This place is amazing. I was a little hesitant about whether or not this place is just a hype or if it's actually good and I was pleasantly surprised by every item I tried. My table ordered family style so we could try a bit of everything. We got the Chicken Samusa, Tea Leaf Salad, Oh Noh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup), and Moh Hinga (Catfish Chowder Noodle Soup). Holy moly everything is super flavorful and good. If I could have the coconut noodle soup and tea leaf salad everyday for the rest of my life, I would. And if it weren't so popular and far from where I live, I'd definitely come back and try every item on their menu. The prices here are steep, but given how much time and effort they put into perfecting the recipes and making sure you enjoy your experience eating there, I think it's worth every penny. Open one in SoCal please!!
The only reason I took a star off is the ridiculous 1.5 hour wait that my party of 2 waited for a table here. As for the food itself, however, it was absolutely delicious. We got the Tea Leaf Salad, as it seemed to be the most popular dish, and we loved it, although I wish they had used Romaine instead of Iceberg lettuce (it really does make all the difference)We also got the Burmese Samosas, which I thought was grossly overpriced at $9 (for only 2 of them!). You can actually get 2 for $1 if you go to the really authentic, local South Asian joints.For entrees, we got the Nan Dyi Gok noodles, which was delicious. I really enjoyed the broth and the flavors came together nicely. But my absolute favorite was the Chili Lamb. It was packed with flavor and not overwhelmingly spicy (but then again, we do have a high tolerance for spicy food, so don't trust me on that one), and was just really good, especially with the coconut rice that we ordered on the side!Total bill was about $65 for 2 people. A bit on the pricier side, but I thought the entrees and salad was totally worth it.
I have been many times and I like the Tea leaf salad. But I hate lines, food hype and limited menus and Burma Superstar has all of these factorsI can tell you from experience, nothing is gluten free - and even if they tell you it is, you still might get sick. Just not worth it.
5000 Yelps for the Tea Leaf Salad, it was not the jam.They take reservations. They have very limited tables. The wait is non stop from opening until closing, so be prepared to wait. Service was good, the food came out pretty quick.Tea Leaf Salad - $10.75 - Comes out on the dish with all the ingredients separated and then they toss it for it. One of those dishes where I felt that it was way to much going with each bite. The flavors did not work for me. I did enjoy the crunch from the different nuts, added great texture.Chicken Curry Dahl - $13.50 - My favorite thing I had here. Curry was on point, creamy coconut curry flavor, like viet curry. Chicken was cooked well and it was tender. It was so cook, I put the curry on everything I ate.Pumpkin Pork Stew - $14.75 - I liked the pumpkin. Pork was good. Decent dish.Nan Gyi Dok - $11.75 - Had such high hopes for this dish because all the ingredients sounded so perfect together. Bland as hell, tasted like I was chewing nothing. I had to add curry on it to make it taste like anything. Superstar Shrimp - $14.75 - Shrimp were plump and had a good sauce. Chili Lamb - $16.75 - Lamb was cooked well. The sauteed veggies were really good with the lamb and sauce. Had a good heat kick. Coconut Rice - $2.75 per serving - Got 4 servings for 9 people. Way more then enough. For 11 bucks, I would have preferred regular white rice. Burma Ale, pitcher - $20 - When eating Burmese, get Burmese beer. 3 stars because the food was hit or miss. The popular stuff was pretty disappointing to me.
Got here at 5:40 and there were a few people outside waiting for to-go orders. Put my name down and the host said it would be about a 20-25 min wait and that he would text us when our table was ready. So the bf and I walked around to kill some time. The host was spot on with the wait time!! 20 min passed and we got a text! There's tea for you to sip on while you wait which is also nice. First timer here so I didn't know what this place is known for. Ended up going with what other yelpers recommended and ordered the tea leaf salad, coconut chicken noodles, fiery beef, and coconut rice. Food came out super fast despite there being a full house. The tea leaf salad was delicious! Glad I took the recommendation of my fellow yelpers. I felt so healthy afterwards! Coconut chicken curry noodles was probably my favorite! Reminded me of the Hmong dish called Kapoon. Definitely will get that again when I come back. Fiery beef was good as well and that dish is similar to Mongolian beef. Coconut rice is a must! Service was fantastic. Our server asked if it was our first time here when he arrived with the tea leaf salad, explained all of the components of the dish, and even tossed the salad for us! As I mentioned earlier, it was a full house and our waiter was still able to check in with us frequently to see if we were doing okay.
With over 5000 reviews I doubt this opinion will make a dent so here goesTea Leaf salad is good and is their claim to fame. Variety of ingredients that somehow manage to bring harmony. Good level of crunch and tang to elevate this salad. However beware of the fried garlic chips as they will overwhelm any dishes that will follow. I would even go as far as saying try having the salad after the mains!Beef curry mundane attempt at curry. Something I would expect at any household from that region. The beef was tough and not a desirable texture. Okra with eggs another homemade feeling dish. Nothing special whatsoever. I can't pinpoint a single spice except salt and pepper. Very basic IMO and nothing to elevate it from mediocrity.This place has its fans but as someone who cooks I prefer to try things that are harder to replicate at home. 2 Stars.
Let's see what all this buzz is about!What I ordered:- Tea Leaf Salad: this is a must get at ANY burmese restaurant- Salt and Pepper Calamari: came with body part and the tentacles, yum- Braised Pork Belly: the meat [art was so tender, fatty parts was fatty, and the sauce was so good- Chicken Curry: this was my friend's choice so I barely touched it only because I can't eat spicy food- Coconut rice: coconut rice brings out the flavors more than eating jasmine/brown rice and in my opinion, minimizes the spice level- Mango lassi: it's a mango smoothieI always heard people say that Burma Superstar gets packed super quick so I recommend going right as they open. Also, you can't make reservations so it's first come first serve. The restaurant isn't super big but who really comes to a restaurant to judge their size. The food is delicious!
I know I'm like the last person to try this place, but it really deserves the great rating that it has. I came here on Monday at lunch, and fortunately, I didn't have to wait in line! We walked right in, and we were seated right next to the windows. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful, with the photos on the walls highlighting the Burmese culture. My boyfriend and I ordered the tea leaf salad, the braised pork curry with coconut rice, and an iced Vietnamese coffee. Like everyone else mentioned, service was fabulous and the waitress we had took the time to explain what the tea leaf salad was. I really did not have any expectations for the salad, and I thought to myself "How great can a salad be?" Answer to that: IT CAN ROCK YOUR WORLD. The salad is a mix of roasted nuts, lettuce, a couple of other vegetables, oil, and fermented tea leaves. I am definitely a sauce sort of person, so I was a little hesitant about just having oil with the salad... but this oil is straight up magical. Combined with the fermented tea leaves, it had a nutty sort of flavor that I want to eat every day for the rest of life. To be honest, I wanted to lick the plate after our meal, but did not end up doing that...The braised pork curry was good, but definitely don't expect your Indian types of curry! It had a sort of watery texture that was something I haven't had in a while. Also, the coconut rice was delicious! I tried tasting both the curry and the rice individually and it wasn't great... but when combined together = FLAVORTOWN. Our Vietnamese coffee was okay, just didn't like how it was very watery once we poured it over ice. I would recommend getting the Thai Iced Tea, because some of the tables next to us had it and it looked so good! Overall, loved my experience. Coming here again if there isn't a wait!
The third time is the charm. We've tried a couple of times to eat the Burma Superstar but the previous attempts were unsuccessful because the waiting lists were so long. Here is the tip go for lunch around 1:15 get seated right away. We wanted to try everything and we ordered. 7 items for 3 people, so the server was nice enough to move us to a bigger table.Chicken Samusa Hot puffs of flaky dough with chicken stuffingSignature Tea Leaf Salad the server tosses the salad very lemony fresh Chicken Dahl Curry Lentil Curry was flavorful with the lentil texturePumpkin Pork Stew semi sweet stew with super tender pork pieces Fiery Beef best dish with tender marinated beef, green beans and bell pepper Garlic Noodles with Duck strips of duck mixed with veggies and garlic noodlesBlack Rice Pudding a creamy rice pudding served with slices of banana and strawberry's.All the stars aligned, got a parking spot right around the corner from the restaurant with 40 min still left on the meter. Restaurant service was excellent. 5 star experience Burma Superstar is worth the wait.
Just as good as advertised. Really don't have much to say that hasn't been said in other reviews. But if you're looking for suggestions, try this and you won't be disappointed:1) Tea Leaf Salad* (are you surprised?)2) Chicken samusas3) Curry pork with potatoes and white rice*Note: Don't overthink this one, get the salad. It is truly amazing. Overall simply a fantastic meal.
Plain and simple, this place rules! If you have the patience to brave the never ending line at all hours of the day, you'll be happy you did. My trick, order the lunch special to go and it only takes 10-15 min for you meal to be ready. I'll add that to Yelp tips too! Let's start with the food and my favorites. Everyone raves about the tea leaf salad, and it's totally worth the order. All the fried garlic will keep the vampires away for the next year. So, if you're a Twilight fan, just be careful because it's delicious. My favorite of everything might be the sesame chicken. Oh how I love the, let me count the ways! It's a great option for the lunch special and comes with their amazing yellow rice and steamed broccoli. All for around 12 bucks. Moral of this story. If you find yourself in the Inner Richmond, have 30-45 min to wait in line, and want the best burmese in town, you sack it up and go here. Period.
Superstar more like three-star, unfortunately. My girlfriends and I waited almost two hours when they told us it'd be an hour! Glad we finally tried this extremely hyped up place, but wouldn't try it again. The dining area is very small and cramped, but that's typical for a restaurant in SF. Service was fast, which is good when you have to wait so long. Tea leaf salad was good! The curry that came with the flatbread dip was fine as well. The coconut rice is standard. Here's the bad parts: the lamb in the lamb curry was very tough and hard to eat. The curry was fine, though. The nan gyi something noodles were so bland! Such a disappointment since these dishes are so hyped. I could barely taste any of the sauce. I went to this Burmese restaurant in Berkeley when I had Burmese food for the first time and it blew me away. I'd probably go there again if I wanted Burmese food, rather than waiting too long for Burma three-star.
"Say WHAT?" - friend A says "You're born and raised here in SF ... And you've never ate at Burma Superstar?" "NO FREAKING WAY!! And you call yourself an elite. Yelp should totally revoke your Yelp Elite Badge!" - friend B Yelp please don't take away my badges! Yes, I'm ashamed. I've never dined at Burma Superstar. I've always wanted to. It has always been one of my bookmarks. I've passed by the restaurant a couple time, probably more than a couple times. The crowd, the long line and the wait time discourages me to eat there. Finally, many years later. My friends decided it was damn about time I should eat at Burma Superstar. Also, I think one of my friends was craving for Burmese food. She was just using me as an excuse. My friends literally had a late lunch on a Saturday. We waited in line at 1:30 pm or so, got seated around 2:00 pm. The restaurant is pretty small. The tables was close to one another. 2 of my friends and I was able to fit in a table that was meant for 2 people. DAMN, at 2:30 pm, the restaurant was still jam packed with people. I have to say the most memorable dish I had there was the coconut rice. It was delicious and extremely addicting. It has just a right amount of coconut. I also enjoyed the catfish chowder/curry. My least favorite dish has to be the garlic noodles. I couldn't taste the garlic. The noodles was pretty much bland. I probably didn't enjoy Burma Superstar take on garlic noodles. I have to say, I'm glad I finally got to try Burma Superstar. Check!!
Amazing food. Been here a few times. I wish I could come more often but the long wait makes it hard.Me and my friends wanted to eat an early dinner, so we came around 4:35pm. We were the second people in line. By 4:50pm, the line of people waiting outside was pretty long. They started seating people at 5pm sharp.We started with a large pitcher of the Lychee Mojito- super bomb! I could have drank that all day.We ordered family style- got the Tea Leaf salad, Rainbow salad, Mango Chicken, Duck noodles, Basil Chili Pork Belly, Lamb Curry. Everything was really delicious! My top picks would have to be the Tea Leaf salad and Pork Belly. I wasn't too crazy about the Rainbow salad. Everything was extremely yummy. I like coming here with a big group because you can have a little bit of everything.Would definitely come back
Finally got to try this place! I usually don't end up going because I don't want to wait for 2 hours (it's a small place and super popular), but we came at around noon on a Wednesday and luckily we didn't have to wait. We tried the:- Platha and Dip- its kind of like slices of bread/pastry/nan but different and comes with curry dip, so good! if you ever tried roti, its similar (but imagine roti folded up so that its thicker and layered)- Tea leaf salad- of course we had to get this, it's what this place is known for and was "featured on the food channel" or something. It was delicious, perfect combination of flavors and texture- Nan Pia Dok- flat noodles with curry sauce and chicken. Another great dish that we really enjoyed, next time I'll try the nan gyi dok (that is usually my go-to for burmese entrees)- Fiery Beef- sweet and spicy (but not too spicy thankfully) chunks of beef with string beans, it went really well with our order of coconut rice (would recommend the coconut rice, it was perfect amount of coconut flavor with a hint of savoriness) I would not recommend the Thai iced tea, it was unfortunately watered down tasting...did not know you could mess up thai iced tea, but apparently you can. Service was great and friendly.Overall, would come again for lunch on a random day of the week, but still would refuse to wait 2 hours, as there are other burmese places in the city (such as Mandalay).
We waited 2.5 hours for a table here. I know. And while sitting on a bench just outside a sought-after restaurant at the peak of dinnertime, with your stomachs madly grumbling, scents of delicious meats and dishes wafting through the door, huddling over a menu and living vicariously through food descriptions and Yelp reviews, looking longingly at the happy, munching customers inside, may be akin to getting your tonsils taken out, I can assure you that... the wait is worth it. As tourists in San Francisco, this was our last meal before heading back home. While that 2.5 hour wait wasn't the easiest to deal with, we're so glad we stuck it out. We passed the time by walking up and down the main street, checking out grocery stores and purchasing snacks along the way for our flight the next day (obviously not partaking in the snacks so as not to spoil our appetites, of course).We were told it would be a 2.5 hour wait. We arrived at 7:00 PM and, at exactly 9:30 PM, our group was finally called. To share, we ordered a Tea Leaf Salad ($10.75) and a Burmese Style Beef Curry ($15.00) with rice - we also had bites of the Platha and Dip, Sesame Chicken, and Nan Pia Dok (Coconut Chicken Curry noodles), which our friends had ordered. Think of these dishes as the perfect fusion of Thai, Indian, Vietnamese, and Chinese food. Absolutely delicious, comforting, sweet and savoury, with a nice kick to it. The flavours are overwhelming, complex, and full of body. Absolutely phenomenal meal. For the Tea Leaf Salad and Burmese Beef Curry, we paid around $30.00. Tourist or not, do yourself a favour and have a meal here when you have a chance!
Loooong wait and terrible parking. Might want to consider these facts before coming here.After hearing about how good this place is, I have finally tried it. I had Burmese food before but it wasn't to my liking so I thought this place would make it better. On a Tuesday evening, there was a 20 minute wait. This place is really cramped and small. There's also complimentary tea outside for those thirsty and cold.I got Tea Leaf Salad, Chicken Samusas, Sticky Finger, and Nan Gyi Dok. All the plates were pretty small except for the Sticky Fingers. The Chicken Samusas were good. A very nice golden color. Tea Leaf Salad was a bit weird to me. I'm not used to eating fermented tea leaves. First few bites tasted nice and refreshing but after that, it just didn't taste very good. Also, not sure if this was the case, but because I had the Tea Leaf Salad for dinner, I was unable to sleep that night. Just a thought. My favorite is the Sticky Fingers. The sauce was tasty but the meat was a little chewy. The Nan Gyi Dok was interesting. It had a hint of curry taste, but I wish it had a stronger taste.I wasn't really impressed by this place. I mean everything is good but it's kind of expensive and the flavors don't exactly blow me away. If invited, I wouldn't mind trying this place again but I would not specially come here myself.
I've come here multiple times but after experiencing 1-1.5hour+ waits each time, this time we decided to come a little before it opened on Sunday at around 4:50PM and there was already a small line forming. But still we were able to get in right when it opened!Before deciding to get anything else, follow everyone's advice and GET THE TEA LEAF SALAD! It is a life-changing salad that I crave all the time now. It's got a super unique flavor with so many different textures from the nuts and other things they put in it.I don't think you can go wrong with any choices on the menu, but here's what else we got:Nam Gyi Dok: Chicken coconut curry noodles that are super flavorful and creamy. Highly recommend!Mint Chicken: Highly recommend for those that like it spicy and it pairs extremely well with the coconut riceCoconut Rice: Must get!!! It's got just the right amount of sweetness/flavor from the coconut. Seriously could just eat this on its own. And huge shoutout to our wonderful server who gave us an extra coconut rice to go. Made our leftovers a second meal for later :D
Wow.The hype is real. The food here is magic.Papaya Salad.Honey orange chicken.COCONUT RICE. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.My sister lives in Oakland so we trekked to the city to have dinner here and she called the restaurant when we jumped from Bart to a local bus to see if she could put her name down on the waitlist and they happily obliged. It took us another 30 minutes or so to get there and by the time we arrived we waited 10 minutes tops before being seated which really helped prevent any hangry waiting.The restaurant is small and intimate...as in you can hear the conversation happening at the table right next to you very clearly and you can't help but rudely lean forward as their food arrives as you try to decide what to order. Some people don't like that but I think it's all apart of the charm and experience. Service is quick but they still somehow come off as very warm and welcoming. All the food we ordered was delicious and by the looks of it (remember the rude leaning forward?) you could order anything and it would at the very least be very good. This is my new SF must stop visit.
There was a long wait but down the block, there's a bubble tea place and another smaller restaurant for snacks to hold you over for dinner. We got a bunch of dishes at Burma. The dishes were the tea leaf salad, garlic and chili shrimp, chicken curry Dahl, coconut sticky rice and some broccoli for vegetables. The tea leaf salad has solid flavors but it did get a little too salty towards the end. There was something crunchy in the salad and that made the salad better. The garlic shrimp was a little spicier than I would have liked but it was still good. I was impressed by the amount of shrimp that was given to us. The chicken curry wasn't really memorable but it wasn't bad. The broccoli was pretty standard as well but we needed to get some vegetables in our system badly. The coconut rice was a pleasant surprise. There was a good amount of coconut flavor to it and the rice was cooked well. Definitely be prepared for a long wait but it's worth it. Burma superstar is a bit further away from the city so don't expect to walk there.
I've been here on and off for many years and I can say that, sans the atrocious wait time, that it's worth it. Most items are priced above $10 but the portion size is sufficient. The Moh Hinga is what I love most. I feel like there can be more egg or fish but the soup itself is flavorful. I'm not a Tea Leaf Salad fan but my companions like it. The tea is at an additional charge. Restaurant is a bit small but clean. Parking is terrible. The wait time (for dinner) is worse.
What can I say, except that Burma Superstar is one of the best asian restaurants I've ever been too! The food here is fantastic. The tea leaf salad and samusa soup are well deserving of their reputation. For mains, I tried their biryani (delicious and large portioned) and the tofu okra (outstanding!). The service is friendly and pretty fast.It's a pretty busy place so be prepared for a long wait. If you ca't wait that long, check out their sister restaurant, B Star, which offers similar food. Overall, I highly recommend this place. Will definitely stop by the next time I'm in San Francisco.
Three words: Tea Leaf Salad!When I visit Burma Superstar I make it a point to order the tea leaf salad. I mean, duh. It's the best salad in the city, and one of the few sources of fiber on the menu.The menu here is out of this world; you can seriously close your eyes and point to something on the menu and it will be delicious. My personal fave picks are: platha dip, Nan Gyi Dok (rice noodle dish), and Mango Chicken.The tables turn very quickly here and there is always a backlog of folks waiting to dine. Expect to receive the bill after the last plate is cleared and make a quick exit. Diners typically leave immediately to support fast turnover; not much mingling after dinner here. There are plenty of nearby bars to enjoy an after-dinner drink elsewhere. Bottom line: the food here is totally worth the wait! Don't be intimidated by the wait for a table. Give your phone number to the host, sip the free tea or walk a few blocks and grab some drinks. Your patenence will be rewarded!
I love the food here but hate the wait! It's a really small restaurant, so make sure to come early and put your name down or else you may be waiting for a while. I have been to their alameda location and the food their was a little bit on the salty side. So I figured to try the sf location to see if it would be any better. Came here with my bf and we ordered the platha dip, tea leaf salad, coconut chicken noodle soup and the fiery vegetables with tofu.Everything came out pretty quick. The platha dip was really good and crispy. The tea leaf salad was good as well but wished it was more spicier. The coconut chicken noodle soup was really flavorful and was really good on a cold rainy day. Lastly, the fiery vegetables and tofu came out and it had a nice smokey flavor and came out hot. I had tried this dish before at the alameda location and it was super salty the last time I had it. However, the one here wasn't as salty and I didn't feel like i had to drink a gallon of water to wash everything down.Overall, I love this place and would love to come back and try their other dishes. It is a great sit down restaurant, but may be a little bit crowded at times. They also have a heated lamp outside for people who are standing and waiting!
To be honest, I would not wait for an hour or more in line to eat here. The food was 3 stars for me but the services was great! The lady serving us was very nice, informative, and have good recommendations. We ordered vegetarian food, maybe the non-veg is worth waiting in line for? We ordered:Vegetable curry deluxe: the veggies were are mushy but the flavor was okay 3/5Tofu tower: did not like this at all except the gravy. They tofu was very hard so we couldn't eat that and there was barely any gravy so kinda did ruin the dish 2/5Fried yellow bean tofu: again, hard tofu and barely any sauce. No flavor 2/5Tea leaf salad: I loved it!! They bring it out and mix it in front of you 5/5Vegetarian samusa soup: I loved the soup too. It was very warm and flavorful 5/5Iced tea: too strong for my taste 3/5Coconut rice/brown rice: cooked well, tasted well 5/5Overall I probably wouldn't return for anything else except the soup and salad.
I've been coming here for 15 years and I have visited Burma probably 15+ times. I used to visit this restaurant with my Burmese and Hawaiian friends when they would visit me in SF. I think the taste has been watered down and the flavors are all bland. The staff is incredibly sweet and helpful. I've heard the restaurant is not owned by Burmese and the food tastes more like Chinese than Burmese.Tea leaf salad was much smaller than before and had no punch nor any real flavor. This was always my go to dish for years. The Shrimp kebat was on the cool side of warm, tasted more like a tomato sauce, had no heat or spice, and was lacking. The Mohinga was even more lacking and was not hot at all.
The hype about the rainbow salad is 100% justified. It's hard to describe just how yummy this is--the textures, the vinegar, and the brightness of the salad are spot on.Everything else is good too. But don't skip the salad!
So bad. Waited 20 min for a table and wanted to like it but was disappointed. Had "customer favorite" samosa soup. Not my kind of thing. Flavor of soup was ok but falafels were heavy and dense. Tea leaf salad was bitter. Maybe fried shallots were burnt. Not very flavorful either. I've had better in Kyain Kyain in Fremont. Maybe too much lettuce. Flavored basmati rice. Ok but again better in Kyain Kyain. Flavor was ok but texture wasn't great. Rice was broken. Chicken dal curry was OK. Mild with some bits of bones in the curry. Wouldn't eat here again. Rangoon Ruby in Palo Alto or Kyain Kyain is better
I've never had Burmese cuisine until this weekend and I am so glad my friends took me here! Since I was visiting from LA for the weekend, we decided to eat here on Saturday night. The wait was an hour and a half, but you can write your name down and walk around and come back. The restaurant itself is very small. We ordered the platha and dip, tea leaf salad, coconut rice, fiery beef, garlic and chili shrimp and tofu with okra. Everything was so delicious, but my favorite was the platha dip. I poured the sauce over the coconut rice and it was just so amazing! We also ordered the lychee tea and it was so good too!The service here was excellent! Everyone was very fast and attentive and didn't forget anything that we asked for every time! Our server also made good recommendations for us. I'm sure I will eat here every time I am in San Francisco. PLEASE MAKE ONE IN LA! :)
Burma, we meet again! This time around I have a better description of what was ordered! Everything was wonderful and the portion-size is huge. Tea Leaf Salad - the best. Rainbow Salad - awesome but not what I was expecting. Saw this option on a list of things to eat in SF before you die lol. It was good but it's not your typical salad. More of a noodle salad!Mint Chicken - portion size was huge. Lots of mint and garlic flavorChili Lamb - wow. the lamb was so tender. Chicken curry noodles - exactly what it sounds like. great flavor. Coconut rice - you might need to order extra of this so you have enough for all the dishes All this was shared between 4 people. We had some leftover mint chicken and chili lamb. Service was great! The wait on a Sunday night was 1 hour which is nothing for this place!
Burma Superstar lives up to these 5 star Yelp reviews. There is always a wait, but they do a good job of getting people in the door quickly. Your experience will be more pleasant if you're willing to share a "communal" table with another group of people. The last time I went, I walked away with a few new friends. Definitely worth it.But on to the important part: the food. For people unfamiliar with Burmese food, the roughest equivalent is somewhere between Thai and Indian (though realistically, it is neither). Get the tea leaf salad. The sourness of the lemon and fermented tea leaves mix perfectly with the texture of the nuts and crunchy greens. If you've never had it before, your server will describe the ingredients before mixing them together in front of you. It's excellent. The vegetarian samusas were delicious. Each of them is the size of the palm of your hand. One to two per person is a good call for appetizers--potato is filling. The rose tea was very light. Rather than bring you pre-steeped tea or just a tea bag, each individual gets their own tea pot where you can see the small flower buds as it steeps. The mint chicken was surprisingly great. I've never had mint featured so heavily in a poultry dish. The coconut rice on the side is adequate for one or two people, so if you're eating family style, I would suggest ordering another side dish of it. I would also recommend any of the meats in curry. I will say--if you're ordering lamb, make sure you really like the flavor of the meat. This sounds pretty self-explanatory, but it is quite lamby. It was my favorite dish.Clement street continues to wow me.
I've never had Burmese before, and I was not disappointed. We got here just before six and slid right in---perfect timing as a line formed shortly after. We had friendly & helpful service. We shared the tea leaf salad (so simple, yet so pleasing), platha and dip app (unique, doughy bread with coconut curry sauce) and chicken & shrimp casserole. All hits. I wish I could go back and sample more menu items. Is there a Burmese restaurant in Indiana? We must find one.
This place is to die for. You want to get there early and you most likely will wait. I suggest going to put your name down and head off to grab a snack. They will text you when it's your turn. I really like how they leave hot tea out and have an outside heater on for those who wait. One thing that makes this place really good is there service. They mix the salads and noodle dishes for you. They check up on you often. It's nice to have this service at a non high end restaurant. We got the fried yellow curd tofu, catfish curry, tea leaf salad, and nan gyi dak with a side of coconut rice. Everytime they brought out the food, it makes my mouth water. The food is amazing!! I want to try other things next time. The salad itself is very different in taste than a normal salad. It's really flavorful. I love it. The catfish curry really looked like fried chicken. They don't put coconut milk in this so it makes the dish pretty light. The noodle dish is super light too! You leave not over stuffed. The food is authentic and super good. I can not complain about Burma Superstar. I suggest coming with 2-4 people so you can choose from a variety of dishes. I can't wait to come back!!
All my friends love this place and I'm so glad I finally tried it for the first time the other day. The wait was about 45 minutes, but definitely worth it. They text you when your table is ready so my friend and I were able to walk around and check out the cute little shops nearby while we waited. When we sat down, the service was quick and they were all very nice. My friend and I shared the tea leaf salad, vegetable lettuce wraps and the eggplant tofu curry. Portions were huge! We were stuffed by the end and had to take a lot of it to go. I would definitely recommend the tea leaf salad - it tastes very unique & delicious!
Better than Rangoon Ruby, but smaller portions. The lines are ridiculous but the food comes out quickly.
Another review to add to the thousands of reviews. I liked it a lot. I did not love it. The tea leaf salad was very good. Mind blowing? No, but good!The samusa soup everyone on Yelp talks about was interesting. I think it would be much tastier if it only had the dumplings without the stale and weird falafel chunks. They were gross. The coconut rice is awesome. Super yummy. The extreme negative was the noise! We were literally sitting less than a foot from the next table of people so any chance of really hearing my dining partner was almost zilch.
Where's my Tofu Chicken???? Well, I went twice recently and I doubt I will be back. The Spicy Chicken is still very good and the curry appetizer with the flat bread is worth a try, but nothing blew my mind enough to wait in line for 30+ mins. Braised pork belly was a miss. Perhaps i'm getting too old to be so squeezed in, but it's hard to enjoy a meal when a stranger's rear or crotch has to bump your table to get in or out. If you aren't here for the tea leaf salad (which i've never had), I'd recommend other yummy places on on Clement without so much hype keeping the lines long.
Burma superstar is a quiet, unremarkable looking hole in the wall in an Asian neighborhood. Who would have thought that this place could be so popular?Dinner service started at 5PM but a crowd gathered around the door a half hour before showtime. My buddy and I waited along with them. The owners should buy the spaces next door because the dining room was tiny. Certainly, inadequate to accommodate the throngs of anxious diners storming down their front door.I ordered the tea leaf salad, pork stew and lamb curry. I enjoyed the light flavors and the crunch of the salad but it was not as impressive as other Yelpers claim. I liked that the soft pumpkin in the pork stew balanced the meaty with the starchy. The meal satisfied but was not the life-altering experience the hype had promised. If you can get in this place without having to wait, go for it. Otherwise, there are plenty of other dinner spots in SF that would happy to have your business.
I really wish it wasn't so mindblowingly good that my favorite restaurant is on the opposite coast and set the bar so high to basically ruin all future burmese food for me. Nothing comes close here in DC. The complexity and intricacy of the flavors that unfold with each bite... it's a real mouthful. Love the lamb curry and the tea leaf salad... i can skip on the rainbow salad though (perhaps a tad too spicy for me). The pear sorbet... seriously? The flavor was so fragrant, crisp, and refreshing: a perfect ending to the meal!Call ahead to check on the wait time... they can put your name down in advance!
Delicious!! This was my first time trying Burmese food and I can't wait to have it again. The Tea Leaf Salad is AMAZING!!!! I'm still craving it. It's perfectly dressed with lemon juice and is so flavorful. I also enjoyed the samosa soup! The only dish I didn't care for were the Shan noodles since they were on the bland side. This place is busy, but well worth the wait for a table. We went on a Monday night and wait for a table was 20-30 min at 7p. Service is super fast though! Overall, this was a wonderful place and I will definitely go again when I'm back in San Francisco!
This was my first time have Burmese food, so I am by no means an expert. Based off yelp, I ordered the tea leaf salad and got the lamb curry with coconut rice. The tea leaf salad was good and fresh tasting. I liked the fried garlic, it gave it a savory aspect to the salad. But I wish that the lettuce was more cold and crisp. It was a warm salad and I prefer my lettuce cold. I honestly have no idea if it suppose to be warm because this was my first exposure to Burmese food.  The lamb curry was flavorful but the meat wasn't that tender honestly. It was kinda disappointing to get chewy meat. In addition, the coconut rice complimented the curry well. My complaint was that I feel that while the meal was good, I felt that the price point was too high. The portion size for spending almost $40 a person is too small and I felt that they should also not be charging extra for coconut rice. The service was okay as well, the staff was police and nice but since the restaurant was busy they were not very attentive. I constantly had to flag down waitstaff for more water or for my bill. While I would come back, the food wasn't that special in my opinion (it tasted like food I have had before) and while it was very fresh tasting, the price point is just too high. While this isn't a 3 star, it's more 3.5 stars but not a 4 yet.
There is a lot of hype surrounding the Inner Richmond's Burma Superstar; expect to have to battle through an hour wait. If you are looking to expand your horizons and try something new, try Burma Superstar. This restaurant earns 5 stars in my book because I have found it to be both delicious and different. If you are unfamiliar with Burmese cuisine, I recommend sticking to the entree that everyone raves about: the Tea Leaf Salad. I've also had, and really enjoyed, the Rainbow salad. The service matches the high quality food- hosts are friendly and accommodating. It makes the wait a little less painful. Unfortunately, not the most charming neighborhood to kill time in as you wait; be prepared to sit on the bench out front and enjoy your company.
Came here with my family. Excellent food and service. Had the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, pork curry, chicken curry noodles, pork belly basil chili, and lamb samusas - all paired with coconut rice. Highly recommend everything except the the chicken curry noodles. The noodles were good as well, but not as good as the other dishes. The service was also great. My family and I really enjoyed eating here. The ambiance is probably 3 stars, but the food is excellent, so that trumps all in my book.
The decor of this place was really nice, i love the ambiance of this restaurant. Parking can get hectic depending on whether you come on a weekend or weekday. It only took me a minute to find parking, i guess i got lucky. Also, make sure you have money for the meter. Food: I ordered the Mohinga, which is the catfish noodle soup. You don't taste any strong stench of seafood taste, but instead i think everything in this dish is perfectly seasoned! I could honestly eat 2 or 3 bowls of this. So delicious! Check out the Mohinga if you get a chance!Service: The service here is really attentive and great. They are always smiling when they come to our table and they are always checking up on us to make sure we were doing okay.Im definitely coming back here when I'm craving Burmese food!
A MUST if you're visiting the city! A friend had mentioned I check this place out & it was definitely worth the trip & wait! My friend and I wanted to try everything! We started off by ordering a pitcher of the Burma Cooler which was beer, ginger & some type of citrus juice which I can't remember but it was refreshing! Next we split both the tea leaf salad & samusa soup. Wow the flavors were amazing. The tea leaf salad contains peanuts, lentils, romaine lettuce, tomatoes & some green stewish sauce in the middle which I could not figure out what it was! The samusa soup was my personal favorite. It was a mixture of Thai, Indian & Chinese spices all blended into a delicious concoction. There were mini samusas & falafel mixed in. For my entree, I ordered the veggie curry (definitely Indian tasting) & a side of the coconut rice! The coconut rice was so good & paired with the curry the flavors all mixed beautifully. Service here was great! They offered great suggestions & they were very quick with getting the food out!
Finally got to see for myself what the buzz is all about!The Tea Leaf Salad was delicious and the Oh No Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup) was beyond expectations!We came for lunch, so the wait wasn't bad...
Best salad I've ever had in my life. The tea Leaf salad is amazing. It has like 10 ingredients and the dressing is fermented tea leafs. I don't get to eat here often but when I do it's amazing! My friends and I also ordered a noodle dish, samusas, and pumpkin shrimp as well. All the dishes were on point. I recommend this place to everyone I know because it's so good!
Finally got to try this place! If you haven't tried it yet, make it a priority when you're in the area. Parking as expected was a little difficult, but thankfully we found some street parking a block or two away after 10 min or so of looking. We found out that you can call ahead and put your name down to get on the waiting list, so that was a huge plus for us. When we got there, we only had to wait like another 5 min or so, which allowed us to check out the menu more. Once we were seated, I noticed it was a little warm inside but not too bad. It's not a huge place, so the seating is a little cramped, which may also be why it felt a little warm to me too. The service however was excellent. Very attentive and quick, but did not feel rushed. The food was excellent! We had the Tea Leaf Salad (really good!), Samusa Soup, Spicy and Cripsy Chicken, Superstar Noodles, and Coconut Rice. Everyone in our group pretty much agreed the food was all very good. Judging from how good the food looked on the tables of other parties around us, it's probably safe to say you can order pretty much whatever your taste buds desire and it will be good. All in all, the food is amazing and the service excellent! Great, great spot to try in SF!
This is a great little restaurant! (Emphasis on little) I came here with a friend for lunch on a Monday and thankfully we didn't have to wait long. The service was friendly and quick. We never had to wait for someone to come by if we needed anything. The food came in okay portions but may be a little pricey considering the portions are not enough to take home for a second meal..or snack. Still, it wad delicious and I'll be coming back!
Came here on a Saturday morning, heard there was going to be a long wait, but I guess we came on the right day. The place doesn't open until 11:30 AM but there was a small line forming and the place filled up pretty quickly.Between four of us, we had:1) Platha And Dip - multi layered bread served with a coconut chicken curry sauce. I would say this is the best thing I ate. The curry is great and the bread served is super buttery.2) Vegetarian Samusa Soup - no real comments on it, I didn't really care for it, but others on my table enjoyed it. 3) Tea Leaf Salad - really popular from what I've heard, nice presentation, mixed at the table. A lot of different textures, includes, garlic, peanuts, tomatoes.4)Garlic Noodles - (with duck, pork, or tofu and broccoli) flour noodles with fried garlic, scallions, and your choice of bbq pork, duck, or tofu broccoli. This was really good, but pretty oily.The service and hospitality was great here. I must disclaim that this is not my favorite food based on my pallet. But if you love Burmese food, definitely give this place a shot.
This was my first time trying Burmese food and Burma Superstar was a great place to start! It was a mix of Thai and Indian food, which was a very interesting and unique combination! We were in San Francisco for a friend's birthday and decided to try this restaurant out since it was close by and tons of great reviews! The parking situation is HORRIBLE! If you go during the day, bring lots of coins for the parking meter! We went at night and had to park almost 4 blocks away (not to mention dodging cars that parked in the middle of the street with their hazard lights on). Upon arrival, we were told that the wait would be about an hour and 25 minutes! The restaurant itself was very small and cozy which explains the long wait. But after waiting only 15 minutes, we were seated because a party cancelled, lucky us! Otherwise, we might've just gone somewhere else.We ordered the Rainbow salad (one of the things they were known for) and Platha and dip to start. Both were very good. For entree, we ordered the Nan Gyi Dok, Lamb Kabat, and the Wok Broccoli with a side of Coconut rice. Everything was fantastic except for the Nan Gyi Dok noodles as it was a strange mix of creamy curry that I just didn't like. For dessert, we ordered the Coconut Pudding Fritters which was to die for! If I didn't have to share that among my party I would've devoured it all myself!The waitress was very prompt and nice, checking up on his several times for water and other needs. The other staff was very attentive in clearly our dishes as we finished and I was happy overall with the service. My only complaint though is the parking issue (I know this is no fault of Burma Superstar), and the final expense of the meal as it was actually really costly for the amount that we got.
Not just one of the best, it's THE BEST Asian restaurant I have ever liked as far as the taste goes! I am a fan of Asian food in general. Indian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean - you name it. But this place takes it to a whole nother level.Not the best ambiance because it's tightly packed inside in a very small space and mostly full with a long waiting list.I have never been to Myanmar but being closer to both India and China I feel like they must have a mix of both flavors. We call the Chinese food we get in India 'Indian-Chinese Food' and its very popular. But this is something different. Besides they have all kinds of meats and options of unique salads and drinks unlike 'Indian-Chinese Food' category.I highly recommend trying their Rainbow Salad, Tea Leaf Salad, Chilli Lamb (spicy!!), Chicken Dahl and Pumpkin Pork Stew (very pumpkiny).
Ever since the phone call snafu that resulted in us going to B Star Bar, I've always wondered...so what the hell did I actually miss by not coming to Burma Superstar? Been angling to come here ever since. Finally got the chance to schedule a weekend dinner here, and this time I made sure everyone showed up by 6 PM so that we we wouldn't have to wait an obscenely long amount of time. Turns out the way only ended up being 40 minutes, a relative pittance compared to how long it takes to get into a very popular place in the City.Compared to B Star, Burma Superstar is definitely more traditional Burmese and less fusion. Had the vegetarian samusa soup, tea leaf salad (of course!), chili lamb, basil chili pork belly, and Burmese-style curry with catfish. Highlights were the tea leaf salad and pork belly, although quite frankly all that stuff was really good. My stomach definitely did not complain about our food selections :)Service was pretty good. Our waiter even challenged my friend to eat all the remaining chilis from chili lamb for a free beer! Can't say that he made a very good sell on that bet though, according to him only 1 out of 60 people actually succeeded and that one guy was hating his life as soon as he was done LOL.Definitely enjoyed the experience and would come back...assuming a 45 minute wait or less.
After an 8 hour drive from SoCal, my friends and I had our first meal here. Luckily we only had to wait approx. 20 minutes. All the food we ordered were amazing. My favorite dishes were the tea leaf salad and the curry noodles(?)Overall I had a great experience although the place is a bit claustrophobic and since it's such a busy restaurant, it took a while for our waters to be refilled. I will definitely hit this place up once I'm in town again as well as recommend it to others.
The atmosphere is good. Clearly it's a popular place, as our party of two were sat at a four top to share the table with another couple (a little awkward!) But nonetheless, the servers were great. The shrimp appetizer was good and cocktails were GREAT. I got the vegetable curry on the menu. Being that Burma is near Thailand and India I expected a thick sauce. What they serve is basically a tasteless, watered down tomato broth with loads of oil puddles in it. We expected the cuisine to be spicier and it was all pretty bland. My husband got the Basil Chicken and again there wasn't much taste or flavor to it. Overall, it was very plain. Admittedly, I could just be wrong on what the cuisine is all about but overall, not our cup of tea. All of it was pretty flat in our opinion. However, I would go back for the cocktails. They are super spicy and flavorful (which is interesting because you'd think the food would be that way)
For those of you who have never had Burmese food before, make Burma Superstar your first--and never go anywhere else ever again.Chock full of curries, salads and wok dishes, this place serves high quality food that's likely not to disappoint. But the one dish you MUST get above all else?You guessed it. The TEA LEAD SALADThis ain't no regular salad. The base is your standard lettuce but it's the toppings that seal the deal. Leave it to your server to describe the ingredients, but expect a combination of nuts, tomatoes, fermented tea leaves (imported from the mountains in Burma), and shrimp kebat (they have a vegetarian alternative!). Simply put, it's the most amazing combination of flavors I've experienced in a salad and can honestly be your entire meal. In addition to that dish, the samosas are a nice appetizer to split, chicken curry noodles are a solid entree and if you're ordering a side of rice, make it the coconut rice. And yes--you'll have to endure a wait, but the nice thing here is that they'll call you when your table is ready, so feel free to explore the area!
Is it worth driving around for parking lottery, waiting 45+ minutes, not getting seated until your party is complete?Yes, yes it is worth is. The food is amazing. Order all the things, and the Tea Leaf, and the Sticky Fingers because the Valencia location doesn't carry them.Oh, and across the street are Asian Crepes.
This is a super late review and probably one of my most useless reviews just because it's been over two months since I hit this joint up and I can't remember last week.But, I need to give it a shout out. Very good food. My friend who lives in the city took me there. Very flavorful food. I still crave it. When I'm back in the Bay Area, I expect to return to it immediately. Long lines, fast service and a crowded dining room is something you should expect.I've never had Burmese food before. The best way I can describe it (I am making the uneducated assumption that it is authentic) is that it is Asian-ish for sure but without any direct analogy to a specific Asian food like Chinese, Japanese, etc. We ordered one dish that had sauted prawns with peppers, onions, peanuts and basil. I forget what it was called. I'm sure you can read the description on the menu to find it. It was freaking good. Shrimp was fresh, large, and cooked perfectly. And there were lots. The sauce was red pepper based and somewhat spicy (I have a skewed view of spicy; I like heat) without overpowering the ingredients. We ordered another dish that I can best describe as light yellow curry over ramen noodles mixed with a hard boiled egg and some chicken. Maybe that's what the menu name is. Or maybe not. No matter. You must order this. It was damn good (and damn good is better than freaking good because I just swore). The curry was mild and just the right thickness to cling to every noodle. The noodles were soft (definitely not al dente) but not mushy either. The egg and some red onions brought all of this together into a rich and heavy Asian comfort food style dish.We also ordered a vegetarian dish. I usually require that all my dishes contain some form of animal protein but I was impressed. This dish had baked tofu (firm texture) mixed with fresh peeled tomatoes, squash and basil (probably some other veggies in there but I didn't pay attention). All sauted in a light sweet and salty brothy sauce. Dare I say it was a nice juxtaposition to the saucy and intensely flavored other dishes we had. I ate quite a bit of this dish. Maybe I can be a vegetarian after all . . . Doubtful. We finally ordered a flaky flat breaded dish with something inside of it. There you go. It had something inside of it and I can't for the life of me remember what. I do remember that it was good. So just order it. You won't be disappointed at the Superstar. Heck, you should go for the name alone.
If your not an idiot get the salmon. If you are an idiot don't eat hereIf your a superstar drink the coconut waterIf your unhappy? Drink an Oreo milkshake. They don't have Oreo milkshakes here but generally they make you happyThe name is Burma superstar son. Super. Star.
Tea Salad is the word "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" personified!
Wow!! Love this place and I cannot wait to come back and try more!My friend and I were just around the area after hiking and noticed that the restaurant was about to open, so since we've both never been we thought this would be the perfect opportunity. The wait for this place is always 1 hour +, but we got there around 4:45pm on a Saturday and were able to be seated for the first round of dinner!Service is good, the waitresses are very knowledgable of the menu and are great to ask for recommendations. We ordered the tea leaf salad and platha and dip for appetizers, and for our entrees we got the sesame beef, nan gyi dok, and coconut rice. The salad and bread with dip was delicioussssss!! Definitely need to order again! Sesame beef was good, but it tasted like orange chicken, so we wished we replaced it with something else. Nan Gyi Dok is good as well, but there's barely any chicken in there, and I also expected it to have more curry. If I had to compare it to something I'd say it's similar to udon curry. Coconut rice is yummmmyy!! Sweet, savory, and kind of soft. Went well with the beef and the leftover coconut curry dip that came with the platha :)Verdict: this place is delicious and I get why it's highly reviewed. Can't wait to come back for some more Burmese food!!!
The last time I had gone to Burma Superstar was probably 4 or 5 years ago at the Oakland location. I remember not being super impressed. I also was new and unfamiliar to Burmese cuisine. I had a hard time distinguishing the dishes we previously ordered from widespread Chinese food. This experience was much better and I think the items we ordered were more reflective of the unique flavors of the cuisine. The rainbow salad is excellent. Each ingredient actually contributes to the overall taste and texture of the dish and not one dominates in particular. The fiery beef was cooked in a great sauce that coated the dish in a nice char. The heavier meat and vegetables paired nicely with the more mellow side of fried rice that comes with it. The chicken curry noodles was more mild. I enjoyed the shape of the noodles they used, sort of a thinner chow fun.
Over 5000 reviews? What can I say that hasn't been said? Well, Burma Superstar is well deserved.Burmese food is a rare find -- but it's relatively common in the Bay Area. Burma Superstar is the must try list. The flavors and ingredients are fresh. The portions are large. The food is made well and authentic. Of course, you have to get the Tea Leaf Salad. It's necessary.I love the fresh lemon ginger iced tea -- especially because it comes in a carafe. You pay this much for just one cup of ice tea at other places. The tea is also perfect. It has an even balance of all the flavors but is mild enough to easily finish the carafe in five minutes. The service is excellent. Even when the restaurant is busy (so all the time), my water glass was full and we always felt like we had what we needed. The wait to get a table is the real struggle here and it may take a while when you have a bigger party. Regardless, it is insanely worth it.
I'm a huge fan of Burma Superstar! If I ever need to suggest one, just one restaurant, for visitors to check out - this is the first restaurant I bring up. This place has the unique dishes, fun ambience, annoying wait times - all quintessential items for an SF restaurant. With too many foodies to count, I know I'm at my happy place when I venture out here. Call beforehand and hope that they just might write your name down! I only had to wait for about 15 minutes at the restaurant by calling an hour before for a table for two on Halloween night. Not so Spo00oOky. What to get: Rainbow salad beats Tealeaf salad imo but just get both, Samusa soup regardless of how cold the weather is, Coconut rice and I don't even like rice, Sour leaf curry - so proud to discover this delicious, savory, amaz- OMG I WANT IT NOW, & all-time-favorite mint chicken. With all that said, I have to say - the Oakland Burma Superstar is better than the SF one. I like the ambience more and I will need to better compare the dishes (more excuses to eat at both joints), but I really think that the Oakland Burma's may be better. Their Samusa soup is so savory and laden with that umami flavor I absolutely love. Also, their coconut rice has a sweeter, coconut taste which really complements the Burmese curries (like the sour leaf curry, you're getting that rrright?!?).
The hype is real. Sort of. Hard to believe that this location out in the Richmond is one of the most reviewed and visited restaurants in San Francisco. The owners in here must be burning money for fun to stay warm.That being said, a solid solid tea leaf salad. Haven't had much better due to its obscurity, but seriously this can be made at home with practice. They are making a KILLING on a proteinless salad with some nice nuts and garnishes. It's good, but for the price I've had it and won't again. Try it of course to say you have? Seems to be what I'm doing. Also solid garlic noodles with dashes of lobster or some pricey meat. Again, a great dish but come on garlic noodles in the Richmond should be $5 at most. The adding of a fancy protein to it to justify the crazy prices. Amazing food, weird location, if you have to wait hours like other people, do NOT do it. Sorry. I didn't have to wait on a random weekday so was fortunate to check it off my bucket list. Try that and give it a try. See what you think too.Cheers!
I came here for dinner with three other people, and though the wait was pretty ridiculous, the food was good, so was it worth it? Maybe. Will I do it again soon? Probably not, but I will say everyone should try this place at least once. For four people (three of whom do not eat meat), we ordered two tea leaf salads (without dried shrimp), vegetarian rainbow salad, vegetarian samusa soup, fiery vegetables with tofu, and Burmese style shrimp curry. The tea leaf salad is great - I recommend it without the dried shrimp because I think it makes the dish all too fishy, and it takes away from the fermented tea leaves. The rainbow salad was great - I liked the different textures of everything that went in it (noodles, papaya, onions, etc). The fiery vegetables didn't stand out too much to me, but I did enjoy the shrimp curry - good amount of spice and not like Indian or Thai curry. Think a thicker sauce. The soup was my favorite, I highly recommend it. It's super flavorful, and there's just a lot of filling in the tiny pocket of samusa! For dessert, we shared a black sesame pudding-type thing, and it was super light and great end to our meal.Overall: come here if you've never tried Burmese food before, but be ready to wait for a long time especially if you come on a weekend. I called an hour and a half in advance to put my name down and still had to wait that time plus another half an hour for a tiny table. The service is really good, and they are very accommodating for such a tiny restaurant with a crazy wait.
Tea leaf salad-amazing as alwaysSamosa soup-absolutely delicious & perfect for warm weather! The wait was 45min, was worth it!
We love love love this place. The food, the ambiance, everything - I only wish they took reservations!The tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, samusa soup and the garlic noodles are our favorites. The pea shoot stir fry is a MUST TRY!
Been here twice now and both time the food was exceptional!We were quoted a two hour wait, we knew it would be a long wait so we put our names on the list. Nice thing is they will text you when your table is ready so you can head to a bar or something in the area.Out table for three was a bit tight. Hubby and I squished side-by-side on a bench seat and my mother-in-law say on a chair on the other side. It worked but was definitely more suited for two people.We ordered the tea leaf salad which you have to try. They are great about asking about nut or seafood allergies because this has a mixture of different tree nuts and dried shrimp. This dish is presented table side, all of the ingredients named and then hand tossed! Amazing!We also ordered chicken samusas! Fried yums with a hot and sweet dipping sauce and a pitcher of sangria. This is a twist in the traditional, it's white and the fruit is more in keeping with the style of the cuisine!Entrees, we ordered family style. Beef curry, chili basil pork belly and shrimp garlic something and a small side of jasmine rice. Everything was so good! I loved the curry sauce on the beef, which was served in large diced pieces. The large shrimp was delicious and flavorful as was the pork belly.Totally worth the wait! Order a mix of protein and do not miss the tea leaf salad!!
My fiance and i lucked out coming to this place at Friday around 1pm.. we only waited 10 minutes. I might be upset if I had to wait a hour + to get in. Let me take a step back.. I AM Burmese American so you best bet that I am a harsh critic when it comes to Burmese food. I was excited to try this much raved about resto nonetheless, we don't get good Burmese out east. I honestly felt though that this place had a lot of Chinese influence though.. all those stir frys? Let me set you straight on what to get. We had:-Le Pet Thoke or the fermented tea leaf salad. Ok this was good & interesting. Had little fermeted tea salad, lots of lettuce & crunch from various peanuts, sesame seeds & pumpkin seeds (random) & whatnot. This was good but it should have had a stronger steeped green tea flavor and been spicier. -Platha which is a bread dip with curry... this was good. Very thickly cut - the bread was good, the curry was lacking a little. It could have had more chicken and less coconut.. it was also very soupy. A Thai interpretation - A Large Mohinga. The catfish/onion broth was perfect (and I loved the yellow split pea fritter topping), but I wish the broth was more salted/spiced. I had to ask for chili AND fish sauce. And I wish the noodles were ricesticks, not the thick noodles they used. I guess i'm partial to that because that's how my Mom made it!!-The Nan Gyi Dok which is kind of like Ohno Kawser but drier.. like a Thao Kao Soi. Honestly, I never had this growing up unless they meant it to be Kawk Swe Thoke which is the chicken noodle salad my mom makes with chickpea flour. Anyway, this was good - good yellow chicken curry noodles with again the pillar of Burmese - crunchy noodles, shallots, hard boiled egg & red onion. This was good but like unique than other Burmese dishes. I felt we got tooooo many noodle dishes but that's in hindsight. I would have had the catfish curry otherwise.The service was fast & not bad- they gave me more chili & fish sauce upon request! They could have been better with waters though but then again it's the drought in CA and I guess such is the case everywhere. Overall, I'd give Burma Superstar a 4 given how much light they've shined on Burmese food and everything is truly balanced- it is authentic but clearly it's dialed down a bit just to appease non Burmese palettes. There are a good mix of Asian/non asian here, after all. I still think Rangoon in Philly is my favorite but this is not to be missed in SF.. they have multiple locations now and other Burmese restos exist like rangoon Superstar in Berkeley. I'm too close to the cuisine so not sure I could ever give it a 5.. but anyway, go for it.
Came here on the recommendation of a friend living in the city. First time, so we ordered all of the popular classics, and it was delightful. The lamb curry was the highlight of my evening. I ate so much I nearly passed out!
I loved this place! Never had burmese food and I don't think I'm ever turning back. The tea leaf salad was so interesting. So many flavors and textures. The samosa soup had great flavor too. The falafel was kinda hard but that's how it's suppose to be to withstand the liquid of the soup.Then the mint chicken! Holy cow. Spice alert! But it was perfect! Ah take me back!
Reviewing for takeout only!!We ordered two ohno kaswer noodles and the superstar shrimp togo since we didn't feel like waiting to eat in. Swung by and picked it up in 30-45 min. (this was a Saturday night)Really enjoyed the flavors of the ohno broth, but its definitely very rich and creamy. The flat noodles are great! The superstar shrimp had a nice spicy kick towards the back of your mouth and we also had the tea leaf salad, which was yummy and refreshing!
We came up to the Bay Area to visit family and on the last day in town we wanted to try something that wasn't widely found in San Diego. My fiance turned to his well-trusted Yelp app and found Clement Street's Burma Superstar, with high reviews and high remarks. Our Burmese friend had just gotten married a few months back, and she actually shipped the legendary tea leaf salad from Burma to the United States to serve as her wedding reception appetizer. Traditional Burmese tea leaf salad uses real fermented green tea leaves, but to better cater to our Western tastebuds, Burma Superstar uses chopped romaine lettuce as an equally delicious substitute. With the light, lemony dressing and crispy fried nuts, sesame, garlic, and roasted peanuts, I like to think these crispy ingredients are what adds to the winning taste of the salad. On the same visit, we also tried the Moh Hinga (a comforting creamy catfish noodle soup with eggs and crispy maize chips), Mint Chicken (as the name implies, not too different from Chinese chicken with black pepper sauce), Pumpkin Pork Stew (highly recommend for pumpkin and stew lovers, meat is so tender) and the highly buzzed Coconut Rice. As mentioned before, this was our last night in the Bay Area, so we had to pack the leftover Pumpkin Pork stew to go. Even though it was "liquidy," we decided to take a chance and bring it through the security checkpoint at SFO. Not surprisingly we did get questioned, but we explained to the TSA agent how precious the Pumpkin Pork stew was and they actually gave us the green light to move ahead. *phew* It is quite challenging to find a Burmese restaurant that is trendy, accompanied with great service and delicious "almost authentic" dishes in Southern California. Although nothing beats a home-cooked meal by a loving Burmese mom, I don't want to bug my friend's mom all the time to cook for us. So I definitely recommend this place as an alternative! Just remember, do not leave Burma Superstar without trying the Tea Leaf Salad and Coconut Rice. Enjoy!
I would be willing to visit this restaurant hundreds of timesEach dish is worthy to be tried and I personally highly recommend 'Chili Lamb'There is always a long waiting line outside the restaurantbut the service is super great and high efficient
AMAZING. I'm from NYC and so by default I am an ethnic food snob. I was slightly skeptical that there could be good Burmese food in SF (of all places), but was incredibly surprised.GREAT food. Three words: tea leaf salad. I could eat this all day everyday. The wait is kind of unfortunate, but for good reason.
Really enjoyed this tasty food. Fortunately I arrived early and was able to get a seat right away. The waiter was extremely efficient and had our order eight minutes after we had been sat we had also already gotten our drinks. The food came out of the kitchen very quickly. The mango chicken was excellent as was the tea leaf salad but the noodle dish left us wanting a little more. All in all a very good experience.
First time here, and it was a great experience. We did not wait very long (~20 min) because we came around closing. The service and ambience were great! Burma Superstar is definitely down-to-earth and has more variety than other Burmese restaurants, e.g. Rangoon Ruby.We ordered for 4: Rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, Chili lamb, Nan Gyi Dok, Pork Curry with Potatoes, and Coconut rice. My fav dish was the pork curry! The description of the dish has pickled mangoes, but the mangoes are shredded and add a nice finishing touch to the dish. The chili lamb was great, but spicier than I had anticipated. Well, I guess I should have figured since the dish is called CHILLI lamb.. The salads are amazinggg. Everyone orders tea leaf salad because of its unique taste, but I sometimes prefer rainbow salad instead because it has a lighter taste and is more fresh! In general though, I'm sure you can't go wrong with any dish on the menu. The only bad thing about this restaurant is the typical loooong wait, which is expected for these amazing restaurants in the city. Try coming near closing and the traffic is a lot more manageable (as long as you get seated 15 min before they close).
Decent place. Not worth the hype for me. I had to wait over an hour just to get a seat at a round table. Going there later around closing time is better. Tea lead salad is ok. Shrimp is tasty.ambience is a dismal 3/5. I'd rather go someplace else if taking guests or family. Unimpressed. It's also I. He middle of nowhere which makes it hard to find something else to do during the wait. (As opposed to a place in downtown SF )Parking is also a BIG problem even during weekend days!
Such interesting flavors!!! Very clean environment and good service. A cross between Thai food and Vietnamese, flavors are authentic and different. Will def be coming back here!
The food is here amazing. When we got here, there was a long wait. However, they will take your number and call/text you when your table is ready. Let me say the wait is quite ridiculous but this is what happens when it's so popular.Inside, the restaurant is super crowded. Also, note there is no air conditioning so the night we went, it was painfully hot. Like sweat into your food hot sadly.We split the Tea Leaf Salad, which was really good. We didn't think we'd love it because it looked and sounded odd but it was awesomely delicious.For my main meal, I got the Basil Chili Pork Belly. It was super spicy like they warned you. But it was so good. I got it with some Coconut Rice, which was out of this world delicious and the best I have ever had. I still miss that rice. But with the pork belly, it was such a good blend.I wish this place were closer because I would definitely hit it up regularly!
Haaaaay. I finally got to eat here a few nights ago. Feeling so hipster rynah. Don't mind me, just cuffing the pant legs of my vintage denim jeans and readjusting my non-prescription glasses with see-through frames.WAIT: T'was a Friday night. Party of 4. Took about 40-45mins to get seated. But on the bright side, they take down your phone number and call you when a table is ready. SERVICE: Considering how super packed it was, our waiter did well. No complaints. FOOD: Sesame chicken, basil chili pork belly, superstar shrimp, garlic noodles with duck, tea leaf salad. Everything except for one dish I did not enjoy. Can anyone guess? Yup! Sorry to say people but that tea leaf salad is not my jam. I know it's got a ton of fans and it's arguably what this restaurant is known for but I did not like it. I couldn't get over the overwhelming taste of tea. And yes, I can hear you yelling "what do you expect?! It's called 'tea leaf salad!'" To me, it was bitter to the point where it was almost tasting like bleu cheese and I can't eff with that. It's one of those flavors where people either love it or hate it. You can say my palette isn't refined blah blah blah. All I know is it wasn't my cup of tea. Pun intended. Other than the tea leaf salad (again, sorry not sorry), every dish I highly enjoyed and would totes recommend. I didn't get to try any of the curries or the samusas so I will definitely make my way here again some time soon. First experience with Burmese food and I wasn't mad at it.
If you visit San Francisco even for a day, you must visit this restaurant. The fermented tea leaf salad and the samusa soup is simply amazing. But here is the sad part, you have to wait at least an hour for a table in rush hours.We went there a few days back and devoured about three tea salads amongst us! The salad looks great, and the server tells you what all is in it (that was so fast that we could hardly catch any ingredient!). She mixed it well and then it tasted divine too. The samusa soup there was really good too.For main course, we ordered okra tofu, fiery vegetables with tofu, burmese style fried rice and the vegetarian noodles. While three other dishes were great in taste, the noodles were a disaster! The Thai ice tea there is just as good as any other Thai place.Definitely going back for the food, but I do not like how close the tables are placed with no space to walk between the tables.
One of my favorite restaurants in SF! All of the things I ordered are literally must have's. A bummer I can't remember them all or took pics, but they're all gr9.TEA LEAF SALAD.Flavorful and refreshing. Perfect starter. I also had a second salad, but it wasn't as memorable.OX TAIL.Super tender and saucy. You CANNOT go wrong with this. Get it with the coconut rice.COCONUT RICE.Seconds, please! It goes great with absolutely everything on the menu.NOODLES.Totally forgot which one I ordered because they have Burmese names, but refer to my picture. That was so good to have on the side of the tea leaf.Disregarding having to share a table with strangers because it was too packed and a bit loud...BEST. BURMESE. FOOD. EVER! I don't go to many restaurants where I can say I love everything out of the hecka many dishes ordered and would get them all again. But this place is IT! It's on the pricier side, but I think the food was worth it.
5 stars on everything: customer service, taste, and looks are all on point. The wait can be long depending on how big the party is. My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday night one time and it was packed. We found parking on the streets during dinner time which was nice. We got there and hostess told us it'd be a 30 to 45 minute wait. We put our names down and phone number to text us when our table is ready. We patiently waited by the bench and they have teas for you to drink while you wait. There's also a heater right below the bench which was nice bc nights in SF do get chilly. We finally got our table after 45 minutes of waiting. We knew right away on what to order. 2 mango lassi, coconut noodles, tea leaf salad and chicken and stir fry beef. Okay, the first thing you MUST order when you're here is the tea leaf salad. It is a MUST or else you don't deserve to eat here lol. Jk. Anyways tea leaf salad comes with many seeds and they all go so well with the salad. I can probably finish all the salad on my own but I'm nice enough to let my bf try it since he's never been here and had this amazing salad. I love that the waitresses and waiters explain what's in the things we ordered. That's definitely a plus! The coconut noodle soup is another MUST order. The soup has so much flavors I can eat it for days! We also ordered the beef stir fry which was yummy. Lots of red chili peppers lol. It goes awfully well with the coconut rice too! If you don't like coconut then get regular rice but you're missing out on life. We were too full to order desserts even though I really wanted to try some of their dessert but I'd definitely will be back to get some more of my tea leaf salad!!!
This place is worth the wait. The lunch special - Tea leaf salad and samosa soup is the perfect portion. Be careful if you have a work meeting after because you'll be battling with heavy garlic breath. I also recommend the Lamb Burmese style Curry or the Sesame chicken with a side of their coconut rice.They don't accept reservations so the wait can get pretty long but for good reason. They have two other locations in Oakland and Alameda in the East Bay if you're ever in the area.
My favorite of all the Burmese restaurants. I've loved every single dish I've ever had here. Not many restaurants can I say that about. I bring all of my out-of-town guests here to rave reviews. My favorites: tea leaf salad (and I don't like actual tea), lamb curry, chili lamb, pork & pumpkin curry, Bun Tay Kauswer noodles, the platha, the coconut rice... I could go on and on!
OMG. The food was awesome. A little bit of Burma,Nepal,India all rolled into one mouth watering dish after another. I would definitely recommend you order with the concept of family sharing because I pretty much had a bite from everyone's plate!Their version of the Malaysian roti canai is not going the same, but not a reason for me to drop a star for it. Hahahahaha. It was still delicious. If you're a carnivore, try their lamb curry. Just like mom used to make!!!
Burma Superstar is a small, charming little restaurant nestled in the Inner Richmond district of San Francisco. Although the restaurant may seem unassuming from the outside, it has a reputation as being one of the great Burmese restaurants in the Bay Area. In 2013, Burma Superstar was awarded Sunset Magazine's 2013 Best of the West Award for its famous Tea Leaf Salad.During my trip to Burma Superstar, I was accompanied by two good friends of mine, who also enjoy exploring different types of cuisine. When we began looking at the menu, the waiter explained to us that the restaurant is well known for its salads, and suggested that we order one. We decided to share a Rainbow Salad as an appetizer. The Rainbow Salad is a blend of 22 different ingredients including four types of noodles, green papaya, onions, and a tamarind dressing.For the main entrees, I ordered the Burmese Chicken & Shrimp Casserole and my friends ordered the Burmese Style Lamb Curry and the Pumpkin Pork Stew. We also ordered a side of coconut rice and platha (Homemade Indian influenced pan fried layered bread). I tried a little bit of each dish, and I would recommend any of of them. The chicken was served on the bone over biryani rice, raisins, and nuts. It really tasted well in combination with the shrimp and the platha. My friends were particularly impressed with the coconut rice. I think the best coconut rice I've had was in Jamaica a few years back, but the rice at Burma Superstar is a close second. In general, I think we were all very pleased with the dishes we ordered.I would encourage anyone to give Burmese food a try if you haven't already. Burma Superstar is a great place to start. Delicious food at a reasonable price, and the friendliest staff you'll meet. As the political climate of Burma (also known as Myanmar) changes, I think we will see more and more Burmese restaurants popping up around the US. Burma Superstar was definitely ahead of the curve, as it has been offering quality Burmese food since 1992.
Good food. Ridiculous wait. At least an hour on weekends and service was ok, friendly.
This place is on my short list of restaurants to take visitors. They've got a big, varied menu, and even though few of the vegetarian entrees impress me, the rest of the choices more than make up for it.Start with the samusa soup, obviously, and either the tea leaf (for your first visit) or the rainbow salad. Other excellent dishes are the wok tossed broccoli, the dry fried string beans, and the superstar vegetarian noodles. The shan noodles are also really tasty. For rice, get the coconut rice and/or the tan poi (rice seasoned with cinnamon and pearl onions).The sesame tofu is also a pretty good dish, but it's just tofu--glazed with a sweet candy sauce. It might remind you of the Chinese general Tso's chicken, except no broccoli. The curries take some getting used to: They aren't rich like Thai curries, and not thick like Indian curries. There's something sharp about the flavor that you might or might not like. Last I'll mention the okra tofu, which was described as a "dry chili stir fry", but was in fact very wet. I'd expected the okra to be cut small and dry fried to be chewy, but it was instead really big pieces. It was a tasty dish though! If you like okra at all, give it a try.
I am going to be brutally honest with you.It's not easy getting a spot at Burma Superstar at night. Having tried this amazing restaurant multiple times at the Oakland/Temescal location, it has been on my bucket list to check out the hype with the SF restaurant. The first time I came here was actually on my birthday. We came on a Sunday at around 6pm and were told that the wait would be 2 hours... They directed us to B Star (a sister restaurant), and like many other sad customers, I wasn't too thrilled about B Star sinceI knew the quality of Burma.But I finally had the chance to get inside this glorious establishment on a Friday evening. I had a medium party of 6 and we came right at 5pm to get seated. The wait was about 10-15 minutes because they were prepping our table and making sure we get there - your whole party has to be there and they don't take reservations - and so that definitely wasn't as bad as being sent away to B Star.Compared to the other locations in Alameda and Oakland, this one is probably the smallest. But it gives you that feel that you are in a remote destination far from the hustle and bustle of San Francisco. All my friends had not tried Burmese food before, and so I suggested the usual items I ordered at Burma: coconut rice, coconut rice, tea leaf salad, and more coconut rice.In total, we ordered about 5-6 dishes, which I will give a breakdown below.Tea Leaf Salad- Their Tea Leaf was definitely as good as the one in Oakland. It came out pretty quick, and we devoured it instantly since we had 6 at our table. For people who dislike vegetables, you are definitely going to like this salad. It's out of this world!Coconut Rice- The thing I like the most about Burma Superstar has to be how they cook their coconut rice. I've tried countless times to replicate it at home to no avail. It is so aromatic that you can smell the rice across the room! It tastes so soft and delicious in your mouth. You can just live off this side dish.Curry Beef- My friend really loves curry and so she got the Burmese Curry Beef. In all honesty, it tastes pretty decent, but I wouldn't really order this when I go to Burma again. I feel like you can get this dish at any other restaurant for cheaper. It didn't taste unique, but it did blend well with the rice. It reminded me of Randang. Garlic Shrimp- This was one of the recommended items on the menu, and so I took a chance with the Garlic Shrimp. It tasted pretty bomb, but I do not think it was worth $16. Like the Curry Beef, I'd suggest some other items on the menu like the ones below.Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup- Besides the rice, this was probably by far one of their best items. Even though we only got to sample a bit since we only got one order, this noodle soup is so simple yet amazingly delicious. I suggest you try this out for yourself and let me know how flavorful it is!Curry Noodles- Apparently, we ordered two different types of garlic/curry noodles, but they turned out to be really scrumptious! This is a safe choice if you don't know what to order.Overall, the food was worth it, the prices aren't too high, and the service was great. If I had to choose between going here and the one I always go to in Oakland, I'd choose the latter - it's much easier to get there and wait time is much shorter. However, Burma will personally be my #1 favorite restaurant in the Bay Area. It never disappoints in quality!Eat well and prosper,
The food at Burma Superstar is great. From all the other reviews you obviously know to get the tea leaf salad and rainbow salad - I've tried both and would choose the tea leaf salad over rainbow, but both are wonderful. Other dishes I would recommend are coconut rice, samosas and the Platha + dip. In terms of ambiance, it's nothing special, but that's just not really why you would come to Burma Superstar. My friend and I sat at the communal table (not ideal, but no wait) and the restaurant is generally loud and crowded, but despite all of these things I'd still recommend eating in the restaurant rather than doing takeout because the servers will assemble salads in front of you and I think it adds to the experience. Must-try!
Had the fortune of recently trying this place. The line is pretty bad. A friend told me to show up early and just put my name down because it would take forever. I didn't believe her .. and I definitely made a mistake. I ended up getting to the restaurant at 6pm to put my name down and then didn't get seated until 7:30pm. The good thing is that there's literally a million other things that you can do on Clement street so it's really not so bad since they'll call you when you're good.This place is pretty dark and just very loud in general. It's super popping and I was pretty surprised to see that there was still a wait even around 8pm or so... could have just been because it was a Saturday night? Area is definitely on the cramped side. My friend and I are both very new to Burmese food and really didn't know what to get... so we just went off of what our waiter suggested. We got the Burmese samusas, spicy and crispy chicken, superstar shrimp, and the Shan noodlesSamusas--loved this and would highly recommend. We got the lamb samusas and they were just flavorful and yummy. Really great pockets of flavor and their sauce really added quite a bit to it.Spicy and crispy chicken --def wouldn't recommend this. The food was good, but the bigger issue I had was that it was just like General Tso's chicken... but the breading tasted better. If I'm going to get something unique at a restaurant, I don't want it to take like crappy fake Chinese food. The flavor was actually pretty good, but I just think that you're better off saving your stomach space for something else.Superstar shrimp--this was actually pretty solid. The chili and garlic sauce is excellent and really accentuates the flavors of the shrimp. It's also good shrimp cuts--sometimes restaurants can end up serving you really crappy shrimp but this was quite good.Shan noodles--This was pretty good. I think it was just nice to have a noodle/rice dish to pair off your meal which is why we got this. It was good but nothing exceptional. I guess it is a tomato sauce but it's not like... a pasta tomato sauce or anything. It's really flavorful and a lot of stuff going on in the dish so that's good.All in all, now that I've had Burmese food... my impression is that it's got a lot of complicated flavors going on, but I dig it. It's pretty good.The final price was actually $27 pre tip/person which was a lot cheaper than we expected. That's pretty reasonable for dinner at the end of the day.tldr; pretty yummy! not sure I like it enough to go back, but it's worth trying and quite good
Everything i tried here has been amaze balls! First time we tried it the explosion of flavor was so different! I'm used to eating thai,Indian and Vietnamese food, but this was something else! We wanted to try it for so long but the line always put us off. Then one day there was no line. Now we understand why there was always a line! The tea leaf salad is so yummy! All the curries so good too, and the mint chicken! The flavors blend so well together! Actually I'm sure everything on their menu is amazing. Also their staff is so nice! They always give me compliments which makes me happy
3.5 StarsThis is long overdue, but I think it's because I was not OMG or WOW as the place has been hyped up to be...My go to Burmese restaurant is Mingalaba in Burlingame, but I've heard so many things about Burma Superstar, I had to come here! Despite the lines & long waits that this place is notorious for, we only waited 30 minutes to be seated. YAY! So far so good! (Party of 3, name on the list at 8pm on a Sunday). Staff was friendly & service good, but but I didn't fall in love with the food! Don't get me wrong the food was good, but not super stand out to me. We ordered the Lamb, Coconut Rice, Tea Leaf Salad & Coconut fritters with coconut ice cream & strawberries. Fresh & Tasty, but not my favorite or HELLA delicious.Maybe we came on an off day? Maybe we didn't order the right items? I mean I really, really like B Star Bar & love Mingalaba, but those are fusions! Mingalaba is Burmese + Chinese, while B Star Bar is Thailand, China, India + CA fusion, so I'm determined to return since Burma Superstar is strictly Burmese food!
I went here with my boyfriend during a vacation to San Fran about three and a half months ago and I'm still dreaming about the Tea Leaf and Rainbow Salads. TO. DIE. FOR. My boyfriend, a food enthusiast, and I were brought here by a friend and native San Franciscan. I must say, I wasn't thrilled with the suggestion at first but the flavors I tasted at this restaurant were mind blowing and life changing. Beware that you and your clothes will smell like garlic for the next 72 hours. But totally worth it! Come hungry so that you can try lots of different things. Love, love, love this place! Can you please open a location in New York???
I now hold high standards for Burmese cuisine after coming here for my first Burmese meal.There was a 45 minute wait and the hostess will give you a call when your table is ready, so you'll have time to park your car or wander the streets for dessert options.The restaurant interior is very small and it was very warm. We happened to go during a heat wave so it was 88 degrees outside and quite possibly mid 80s inside as well. Very limited space to walk since the tables are very close together, but none of that matters when your food is in front of you.If you have never had Burmese food before, your server will be nice enough to give you a rough breakdown on what is popular on the menu and give you recommendations based off of what you like to eat or what you are looking to eat. Service was really great for such a small busy restaurant.We got started with the Chicken Samusas and Tea Leaf Salad (I'll abbreviate with TLS). The curry dipping sauce for the samusas was not spicy at all and gave our appetizer a really nice, strong flavor. I was really impressed by the TLS, which was a mixture of fermented tea leaves, peanuts, romaine lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, sesame seeds, fresh tomatoes, jalapenos, and dried shrimp. The server will mix all the ingredients thoroughly for you to enjoy, just be sure you look out for the ingredients in case of allergy restrictions. I'm a veteran salad hater and I loved the TLS. It wasn't featured on the Food Network for nothing!For our entree, we ordered the Nan Pia Dok (flat flour noodles with a chicken coconut curry sauce, string beans, split yellow pea, cabbage, and chilies). Again, the server will mix the ingredients thoroughly. For the extra curry, we used it to drench our coconut rice, which you can honestly enjoy even without an entree to accompany it.You can see the influence from Thai, Indian, and Vietnamese cuisine from these dishes, but Burmese food is in a category of its own. I can't see why you will be disappointed from your meal here.
Amazing, amazing restaurant. Excellent food and service, am definitely coming back! I went with two girl friends (one of whom was vegetarian, so we went full veggie - many delicious options for vegetarians #noregrets), and we ate squeaky clean every dish. We got the tea leaf salad (as noted below, worth the hype!), samosas, pea shoots, superstar vegetarian noodles, and fried bread (smothered with condensed milk goodness and topped with fresh fruit) for dessert
We waited probably an hour for our table (45 minutes before we got a call back, and another 15 minutes standing awkwardly in the lobby waiting for a table to clear). The service was friendly but inconsistent - we had to flag them a number of times for water, ordering food, bill. And the place was SO HOT. I know it was unseasonably warm for SF (in the 70s and 80s even at night in August), but still I was uncomfortable and only one of their ceiling fans was working (and not the one above us!)The food was good. We had their famous tea leaf salad, and it was unusual and good (different from anything I had had before - with some fermented paste on top - super interesting - I like being surprised). The catfish dish was also good - although the fillets were so big that the flavor didn't really make it past the breaded outside. Very generous portions and we were able to save enough for dinner the next night. This was also because we ordered two entrees and an appetizer which was way too much food for 2 people. Our other entree was disappointing. It was the garlic noodles with broccoli, and I've had really awesome garlic noodles and this was just meh. We ended up saving most of it and recooking it with shallots and sesame oil and salt and it was way better then. The catfish was also better the next day, having sat in its sauce for a while and then being broken up into smaller pieces and recooked.
The tea leaf salad here is worth the wait to get a table alone. We have been coming here to the one in San Francisco for years, and visit the one in Oakland fairly regularly as well. Both have consistently delicious Burmese food and you can't find a bad item on the menu. We typically also get the curry okra and try out different cocktails every time we are there. One of our favorite is the lychee martini. Prices are moderate for the quality of food, but fairly high for traditional Burmese food. I suppose this is what you get when you make it a little trendy. Good for groups of people or couples. Maybe not the best for families or singles seating is somewhat limited and I can't get fairly loud here. Parking can be a bit challenging, so if you're with others, drop them off to put their name on the list while you find a place for the car.
I came here alone [which I typically don't do] to find the most friendly service around. The most unique thing about this place is their approach to serving the dish, they mix up the salad or noodles right at the table allowing you to see all of the components seperately.The flavors were good, i would call it a mild mix of indian curry forward flavors with thai peanut/chive/green onion flavors. Will return.
This place live up to all expectations we had! Wow, very dynamic flavors and variety of foods on the menu. I don't think a person could go wrong ordering anything off the menu. Wish I lived in San Fran and could come back again and again. Beware of the wait though. I went on a Monday night in January and had a 45 minute wait.
LOVED the food at Burma superstar and can't wait to go back on my next visit to San Francisco. We called ahead in a Monday night and only waited about ten minutes outside. We were quickly seated and our waitress was very helpful with suggestions from the menu. We LOVED the tea leaf salad (prepared tableside) and traditional Burmese chicken and shrimp casserole. We also enjoyed the coconut shrimp and coconut rice. We were not as fond of the nan gyi Dok, but that may have just been our preference for thinner noodles. Overall, the food was delicious, servers friendly, and restaurant clean and nice looking. It is a popular spot so I'd recommend calling ahead if possible.
I am officially obsessed with Burmese food. Especially, that amazing tea leaf salad!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Why can't I have more, please?! Why do I live so far away?! As most of my friends know -- I am not a fan of salads... at all. But this one stole my heart. I could eat this every damn day. I think it was the variety of crunch factors in the salad: fried garlic, fried lentils, peanuts and also, I'm a huge fan of dried shrimp! We also ordered the chili lamb, garlic and chili shrimp and the samusa soup... but I know my homies were getting tired of me constantly talking about that salad!! I want more, please. Hopefully sooner than later!
Yum, lives up to the hype!On Sunday at noon there was no wait for 2, so I was slightly concerned. Entree prices are ($10-$18). Had Thai iced tea ($3) and Lychee iced tea ($4), which were both watery--pass on drinks and opt for free water!Rainbow salad ($11) was so yummy and more filling than regular salads since there are 3 varieties of noodles included. Flavorful, slightly spicy, so good!Chili lamb ($16.5) was so flavorful, slightly spicy, and not too fatty. Eat with the coconut rice ($2.75)--such a delicious combo! Highly recommended!Glad we finally made our way out here, will be back often!
I don't quite understand what the hype is about this place even after I gave it a second chance. Maybe I didn't order the right items or I'm just not too big of a fan in Burmese food.There are so many parties waiting outside but the plus side is that tea is served which is perfect on cold SF nights. We were seated right next to the entrance behind the curtain so unknowing customers coming in would accidentally tap us. With so many people raving about the tea leaf salad, I decided to give it a try and I don't think it was for me. I think the salad had way too many ingredients in it and the dressing was a bit too strong. This time I tried to go with a safe option for the entree, Burmese style curry with beef with some coconut rice and the beef was tender and the curry went well with the rice. Overall, I think some of the dishes are okay, but it does not justify the wait time and the hype.
I'm not going to be that person desperate to tell you my boring life story and make you suffer through it in order to read about a restaurant. I'm just going to say, good service. Great food. Kapeesh.
Definitely call in to leave your name beforehand, the wait is long! I came as a group of four and called about an hour before. The Tea Leaf Salad is a crowd favorite. It's very flavorful but all the different ingredients compliment each other well! I tried the Pork Curry which came with pickled mangoes and the Nan Pia Dok, a coconut chicken curry noodle dish. The pork was so tender! However, I wasn't a big fan of the noodle dish because of how creamy the sauce was. The servers are friendly and the atmosphere is lively but the restaurant is very cramped. Tables and chairs are very close to each other so it can get pretty crowded. For it being my second time trying Burmese food, the food was great!
I never write reviews, but Burma Superstar deserves one. Four of us visited on Sunday evening. We called in an hour in advance and put our name on the list. We arrived an hour later, grabbed a drink at a bar nearby, and received a call saying our table was ready shortly thereafter.FOOD: Platha and Dip: loved it so much we ordered more platha with our meal. 5/5Tea Leaf Salad: delightful, not as amazing as the other reviews claimed but it was probably just the hype that made it less impressive. I would get it again. 4/5Samusa soup: delicious. I adored the hearty feel and slightly tangy taste, so I give it a 5/5Pork Curry with Potatoes: I don't eat pork but my dining companions loved it.Coconut rice: pairs very well with the entrees. Ordered more because it was that good. 5/5Steak Kebat: quality, tender steak. less adventurous flavor (read: not curry or coconut) but superb in what it aims to be. 5/5Nan Gyi Dok: noodles are not al dente but this isn't an italian restaurant. The flavor seemed mild in comparison to some of the other dishes, but we love our food bold and spicy. Judging the dish on its own, it's honestly fantastic. 4.5/5SERVICE: food was stellar but the service was impeccable. 6/5I'm going to be honest, I completely knocked over a full glass of red wine. I was so eager when the Nan Gyi Dok arrived that I flailed my arms in excitement. It splashed onto the jeans of a guy at the next table. I know, sloppy. My friend was so mortified. Everyone was mortified. It was awkward. My mess was taken care of instantaneously by the staff. Not only did our waiter immediately bring them free dessert, but he brought me a new full glass of wine. No questions asked, and never implying that I was at fault (definitely) or that I was drunk (I was a little). This is honestly the best possible way I could have imagined the situation being handled. There wasn't much that I could do about the poor guy's jeans, but the awkwardness was smoothed over so quickly it was like my transgression never occurred. Perfect service, that which rivals the fanciest restaurants or even tops them. (Also props to the guy for not being angry. I am so sorry!)IN SUM: Food is as amazing as everyone says. Burma does a great job managing the wait (call ahead and see if you can put your name down!). The food arrives quickly, and the service is bar none. FOOD 5/5 + SERVICE 5/5, so a solid overall 3/5.JUST KIDDING. I'm not a crazy nonsensical Yelper who says everything was perfect but give a rating of 3. (Seriously, why do people do this??) Burma Superstar wholeheartedly deserves a 5/5.
My family and I came in around 2pm on a Thursday, and we were seated practically immediately.Everything was delicious! And it was worth eating as the first real meal for the day after driving for ~6 hours.My family and I ordered the tea leaf salad, garlic noodles with duck, and (per my request) pumpkin pork stew. The tea leaf salad was very refreshing to eat and had many different ingredients that I forget what they were, but it doesn't matter to me because I enjoyed every bite. I did enjoy awkwardly staring at one of the workers tossing the salad. Who knew there was actually an effective method to mixing?Next up, I tried the garlic noodles with duck. It was pretty good. Probably not the healthiest of dishes we ordered, so might want to stay away from that if you're looking for something light. The duck pieces were tender bits of goodness, if that helps with picking out your choice of meat.Last came the pumpkin pork stew. I have absolutely no complaints about this dish, but I may be biased because I absolutely love pumpkins! Pork was good. Not as tender as the duck, maybe because the duck was chopped/shredded into small bits, but the pork was still soft enough that it was still an easy chew!I'm giving a 4-star rather than a 5-star, not because there was anything wrong with the quality of food, but because of personal preference of food. I would still recommend this restaurant to anyone willing to try!
It lived up to the hype!Calling an hour ahead of a time on a Tuesday night worked like a charm, we were seated immediately. Skip the plain white rice and order coconut rice instead, it was subtly sweet and jazzed everything up. The chicken curry was hearty and flavorful, especially since it was mild without a hint of spice. The curry lamb was good as well, but it gave your jaw a workout chewing it. The tea leaf salad was interesting. It was cool to try (when else could I try fermented tea leaves?), but wasn't amazing. I don't feel the need to order it again. The lychee sangria was delicious, and the medium size was perfect for 1 person, as it fills 2.5 glasses and is enough to give you a nice buzz with your dinner. We tried the coconut dessert which was incredible! Jelly-like in texture, it was sweet, creamy, and unique. The decor was cozy, homey, and comfortable. The customer service was also great.I'll definitely be going again!
Just wow, everything they have on the menu is unbelievably delicious. We started off with samosa soup, and after first bite everybody looked at each other and said wow this is good. We also ordered rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, & calamari for appetizer to start our meal. Both the salad were delicious & this has to be one of the best calamari i've had. For our main course we ordered Pumpkin Pork Stew, Mint Chicken, garlic noodles, Burmese curry & coconut rice. They all had unique taste to it which I truly enjoy. I will be coming back here when i'm in town again.
Another 5 stars experience! I was here about 5 times for the past 5 months and always having great experience! This afternoon I ordered my favorites: coconut rice, garlic noodle with duck, tea leaf salad and lychee mojitos! My friend ordered the tofu tower and it was delicious!!The waiter the skinny lady I am sorry I forgot her name is always sooo accommodating! Will return again soon!!
So perhaps this was a function of what we ordered or how incredibly hyped up this place was when we finally ate here: I thought the food was good, but not much better than some of the good thai food that I usually go for. The pumpkin pork stew and the fiery chicken were both strong in flavor although I have two complaints: my chicken was definitely undercooked and the palatha appetizer was quite greasy. So yeah, I recommend this place, but a little confused about what all the hype is for, turned out to be a bit anticlimactic.
I have to give this place 5 stars. The food was excellent. The only thing i didn't care for was the salad that i had. ... thats nothing major. The house drink was delicious and im not really a drinker. This was my favorite restaurant that i visited while in san francisco. If i ever get the chance to fly back to the west coast... this will b a spot I'll be dining at again. It was well worth the wait. The waiters were polite as well so thats always a plus. Also the prices were reasonable as well. We had the fiery lamb and shrimp curry as the main dish
Save yourself a headache and go elsewhere. Food is overrated, service is slow, seating is cramped and way too noisy.Came here at 5pm on a Saturday, still had to wait 30minutes. Its crazy how many people come here because they are featured on food network. We started with the tea leaf salad, the most common dish here. There is nothing "salad" about this dish other than lettuce. The tea leaf sauce tastes just how you think...like tea. Except its very thick and pasty. This makes the salad very dry. They also added a lot of nuts to this dish, which makes it even more dry. So you get a pasty dry nutty salad, which tastes mostly nutty with a hint of tea. Ehh me think not..1/5 stars.Next came the burmese lamb curry. It came out looking delicious, one bite into the meat and i was very disappointing. The large chunks of meat are dirt dry and has no flavor. I wasnt sure if i took a bad piece, so after eating a few more chunks of lamb..i realize they are all dry and overcooked with no seasoning. I am sorry but you cant serve a whole bowl of overcooked jerky like meat to me, that's kitchen crime! The curry sauce is okay, on the milder side with a hint of spice. I prefer thai curry. And why are they charging extra for even white rice? Do they expect anyone to have this curry with no rice? 1/5 stars.Nan Gyi Dok - After two very disappointing dishes, this one was good and the only thing worth filling my tummy with. The coconut curry sauce is very tasty, a hint of thai pepper. The noodles are meant to be slurped up with the sauce. I prefer larger chunks of chicken versus the sparsely tiny pieces of leftover chicken pieces. Would be better if they just grilled a chicken skewer on top, because the chicken adds little value to the delicious coconut curry sauce. Atmosphere - Way too loud, crowded and cramped seating. They tried to squeeze as many tables as possible into too small an area.Service - Slow, they only had two waiters running the place and it took forever to order, get water, and get check. About the only fast thing was the food coming out.Food - Overrated, overpriced, asian food. Save yourself the time and just go to a local thai restaurant, you will walk out happier and more satisfied.
A solid 4 star experience. Came here on a Saturday night (the day right after Christmas), and the place does get packed quickly!We ordered the tea leaf salad, spicy crispy chicken, mint chicken, and coconut rice. Out of the 4, the most memorable dishes were the tea leaf salad and the coconut rice. The chicken dishes were great, but not worth waiting in line for (imho). The staff are very friendly and attentive. It was a busy, but small restaurant. The food came quickly, which is always great! Portion size was appropriate. The reason why I give this place a 4/5 is because while I think this place is definitely worth visiting, it's not a place that I would wait in line for 30-45 minutes.
Burma Superstar was worth the hype! My hubby and I went to Burma Superstar on a last minute decision. We have seen the crowds outside and we wanted to try it for ourselves. We were not disappointed. We ordered the Tea Leaf salad, which may be the best salad I have ever had. The mixture of salty and sweet, crispy and soft, and spicy and mild were perfect! We got the Pumpkin Pork Stew, and it was tender and fragrant. I got the coconut rice, and I ate the whole thing by myself. I didn't even share with my hubby- lol. We also got an okra dish, which was very good, too.By the time the Grilled Catfish came, I was already full. But I kept eating. It was that good. The skin was golden and crispy, and it was smooth and tender on the inside. Wait - we also ordered dessert. We got the black rice pudding with fruit. It was excellent. It was not too sweet, and the fruit was fresh. A good end to a delicious meal.We were glad to find out that Burma Superstar was worth the hype. We would definitely go back, and try other dishes. I was looking at my neighbors' dishes (since the tables are very close together), and I liked what they ordered, too. Until next time!!!
Finally! Was able to get in be not have to default to B Star but that was only after a 2 hour wait, yes I can't believe I waited this long either. If you are willing to wait against a very long list despite there only being two couples outside, it seems like you should just call and get your name on the list though they do not take "reservations". After getting a table, ordering was seamless though my friend ordered a soda that was flat and it took 10 mins to correct it with the server indicating their soda machine was broken. The tea leaf salad is a must. The sesame chicken was good and the curry noodles was ok. All in all would recommend it, otherwise skip the line and B star down the street is just as tasty.
Oh, the ever-so-popular Burma Superstar! It's good but not sure if it warrants all the hype it gets. There are some really good dishes here but there are also a few that just fall flat. I wouldn't wait more than 20 minutes in line to eat here.  Let's get the particularly BAD one out of the way: garlic egg noodles with duck, arugula, cucumbers, daikon sprouts, shallots, chili oil - mostly just very sour and mushy. ick. The good: tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, kau soi (coconut chicken noodles), and the pot pie.
Tea leaf salad was GREAT! The other 3 dishes were nothing special. Portions are medium. For 4 things among 2 people there was nothing left to box up. They didn't refill our waters. They do have a heater above the waiting bench outside which keeps you warm while you wait, and there is also tea for the waiting people. The smell outside while waiting and the waitresses were really nice.
Excellent food I feel like a change in the Asian cuisine this is a wonderful place to go in San Francisco to today
The combination and balance of flavors and textures are fantastic. The service was also exceptional. The staff were attentive without being intrusive, and seemed genuinely good-natured. We arrived between 4:30pm and 5pm, and were seated with the first batch of diners. I definitely think Burma Superstar is worth the wait if you're not in a rush. The tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and coconut rice are "musts." Other than that, I'm pretty confident that any other dish that strikes your fancy will be delicious.
Always heard about this place, and was finally in the area near opening time and hopped in with no wait.Place is very nice inside, service was awesome (and super quick).Tea Leaf Salad - 5 stars. Just an awesome dish, such a great balance of soft and crunchy, citrus/salty/spicy/umami.Pork Curry - 4.5 stars. Our helpful waiter recommended this as the best of their curry dishes (pork was the best meat). Didn't try the other meats, but loved this. The curry was bold and spicy (it felt like a rich, tomato based sauce), and the pork was really tender. Awesome.Coconut Chicken Curry Noodles - 3 stars. Noodles were not very good (thin and seemed overcooked) and curry was pretty weak compared to the other two dishes, felt watered down.Overall a really good meal.
If this was Jesus Christ Superstar I wouldn't sing Hosanna! from the mountaintops but I would go to confession.If this was the movie Superstar I wouldn't do the Razzle Dazzle but I'd probably make out with a tree. The chicken and shrimp casserole was really good and the tea salad is a must from a unique taste and foodie trophy on the mantle perspective. The pork and pumpkin stew was a little disappointing.
LOVE, LOVE this place! It's also the first time I've ever had Burmese food and I've been back twice in one month and sought out other Burmese restaurants to satisfy my cravings. I give five stars alone for the exceptional service from the sweet owner herself (and I would say, she's the real superstar!)Burmese food is a mix of Indian, Chinese, and Malaysian flavors with an emphasis on salads composed of many different ingredients. There's always a wait, but it moves pretty quickly. Tea Leaf Salad - the must-try item at any Burmese restaurant and the version here was amazing. I've never had a salad quite like this with so many different ingredients and texturesPlatha and Dip - similar to Indian roti and chicken coconut curry sauce. The fried bread can be a bit greasyRainbow Salad - is more like a noodle salad and served at room temperature. Very good textures. spicy and crispy chicken - this dish was a little disappointing since it tasted like General Tso's chicken. Nan Gyi dok - noodle dish mixed with the same curry served with the Platha Would highly recommend this place for anyone willing to dip their forks into Burmese cuisine
Always a treat to eat here.Usually get to go from here as i live in Sacramento.The food has been always amazing, i would suggest Platha and Dip, Chicken noodle soup, Beef Curry and Coconut rice.
I went into this meal with very few expectations just for the fact that it's so overly rated and every time we drive down the block there's a line out the door. And those are not locals my friends. The only reason we came here was to appease friends that were in town and wanted to test it out.We showed up about a half hour before they open doors because let's face it if I have to wait in line for a hour to sit down for any meal in San Francisco, you're doing it wrong here. Surprisingly we were one of the first ones to show up. We expected to put our names on the list and be one of the first ones sat but they assured us that we'd get in no problem. That was until the hoards of people started flocking around like vultures to get seated first. It was so unorganized, the hostess tried to awkwardly get us all in one line with little success. Once we did get sat in a very cramped, hot, uncomfortable dining arrangement. The service was one of the worst we've experienced here in the city. The server maybe came by twice, once to take a drink order and once to take our food order. Then the food started coming out before our drinks even. Overall nothing special and it was overpriced. Skip it and go across the street to King of Thai. Much better food for the cost and service.
What great customer service and delicious food! I was skeptical about trying Burmese food for the first time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find this wonderful little restaurant in a part of town I don't usually visit.While only waiting for five minutes to be seated the waiter offered my guest and I herbal tea while we sat outside and explored the menu. We decided on trying both the tea salad and the rainbow salad. And two appetizers to split. We also both got drinks and a plate of noodles to split. The total was around $60 but it was well worth it and we left more than satisfied. Throughout our meal we were never pestered or annoyed, only helped and smile that by the friendly and hospitable staff. Honestly, the iced tea was my favorite part of the meal. Not too sweet and not to bitter honestly one of the better iced teas I've had. 10/10 would go (and will go!) again.
Totally worth the wait on a Friday night. We waited for roughly 1h, but there are plenty of bars nearby, so no problem. The Sticky Fingers were just fantastic, pork ribs in a soy and wine sauce. And then came the spicy crispy chicken that even topped the pork fingers. The vegetable curry was very, very good, too. So, they cannot only do meat!Absolutely recommended...
Expectations heavily impact experiences. My review is solely regarding the wait time for the restaurant. The food looks good.We were quoted a one hour wait time around 6 pm, which turned into 2.5 hours. Although I assume others were having the same problem, there were numerous parties of the same approximate size being seated before us.Not sure what happened, but not a good way to spend a night. Sorry.
The food just wasn't that memorable. The tea leaf salad was certainly varied and unique but most of the other flavors just didn't engage on a level that merited all the hype. And yes, the parking is impossible and the wait is horrific.
This place is every bit as good as advertized.They don't take reservations, so I recommend getting there early, and/or off hours, but you will be so glad you went.
We got different dishes that the server recommended. The tea leaf salad was good but not great. Not mind blowing. The service here is good and they like to mix the food for you. Don't get the calamari. It came out cold and it wasn't crispy. The garlic noodle wasn't great either. It was very bland. Overall it was ok but not great
I've eaten here twice now. I don't remember waiting an hour the first time, but truly the food is delicious! We ordered:Tea leaf salad (Make sure you get lemon in there, for some reason they didnt put lemon in ours this time. Lemon makes a big difference!)Platha- the naan type of bread with curry dipping sauce- that was whatevers.Chili Lamb- Sooo delicious! Everything about this dish was good. Lots of spices but wasn't spicy, not too sweet or salty. It was just flavored right. Mo Hinga (Catfish curry stew/soup)- so good with lemon. Great dish! I added more heat, asked for hot chili flakes and sauce. =DCoconut rice was great!Only downfall to my experience was the slow service (after waiting an hour- even tho they estimated 30min wait), but I guess that comes with the territory or having endless people waiting to eat here. It took us like 10min to get a waiter to order our food =( but they are so quick with the bill. haha
Chicken curry - VERY goodRainbow salad - very goodTea leaf salad - I think I'll need two of these the next time I go here. Absolutely superb.Beef oranges - ordered it, didn't try it - my brother was a huge fan of itLamb curry - ordered it, didn't try it - my mom said it was super delishSamosas - very good!Vegetarian samosa soup - yes!Ginger lemonade - so good!!!!Overall, the place is really small. If you're okay with that kind of setting, then by all means, please wait the 20 mins and eat here.
First burmese restaurant I've dined at. Very busy due to space and lack thereof, giving the restaurant the impression of perhaps serving great food. Even though it was my first burmese restaurant experience, burmese cuisine isn't new to my palate. I will have to say that the food was very mediocre, not authentic. I guess it's like most ethnic restaurants, the dishes are often misrepresented and diluted to appeal or accommodate general demographic. This to me, losses it's originality. For example: Laphet is served with lettuce, sunflower seeds? Are they being stingy with tea leafs? Also leaving out ingredients like yellow split peas, lima beans, fresh garlic, fresh chillies.Mohinga, good broth but the condiments like lime, dried chile flakes, fish sauce should come on the side (also the fried split peas fritters should arrive at the table crunchy, not soggy). Laphet and Mohinga are two national dishes and they went and modified it. As if the original ingredients were unavailable or the original way of serving these dishes weren't good enough.Quite honestly, I was excited to introduce burmese cuisine to some new friends but the service ( attentiveness, knowledge of food) and complete dining experience was disappointing.But the restaurant itself is doing well according to the reviews. I'm disappointed by my own expectations.
One of my top 5 favorite restaurants in the bay! The food was so good and on point! Coconut rice is a must here, my husband doesn't even like anything with coconut but the coconut rice blew us away and it complements the beef curry that we ordered. The portion wasn't generous thou so you might need 2 orders because it's insanely delicious. I highly recommend the chicken with fresh basil which is my favorite here, so flavorful. Platha dip is to die for. Seriously, so delicious! The bread was perfect with the coconut chicken curry sauce, so tasty. The hype is real so make sure to try this burmese restaurant if you're in the bay. Be prepared to wait for more than an hour but it's worth it.
I havent reviewed this yet?! Oh my word. I love Burma Superstar so much that every person who visits the city is lovingly dragged here by me. Our most recent dinner here was most impressive. Chicken curry noodles - cited as the favorite dish of two of the wait staff on two separate occasions & I can see why! It is the flavor epitome of Burmese cuisine. Rainbow salad which has become the favorite over the tea leaf salad (didnt see this one coming!) - I reeeally enjoy the variety of noodles in this salad. Tea leaf and rainbow salad both stand out for their well balanced textural components. Rainbow salad though has juicier flavors. Tea leaf salad could use some more acidity, as simple as a few extra lemons, in my very humble opinion. Vegetable samusa soup - again, textures are amazing. Broth amazing. Mildly tangy. Just so flavorful but not overwhelmingly so. It's damn good, just try it!
Does the world need another opinion about Burma Superstar? Probably not but here it is anyway. I had not really been exposed to Burmese food when I lived in SoCal and my friend, who also moved to SF from SoCal, took me here.Burma Superstar has gotten too famous for its own good. The insanely long line heightens the already high expectations. The signature Tea Leaf Salad is good enough but it's not OMG lifechanging. Many of the dishes on the menu seem like standard Chinese food and I was disappointed to find a fairly limited selection of true Burmese cuisine. Given the number of non-Burmese diners at the restaurant, I also question the authenticity of the food.Let's not also forget that a meal at Burma Superstar is also not cheap...and I am cheap.
This place is just awesome, which explains the stories of long lines. I had an early lunch on a Saturday and was seated immediately, but Fri-Sat dinner might be more of a challenge. The location on Clement is nice, especially when visiting Golden Gate Park or the Presidio, but parking is terrible.I had the Chili Lamb with a side of Platha Bread. The Chili Lamb was excellent. Think a much better version of Mongolian Beef. Tender, flavorful lamb stir-fried with chilies and onions and a savory sauce. The real winner was the Platha Bread. This wonderful bread is like a cross of Indian fry bread and a biscuit. Deep-fried and flaky, this bread complimented the heat and spice of the lamb wonderfully. Highly recommended.I will come back here as soon as possible to try everything else on the menu.
Delicious and worth the trek!My husband and I decided to bike to this establishment from the Tenderloin area for our last day of vacation. An easy 25 minutes later, we parked in front and even though it was 8 minutes before they opened, there was already a short line of people waiting to get in.The service was excellent and our server, a sweet woman was funny and thanked us for coming in. I told her that our good friend recommended the place and she asked us to thank them for the referral.Lunch time prices were reasonable and decided to get a soy Thai iced tea (they did bring me a non soy by mistake but quickly apologized for the error and brought me a new one immediately). We got the tea leaf salad combo with samosa soup. This was so good, my husband really loved the soup. I liked the salad but the soup stood out more.He got a pumpkin curry stew with pork and coconut rice. He enjoyed it immensely. I got the Burma superstar curry with pork stew and coconut rice. LOVED it. There were shreds of ginger on top and the whole meal was filling but also felt so healthy to eat. I did not have a sense of regret from eating my meal.I would definitely come here again.
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco. There's always a wait so go right when it opens or plan on waiting in line for awhile (an hour or more). Nan gyi Dok is a must, along with the samosa soup.
We came in between service but still the queue to get in was impressive. I can see why there's a bench outside too. However we were fortunate on our first visit, getting a table for three within twenty minutes of arriving. Our friend recommended two items for us to all share: the vegetarian samusa soup and the fermented tea leaf salad. The flavourful soup was made with curried-potato stuffed samusas, broken up falafels, lentils, cabbage, and onions. The soup went very quickly but that tea leaf salad went even quicker! The salad is mixed together table side and it's cool to watch the server blend the lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, sesame seeds, fresh tomatoes, jalapenos, and dried shrimp. I snapped photographs during the process, if you're curious. We also ordered some platha and coconut chicken curry dip, some garlic and chili shrimp, chili lamb, and coconut rice. Don't judge. We were hungry! I absolutely loved my fresh lychee iced tea and the service was stellar. I found the tables to be a little cramped and if you have accessibility issues, you might have some difficultly maneuvering around. I'm sure they can accommodate you though but you might have to wait for a table by the door.I learned that this place has been around since the 90s and as far as I'm concerned, I'd give them six stars. I would definitely return the next time I am in town with my husband, even if it's just to get some takeaway tea salad for a picnic elsewhere!
Came here on a Sunday evening with some of my friends. We called in about an hour before so we were seated very quickly. Definitely call in beforehand if you're deciding to come here to eat because the wait time starts at around 30 minutes and only goes up from there during dinner time. The restaurant is a little small and cramped, but the seating is very comfortable. The restaurant is also pretty warm. Parking is extremely difficult to find, so be sure to put your name down before you go and find parking.I've only had Burmese food once and I didn't enjoy it too much. I decided to give it another chance after hearing people raving about this place and I was not disappointed. The restaurant has an expansive menu with something for everyone. I had the tea leaf salad, basil chili pork belly and the coconut rice. The tea leaf salad is a very interesting dish as it literally has your mouth going crazy with all the different flavors going on. My group of four split a single order of the tea leaf salad and we all agreed that it was enough for each of us. It isn't exactly the biggest serving size, but it tires out pretty quickly. The basil chili pork belly had bamboo, basil, jalapenos, onions, peppers, and pork belly. All the ingredients went very well with one another creating a flavorful dish. It had a very strong basil flavor however, which I think they could have cut back on a little. My favorite thing was definitely the coconut rice. It went very well with the pork belly and added a nice little sweet flavor to it.Overall, I give this place a 4.5 stars. The food was amazing and the service was good, but, the pricing for this place is a little steep for what you get, especially with the serving size of the rice. Definitely come check this place out if you're in the area.
I cannot say enough great things about Burma Superstar. Absolutely delicious Burmese food served in heaping portions, super friendly service, eclectic decor, and constantly packed with happy customers, Burma Superstar is an experience in itself. As one of those places where you want to try everything, I ordered the famous tea leaf salad which definitely did not disappoint and the Burmese chicken casserole, which was bursting with incredible flavor and spice, but was in no way too spicy. We finished by splitting the black rice pudding dessert, which was a lightly sweetened, gelatinous rice pudding that was nothing short of addictive! We had a fabulous time coming to Burma Superstar, and if you are a fan of Indian or Thai food, this is the place for you. Highly, highly, highly recommend!
Came here on a gloomy Sunday 15 minutes before the place opened. There was already a formed line which I actually had expected to be bigger. The host came around shortly after I got in the cue and took down everyone number of party. I wasn't sure if everyone in line would be able to get seated since I haven't been here before and didn't know the size of the space but thankfully we all fit (about 30) people. I hate waiting for food so it was a definite plus that we only had to wait for 15 minutes. Our party of three squeezed into a smallish spot which we didn't mind. As other reviewers have mentioned this place gets busy but the service is on par. I was very impressed by the amount of attention we got. As for the food we ordered: - tea leaf salad- samosa soup - nan gyiAlthough everything was pretty easy I would probably not order the soup again. Just a personal preference but I am not a huge fan of cumin and the soup tasted like it had some. It is also a very filling hearty dish so I felt like I was already full even though we were still on our first item. The tea leaf salad was delicious as usual but honestly the star of the meal was the nan gyi! It's a noodle dish served with veggies and meat but what makes it special is the spices! It kind of tasted a bit like Tom yum but I'm sauce form. Mmm that was really a delicious and unique taste. I would definitely come backs e the noodley goodness again.
I've been eating at Burma Super Star since they opened. Sadly I live 90 minutes from the city now, so only get there a couple times a year. Their food is reliably wonderful. I went last night and my friend I started by sharing the Tea Leaf Salad and the Fried Tofu. Both are unexpectedly delicious. The tea leaf salad is a unique mix of many flavors and textures including fried garlic, sesame seeds, dried chickpeas, and jalapeo. Unlike any other salad you've had, it's totally addictive too (the tea leaves are crushed with oil and lemon, and tossed into the salad as the dressing. The mixture comes all the way from Burma, preserved in banana leaves.) Regarding the fried tofu...I normally hate tofu, which made my life difficult in my vegetarian days. But this tofu is so good, I could eat it daily. It's made in-house from yellow beans, then pan fried and sprinkled with chili sauce. It's silky on the inside and crispy on the outside. For our main courses, my friend had the Nan Gyi Dok, which is what my husband also always gets. Large rice noodles in a creamy coconut sauce with chicken and veggies. I got the Shan Noodles, which are thin rice noodles in a tomato based sauce with chicken and cilantro and garlic and pickled peppers. Most Burmese places don't carry this dish because it's regional (very specific to one small part of the country), so I order it whenever I see it on the menu. I've never had a better version than here.We also had the Burmese rose tea, which was so fragrant and lovely, it brought tears to my eyes. It's made by steeping actual rose buds right there in your own little teapot. So special.Service is excellent and everyone is helpful and friendly. Be warned that this place is popular during lunch and dinner on the weekends, and there is often a line down the block. Totally worth the wait.
so unique and good. I was visiting a family member in san fran and she took us there. Everything was delicious and outstanding. The place is small and tight though. Apparently there is a very long wait but she did all that so I cannot comment on that.
Look, this restaurant gets it. Give them your phone number and they text you when you're table is ready. This is an awesome system which allowed my date and I to walk around the neighborhood and explore. You guys might think I am overreacting to their system but I ain't. Earlier on the same day, I dreadly waited over an hour in line at Mama's (NOT WORTH IT). Anyways, before I knew it, a text arrived and we hastily went back to Burma Superstar. I can't complain. There was absolutely nothing wrong with this place and everything went smoothly. Albeit, I may have been biased favorably for this restaurant after a mediocre experience at Mama's. We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Vegetarian Samusa Soup, and the Nan Gyi Dok. Tea Leaf Salad (Vegetarian): I loved it. I usually hate salads and always go for the meat option at restaurants. This salad was different though. It had the right kind of "salty" taste to it with no dressing (just the "salty" fermented tea leaf). My girlfriend thought there was too much peanuts but I thought it was great. The fried garlic completed the dish perfectly. I would get it again! I can't believe I am saying this about a salad.Vegetarian Samusa Soup:Again, I am usually a carnivore. I was highly sceptical on this dish but it says on the menu that even meat like this dish. I absolutely loved this dish and was for sure the highlight of our orders. You wouldn't be surprised if I told you there is meat in the soup (even though there really isn't). Nan Gyi Dok:This was good as well but the other two dishes were better. It had a hint of coconut in Thai curry which didn't drown the noodles. Noodles were soft and great. Can't really say much about it. Meat lovers rejoice. If you have to cater to a vegetarian friend, associate etc, this is the best place to go. At least for me. Yes I will come back. Excited to. Personal gripe: They take a while to fill your glass of water.
After a whole day of exploring the beautiful SF, we made our way to Burma Superstar for dinner. My party of 7 got there around 5:30 and they said it would be about an hour wait. So we decided to just walk around and explore all the local shops nearby. We killed some time at a book store down the street and spent the remaining time just standing in front of the store. The wait was ended up being over an hour, and probably close to 1.5 hour wait.Once we were seated, we decided to do family style and just share our food with the group. Of course, we order the tea leaf salad, which is what Burma Superstar is famous for. Besides that, we got the shrimp, garlic noodle, mango chicken, and lamb curry. I don't remember every little details about each dish that I tried but I just remember how salty everything was. I usually eat quite bland but I can handle strong flavors but it was a consensus within my group that everything we ordered was way too salty. I don't see what the hype is. The tea leaf salad is unique and refreshing but it did taste a little weird to my liking. But it is honestly the only thing I am glad I tried at this place.The restaurant overall, is quite small and dimly lit. Our total came out to $145 after tax and tip for 7 people. We left with our taste buds dying for water and our stomach not full because we couldn't bring ourself to finish all the salty food.
if you want to try sth different, this is the place to go. Nice staff and great food.
Came here on saturday evening. Waited for 2 hours to get a table. We ordered fiery chicken, veg delux curry, lemongrass salmon and tea salad. Food was good but not what i was expecting after reading all the reviews. It was not worth the 2 hour wait. I would say, i had better burmhese food in santa clara for much cheaper price.Staff was courteous and handled the busy situation very well.
One of the best meals I have ever had in my life!Burma Super Star was great from start to finish. We got there and put our name in and the wait wasn't that long...maybe 10 min on a Tuesday...and the service was good. The place is small, cozy and dark...loved it! But the food! Oh the food. There were 4 of us and each got a dish to share and some rice. We got the chili lamb, beef curry, chili lime shrimp and a pork dish and everything was delicious. We got some great apps and drinks! I can't wait to go back soon!
I didn't have any expectations trying this place. Wait was almost an hour for a Tuesday. I didn't mind the wait. I was still down to try the place. It's been years since my last Burmese food experience, which wasn't as pleasant as here, and definitely wasn't Burma Superstar.Ordered the tea leaf salad, chicken curry dahl, pumpkin shrimp, and fried rice. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the food. Again, no expectations, just hoping the food isn't spicy. I asked them to put the jalapenos on the side for the tea leaf salad, they ended up not bringing it, but still without it, it was DELICIOUS. Actually everything did not disappoint.I'd definitely go here again. Expect a long wait time, but it's worth it. It's worth the wait. It's worth the price. It's worth the food. Did I mention it was worth it? Yum!! No complaints from me. I was supposed to go to Genki crepes across the street but I was so full from the food consumed and I went with one of my friends.
I recommend the Tea Leaf Salad! It was an interesting blend of lettuce, nuts, herbs, and most importantly, the tea dressing had an exotic but tasty flavor to it. In terms of the experience as a whole, service was great. I think the only disappointing part was the lack of authenticity. I think it can do better in that aspect.
Tasty authentic Burmese food. MUST TRY! My friends and I came here after a big exam to celebrate. The restaurant gets really packed during dinner time but we got there around 5 so we were seated immediately. There were four of us and we ordered the tealeaf salad, a coconut-curry rice noddle, a spicy pork with jelepano, and one bowl of coconut rice. We definitely had trouble finishing. Food was serviced withing 10 minutes of ordering, and the waiter mixed the salad and noodle right in front of us.The tealeaf salad was very tasty and creative. The fried garlic pieces and the fermented tea leaf paste definitely gave the dish a special smell. It also had an assortment of crunchy nuts that added more chewiness a salad. It was $10 and the four of us shared one and everyone definitely had enough.The other two dishes were also very delicious. If you don't like curry or coconut, then you probably do not want to try the rice noodle, since the smell is pretty strong. The coconut rice, on the other hand, was very soft and had a tint of sweetness to it that perfectly complimented the spices in the pork dish. One serving was very large and can be split between 3-4 people.In the end, we ended up paying $12.50 each, which is very reasonable. Reason why I didn't get five star is because I feel like there is something missing. I don't know what. Maybe just the setting of the store? They can potentially add more decoration to the store and also some music? Or maybe free fruits or mint after the check? My personal opinion.
Guess I really don't have to say much about this place. Tea leaf salad is absolutely impressive.
Being Burmese I know what it's suppose to taste like so I did have expectations going in. We had a huge group and the staff was very accommodating and also attentive. Service was excellent and our food was served quickly. We ordered a lot of different things. The only thing I didn't like was what I ordered the Nan Gyi Dok. It wasn't the traditional one with chickpea flour, this one used the coconut broth from the onh no kauk-swe. The best dishes were the fried yellow tofu, the Burmese style lamb curry, the coconut rice, and the Burmese chicken and shrimp casserole. All of the dishes were cooked perfectly and super authentic, just like it was cooked by my family. Definitely would go back!
We went to a random bar down the street and the bartender raved about how delicious the food was here. We decided to come check it out. We got seated immediately. We ended up ordering five dishes on the menu and drinks. The favorites were the sweet and spicy lamb, catfish stew, the tea leaf salad, and garlic shrimp. We will definitely be back for more and to try many different things on the menu! We highly recommend this place if you want to tingle your tastebuds!
3.5 stars.Finally getting around to writing a review for Burma Superstar. I came here a couple of years ago and remembered having a great meal, so I stopped by recently again. Last time, we waited over 1.5 hours for dinner, but this time, we got there around opening on Sunday morning and didn't wait at all!Burma Superstar is still good, but it's a lot more expensive than I remember. All of the entrees are $10+, and this is a place where you do not just get one entree. There's a lot of interesting things to try, so you'll end up getting an appetizer, a salad, a soup, and then an entree/person. Before you know it, it's $30+ person. We had:- Rainbow salad- tastes a lot like the tea leaf salad, so you can't go wrong with either. This one has a bigger variety of ingredients and is flavored with a taramind sauce.- Nan pia dok- coconut chicken curry flat noodles with veggies, I really like this dish because of the thick coconut curry gravy. The noodles hold up surprisingly well in the dish.- Pumpkin pork stew- stewed, tender pork with pumpkin and pickled mangoes. The mangoes are sliced very thinly, so you don't really notice it or the pickling. The dish has a lot of flavors that remind me of Chinese five-spice pork dishes.Make sure to add a side of coconut rice, which is deliciously creamy with the entrees. It also comes with fried onions on top (my favorite).Burma Superstar still serves good food, but I'm just not sure it's worth a long wait or the quickly escalating price tag.
This place was highly recommended from our friends. Definitely worth the uber ride from union square to this place. We loved everything we ordered. We tried Parata appetizer, Samosa soup, Tea Leaf salad and Noodle dish. Service is friendly and quick. I recommend to dry their Burma Ale (made by Ale Industries, Oakland)
I have never had a bad meal at Burma Superstar. I love the tea leaf and rainbow salads as beautiful as they are delicious. It is so fun to see them mixed by your server table side. Another favorite appetizer is Platha and Dip, very savory sauce and buttery, flakey bread.There are many incredible vegetarian options and they're so flavorful that even the most stringent carnivore would be satisfied and wouldn't miss the meat. Yes, there is a line, rain or shine, but there are lots of great shops to explore nearby... Bottom line: it's worth the wait!
This place is pretty good but I'm not sure if I'd wait over 30 minutes to get a table here. We came around 2pm and there was still a line out the door. It's small, it's crowded, it's jam packed, and they're busy. It was difficult grabbing a server's attention and water refills were a struggle... but I get it, they're busy & popular. The tea leaf salad was good but not out of this world mind blowing. It's a salad with a bunch of different ingredients that give it great flavor and texture. The nan gui dok was delicious. Really soft & moist noodles with a really light curry sauce. The chicken in this dish was my favorite. Garlic and chili shrimp were delicious, lots of flavor, big shrimps, and very galic-y. The burmese style catfish was tasty but I probably wouldn't order it again. It seemed a bit salty to me and the bones with every bite was not pleasant.
EXCELLENT FOOD!! Came here with my girlfriend, and did not expect to like the food this much. The sticky fingers were amazing!! Will definitely return!
Ok, it's been almost 10 years and it's still awesome. We had this delivered through ORDER AHEAD! That's right, no waiting in-line or anything. And we literally ordered ahead at 4:30 for a perfect 6:00pm dinner delivery. Coconut rice, veggie curry, and tea leaf salad were all the bomb! Ordered for 2, enough for 4. It's not the cheapest but worth it.
Service was super poor. We came by on Sunday 10/4 around 2pm with a party of 6 and the hostess skipped us many times. She was rude and acted like we have enough business here we don't need to accommodate customers on a first come first serve basis...The food is good but the services is unacceptable. If you have party of 5 or more don't even try going here for a table. There are better options out there with much better service.
Love love loved this place! Super friendly and quick service from the person who sat us, the different person who took our order, a third person who brought refills and ran our food, to the fourth person who cleared our plates. Wonderful staff. Now the food: first time in my life trying Burmese food and I loved it! We ordered the chicken curry filled pastry for an appetizer with this yummy spicy dipping sauce. Hubby got the garlic chili shrimp with jasmine rice and the red sangria. He enjoyed it very much. I tried the beef with potatoes curry and the coconut rice. Dee-lish! Can't wait to go back and try something else!
The food is scrumptious (tea leaf salad, curries, platha), and the service is friendly and fast. Frannie is a wonderful server who really makes her customers feel at home! She's the best.
Magnificent. Get the Samosa soup and spicy crispy chicken. Amazing. We did about 12 dishes (among 10 of us) family style. Everything was delicious. Gratuity is already included on checks when there are 6 or more.
Very decent food. Good service. Well decorated. Not bad. But not outstanding.
First time here, first time trying Burmese & I love it all! In my opinion I think the food is a mix of Thai and Indian food together. As soon as the dishes come out, you can tell how different the styling of the food is.We stepped into the restaurant, got seated then given some popular recommendations. Our waiter kept on insisting us that we HAD to try the 'tea leaf salad' and so we did. We also ordered the 'Burmese chicken & shrimp casserole' and the 'garlic & chili shrimp'. All I could say is... BOMB-mazzzzing! The tea leaf salad is healthy and different from any other ordinary salad. The ingredients are so unique and delicious. The chicken & shrimp casserole came w cinnamon rice, which I was kind of skeptical about. But seriously, it made such a great combo! For a casserole, the chicken & shrimp wasn't dried but instead it was juicy and tender. Then the garlic & chili shrimp was an excellent choice if you're into garlicky foods like me.Another huge bonus to this place is that the service is extremely quick!It's always fun to try something new & I definitely plan on coming back!!
If you are in SFO, you have to eat at Burma Superstar. The wait can be long but you can call ahead. They told us it would be an hour wait so we hung at a bar close by. They call once your table is ready. It is a very small place but the food is delicious. The tea leaf salad is amazing. The sambusa soup is different and nice too. All the entrees were delish. This place is definitely worth all the hype.
My family is from Burma, and I grew up eating the food and visiting relatives who still live there. My parents warned me that Burma Superstar was overpriced and not authentic, but because my friends ask my opinion about it constantly, I finally tried it out. Here's the verdict:- No Burmese milk tea, which is a national staple and my favorite beverage. The waitress suggested Thai Tea or Vietnamese Coffee instead. Weird. Not the same. Pass.- Tea leaf salad was good, but used romaine lettuce (should be cabbage or no greens at all) and jalapenos (should be thai chilis). - Coconut chicken noodle soup was the only thing close to authentic. Wonton crisps threw me off (should be fried beans), but this was a crowd pleaser all around.- The garlic noodles, garlic chili shrimp, and chicken and shrimp casserole were almost unrecognizable as the Burmese dishes they claim to be. Authentic or not, I thought these dishes were just average and mostly heavy on sugar.But hey, it's cool that Burma Superstar made Burmese food cool and trendy in the Bay Area, and there's clearly a ton of demand for their westernized dishes. The real-deal flavors can be oily, fishy, overpowering, and definitely not for everyone. So if you're curious about Burmese food but need to take overpriced baby steps, Burma Superstar is for you. Hope you're ready to wait a while outside!
Finnnnnnnnnnally checked burma superstar off our list and it was definitely worth the trip and wait. We strategically planned to arrived a few minutes before opening and as expected, there was already a line 10 min before opening. We ordered 4 dishes: - the tea leaf salad (very interesting flavors and textures, but not sure I would order again. definitely going to try the rainbow salad next time), - chili lamb (WOW... hands down my favorite dish, tons of unique flavor, never tried anything like this before. and don't be scared by the "chili" in the name, it's not very spicy... IMO at least), - pork belly (this was the bf's favorite, again, great seasoning and flavors), - and some noodle curry dish (def would not recommend this, it had a very strong soap/cheese taste - not good).Overall, we had a super first experience at burma. The service is quick and friendly, and the atmosphere very cute. Will return for the chili lamb.. and more! :)
Ok seriously... my sister has been raving about this place for over 4 years and I finally got around to trying it since I was visiting SF. I was pretty scared that she'd been overhyping the place and it would just turn out to be ok, but I WAS SO WRONG. This place deserves 5 stars. Definitely will make a point to return every time I'm in SF.If you are going here for the first time you MUST get the tea leaf salad. Great flavor, great textures because of the fried chickpeas and lentils. There are large fried garlic slices in there though so beware not to bite into one of those if you're not into it. I love garlic so couldn't get enough. Also got: yellow bean tofu - delicious. Pretty light in my opinion for something that's fried. Doesn't totally taste like just fried tofu and has different texture because of the added lentils. nan pia dok - if you're into coconut curry GET THIS. So good and the noodles are addictive as hell. sangria - red wine with pear, orange and lychee. You can actually taste the lychee and I was pleasantly surprised. dried fried green beans - great texture and have quite a kick to them! TL:DR? Get the tea leaf salad.
Love Love Love this place. The tea leaf salad is to die for.Caution: There is always a wait and it gets cold in the evenings so carry a jacket or be 100% sure the weather is in your favor.Also, parking can be difficult (not impossible) just have to go around the block couple of times.
We came here on a Wednesday night after going to Super Bowl City. Parking is terrible. The place was packed and the person taking our reservation said today was a slow day. It was 8 pm. This was our first time here and I have no idea how long the wait times are. Anyway he said we should be seated in about 30 min. We were seated after 10 min. Not bad at all. The place is very small and there is hardly any room to move around. The restroom is right by the kitchen, so if you are waiting to use the restroom, you are in the way of the restaurant staff.   Now for the food. We ordered Mango Lassi for drinks. Good but not great. Our drinks were not cold, I like my drinks ice cold even in the winter time. We had chicken samusas for appetizer. This was excellent. Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. Flavor was not too overpowering. We had the tea leaf salad, this was excellent as well, since I've never had this before. Our waiter explained it to us and mixed the salad for us. It was an explosion of flavors in your mouth, loved it. Coconut rice was yummy and we had the Burmese beef curry, which was soooo tender, you did not need a knife to cut the beef. This was excellent as well. Service was fast. Love this place, will definitely come back again.
Burma superstar, that is what you are, coming from afar (Hayward), reaching for the stars, run away with me to another place, we can rely on each other uh huhhhhhh......(ahem)First time having Burmese food here and its sort of a mix between chinese food and thai food. We came here on a Friday night and it definitely gets packed. I would recommend reservations. The great thing about this place is that they have a few seats outside and you can serve yourself hot tea while waiting for your table in the cold. We ordered the tea leaf salad, mango chicken, Nan Pia Dok, Steak Kebat, and a side of coconut rice. All of the food is delicious. I especially love the tea leaf salad, prior to eating, they mix the salad for you and tell you all the ingredients. The tea leaf salad is crunchy and flavorful, and the fermented tea gives a great tangy taste to the salad. The mango chicken was tender and juicy. I didn't think the mango would compliment the chicken that well, but it did. The mango flavor wasn't too strong, it added little sweetness to the savory chicken. The Nan Pia Dok, which is the noodles, had a great refreshing flavor. The coconut flavor was light and the noodles were fresh and had an amazing texture. The Steak Kebat, looks like a typical stir fry at any asian restaurant, but it didn't taste the same. It had a unique taste because of the tomatoes and mint. The service was excellent and the food came out within a reasonable amount of time. The prices are reasonable and the serving sizes are as well. It's a superstar restaurant in my books.
Burma superstar is one of my fave restaurants in SF, if not the #1. Really delicious food and great service. Tea leaf salad was awesome - and I never eat salad. The Platha Dip is delicious - both the fried breand and the curry. The pork and pumpkin curry was awesome too (and mild). Vegetarian Samusa Soup was great, had a slight kick but not spicy. Washed it down with a Burma cooler which was refreshing. Great service too, so an enjoyable experience all round. Will come back. 10/10
Not our cup of tea here. Came here right at opening. Got seated right away. Waitress was nice and pleasant. We ordered tea salad, rainbow salad and nan gyi dok. The salads were bland and the noodle (nan gyi dok) was abit over done. By the way, the waiter who prepared the salads at the table was nit attentive. there were ingredients which flew off the plate onto the table. No apologies. no statement. no smile. nothing.
Mango chicken and coconut rice was fantastic
Went to the farmers market on a sunny Sunday afternoon with the misses and walked by this place. Seeing how crowded this place was, we decided to check it out. The wait was only 15 minutes for a seat and the food came out nearly 5 minutes after ordering. Talk about efficiency. We shared the mango chicken, platha, and nan gyi dok. Platha reminded me of a green onion pancake minus the green onion and the nan gyi dok was a yellow curry stir fry. They also mixed the noodles together at the table which I thought was pretty cool. Definitely a place to check out if your looking for something different to eat. Only downside is that it is a lot more hefty on the wallet.
I came to Burma for the second time last night. Previously I had the vegetable curry deluxe which was quite good but not amazing. This time I was in the mood for soup since it was a cold night so I ordered the vegetarian samusa soup. This soup was AMAZING. The samusas can only be described as what would be the offspring of a Chinese dumpling and an Indian samosa (two foods that I already love). Put them in soup and it's even better. The soup was incredibly flavorful with just the right hint of spice.On another note, Burma Superstar is incredibly vegan and allergy friendly.
One of the best restaurants I've been to in SF.The wait was two hours, but it was worth it.Lychee mojito was refreshing and not overly sweet.I could eat the tea leaf salad every day. The sticky fingers was ok. The lamb curry could have been a bit more tender but the flavor was amazing. The coconut rice was so good, we had to order a second one. And the flat noodles was just the perfect amount of spicy.In addition, the help were kind and quick.
This is a SFO must! If you are visiting, enjoy all the beautiful sites but make sure you come here for lunch or dinner. I have only been to San Francisco twice and each time this is where I have to have dinner. This place is incredible and obviously everyone knows it. So the wait at dinner can be hours long, regardless of the day. They don't take reservations but you can call to check in and they will call when your table is ready. Anything you order here will be amazing. But I would fly all the way from Memphis to SFO just to eat the tea leaf salad and the platha dip. Probably some of this best food I've ever eaten in my life. The only thing is that this place is loud, cramped and the service is almost too fast so it's not good for dates or serious conversation. Love this place and you will too!
I absolutely loved the food here. Like wow I loved the tea salad. Who knew in would've said I loved eating grass. LOL not me. But it was actually really good! Maybe bc it was covered in olive oil and had so much crunchiness and texture and flavor to it all at the same time. They have explanation on how the tea is fermented and what all the ingredients are before they mix it. Amazing. Then came the chili lamb and the okra tofu. Okra tofu was good and tasty, but not my favorite. I don't know if I would've ordered it but it was decent. The chili lamb. Omg it melted in my mouth. Tasted delicious and spiced perfectly. I can only talk about how delicious it is and how I didn't even know what sequence to eat it. The wait was a bit of a hassle but I was at the bar while I was waiting. Guess the secret is to come later right when the restaurant is about to close!
We came here around 2 PM on a Saturday and there was no line. We were seated immediately and our server attended us within a few minutes. I ordered the Burma cooler which was excellent and very refreshing. For an appetizer we shared the tea leaf salad and my carnivore husband enjoyed it just as much as I did. For main course I got the Samusa soup (veg version) that was perfect for the cool day. Nicely spiced and very rich with small pieces of samosas, falafel, onion and cabbage. When we were leaving the restaurant around 3 PM the line had already started to form. So get in early.
For dinner, they open at 5 pm. We got there at 4:58 and there was already a line forming outside the door! That's how popular this restaurant is. And it's not unwarranted!Tea leaf salad...just do it. So unique, so flavorful. I also always get the nad pia dok (sp??) - flat chicken noodle. Dependable and hearty. This time we also tried the steak curry, and it was spicy and delicious.No frills here. It's a great meal with good service, and it's been popular for yrs (for a reason!)
Came here tonight with my parents and bf, and knowing there would probably be a wait we came 15 minutes before they opened and were second in line :) no waiting for us! They usually don't seat parties unless everyone is present but the host was nice enough to seat us even though my dad was running late. The service was great and friendly, the only downside is that the restaurant is pretty small so it gets pretty loud. For drinks we had a ginger lemon ice tea, a Thai tea, and a pomegranate lime soda. I loved the ginger lemonade ice tea, the Thai tea was good, but the pomegranate soda tasted mostly like club soda. We started off with a rainbow salad and a mo hinga (catfish chowder). These two dishes were my absolute FAVORITE! I could eat both everyday. The mo hinga makes you feel soo good like drinking chicken noodle soup when you're feeling sick. The best part about the mo hinga is the fried lentils they put inside. We also ordered the oxtail, catfish curry, steak kebat, and basil chili pork belly. The oxtail was sooo tender and flavorful, a little on the sweet side. The catfish curry was good as well, but keep in mind that there are bones inside so be careful. The basil pork belly tasted more like a Chinese dish than a Burmese dish but it was still good. My mom kept commenting on how incredibly soft the pieces of pork were. We've had the steak kebat over at b star but the one here had a unique flavor that was a little different and was not as spicy. And of course we had to order dessert so we got the coco fritters, fried jackfruit and banana rolls, and the flourless chocolate ginger cake. The coco fritters were unlike anything I've ever had, soft and sweet in the middle and crunchy on the outside. I usually don't like coconut but this dessert was excellent. The my parents enjoyed the chocolate cake, which came with candied ginger on top. Out of the three I liked the jackfruit dessert the best. It was like a fried Nutella banana (but with jackfruit, which I've never tried before) topped with coconut ice cream and strawberries. So good! I would definitely order it again. The perfect way to end any meal.
Mmm strong flavors everywhere!! Burmese food combines cuisines from many areas of Southeast Asia and this is clearly evident at Burma Superstar. The standout dish for me was Chili Lamb. The description reads "stir fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onion and basil, comes medium spicy, or spicier" and yes indeed, that is exactly what it was. You'll need some jasmine rice to go along with this dish to mellow out that insane flavor explosion.I really like how they mix up the salad at your table for you, giving you an opportunity to ask questions about what's going on in the salad. I'm sure they have to answer the same questions a hundred times over, but they don't appear to be too fazed or annoyed by it.I noticed many people getting carryout from this restaurant, which is a great idea because the lines seem to form not long after opening for dinner service.
The food came out very fast, and everything was super delicious! I had the coconut chicken soup and the yellow bean tofu. The coconut chicken soup is definitely a winner - very flavorful and full of plenty of chicken and noodles. Get with rice to dump into your broth either to round out the meal or eat for leftovers the next day.
Burmese food is like a cross between Indian, Chinese, and Thai. I was on a 1-Day day trip in SF, and I found Burma Superstar on Trip Advisor, and saw the 5000+ reviews on Yelp. Suffice it to say, I was sold. I brought a family of tourists here for lunch, and there were 9 people ahead of us in the line at 12 pm that Monday (8/3). Our server Queena could speak Chinese, and so I was happy that I didn't have to translate the menu. Queena gave us suggestions on what to order, and we had the Tea Leaf salad, the Moh Hinga (Catfish chowder noodle soup), Burmese style Shrimp curry, and the Coconut Rice. Today, I'm going to cut all the rambling and just say that I would recommend all of the above. Burma Superstar is located on the corner of Clement St x 4th Ave., where you can see a lot of Chinese shops close to a Quickly's.
I visited Burma Superstar twice within a span of one week because I LOVED their food and service was great! Here is what I tried: Platha and Dip: Highly recommend. Platha was fluffy, moist and sweet. The dip, coconut chicken curry sauce, was very flavorful--it was so good that my partner and I enjoyed the remaining dip with some coconut rice. Tea lead salad: Lots of ingredients went into this salad. I liked that a staff took the time to explain each ingredient and also mixed them for us at our table. The salad was different...but a bit too crunchy for me. I will skip this next time and try Samusa salad instead. Vegetarian Samusa Soup: Interesting soup with unusual pieces such as samusa and falafel. I was excited to try this soup since I read in other reviews that the soup was featured on Food Network. The broth was very flavorful and met the expectation. It's good to try at least once. Mango Chicken: Generous amount of mango with plenty of chili sauce that sparked the dish. Pork Curry with Potatoes: This dish was recommended by our server. The pork was very soft and seasoned well. The potatoes without any seasoning was a good balance with very flavorful pork and curry sauce. Great with coconut rice. Overall, my dinning experiences were very positive. I will be returning to Burma Superstar again very soon:)
Great food! Always a line in front so I do take out. Favorites include the famous tea leaf salad--delish and healthy, chicken curry noodles and the coconut rice. A must try place in SF.
Perfection!!!!!!! A San Francisco must have!!!! Tea Leaf salad... Delish! Shrimp and beef plates are ALL delectable. I've never taken a guest there who didn't enjoy their food!
Go! Go! GOOOOOOOO!First thing - pray to the parking gods or toss someone out of the car Get to the restaurant as soon as they open to put your name on the list (or if you have big party i think you can call)Then go find a bookstore down the street. Pros: authentic food you will dream about for the rest of your life - very reasonably priced - good service - cleanCons: parking is street only - possible wait time - your clothes will smell like you were in the kitchen tooEverything I've eaten here has been outstanding!The tea leaf salad was a little too over hyped for me but that's not to say it was bad. The Platha appetizer with dipping sauce is incredible and I recommend getting 1 per 2 people (then tell them to leave the sauce b/c it goes well with just about anything else, like coconut rice that shouldn't be missed).I've come twice, once with my husband and once with a big group of friends and both times were consistently great service.The highlights were the mint chicken and Burmese lamb. The ginger lemonade was nice too.
THREE WORDS - TEA LEAF SALAD!its different and a must try! Service was awesome. Get there early because there is always a wait. If you can, get there 15 minutes before they open, wait is shorter that way. Street parking might be difficult, but if you can find it, so worth it!
We came on Sunday around 5:15pm and waited about 35 minutes before we were seated. They take down your number in case you want to wander around, but we opted to wait outside on the benches since the weather was nice. This was my first time trying Burmese food. I decided to try the rainbow salad and samusa soup, both have been featured on Food Network, and the nan gyi dok, recommended by fellow Yelpers.  The rainbow salad and samusa soup both came out quickly. I like that the rainbow salad has multiple types of noodles with tons of ingredients. The samusa soup broth was quite large and serves up to four people. For vegetarian food, I found it to be quite delicious. Both dishes were packed with flavor and I can see why everyone loves it. The nan gyi dok took another 10 minutes to come out and I couldn't wait to try it. At first I was a bit worried that the coconut curry sauce would overpower the dish, but instead it actually had a really settle coconut taste, which I preferred. The rice noodles were quite chewy and held the curry sauce well. The service here was fast and we were in and out of the restaurant within 40 minutes.
The food here was good, but not memorable. The service was great though! We tried:- Tea Leaf Salad- Pork Pumpkin Curry- Lamb CurryThe Tea Leaf Salad was good, but not as great as I would have expected given the hype. The pork in the Pumpkin Curry was super tender, but the sauce itself was pretty one dimensional: just sweet, no spice. The Lamb Curry had a similar one dimensional flavor and the lamb had a mix of tender and chewy pieces. Our bill was $50, which was a bit much for a lunch tab. Bottom Line: I doubt I'll crave this food and likely won't return. I'd rather eat Indian, Thai, or Vietnamese, which allows for more options, more robust flavors, and a more reasonably priced meal.
This restaurant is one of my favorite spots to eat, always great, fresh food and excellent service. With 5000 plus yelp reviews I probably don't need to add more. Some of my favorites are the tea leaf salad and the noodle dish Nan Pia dok, the flavors and textures of the ingredients makes their dishes so unique. Last night we tried the fiery chicken and green beans, brown rice and the salad and noodle dish, so good with a great selection of beers on tap. We love this spot, but you have to time it right the wait can be ridiculously long.
My goal for this whole San Francisco trip was to eat at Burma Superstar. With almost 5,000 reviews on Yelp I figured that I couldn't go wrong with this place. We got there at about 8:15 on a Friday night. Parking was a bit hard to find but that's normal for a Friday night and San Fran. Put our name in at about 8:30 were quoted about 90 min. They took our name and number and luckily there are a bunch of little shops up and down that strip. I was getting a bit anxious because it was a bit "Hangry" and wasn't really sure what to expect. Really hoping that it would be worth the wait because my family was getting a bit antsy. They would have kicked my ass if it turned out bad. So we finally got sat about 10:00.We ordered:- Tea Leaf SaladIt comes out deconstructed but the server comes and explains what each thing is and then mixes it up for you. I loved it. At first it took me a little bit to get adjusted to the taste but I loved the combination of fresh garlic, the fermented tea leaf that is supposedly brought all the way from Burma, peanuts, sesame seeds and more that I can't really remember. It is one of the items on their menu that was featured on the Food Network. - Rainbow SaladThis is the second item that was featured on the Food Network. This by far was my favorite one. I actually liked it a lot more then the Tea Leaf Salad. It is a cold noodle like salad that had a mixture of potatoes, chili, garlic powder, onions, peanuts and all sorts of other stuff. I can't even remember because we just devoured it. Very refreshing. - Burma Shrimp One of my favorites! Shrimp with broccoli. It has a little kick to it. - Chicken Lettuce CupsNot super amazing but it was good enough. A bit to spicy for me. - Oxtail Claypot Scrumptious! Very tender and tasty. - Shan NoodlesNot my thing. I thought it would taste a little like pad Thai because it looked just like it but it was a bit too salty. This was the dish that didn't really get touched on our table. - Coconut RiceI could eat this by itself. So good!- Platha DipSooooo good as well. Yummy bread paired with a great coconut curry sauce. - Sticky Fingers (ribs)Very tender and juicy. Pretty much fell off the bone. Okay, okay ... I will stop rambling on and on but we absolutely loved this place. Definitely worth the wait!
The samosa soup is our favorite. We love to order it for take-out on cold nights.
Delicious!
Great Burmese food. Big fan of the very popular tea leaf salad. Also love the pork and pumpkin stew. No reservations, so the lines can be pretty long on weekend nights. B-Star down the street is a good alternative if the wait is too long. The tables are extremely close together which can make navigating the restaurant difficult.
Someone brought me here and I'm definitely glad we came here! The wait wasn't too bad, nice, quaint place. Food is great! There was so much on the menu and I couldn't decide, knowing how indecisive I am and glad my friend ordered for us. Since he has been here before and knew what to order and there were some food choices that we both haven't tried. He ordered Burmese Samusas, Thai tea, Rainbow salad, Bun Tay Kauswer I believe, & Burma superstar noodle salad from what I can recall and not mistaken. He ordered a lot of food. The sauce for the Samusas was good and I liked the rainbow salad a lot! Can't wait to make trip back up and eat here again!Wish I rooms pictures, we were too hungry and just dived right in!!
The food was great! On top of that, there was no wait when we went on Thursday at 1:30pm! We ordered a tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, and the garlic noodles. Tea Leaf Salad: love the combination of everything. The salad was super flavorful. It has a lot of texture, which I love. Pumpkin Pork Stew: aromatic, savory flavors. The pork is tender and easy to bite into. Kobocha squash is my favorite type of pumpkin, and they added plenty of it in the dish.Garlic Noodles: Just a bowl of noodles with a hint of garlic flavor. I'll pass.
Food is so flavorful here.. I love it! The chili-garlic shrimp is my favorite with a side of coconut rice! You will leave this place talking about delicious the food was.
I work in this area and it was the first time eating here. Very delicious! Can't wait to come back and try the other items on the menu.
Great food and even better service. Came with a group of 9 and they were very accommodating, even though the restaurant was small. We all shared so that we could all taste a little of everything. Samusa soup, garlic chili shrimp, and chili lamb would be worth getting again. Tea leaf salad is more popular (was featured on the Food Network) but I personally preferred the rainbow salad. Salt and pepper calamari and garlic noodles was just okay. Didn't like the curry chicken. Plates were decently sized, cause we were all pretty full.
I've never had Burmese food before so I don't have much for comparison, but I' heard good things about Burma Superstar and I believe it used to Michelin recommended as well. The food definitely didn't disappoint in terms of flavor, but everything was pretty heavily cooked in oil. I generally don't really like greasy food but I'll make exceptions if it's really good!=================================*** RECOMMEND ***-TEA LEAF SALAD - 4/5[With romaine lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, sesame seeds, fresh tomatoes, jalapenos and dried shrimp]I've never had tea leaf salad before so the flavors were very unique and interesting. Pretty crunchy salad as almost all of the ingredients had texture, but it's tossed in a lot of oil, which I didn't really like. I would've enjoyed it a lot more if it were lightened up. Definitely a unique dish though, so I'd still recommend it.-CHILI LAMB - 4/5[Stir fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onions, and basil]Greasy but lots of flavor! Chili packs a good punch too.-PUMPKIN PORK STEW - 4/5[Pork stew slow cooked with kabocha squash and ginger]Mmmm SUPER tender pork and soft squash. Yummy but pretty heavy and REALLY fatty. Fattiness aside, I'd definitely recommend!-NAN GYI DOK - 4.5/5[Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, sliced hard-boiled egg, split yellow pea, fried wonton chips, lime leaf, fried onion and lemon]I'm not really a carb person so I generally probably wouldn't order or eat much of this dish, but I absolutely loved the coconut curry sauce! Rich and aromatic in coconut flavor, but not strong or overpowering. Squeezing in some lemon adds a refreshing lightness. The noodles were cooked incredibly soft. I normally like my noodles al dente, but I didn't mind the overcooked texture of these noodles. The whites of the hard-boiled eggs were really soft and delicate as well. The chicken was flavorful and cooked pretty well, but could have been more tender.=================================*** OKAY ***-RAINBOW SALAD - 3/5[Made with 22 ingredients: four types of noodles, onions, cabbage, cilantro, potato, carrots, tofu, tomatoes, fried wonton strips, fried shallots, dried shrimp, etc]Not super memorable. There were a variety of ingredients, but it didn't look like there were as many as 22 ingredients. Of everything we ordered, this was the only dish that wasn't glistening in oil so it looked the healthiest, but it's still full of noodles so it's very carb-heavy. For a dish that supposedly has 22 ingredients, I was expecting something more complex in flavor or texture, but I found it to be a little boring and bland.-MINT CHICKEN - 3.5/5[Minced chicken, mint, cloves of garlic, cilantro and jalapenos]Pretty good and flavorful, though I didn't really taste any mint (I think it was left out?) and the dish was pretty greasy. The jalapenos and peppers added some heat, but I have a pretty high tolerance to heat so I would've preferred the dish to be even spicier. My friend has a low tolerance of spicy food and thought it was really spicy.-SUPERSTAR SHRIMP - 3/5[Wok tossed shrimp with a chili and garlic sauce]The shrimp was cooked fine but the flavors didn't impress me. Not spicy and very greasy like everything else.-TAN POI - 3.5/5[Basmati rice cooked with cardamom, cinnamon and raisins topped with fried onions]Good but nothing particularly special. If there was cinnamon, I didn't taste it, but I still liked the flavor. The raisins were moist and gave the rice a hint of sweetness. Goes well with curry.=================================*** PASS ***-WOK TOSSED BROCCOLI - 2/5I love broccoli (and veggies in general), but these were drenched in oil! I never really understand the need for that..
Everything was delicious! We began with the Tea Leaf salad and it had the perfect amount of spices! We also had the Nun Gyi Dok and classic Burmese Chicken and Shrimp casserole. Was not disappointed at all! Also try the Platha! And the Thai ice tea wasn't too sweet!
Awesome foodSmall PlaceLittle crowded and NoisyService Quick We went to a concert near by and didnt realise we were super hungry after that and we had to find a good place nearby where we can eat like crazy and saw this place in yelp with craaaazy number of reviews, so we had to try the food hereWait was decent and boy o boy we loved the food.We were a group and we did not talk to each other for a while while eating,, :)thats how hungry we were and food was goodI wont name each and every food coz u have so many reviews here with what to eatI would certainly recommend this place for best food hv fun
First time trying Burmese food and everything we ordered was amazing! There wasn't a single dish that I didn't like and the flavors were all very unique. I'm really glad that I ended up here during my very brief stay in San Francisco because the food was just so good! I'd totally give five stars for this joint, but minus one for the snooty hostess that was just full of sass. From the start she had some attitude and just seemed pretty short with me as I was putting my name down. Honestly that is your one job- greet the customers and make them feel welcome. Is it that hard? With that kind of attitude I really hope she's the owners daughter or something equivalent. Anywho! All of the servers inside were very very kind and definitely made me feel super informed throughout our meal. The first dish we ordered for one.. Was the tea leaf salad. Our server gave us a really nice introduction to the dish and proceeded to mix the salad for us. The fermented tea leaves were amazing with the salad and the sunflower and sesame seeds complemented everything extremely well. I would totally order this dish as a starter because it's such a good opener. Samusa soup was really good and flavorful. The soup actually seemed more gravy-like to me than anything else.. But it was still good! The dumplings tasted super hearty because everything was all warm and mushy.. Went perfect with the coconut rice we ordered as a side dish. Garlic noodles was also a side dish but it was a big ole bowl that was packed with oyster mushrooms and broccoli. I'm sure they added a ton of garlic because with every bite I felt like I was inhaling garlic. The noodles were a bit overpowering towards the end, but that was most likely because I was already 90% full. The first few bites were really good and the mushroom was so amazingly juicy. Overall, great place to dine at if you're looking for something different and new to try while in the SF area! I'd come again despite the sassy hostess!
Burmese food, 5000+ reviews on Yelp and still maintaining a 4.5 rating? Yes please! Tea Leaf Salad, Burma Cooler(Ginger beer) and Nan Gyi Dok. FINALLY get to cross this place off my list, and no, it didn't disappoint, it is so freaking good.FYI - Nan Gyi Dok is a bit spicy and it has a kick to it. Great food and fantastic service. I would give it 6 stars.
Tea leaf salad. Somosa soup. Orange chicken and coconut rice. YUM.
I've brought so many tourists here Burma Superstar should consider paying me commission.Must orders:-Tea leaf salad, signature burmese dish, changed my worldview about salads in general. One friend commented on how this is basically a regular salad with more ingredients I pretty much mentally slapped a bitch for the blasephemous downplay on this dish.-Nan gyi dok, aka burmese chicken curry noodle, Rangoon Ruby still does the best version with softer noodles but I love this dish regardless, lightly savory unlike how overwhelming most curry dishes are-Basil chili pork belly or basil chili shrimp, perfect amount of spice and bursting with flavors-Coconut rice, I don't even like rice but I can eat this by the bucket, lightly but distinctly sweet it can almost be a dessertOrder if you're still hungry:-Rainbow salad, personally not a fan of the predominant citrusy note, some of my friends prefer this over the tea leaf salad but I'm just a sour hater that's all-Pumpkin pork stew, flavorful giant blocks of pork, didn't care for the pumpkin chillin in the stew just being ridiculously large blocks of boringPass:-Steak kebat, beef was too tough and might as well just get beef stirfry from asian restaurants anywhere-Spicy and crispy chicken, basically sesame chicken repackaged from Panda Express, and lied about being spicy-Shan noodles, one of the few vegetarian entree options, the sauce was too water and everything was so bland, thank goodness I'm a hardcore carnivoreAmbiance:-Loud and crampy, typical SF, not the ideal venue for a date. Nevertheless, I've always had a good time hanging out here (and Rangoon Ruby) for whatever occasion. Could be the crack from the salad and noodles.Service:-Never had a problem with service, especially when they have quite a few good-looking-without-the-douchey-vibe servers.. do tell me more about the 22 ingredients in that tea leaf salad #SoTurnedOn
Delicious food. Solid bang for your buck. Maaaaaybe not quite worth the wait/hype -- certainly, there are other great Burmese spots in town, where you won't have to wait 90 minutes. That being said, if you can get in quick -- or don't mind he wait -- this is the way to go.
i love this place! It's affordable and delicioustea leaf salad, lamb curry, garlic shrimp, and coconut rice are my go to's!
This restaurant has been on my list for years and I finally got a chance to go this week! It was very good but maybe a little too hyped up for me. THE WAIT: On a Thursday at 5:15pm, none! Come early, forego the wait!THE SERVICE: Very friendly, efficient, and professional. The food comes out quickly, they give me time to take my Yelp photos before mixing the dish, and they're very friendly. THE COST: $29 total per person for 1 lemonade ginger drink, 1 salad, 2 entrees, and 1 rice side. Not bad!SALADS:**Rainbow Salad - 4 starspic (pre-mixing): yelp.com/biz_photos/burmNice! At first, tastes a little plain. But then all the ingredients start seeping their way into your taste buds. It becomes very spicy, just enough to still be able to bear it. Then you start tasting the crispy pieces of garlic. Everything starts coming together into a wonderful medley of flavors, every once in a while you get an extra burst of the spice or of the garlic, and it's extra good in those moments.NOODLES & RICE:**Nan Gyi Dok (mild coconut chicken rice noodle curry, w/ egg, split yellow pea, fried wonton chips, and fried onion) - 3 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/burmThe rice noodles were very thick and a little too soft for my liking. I usually like slightly overcooked noodles, but maybe because these were so fat, it was a little too pronounced. I was hoping for a little more chicken, though what was there was good - pretty tender, seared on the outside. The curry was tasty but really lacked a punch in flavor (I guess we should've been warned by the "mild curry" description). The most lackluster of the dishes we ordered. BEEF & LAMB:**Burmese Style Curry (Beef - or lamb - braised until tender w/ potatoes and topped w/ cilantro) - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/burmWe thought this would be in an actual curry sauce, but was mostly big chunks of beef with some sauce and soft cooked potatoes. Not that that was terrible, but not what we expected out of a "curry". The beef was decently tender, came apart pretty easily, but we both expected it to be MUCH more moist especially since it's braised in the curry. Nothing that adding some of the curry over the meat didn't fix, though! The flavor was good but could have been more spicy.SIDES:**Coconut Rice (Aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with fried onions) - 4 starsVery nice! Perfectly sticky and moist fat rice kernels, fine to eat on its own and also tasty with any of our curry sauces (especially the Burmese Style Curry). The crispy fried onions on top were like icing on the cake - wonderful for texture and an extra burst of flavor! I actually thought it was garlic but loved it either way.
If there's any one restraunt I have heard about over and over again since coming to San Francisco it's that Burma Superstar is THE place to go in SF. We got there a little before 5 on a weekday and a line had already formed before they even opened . By 7 the line was insanely long a solid 30+ minutes. Decor of the restaurant was quite nice, thought it is very cozy. Food came out promptly and this was my first experience with Burmese food. We tried: 1) Thai iced tea - Quite good , not too sweet and refills were only 1 dollar 2) Tea leaf salad- Definitely a different taste. This is quite hyped and highly advertised , I was dubious but was pleasantly surprised. It's very crunchy. I wouldn't wait in line for this salad though. Girlfriend was very into it , I felt there was too much sesame 3) Nan Gyi Dok- Very very good! The noodles were so soft and it had a subtle kick to it. Hard boiled egg was on point. 5 stars must try! 4) Burmese Curry Lamb- I really wanted to like this dish. Tastes very much like Indian Lamb Vindaloo. Unfortunately the lamb was quite tough to eat and overcooked.Overall, it was an OK experience for not having to wait in line. A bit pricey and certainly some hype around the place. guess at least I can say I've been there.
The wait was 2 hours and 20 minutes (got there at 7pm on Saturday). The girl at the door said the wait will be more like 1.5 hours when I asked if the wait would be an hour. Two hours later there's still no update on how much longer to wait. We went to a bar next door and waited to hear back. Texted and called the automated system that sent us the initial text message when we got our name on the list but got no update. Ended up at the restaurant and waited another 20 minutes before we got seated.After we got in, we got seating next to the restrooms which was terrible and unhygienic. We requested to be reseated but the waiter refused saying the other open seats were for bigger tables of 3 and 5 people. He barely even tried. Why do they even have seats next to the restroom? Unbelievable. We said we will take the food to go. In the meantime a party of 3 had canceled so he gave us those seats. After 2.5 hours we finally were at a decent spot in the restaurant. Now onto the food:We had tea leaf salad (which was pretty average), samosa soup (which was good but the samosa part was not fully cooked) and platha dip (which was extremely greasy and not good).I'm never going back to this restaurant again. They ruined an otherwise perfect Saturday night. 2.5 hours to get seated? They don't allow advanced calling or reservations. Why don't they expand the place and/or figure out how to serve customers better?
this small eatery can be described by a few words for a Friday night. Busy busy busy, flavor flavor flavor. arrived at 5:05 to snag a table of our choice. Sometimes its necessary to eat at AARP time. I've never really had Burmese food before, but I'm Asian and I've had a lot of experience with the Asian cooking. The food was good. I suppose you can't really come here and not have the tea leaf salad.  The salad was great, texture, sour, crunch, savory. Just have the salad tossed by yourself instead. (the salad flew everywhere when the server did it.).Also had the curry cat fish which was deep fried and totally loaded with a garlicky tomato onion sauce. Very flavorful and would be great if accompanied by rice. (since it did not come with rice I assume its supposed to be eaten without-I dunno, first time Burmese here...) last dish was something like a coconut curry chicken noodle salad. note: anytime you see salad, it may get tossed by the server so just do it yourself for your sake). noodles were a different texture, chicken was dark meat pieces which is a welcome relief from dried chewy chicken breast. a very good dish indeed. no room for dessert and no room for us to linger. the queue was 8 tables deep when we left at 6:30.
I love the food. Always fresh, always interesting menu items. Staff is friendly and knows how to hustle. this place is always packed, for good reasons!
Bottom line at the top: worth the hype and praise!--Came here with a friend and I guess we got lucky because we got seated right away at the communal table.We split a tea leaf salad (YUM), the burmese chicken and shrimp casserole (yummers and so amazing!), and flat noodles with chicken which were just okay. We left with leftovers and still super full and happy :)
Burma Superstar is truly one of my favorite restaurants on the planet, now !! What a colorful gem this place is, and I am only lamenting that there is not a Burma Superstar restaurant location in the Los Angeles area where I live . My husband and I were visiting our son who lives in SF and eats here regularly and knew we would LOVE IT!! The ambience was hip and great, every single dish we ordered delicious, and we had great service. We especially loved the Tea Leaf Salad and the soup; they were so unique and flavorful. Apparently the entire city of SF also loves this small haven because there was an adventurous wait, but it was SOOOO WORTH IT !! Please, Burma Superstar, come open a location in Long Beach !!
To be honest, even though I've only ever heard good things about Burma Superstar, I still had my reservations. There's always a huge amount of people waiting outside so it deterred me from trying the restaurant for the longest time, but a girlfriend and I decided to finally brave the storm and see for ourselves just how great thy Burma Superstar is. T H E W A I T Granted we didn't have reservations but let me tell you this: the restaurant closes at 9:30pm, we arrived at 8:30pm and STILL had to wait a good half hour before we were seated - that's how crazy the groupies are. The thing about SF kids is that no matter the weather, we're willing to endure it for some good food, so thank God for the considerate host who saw two freezing girls and rushed us inside the restaurant into a little corner to wait. THE G O O D SThere's two major reasons why I love this girlfriend of mine. 1) She hangs out with me when everyone is busy. 2) She's willing to splurge a lot on food with me. Between two girls, we ordered 5 dishes (/noshame) : platha and dip, Tea Leaf Salad, lamb samosas, pork curry with potatoes, and Nan Pia Dok (coconut chicken curry flat flour noodles). E v e r y t h i n g was so DARN DELICIOUS. It was a bit awkward because we were seated on a two person table and we were basically seated right next to another couple (our tables were really close). While their dishes stopped coming out after 3 times, ours just kept coming..heh, oops? C'mon, we waited in the cold for half an hour and we were starving...5 dishes is reasonable. I really, really enjoyed everything I put in my mouth, but if I was forced to choose, my favorites were the Tea Leaf Salad (I swear I barely ever eat salads so TRUST ME ON THIS ONE) and the pork curry with coconut rice. The different ingredients of the salad mixed so damn well together, I didn't want it to end. The pork in the curry was flavorful and tender! The horrible thing about curry is that you have to eat it with rice and rice = carbs and carbs = bad :( It's saddening. TL;DR: It's not worth the wait. Go elsewhere.(So I don't have to wait as long. Thanks!)
The Tea Leaf Salad is to die for! Make sure you call ahead and have them put your name down / make a reservation. Otherwise, you will be waiting for at least an hour outside the restaurant. The restaurant itself isn't that big, but it seats a surprisingly large number of people. I would also recommend getting the spicy beef dish and also the garlic noodles...
Not worth the wait.I mean, it's a good thing my boyfriend and I came here at 5:30pm on a Sat. night because the wait was only 30 min. but 30min later the wait increased to 1hr30min...So I was expecting something amazing because of the influx of people here as every minute passed.The restaurant is SUPER tiny..no wonder theres always a wait!!! We sat in the middle of the room, at a tiny table, all squished up next to a pole and another table..I felt like i was having dinner with strangers because we were that close. Also waiters, customers, etc, kept bumping into my chair..We ordered the samusas ($8?), chicken curry stuffed into triangle. They only gave us 3...3?!?! I mean for the price that's a little steep. At least make it a even number so each person can get two.Nan Pia Dok: coconut chicken curry on flat noodles. This was probably the best thing we got. It was flavorful, but not too strong with the coconut. The noodles were also firm yet chewy! Burmese Style Beef Curry: Loved the braised beef, it was perfect!! Each piece would fall off with the touch of my fork. The flavor was all there, such and such but it all wasn't something I've never tasted before. I felt like I could get this at good Thai/Chinese places without the wait.. Still though, they made it very well.So I had good food here but the atmosphere isn't all that great, it's too crowded!!
And after roughly 3-4 years, I finally gave Burma Superstar a second try. Sadly, even with the excitement from its ever increasing popularity it seems, I can't condone more than a 3.5 stars for what it's worth. Here's a short breakdown:The wait is understandable, yet ridiculous. I went for dinner on a Tuesday night. We put our names down at around 5:35, and were seated after 20-25 minutes. Not the craziest wait, but if I wait for somewhere supposedly good, I'd expect the service to be up to par. Once we were seated, we hoped to be asked for water/drinks, but we ended up waiting a bit for even that. After another wait for our waiter to take our orders, we were still waterless. It took around 10-15 minutes before we got our order out. I understand that the place is obviously busy, but considering the popularity of this place and the number of staff they have, service should be somewhat more attentive and prompt.. The aforementioned waiting dragged us down from the starting 5 stars down to a 4. However, what keeps it steady is the food. It's very solid. We ordered a tea leaf salad, the nan pia dok, and a tofu vegetable kebat. The tea leaf salad was yummy, but it played to their advantage because I'm completely in love with nuts, garlic, and of course salads. None of the components were not delicious because how could you mess that up? The dressing was a little towards the salty side, but good nonetheless. The nan pia dok wasn't really anything I've had before. To describe it in short, it was basically a slightly spicy, thin coconut curry fettucine dish. The least exciting dish was the tofu vegetable kebat. For myself, I started off being quite indifferent about it, but grew to like in more periodically for some reason. Maybe I started to accept the spicy, salty, and sour flavors more as time progressed. Lastly, we had an order of the coconut rice. Now, I am definitely not a huge fan of coconut, I really don't like most things with it, but this rice was exceptional. It was super soft, but not overcooked, and super sweet, but not clawingly. The coconut flavor was definitely there, but not at the forefront tackling my tastebuds. The fried garlic garnish definitely, and literally topped it off. Added onto the sweetness with a nice flavor contrast also. So, honestly, Burma Superstar disappointed me the first time I came here a few years ago, and only slightly impressed me this time. Don't get me wrong, the food was quite good, but no more than 4 stars. If you want Burmese food with a shorter wait, I would probably just head to Mandalay on California.. It's similar, maybe a tad lower in quality, but similar still. Overall, the prices are solid, the food is pretty good, but the wait/service is a definite drawback. I can only imagine a busier day.. This equates to a 3 star in my books. At least I gave it a second try right?
Best food in SF so far!!!We went there first on Sunday and we were very surprised to see a crazy long Line waiting outside!! . We were given a 2 hour waiting time.. Decided to go somewhere else instead... But we were back the next day (well in time -5.30p.m) we still had to wait more than half an hour to get in.The food was just amazing. We had palada and dip for appetizers. - flavorful coconut chicken gravy along with an Indian influenced bread ( Indians call it parratha) it was so damn good!Just when we thought that palada cannot be topped, out came the main course- Burmese lamb curry and coconut rice! - (thick lamb gravy with a strong curry base which combines really well with the coconut rice) ---hotel catering just went to a new level.
It's always wonderful to find a great restaurant. It's sad when success compromises what originally made them great. Went on a Tuesday night. Checked in and was told it would be 15 minutes. An hour later, was told the computer was down & they couldn't clear customers out to seat us ( why wouldn't they take a card if necessary, clear the table, seat new guests and keep things moving?)Slow service, no apologies for the delay, food took a very long time and arrived cooler than desired. Drinks didn't arrive, again no apologies and no offer to make up for their continued lack of performance. Sorry to experience this, I don't enjoy leaving a negative review.
I had my first taste of Burmese cuisine here, and oh my goodness...I've been missing out!Everybody talks about their Tea Leaf Salad, so let's go there first:When they say it's a party in your mouth, it's literally a party in your mouth. I have never experienced so many different types of textures and flavors in one single dish. It is a little different, and can be overwhelming at first, but don't knock it 'til you've tried it. It's quite addicting!I was with a group of friends and we wanted to try two different soups. Our server told us that it won't be enough for our group because each order is about 3 bowls(?)But they were nice enough to serve it to us in individual bowls so that we all got to try both soups! A+ service :)Everything we tried here was delicious. If it's your first time eating Burmese food you might not be used to so many flavors in one dish, but it's SO GOOD.Highly recommend.
I order the Tea Leaf Salad every time I come to Burma Superstar and am never disappointed! It's a wickedly flavorful salad with a blend of spices and tangy notes and has great texture.The wait can be long at times (up to 45 mins) but you can leave your name and number with the hostess, grab a drink at a bar nearby, and come back when your table is ready. Will definitely be back!
Absolutely amazing! Some of the best food I have had in my life.Favorites include:Samosa salad - Probably my favorite food on earth. Samosas, greens, garlic, and tamarind sauce. One of the best combinations of flavors and textures.Nan gui dok? - Wonderful noodle dish with chicken in a rich sauce.Tea leaf salad - A classic with intriguing flavors but not nearly as addictive as the samosa salad.The lines are crazy but it is well worth it. By far the best Burmese food in San Francisco.
I've got to say this place is great! I went here after a long day of work on a Sunday. The friend I was with recommended it, so I figured, "why not"? It was the best recommendation ever. First we drove by and there was a line. It was close to closing so maybe people were just hanging out. I took a quick peak at the wait list and saw there was only one party ahead of us. I spoke with the host and he said 10 minutes. It was the quickest 10 minutes, more like 5. Anyway, we sat down and ordered. We had the samosies, noodle salad, and vegetarian curry. All was absolutely great! Oh and did I mention the Ginger Lemonade beer? It was the best, I'm not much into alchohilic beverages but this was definitely worth it. All in all, I highly recommend this place and will be back soon! Can't wait
THE HYPE IS REAL!I made an order through Postmates around 6pm and it took about an hour to get to my house. Not bad for such an endlessly busy restaurant.I ordered the infamous Tea Leaf salad, Burmese Samusas, Pumpkin Pork Stew and the Superstar noodle salad (which is served at room temp). Let me tell you... the Tea Leaf salad does not disappoint! It satisfied every tastebud. You MUST try it.Everything else was equally mouth watering but the Pumpkin Pork stew. The pork was a bit tough but I'm willing to give it another try since the overall flavor was there. Will def re-order all of this and then some!
It definitely is worth the wait. Its kind of like flying all the way to Burma to eat authentic Burmese dish! We ordered a couple of food on the menu but this Classic Chicken Casserole is my favorite!Interior is simple but I like the painting of a Burmese girl by Bagan.
Officially in love with Burmese cuisine. The one hour wait is well worth it! The tea leaf salad was delicious, crunchy, and savory! I also enjoyed the tofu okra, so tasty! I have never had okra prepared with these various spices. It paired well with the side of brown and coconut rice we had ordered. I STRESS THAT THE COCONUT RICE IS A MUST HAVE. My friend and I also tried a traditional burmese dish with shrimp (to which I cannot recall the name). I was expecting it to be more spicy, but it was good enough. Give their ginger iced tea a try too, it's a good fresher to pair with the dishes. Can't wait to go back! :D
Being someone who is crazy about cooking, my boyfriend and I like exploring different restaurants and sometimes stealing ideas. Came to this restaurant few weeks back with a friend and I'm not lying, the food here is hands down the best so far. Totally won my heart. I'm taking my daughter, my boyfriend and his family (brother from NYC) today despite having to wait outside in the rainy day for the table. Their Tea Leaf salad is a bomb!!
Went here for the first time this past weekend and I can say that I am a fan.They have a good amount of vegetarian/vegan items.I really wanted to try their tea leaf salad, but since it was 8 PM, me and my friend decided we don't want the caffeine. The waiter suggested the rainbow salad. All I can say is YUM! Great flavors mixed together, so you cannot go wrong. I am sure the rainbow salad is similar to the tea leaf salad without the tea leaves.We got also the mixed vegetable curry and fire stir fried tofu. Both good in their own way although the tofu dish was definitely better. The curry itself was good and spicy as we requested.Fast service and good food. What more can you ask for? Oh yeah, the wait can be long. We probably waited 20 minutes and this was on a Sunday night after 8 PM.
Awesome place, one of my favs in SF!!!!
We went for lunch on a Saturday, it was super crowded. Service was fast and servers were very knowledgeable. We ordered tea leaf salad, which everyone should get! It was light, crunchy, and yummy as I don't usually like thousand island or Ceaser because they tend to overpower the salad. Mint chicken was also very good, very spicy. Coconut rice was superb, it smells very good and has a very strong scent of coconut.
Definitely worth the long wait. We must have ordered 10 different things, and all of it was spectacular.
I've never had Burmese before and I was told this was a must do in SF. The waitress suggested I have the chicken casserole, and for me it was a home run.
Scrump-diddily-yumtious.I heard that the lines here are usually quite horrendous but I was in the area one weekend and decided to drop by during the earlier dinner hours and did not have to wait at all!We shared the Classic Burmese Chicken & Shrimp Casserole and Bun Tay Kauswer between two and were incredibly stuffed. The casserole was unexpectedly extremely flavorful. The chicken was extremely moist, shrimp super jumbo, rice aromatic with accents of cardamom and cinnamon. I also enjoyed the slivers of peanuts throughout the casserole, it added a nice texture to the dish. As much as I enjoyed the casserole, I also really enjoyed the noodle dish. The server took the liberty of thoroughly mixing the dish for us. If you're a fan of the coconut milk like I am, then you would also enjoy this dish. It was super saucy but the slice hard boiled egg really made the dish for me. Extremely flavorful. Although a bit on the higher end of the price range for asian cuisine, I would say that Burma Superstar is definitely worth the price. I've visited the Oakland location in the past and I don't think there was any dish I didn't think was extremely flavorful and wouldn't order again. Unfortunately, I came in a party of only two and our stomachs could only afford to order 2 dishes. Had I come in a bigger party, I would have also ordered the tea leaf salad, which I hear is a must try. But that's okay, a better reason for me to come back ^_^.
Went here with a group of 8- 2 hour wait for the foodTea Leaf Salad- was goodSpicy and Crispy Chicken- tasted like orange chicken-passNan Pia Dok- was goodCoconut rice - goodChili Lamb-goodFiery beef- mediocrecouple of beers and other dishes but I forgotService was goodFood was salty- but goodmore like a 3.5 than a 4$225
Came here on a friend's recommendation, and it was well worth the effort.Getting here at 5 when they open for dinner, you still may find an hour or more wait. We got in line and got a table an hour later. The neighborhood has plenty of spots nearby to get a coffee, tea, or beer to kill time. The restaurant will call you when you're ready.Great service, and the food was a treat. The tea leaf salad was really unique, something I'm glad I got to try here. There was something almost cheese-like from the fermentation, like you'd find in a bleu. The myriad reviews on the salad are right, it's a must-have.For mains, my wife and I ordered a pork curry and a noodle salad. Both were outstanding. The noodle salad was room temperature, and full of crunchy fried garlic. Very refreshing!Try the lychee tea, too. You get an awesome tea, and then get to fish the lychee out for a treat!
So there is a bit of a wait here, but what would you expect with a place so hyped up that was featured on the food network! and we actually called ahead, maybe 45ish minutes early and they put our name down, so when we got there we only had to wait 15 minutes or so. And it's really clear to me that they are trying their hardest to get everyone in as soon as possible, so I think its worth the wait. Just come prepared!We ordered vegetarian samusa soup, okra tofu, coconut rice, garlic eggplant, and Shan noodles. the coconut rice was some of the best i've ever had, i reccomend it with whatever else you get! my favorite dishes were probably the samusa soup and the garlic eggplant. I generally love eggplant so I might be biased, but it was a hit with everyone, so if you like eggplant definitely give it a try. the samusa soup was a really good appetizer, I love samusa's but i didn't know how they would work in a soup and only ordered it because it was featured on the food network but it was so yummy!I think the service was pretty good and the food was delicious. In my opinion, this place is definitely worth the hype!
Way overhyped. Not a fan of the menu where everything is spicy and they couldn't modify things. Ended up having to get the very Americanized dish of sweet and sour chicken. Also, they need bigger water glasses. Only thing they did "ok" was managing the line...we didn't have to wait way too long. Overall: Meh. I won't be back, but instead, I'm very much a fan of the nearby restaurant Rangoon Superstar.
So, absolutely LOVED the lamb, I seriously could not stop eating that thing, we basically licked the plate clean. I'm gonna have to go with 4 stars though cause that was the only good dish. I know the tea leaf salad is a lot of people's favorite and everyone told us how good it was before we went. However, after my friends and I tasted it for ourselves, we just could not see how anyone could find this dish tasty. The flavor was really weird and it tasted more like soap than anything else. We took maybe 2 bites and just could not eat it anymore. Maybe it was just our dish in particular that was off that day? In any case, would NOT recommend the tea leaf salad.
One of my favorite places to eat in SF. Food is just delicious for no reason ;) Must try tea leaf salad, pumpkin stew, noodles, coconut rice, and spicy chicken. I typically like my food more spicy but they have a good balance of heat that's not too unbearable. It's always crowded so be prepared to wait. I actually think take-out is a great option here to avoid the wait and do something a little different for take-out.
The Tea Leaf salad is a must try! With every bite you eat, you simply want more!!! Also, on a breezy day, try the Catfish Soup. Yummy, brothy noodles with a slight chili kick. Awesome food.
Burma Superstar. You are a gem in the Inner Richmond. I've been here a few times but I'm moved to finally write a review today because our waiter, Kenneth (I didn't get a chance to ask for his name but this was the name written on my receipt so I hope this is correct), was incredibly amazing. My girl friend and I ordered the Rainbow Salad for an appetizer and shared the Burmese Chicken & Shrimp Casserole and the Nan Gyi Dok noodle dish. Our eyes were wider than our stomachs but we did a pretty great job clearing out our meal- everything was delicious and cooked wonderfully. It was my first time getting the Casserole and I'm glad we were daring to try something new. Unlike a lot of the other dishes on the menu, the casserole came with rice so we didn't HAVE to get the coconut rice that I usually order. (Kenneth was kind and offered us a bowl of coconut rice anyways!) The noodles complimented the meal very well and we were so full at the end of our meal! The service from everyone was quite attentive- our water glasses were always full and everything came out fairly quickly. We were in and out in less than an hour!Highly recommend bringing friends in town to this restaurant.And thank you for going above and beyond for customer service, Kenneth!
The one and a half hour wait time is totally worth it!Pro tip : call them an hour in advance to book your spot and skip the lines when you get there!The dahl chicken was something i hadn't had before but always felt it was an interesting combination. Although, i'd like it to have more dahl/ gravyThe chilli lamb was also tasty. However, I'd prefer if it was a little less oily and had more of that lamb flavor. Overall the service and food were both great! Definitely worth a visit for Burmese food.
Been eating here for a number of years - it's excellent food. Order the tea leaf salad, the crispy duck with pork fried rice and the Koi Soi. Best items on the menu in my opinion :)
worst restaurant ever.I feel bad for these vegetarian hipsters who think this is great asian/Burmese food.No one dining at Burmese Superstar is Burmese. Expect long waits, bad quality.They cant even get diet coke right. for a restaurant this successful why try to bring guests flat rc cola
After hearing nothing but good things from friends about Burma Superstar, I finally got to try it out.Just beat the lunch rush on a Friday and ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa soup, Superstar vegetarian noodles, chicken coconut curry noodles, coconut rice, and pork stew. All very delicious and filling dishes. The curry was different from other Thai curries with a light but still creamy consistency.The coconut rice is a must, for the smell alone.
I always like being a hype buster, but this place was pretty good, not great, but pretty good. I got here with a friend around 6 and luckily got seated right away (by the time we left around 7 there was a huge wait). Ambiance is pretty nice and the servers mix your food for you and serve your soups (an added bonus is that they actually talk to you and don't just silently stir your food awkwardly). A different, and honestly kind of nice experience.FOOD: I'm sorry, but the tea leaf salad was not out of this world. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not amazing. It wanted to be a savory dish but it missed out on a little bit of flavor. I wish it had more freshness from either more lemon or more jalapenos. There just wasn't enough to compliment the rest of the flavors to make this an elite dish. I did enjoy the texture from the sunflower seeds. THAT part, was amazing.NAN GYI DOK. My absolute favorite dish from the place that I have craved every single day after leaving this establishment. The firm, bouncy noodles covered in a rich, tangy curry complemented by egg and perfect fried red onion that gives it the extra kick and crunchiness that it so needs, makes this my favorite dish. Next time I come here, I'm probably going to order a couple orders of this. It was that good to me.The Pumpkin Pork Stew was good but I wish the pork had more flavor. The stew was very good on top of the coconut rice which itself was light and flavorful. The kabocha was cooked perfectly and definitely brought its own light flavor and texture to the dish. The pork was slow cooked to the point of falling apart but it lacked ever so slightly a bit of fattiness or some other additional flavoring.The Vegetarian Samusa Soup was very good. I cannot really pinpoint what was what but needless to say, it was great. The flavors balanced each other and some sort of fried starch kept its crunchiness in the soup which was perfect.My favorite part about these dishes were the balance of textures. Each ingredient did its part. I loved how in most dishes there was something at least ever so slightly crunchy. I fully enjoyed my experience here.I will definitely be back.
Decent Burmese place, if a little cramped. I came here with some friends that I'd signed up for belay lessons at Planet Granite for a dinner before climbing at their suggestion--they live in the area and like the place.Not the first time I've had Burmese, but I don't have a ton of experience with it and can't vouch for the authenticity. That said, the food is pretty good--I liked the tea leaf salad (an apparently staple at Burmese places?) and they were happy to make the shan noodles vegetarian for me. The tofu tower was also quite nice, as was the samusa soup and lentil curry. The friends and Mr. Piano got the pork belly and something else I couldn't have, and seemed pleased with those dishes as well. At any rate, there are accommodations for vegetarians here, and accommodations if you have an egg allergy as well, although I suspect there may have been a slight amount of cross-contamination, possibly in the shan noodles, as I didn't feel quite right after the meal and after having the leftover vegetarian shan noodles, but that's always a risk.Not sure if I'll be back again, but it seems reasonably likely given my friends like the place. As the rating text says, the place is A-OK.
We ordered the Tea Salad- don't question it, just get it. It has a wonderful umami flavor. We also ordered the chili beef and lamb curry with a side of coconut rice. All has extremely flavorful and paired wonderfully with the creamy coconut rice. If I find myself in the area, I'll definately stop by!
Crowded as F.Awesome food. If you've never had Burmese the Mohinga and Tea Leaf Salads are "must order".Food is on the pricey side.As a tip if you're willing to drive the Alameda location I find nearly identical in quality and there is little to no wait for a table. Do yourself a favor and take a little drive if you can.
Overrated is the first word that comes to mind. The tea salad and samusa soup are quite good, but not mind blowing in the least. The spicy chicken had zero spice, and had too much dough. The ambience was horrid: dim lighting, stuffy and overcrowded, waiters kept bumping my chair, I had to freeze every time food came, and absolutely no privacy; I could hear every single word my neighbors were saying, and often they would start to discuss topics that I was talking about. No idea why it is so crowded, I again maintain that Bay Area cuisine (and art) has in the past left one desperate for options, which is incredulous considering the wealth and sheer cultural variety here. But I see a lot of fantastic new initiatives popping up recently.
One of my Top 3 restaurants in the Bay Area and at a very cheap price! Favorite dish is the samosa soup. Not a huge soup guy but this thing is full with flavor and crunchy texture from the fried samosas, falafels and potatoes. The tea leaf salad changes your mind on salads and makes you say, oh ok. Yeah that good. The Chili Lamb with the coconut rice with fried garlic chips on top is a solid choice. Can't go wrong trying anything here. The other locations are good but this is by far the best
Oh man. So disappointed in the hype. Couldn't try it the first time I visited so insisted the next time I was in SF. The wait wasn't too bad, 30 mins approximately. Food just wasn't as mind blowing as all reviews make it seem. The tea salad, yes although it was tasty, so what????? To be a recognized dish, it kind of threw me. Everything else was flavorful enough but just okay. Staff was really friendly though. I had really high expectations unfortunately. Maybe it's because I'm used to Asian food.
Went there for the New Year day's lunch and man did we make the right choice! The Yelp reviews certainly do justice to this place and the waiting line outside serve as the evidence in itself. We had all the recommended dishes starting with the Vegetarian Samusa Soup, Tea Salad and the Platha dip to go with their selection of herbal teas. For the entres, we ordered the Mint Chicken, Nan Gyi Dok and Tao Pan rice. Perfect spices and taste, highly recommended.
Such a good lunch spot! Stumbled across here with my bf while in sf and decided to give it a try since people have recommended it. It was sooooo interesting and different. We ordered tea lead salad, coconut chicken curry noodles and coconut rice. The waitress actually recommended we eat the coconut rice with the tea leaf salad which was strange but we gave it a try- so good!!!!! The tea leaf salad (contrary to my thoughts) had a tea leaf paste in the center of the plate. The plate arrived with all the ingredients in the salad around the plate with the tea leaf paste in the middle and the waitress explained everything (there were about 30 ingredients!!!) and then mixed everything in front of us. It was cool watching that. The flavors of the salad were incredible and unlike anything I've ever tried - it was mild yet tangy yet spicy yet complex. It was so unique. Then the coconut rice on its own is amazing, but with the salad it gave it a whole new flavor profile. Definitely recommend trying it that way. The coconut chicken noodles were also sooooo interesting and unique and delicious. I'm obsessed with asian noodles but this is just completely different from all the noodles I've had before. It was spicy and sweet but had a creamy/mild texture. It was soooooo good Overall, must try because its so delicious and unique
The food was pretty good. There's a couple of dishes that I would definitely come back for but maybe not for a 2 hour wait.We had:Tea Leaf Saladyelp.com/biz_photos/burmThis was as good as people say. I would definitely order this again.Vegetarian Samosa Soupyelp.com/biz_photos/burmNot a fan. It was sour and salty and the samosa was mushed up so it kind of just tasted like bean soup or something. I thought this sounded like an interesting concept but not a fan of the execution.Nan Gyi Dokyelp.com/biz_photos/burmDelicious! Maybe a tad too salty but the texture of the noodles were nice and mixed really well with the rest of the ingredients. This is another dish that I would go back for.Pumpkin Pork Stewyelp.com/biz_photos/burmThis was alright. The pork was very tender as was the pumpkin but the flavors just weren't there for me.Lychee Iced Teayelp.com/biz_photos/burmDecent tea, very light flavor. I liked eating the lychee in the tea more than drinking the tea itself. I would probably not get this again.We also got a side of coconut rice which was amazing! It's sweeter than you'd expect and tasted like the dessert coconut rice you'd get with mango pudding but with the normal rice texture.
One of the most tastiest meals I've had in SF, let alone ever. My recommendations? Fiery beef with coconut rice. No need to write another stellar review because the stars, fellow yelpers, and THE WAIT speak for itself. Enjoy!
A MUST go place if you visit SF. This place is always packed. We came here for lunch on weekdays. Fortunately, there is no waiting line and we being sorted very quickly. If you don't want to wait for a long time. I suggest come here for lunch on weekdays. They lose one star because the waiter just missed one of my order before I mentioned to him. But, overall the food is very good. Highly recommended place for vegetarians.
Great find recommended from a friend. In a busy Asian area and a very busy / packed restaurant. We had tea leaf and Rainbow salad - both excellent. The samosa based soup easily served 4 of us and the *Nan Gyi Dok (curried chicken rice noodle ) which were all excellent. Getting there early - 5-5:30 is best as we had to wait 15 mins and later the wait can be 1:30. They work quickly and food is really fresh and flavorful
Everyone knows about Burma Superstar, and everyone raves about it. I just don't get it. I came here a few years back and had the SALTIEST experience at any restaurant in my life!To start, we had the tea leaf salad. It was soooo salty! and unfortunately, they mix it for you, so the entire salad was contaminated with saltiness. I think it could be from the preserved tea leaf. If I come again, I will ask to mix this myself, so that I can control the saltiness.Then, the lemon juice in there... Yes acidity balances out salt, but too much of both is just a little bit too flavorful and not what I would call balanced.For the main, I shared a beef stir fry type dish, and again it was extremely salty. You would have to eat a lot of rice to go with it! (Maybe that's good for large groups? Less meats needed!)I have a feeling I'll probably end up back here at some point since people like it so much, but I hope that the next time I'm back, my experience will be different.
Service is exceptional - they give great advice and truly want you to have a great dining experience. I had the mango chicken with coconut rice but wish I had gotten the rainbow salad that the person next to me ordered. Hint: if you get the salad, mix the coconut rice in with the salad!
I have never had Burmese food before, but I can tell you it's pretty bomb. The restaurant is kind of small so I would not come with more than 4 people. I would say 6 people would be pushing it, but they do have one giant table that could fit like 8-10 people. There are no reservations so I would advise calling in advance to see how long the wait appears to be and seeing if you could put your name next on the list.The parking around the Clement St location is hard to find. Well at least convenient parking is hard to find. The green parking meters mean 15 minutes max and the yellow ones mean 30 minutes max in case you don't know. Hopefully you'll find a regular meter that's not yellow or green. I would say it appears to be a pretty popular area to come to as it is like a mini-Chinatown (I am not from SF or NorCal). My two friends and I decided to family style and order a dish each and share. We ordered the mango chicken, basil chili lamb, Burmese style shrimp curry, and 3 orders of coconut rice. Every dish was delicious and it all hit the spot as we were recovering from a night out on Polk St lol. Yes, I would order those dishes again, but next time I want to try other dishes like their famous Tea Leaf or Rainbow salad and Nan Pia Dok. Oh yeah ask your server what dishes go best with coconut rice if you are interested in trying.P.S. The food is kind of on the expensive side but how often do you get a chance to try Burmese food? Just saying. This isn't a restaurant you eat at every day, but every once in awhile you should come in and splurge a little. Spoil yourself with these Burmese riches.
This place was off the hook. So it doesn't take ressies, but I knew that. I came for lunch and dinner and I have to say I was having a mouth-gasm. The samusa, tea leaf salad and fiery chicken were the bomb. The fried rice and lamb curry dish were also amazing. It's a fast-paced place that feels a little rushed at dinner but I totally recommend coming here if you visit the bay area. The servers were more than happy to make suggestions ad tell us what you would love to eat. Indian people you will love burmese food.. so try it !!!!!
Question: What takes longer? An actual trip to Burma, or waiting in the inevitable line at Burma Superstar? I'm not sure of the answer, but I'm willing to bet the food at Superstar is just as authentic and probably better then it's homeland counterparts. If you told me before eating their "rainbow and tea leaf salads", that you could actually crave a salad, I would have accused you of being a pinko-fascist. But, color me corrected...the 22! ingredient rainbow salad is near spellbinding, it's all at once spicy and cool, sweet and sour, salty and tangy, crunchy and succulent. The platha bread and dip made me forsake my manners as I literally licked the bottom of the to-die-for coconut curry bowl. Damn, I say, I'd put that $h*# on anything! The lamb curry was juicy and tender enough to slice through with a chop stick. The spicy shrimp was an impressive third act and...oh, did I mention for under $60 we had enough food left over for a week. Just plan on getting there at least an hour before you're hungry...I actually had to break down and get a milk shake from next door while I waited because my blood sugar has less patience then my will.
The hype is the real deal. Trust me. I'm speaking from experience. I had 3 days and 2 nights in San Francisco, and of all the food places we could have visited, we ended up visiting Burma Superstar--twice--literally for dinner one day, and for lunch the next. It's that good. I'm actually wishing I were there as I'm writing this review right now.When it comes down to the food, we ended up ordering the tea leaf salad (on both days), the rainbow salad, chili lamb, braised pork and pumpkin stew, coconut rice, and the cinnamon saffron rice, and to be completely and totally honest, I loved every dish. Obviously, some more than others, but I was genuinely satisfied with every dish. My favorites, however, would have to be the rainbow salads and the tea leaf salad, but if you could only choose one (why would you limit yourself to such sadness), I'd definitely go for the tea leaf salad. It's light, fresh, flavorful, and ridiculously texturally satisfying. It might be the crunchiest salad I've ever had. The 50 different components help to create an insane amount of dimension, not only in taste, but also in texture, which helps to round out the dish, making it so satisfying on so many different levels. The fermented tea, which serves as the dressing on the salad, adds a very subtle green-tea-seaweed type of flavor, which might sound absolutely dreadful, but I can guarantee you that it is ridiculously pleasant. The cinnamon saffron rice was my personal favorite, but my friend was absolutely addicted to the coconut rice. The saffron rice, however, seemed like a melting pot of Indian and Moroccan flavors, and both pair extremely well with curry-like flavors and dishes. The chili lamb was reminiscent of Chinese Szechuan dishes, and it was great as well...I'm telling you guys...I'm honestly dreaming of the day I can head back, so if you're in the area, be sure to give this place a try because this--this, my friends is what dreams are made of, and yes, the hype really is the real deal!P.S. If there's a wait and you're not too far from the restaurant, you can call ahead to get your name on the waiting list! Just ask nicely!
Brought my dad here along with two of my friends. We were all really hungry, there was a long wait, and so we got even hungrier. At least they have tea while you wait? We ordered a lot of food family style. Tea Leaf Salad: It has been featured on the food network and the taste is unlike anything else I've ever had. Certainly worth a try, although just ordering one and sharing among all of us was enough.Burmese style curry with Catfish: This dish was my favorite, would definitely order again! It came out piping hot, the catfish was perfectly crisp on the outside but the inside was still soft. The only surprise was that the curry was not as liquid as I would have thought - it was served on a plate. Garlic Noodles with Duck: Good, but nothing spectacular.Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole With Cardamom Cinnamon Rice: The chicken is slow-cooked and tender, and the rice is really good as well. I'd gladly eat the rice on its own.Chili Lamb: Was a bit overseasoned for my taste. I could barely tell what kind of meat it was.Okra with Tofu: Probably the healthiest item we had ordered, and coincidentally enough, the one I ate the least of. Coconut Rice x 2: We got this because the casserole already comes with Tan Poi. It's actually quite a large serving, so perhaps if we weren't so hungry, maybe it could be enough for more than one person.Fresh Lemon Ginger Iced Tea: I really liked this as well, it was very refreshing and a great accompaniment to the rest of the meal. This wasn't too sweet by my standards (and I drink boba with 0% sugar). Overall, although not cheap, an excellent meal worth the price, especially since we got so much food. Some items are OK, some are flat out amazing. If you don't want to wait, come early before/just as they open.
First timer here, it was great! The only reason why I didn't give it a 5-star review is because I thought they didn't take reservation (based on yelp) but apparently they do. So I had to go and make reservation and the wait was 1 & 1/2 hours. Also, the spacing for each table was incredibly close. So if you are claustrophobic, do take out. Ordered the tea leaf salad, Nan Gyi Dok, and braised pork with sesame seed on top. These dishes deserve a five star. They are very tasty, delicious, and different. Definitely recommended for everyone to try. I also ordered the coconut rice and that was also delicious. I will definitely come back again but for take out this time!
Holy cow! Talk about life changing!I had no idea what to expect when I first came in to try burmese but MY GOD!It's glorious! I had dreams about the tea leaf salad's fermented tea leaves and fried garlic two days later. So much so, that I hunted down a Burmese place by my work and walked 15 minutes to it. It was great, but there was no fried garlic and I was SO disappointed. My husband is OBSESSED with the beef curry. I'm still thinking about how great the coconut rice is. It isn't sweet at all and adds the greatest flavor to the dish!The first time here I had the chicken and shrimp casserole that was awesome! But FILLING.Second time I had the curry chicken noodles and I think next time I'll try something else. It was great but I'm personally not a huge fan of hard boiled egg and noodles.Highly recommend. I would come here just to test every salad. I want to try the rainbow salad SO bad, but I can't peel myself away from tea leaf! DREAMS! Next time I'll get the tea leaf salad and the curry bread app. The curry is to die for...Salivating thinking about it.
Off the charts good. Tea leaf salad, vegetable soup and garlic shrimp were all super flavorful. Service was great too. Went on a Tuesday night and the wait was less than 30 minutes; which is a lot better than most days there. Definitely check it out on an off day and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!
Amazing. Just fantastic. Loooonnng wait. We had oxtail soup, among other things. So good!!! Have not tried the tea leaf salad yet. The main reason we haven't been back is the wait times.
A week after Mandalay, I was feeling restless. I was lushing for that Burmese delight on my palate again. Took my supervisor who visited from LA to it, but found it closed for the day for thanksgiving that week, so we decided to hop to Burma to find a long line. Tried out Burma way before my yelping years so i never wrote a review on it. But here I am 5 years later!It was a torturous 45 min wait Saturday afternoon. Hungry Chena + Long wait in the cold= Grumpy Hulk-like Chena. They had a hot tea station outside though, knowing their waits are long and how cold it is outside.~.:: Service::.~To the waitress, who is super happy and enlightening, props to you for calming down the hulk in me. She apologized and thanked us for waiting and was SO HAPPY and friendly! I LIKE HER! I wish all waitresses were like her! She took our order and recommended to us what was popular! She made things easier for me to choose from! When food came, waiter came and explained to how us everything works and mixed our noodles and salad for us!~.::FOOD::.~Tea leaf salad (3 stars): FRESH tea leaves from BURMA and I can taste it! Be aware of whats in the salad because you may be allergic! The crunchy lettuce was something new that I usually dont see in this dish, but it was ok..... Didnt really like that in it. The texture of the garlic and peanuts excited my taste buds. Waiter came over to mix and explain the dish to us.yelp.com/biz_photos/burmBurmese style Lamb curry (4.5 stars): Super tender lamb immersed in incredible flavorful curry. Made me want to stop, drop, and commemorate. haha yelp.com/biz_photos/burmMango chicken (3 stars): Decent dish but could use a kick and needs more flavor. Didnt really pick up any "mango"-ness to it. yelp.com/biz_photos/burmPlatha and dip (3 stars): flavorless curry for the dip and the platha was very dryyelp.com/biz_photos/burmNan gyi dok (3stars): decent thick noodles, not super amazing like the waitress said it would be. Least flavorful of all the dishes however good texture of noodlesyelp.com/biz_photos/burmOur total came out to be $65! Pulled out my wallet to pay since they were guests, BALLERRRR. Ok jk .. no I cried after #collegestudentproblems.
So there's over 5000 reviews for a reason. I just moved to the Richmond district and being that I'm a fanatic for salad. Holy shit. This place is hands down my new favorite spot. I'm sure the employees at this place is going to get sick of me from coming too much. So I got the rainbow salad, pretty staple at this place. 22 ingredients that are super prime. The salad consists of supreme flavorful ingredients that are unique to the palette. It's tangy, fresh yet rich in its aromas and spices, crispy and crunchy in texture. The different noodles create a fun textural experience with a nice bite to the noodles. Overall, the salad just doesn't get boring. Every bite doesn't get sickening. The fried garlic & onions are to die for. I try to avoid those and save them for last! You really can't say anything that goes against how on point and amazing this place is. As a health freak, this place is def a treat, but it's freakin worth it! The overall ambiance of the restaurant is fun and super fast paced, maybe a good place for people that hate awkward silences on a first date. As crowded as this place always is (there's a line before the place even opens), it is just as loud! I don't mind it at all. As a matter of fact, the line gives the place thrill and excitement. Makes me appreciate the little gem on Clement street. Anyhow Burma superstar, I'll see you again very soon :)
I'm from LA and every time I come to SF this place is a must go. Their food is unique and they're not afraid to make it spicy. You can really experience a new culture here and good food that will warm your soul. Their tea tree salad is AMAZING! Food comes out super fast and service is very good. There is always a wait to be seated just FYI but it really is worth it.
I like the atmosphere of this restaurant. The food is good, not excellent but it is good.
I've heard SoOOoo much about this place prior to visiting San Fran. So I decided to go, BEST decision ever! Luckily I went around 1 pm and there wasn't a wait !!! Got sat, yes it is a little small and may feel like other people are right on top of you but the FOOD is worth it! So just put away the claustrophobia for a minute and ENJOY the moment!! I got the tea leaf salad and the curry beef. Amazing!
How is this place so delicious??? I just don't know how they do it! It's like they cook their food with love! Rainbow Salad - Awesome dish. Made with "22 ingredients" all nicely organized on a plate right before they mix it for you at your table. All the different flavors of noodles, papaya, onions, and so forth just becomes one big happy colorful family... and then gets eaten! Very unique dish I never had and was quite good. Chicken Curry Dahl - Tender and juicy chicken smothered in a delicious curry sauce. Each bite just keeps you wanting more. Goes very well with regular rice but I bet it would go even better with coconut rice. The curry sauce has this flavor in it that I can't pin down because its different. Very good dish that I would recommend. Sesame Chicken - What? Ordering sesame chicken at a Burmese restaurant? Why not! The chicken was very crispy and the sauce was awesome. I think this is a must-go-to place if you are ever in SF. Right after your dinner, you should walk across the street for a crepe to-go at Genki Crepes. It's hand held and probably one of the best crepes you will ever have. During dinner this place can get pretty busy with lines outside the door. Parking may be an issue to unless you are lucky with the metered parking close-by. Check the time when parking meters are free so you won't look like a fool putting in quarters on a free meter lol.
ANOTHER 5 STAR REVIEW? REALLY? YES REALLY!Ate here a few times and never wrote a review,Gonna keep this one short[+] Tea leaf Salad (MUST GET)[+] You can call ahead for food orders/ deliveries[+] Staff is attentive and friendly[+] Lettuce WRAP YUMMMM!!![+] Decent prices![+] Atmosphere is welcoming [-] Small restaurant, you might have to listen to some private chats HAHAH[-] Usually a line depending on what time you go. It is best to do a late lunch around 2:30pm, usually the line isn't too bad at this time.
Tea Leaf Salad FTW!This place is one of my NorCal favorites. When I come here I always get their Tea Leaf Salad because its off the chain! It's romaine lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, chopped peanuts, sesame seeds, tomatoes, and jalapenos. I like how they serve this on your table. They mix this freshly made salad plate in front of you. This may seem like a light salad but with all this toppings it makes it a tasty healthy choice (well, excluding the fried garlic, fried yellow beans and chopped peanuts).Anyways, eating the fried garlic and sesame seeds you can feel the crunch! You can have shrimp on this but I elected not to. Now only if I can have this everyday, I could probably trickle down a few pounds. I'm not too much into salads but this Tea Leaf Salad made me a true Burma fan!On my last visit here I've also tried their Mint Chicken. It's minced meat, mint, gloves of garlic, cilantro, jalapeno and topped with roasted red peppers. Burma didn't lose their Mojo on this one! The chicken wasn't greasy. If your looking for flavorful burst you wont get on this, because the mints and garlic holds it down and it's spices brings out that tastiness. This whole plate was classic and made just right. In all of my visits here, this place provides awesome service!When I think of San Francisco, Burma is always on my itinerary because of its Superstar status.
Great food. Beware the lines. We came an hour before closing on a Tuesday night, and still had to wait 45 minutes to be seated.Rainbow salad is REALLY good. I've eaten Rainbow Salad at 3 Burmese places since, and I can honestly say Burma Superstar had the best.Their coconut rice was so good. Very fragrant, and went really well with our pumpkin stew pork. I also got a fresh coconut drink, totally worth it.This was the first time I tried Burmese food, and I loved it all. Been to two Burmese places since (Burma Cafe and Mandalay), and I do think Burma Superstar was the best.
Phenomenal food highly recommend the vegitarian soup that was featured on food network. The lychee mint mojito has fresh ingredients and it's delicious. The coconut rice is a must and we enjoyed the mango beef but it was not as good as the beef. Best Burmese food in the city!
Completely bitchy staff. They close at 10 and have been turned away before 930. Twice. I like the food and service of BStar, but I have never enjoyed the service of this Burma Superstar. Always rude, no matter that we've been visiting for years.. BStar and the Berkeley Burma superstar are good, but I would much rather spend my time at Mandalay than this Richmond location.
OH MY GOD! can i just say that? hahaokay the best burmese spot I've been to! so so so so so good! and i just love the vibe here! the salads are my fave!
LOVE! Great delicious food. We had the tea salad. It was great - crunchy, healthy - this coming from a person who doesn't even like salads. We went with mint chicken and burmese lamb curry. We had palatha and rice on the side. I got a coconut water and D got beer. Service was not too fast since it was very busy. But we were not starving so did not have a problem with it. Loads of choice. Gotta visit again.One star off due to wait. Ours was 30 min but people who came after had to wait for 2 hrs or so. This is a bit crazy and they need to something in order to respect customer's time.
I'm obsessed with this place. I'd be happy living off of the food here. Love all of their curry noodle dishes, sesame chicken, coconut rice & tea leaf salad (surprise, surprise). Although the you have to wait an insane amount of time, sometimes up to 2 hours but usually a little over an hour, it's worth it. I always put my name in and since I luckily live very close, wait at home while enjoying a glass of wine! There are also some cool neighboring places to grab a beer or some sangria while waiting. They also text you when your table is ready which is really great. Service is always friendly and fast. This past Sunday we came here for a date night and the host, Colin, asked us to scoot down to the table next to us (2 top) from our original 4 top. This was no big deal at all to us, but after we paid our check, he kindly came over and told us to pick a desert off the menu on him! Now that's caring service. Made our night and we loved the fried dough/condensed milk/fruit dessert we had. Differently not need but so kind and made us already look forward to our next time here. Which, let's be real, will probably be next week.
I took my family here because my sister has never had Burmese food before, and I know of their vegetarian options. Plus it was 4:30 and I knew that line would just be forming then.My family was seated promptly after they opened. We ordered veggie samusas, Burmese chicken and shrimp casserole, tofu vegetable kebat, sesame beef, platha, and black rice pudding with a side of macapuno ice cream. The veggie samusas come in orders of three, and the waitress kindly asked us if we wanted 4. It was a $1-something extra. The casserole came with biryani rice seasoned with cinnamon. It went really well with the chicken, which was moist. Some of the shrimp was dry and overcooked. My sister enjoyed her kebat, but the firm tofu was very firm and didn't pick up the curry well. The platha is fried bread, and you can't go wrong with that. The sesame beef, to me, was the best dish of all. The beef was so tender, and it had both savory and sweet notes with the orange sauce. The rice pudding with a side of the macapuno ice cream was the perfect way to end our dining experience.And the service was awesome! Our waitress was really helpful, and made sure we were taken care of. There were a group of 8 and a group of 12, along with the other patrons that stood in line with us, and my party was not forgotten.The total bill was $88 for a family of four. My family averages around $50, but (1) it is San Francisco, and (2) the food was worth it. I recommend this place if you're in the area, and if you don't mind waiting in line.
Long story short: This place is a bit over-hyped. The food was pretty good, but not worth waiting more than 20 minutes for. I'd rather go Thai or Indian.Short story long: I was here with my girlfriend on a Sunday afternoon right before the doors opened for dinner. We decided to give it a try since there wasn't the normally long wait. It was a bit early for dinner so we didn't order much. We got the Rainbow Salad and the Oh Noh Kauswer (coconut noodle soup) and side of coconut rice. The salad was the best part because of their light and tangy dressing. I'm not a big fan of coconut milk, so the soup was good to try, but I won't be getting it again. The coconut rice was good, but it was a bit too sugary to be a side dish. Now, if you put some mangoes on top and serve it for dessert. That'd be great!The atmosphere was nice. it's in a nice cozy restaurant with a very helpful staff.Before mixing the salad in front of us, the server made sure to explain all the ingredients and answered all our questions.One more thing:We were sitting by their take-out cashier and had to listen to a couple people complain about being coaxed into taking their meals home instead of dining in, to save them time. They were upset because they ended up having to wait longer than the eat-in folks! The staff was nice about it and apologized. Though - I don't think that made the hungry people feel much better.
Best Burmese restaurant on the Planet! Get there a half hour early, they open at 5:00 pm. It's all so good.
This is definitely a SF must have! We got there 20 minutes before they open so we definitely secure a table right when they're open. I love love love their tea leaf salad, it's quite different from any other salad I've tried and I'm definitely not a salad-person. There's no meat in the salad but the flavor is there! The tea leaves makes it so flavorful and savory! Yum! We also tried their Burmese beef curry and garlic noodle with ducks! Both were delicious! We also tried their mango lasse and coconut juice. The coconut was so refreshing and the mango was fruity & yummy. The service was great and very attentive! Highly recommended and would definitely come back for more!
So this is the spot that everyone raves about. I just moved to SF and all I hear is "go to burma". So I went. Yup GO TO BURMA. Here are the musts: the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad.Order anything else you want for your size group but those are the two must haves.Unless you go at an off hour, be prepared to wait. Trust me the wait is worth it. Plus if you want, put your name and number down then head to one of the local bars to grab a drink.
I was skeptical because after a 2 weeks trip to Burma I wasn't missing the food there. But wonders does the abundance of ingredients in the States to Burmese cooks. Everything we tried was tasty, and we have so much more to try next time. Some dishes were more Thai style even though we looked for the little star by the dish in the menu which indicates a Burmese dish. What ever, the important thing is that it's tasty and fun. Was it worth the wait? Well I called to sign an hour early (an a tuesday night!) and it took around an hour and 15 minutes for a table, but we got there after this one hour so we ended up waiting 15 minutes which is totally worth it.
This is probably one of the most rated SF restaurants on yelp. I mean seriously, more than 5,000 reviews. There is also a seriously line issue at this place. You could wait anywhere from 1-3 hours, depending on when you decide to go. For us, what started as an hour and 15 minute wait ended up being more than 2 hours.Which makes this a mixed review. The food is really great here. The tea leaf salad lives up to the hype. Several of the curried meats are amazing. Overall, the food is extremely flavorful, and if there is a dish you are wondering about you can search the individual reviews.On the other hand, I'm just not sure that it's worth waiting for. By the time we were finally seated, I would have eaten pretty much anything. And perhaps that's what they are going for. Nothing gets noticed in SF quite like a line, so I guess as long as the people keep coming, there will be no significant change...I think if you could come in, be seated in a relatively timely fashion, and have a nice dinner, it would be worth it. Otherwise, maybe just try something else.
Just like the place in Oakland, fantastic food!! Came here on a date with a special lady friend and I ordered the green tea leaf salad, lamb chili, two dishes of coconut rice, chicken with fresh basil, and mango lasse with two straws to drink. All excellent food with super flavorful and tasty species. Food came out hot and ready for our stomachs to digest!!! The mango drink was refreshing and the lamb chili, of course, was excellent. The best was of course the green tea leaf salad. Again, the seeds and the vegetables were so good!!! All the food was great, place was packed as usual because the food is so great, and service was awesome. The price is more than Oakland and the parking is awful!!! But the parking is not there fault.Overall: Excellent food, great service, excellent good, great price!
great quality, super friendly staff and the food is amazing.I've been coming here since 1996.Each dish has a unique flavor and try everything.I love the samosas, fish and seafood dishes, noodle and vegetable dishes.Endless...
I can't put into words how amazing this place is! Tea Leaf Salad and Coconut Rice and a non negotiable!!!! They had a 25 minute wait on a THURSDAY...trust me it's worth it! I will definitely be going back when I am in the bay area:):)
I love this food. I go every time I am near the Oakland or SF location. I have gone late night with a group and I have sat alone at lunch, amazing all times. The wait time is real so go early.
I love this place! Luckily we only had to wait 10 minutes but that's because we came early.2 orders of the platha (my favorite- texture and crispiness were just right)1 order of sesame beef (a little 'panda express-ish")1 order of pork curry with potato (only my piece was dry)2 orders of coconut rice for 3 adults1 pomegranate juiceBill came to US$60I'd definitely come back, but try other dishes/
First time here. We took the tea leaf salad, shrimp curry and noodles. All came very fast, fresh and very tasty. Service was very friendly and cordial. The place itself is a bit confined and the a bit noisy and no air conditioner on a warm day. but we definitely liked the food and recommend the place. If you are in the neighborhood it's worth the visit
S'good...The noodle dish with the chicken and eggs Is AMAZINGOnce you bear the wait they're super speedy
The green tea salad is overrated; try the rainbow salad instead.The noodle dishes are good and the curries are OK.Don't bother with the desserts; they are nothing special.Service can be slow and it is overpriced by 10-20% for the quantitiy of food received. The ingredients are of good quality, though don't expect generous amounts of protein...
So many people talk about Burma Superstar. Maybe it's all the hype and the many reviews on this place. Honestly, I have had better Burmese food in SF. We called ahead and put our name down when we were on our way. Still waited a few minutes though. The restaurant was packed so prepare to wait. I felt like it's a bunch of people trying it for the first time. I can only look at the menu for so long and of course I will overhear conversations around me!  We had a few items. The tea leaf salad tasted like a regular salad. Had the oxtail clay pot too. The meat wasn't that tender. Also ordered the Nan Gyi Dok. We wanted a noodle dish and I thought it was ok. It was a disappointing experience. Usually I love Burmese food. I do think this place is hyped up. Won't be coming back.
Was recently introduced to Burmese food and heard really great things about Burma Superstar after raving to friends about an underground Burmese supperclub I found through EatFeastly. The food here was pretty good but more expensive than I was expecting and a little too heavy for my taste. Will definitely go back when I'm craving tea leaf salad but suggest going during non-peak hours to avoid the wait.
I think we waited like 2 hours for a table of 4.................. nuts. You know how you get really annoyed when your drive is longer than your stay at your destination? Like driving to SD for 3 hours only to stay for 1. Yeah, that "stay" better be so worth it.I guess they did a worthy job since I gave them 5 stars huh?? LolThis was actually my first time trying Burmese food, and I was kind of excited for it. It reminds me of... Indian, Malaysian, and Thai cuisine combined, and add a little more Southeast Asian flavas and.. more stuff lol and BAM you get Burmese food. Eh? I dunno something like that lol.Our dinner:- Tea Leaf Salad- Pork Curry (with potatoes)- Mango Chicken- Nan Gyi Dok (chicken rice noodle curry)That tea leaf salad was a niiiiiiiiiice little opener. Like, because of that particular salad, I am now craving a fresh, crisp salad. Shoulda gotten a salad instead of napping at lunch.. damn. It had all these components to it (nuts, garlic chips, tea leaf, etc.), which made for a very tasty salad with all these fun textures. Wonderfully earthy. All those nuts and chips and whatever... good call.The pork curry was bomb too, although it kinda tasted like something I've had at a Malaysian restaurant back home or something. It was very familiar. Super tender pork and potatoes and pairs well with white rice.The mango chicken!!! This was awesome. Another dish to pair with some white rice. The mango sauce was delicious! Chicken was tender and not at all dry. So good.That curry chicken noodle........... damn. I think this was my fave dish of the night. I mean I dunno, it was a close call for all the dishes, but yeah I think this is.... *the one*. The noodle texture, so nice and firm, got a little bounce to it, but also slippery and soft. MmmmMMMMM so yummy with the chicken and curry sauce. Yah. 2 curry dishes. Seems overkill but naah.SO.......... to sum it up, awesome food, wonderful service, and a LOOOONG wait.
B*STAR!!!! This was on my list of places to try while visiting SF and I'm so happy we made it. Our Uber driver was equally excited to take us there (that's when you know it's good!). Let me start by saying... believe the hype and be prepared to wait! We called ahead to put our name down and still ended up waiting over an hour past our seat time... kind of annoying but the food made up for it. Tea Leaf salad was great, Chili Lamb was AMAZING, and the beef curry was pretty good. Food had great flavor and very authentic and warming. Service was friendly as well. It was our cheapest meal in SF and definitely one of our favorites! I wish they had one in NY!
Burma superstar is my go to restaurant whenever I have people visiting from out of town. The atmosphere and food are some of the best on Clement Street and the price is reasonable. If you go, make sure to try both the tea leaf salad and the samusa soup. The rainbow salad is also excellent. In fact, I haven't tried anything on the menu that wasn't great. The staff is generally friendly even given how crowded this restaurant can be. Expect at least a half hour wait on all nights of the week.
Got here on Sunday a little after they opened (~11:30am) - yay no wait! Here is what we ordered: 1. Tea Leaf Salad (5 out of 5): $10; this is a damn good salad. There's a vegetarian option but we went for the regular (with dried shrimp). Now, I don't know if it's the best salad I've ever eaten, but it lives up to hype. 2. Vegetarian Samusa Soup (4.5 out of 5): This soup is quite complex (cabbage, lentils, chunks of samosas and falafels, etc.). A small serves 4 comfortably. I think the flavors were quite interesting. Overall, pretty delicious.  3. Chili Lamb (4 out of 5): sauteed lamb with jalapenos, chili, and garlic. Great flavours but slightly too salty and too oily to me. 4. Coconut Rice (10 out of 5): This is a side item and it is a MUST. It was perfection!!!Other notes: - Servers are really nice and accommodating- Place is small and fills up quickly
Absolutely loved this place. Went twice on my trip to San Francisco and the food is terrific. Samusas were crispy and flavorful. The Burmese curry with beef and potatoes was awesome and just the right amount of heat and went great with their cocoanut rice. Service could be a little friendlier but prices are pretty cheap and the food is great. This place does get busy on weekends so try to arrive earlier.
In love. I promised myself I would go back many times to try everything on the menu because it's that good. I had the duck garlic noodles and I've never tasted garlic noodles like that. I don't want to sound like pretentious dousche, but I will... the flavors were so complex. It was fantastic. Need. to. go. back.
By far the best Burmese food and service I have ever experienced! Super friendly staff assist you outside with hot tea if you wait in line to be seated but I was lucky to get right in with my party.Yum to everything! Tea leaf salad is a definite "must have always" and absolutely delicious here. Mango Shrimp and the Coconut Rice were amazing! The soup and noodle dishes are awesome, too! I've been here twice so far and definitely returning soon! They are rock stars in their trade! Thank you for such great service and fine quality food! Just be prepared to spend about 40 minutes trying to park, it's super busy area, businesses and residential mixed location. It's so worth it to park far away, haha! Love this restaurant!
My absolute favorite place to eat at while in San Francisco. Their tea leaf salad is a must, but both the lamb Burmese style curry and the pork pumpkin stew are delicious. Don't forget to order a side (or two or 20) of coconut rice. Service is great too. I've had to wait to be seated each time I've gone, but the place is always packed so I don't really mind. This is really just a great place all around.
The best Burmese food in the city and one of my favorite restaurants of any style.
I love meeting friends here and sharing the rainbow or tea leaf salad and Samusa soup! Love the walnut shrimp and coconut rice too, mmm. It's great that when there is a 45 minute wait, you can wander through the shops on Clement and they text you when your table's ready!
When a restaurant is hyped to this extent it rarely lives up to it. So coming to Burma Superstar I kept my hopes at a modest level. The fact that everyone said that the waiting list to be seated can be down right atrocious was almost a show stopper for me. But I felt like I had to come here because if I didn't then I wouldn't be able to say I've had great San Fran food. First of all I guess coming on a Monday right at dinner opening (5pm) is a great freaking idea. Because me and my friend Maxine sat immediately. The place wasn't even at capacity till shortly later. So I guess we lucked out on the horrible waiting time. So being as it was both our first time being there, we thought we'd order what they are known for, the tea leaf salad of course. What a great idea that was. We both loved it. I think Maxine loved it a little more than me because she wouldn't stop talking about it lol. We also ordered the Nan Pia Dok which I thought was better than I expected. Very rich in flavors. The curry chicken was good and the noodles were cooked just right. For our last item we chose the mango shrimp. This was maybe my favorite of the three. Shrimp tasted fresh and the mangos, basil, chili, and onions worked great all together. There were so many other things I would've liked to try but at least I know for sure I'll be going back next time I'm in town. Highly recommended. But if you can avoid going on the weekend to avoid that insanity of a wait I think it would be a wise decision. Get there early to find good parking like I did lol
the only salad i crave and the thing i always order here is the TEA LEAF SALAD. if there is nothing else you get, this is the one. there is something about all the ingredients - maybe its the tea leaves, the garlic, the everything. it is OH so good!! i have a couple friends who love the rainbow salad more but it is more acidic. if you like that flavor, try that one. as for everything else on the menu, you also cant go wrong. i've ordered noodle dishses, meat dishes, and seafood dishes. all delicious. but the salad is what keeps me coming back. there is always a line and if you don't want to wait, go to B Star. both have almost the same menu and the food is just as good. i just wish they took reservations!! :(
I love this place! By far my favorite restaurant in SF. The line is long but worth the wait. Lunch time is slower so it's easier to get table then. If they suggest their sister restaurant, don't go if you have time to wait because it doesn't really compare!
Sigh, Burma Superstar I love you. I've been here twice now, both times for dinner. I've had the tea leaf salad, catfish chowder, Nan pia dok, lamb curry, pumpkin pork stew, coconut rice, and oxtail claypot. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favorite were the oxtail claypot, tea leaf salad, coconut rice and nan pia dok. The coconut rice is to die for, its the perfect flavor of coconut! The tea leaf salad is different and refreshing, with so many different flavors in one dish! The oxtail was sweet, soft and savory with potatoes and carrots. The nan pia dok are curry noodles marinated beautifully in a curry sauce. I highly recommend this place if you haven't tried it yet!
I would give this restaurant zero stars if I could. This is the most terrible food I have ever eaten. Horrible food and service. We waited 1 hr and 40 min for food that tasted like it came from panda experess. All the dishes I tried were terrible, bland and boring. The supposedly spicy dish was not spicy at all. Please save your money and go elsewhere. I think the people who regularly go here are afraid of flavor or are under some black magic lol. I don't understand why none of the dishes had fish sauce and why jalapeos were used instead of thai chilis. This restaurant does not have authentic Burmese food. Don't make the same mistake I did.
I've been wanting to try Burma for the longest time. I would attempt to check this place out everytime I'm in SF but never got the chance partly because of the long waits. FINALLY I got to try it on my last trip to SF. My friend picked me up from the airport and we headed straight there. We got there around 9pm and it was raining. Despite the time and the weather, the wait was still 1 hour... My friend and I waited in the rain, freezing our butts off and finally we got seated around 10pm. We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad which was really good - loved the taste of tea leaves and the different types of nuts/seeds. We then ordered their Coconut Rice and Chili Lamb. Damn so freaking good. We loved the combination of sweet and then spicy/salty. The Chili Lamb is pretty spicy! BEWARE! But it's so freaking good :) We ended up ordering another dish of Coconut Rice because one wasn't enough for the two of us... Yes... gluttony I know! :)I will definitely be back! YAY! :)
OK. Here's the deal. This place suffers from a mare case of being WAY overhyped. I asked a friend to tell me one restaurant to eat in SF and she, without hesitation, said Burma Superstar. So I guess u must try it, right?It's way out in the Richmond District, not a whole lot else going on out there, but we drove out to make a go of it. I knew there were no reservations accepted, and I eagerly put my name in for a 90 minute wait. We strolled around the hood - only 1 cool little shop open - and then found a bar to wait out the rest. After about 80 minutes, we go back only to be told that it was at least another 30 minutes. Ugh. But we waited so long already and the place was packed. Must be incredible, right?We took two seats at the communal table. I don't mind sharing space - and ordered quickly. We had plenty of time to read the menu, plus it made us look like locals. The Tea Leaf Salad was good, but nothing extraordinary. Same for the vegetable samusas. We had some kind of beef curry stew that was good, but again, far short of wow. The one standout dish we ordered was pork with noodles and pickled mango. Really flavorful. All in all, the food was good - but worth a 2 hour wait? Absolutely not. Would I go back? Maybe - but only if I could walk in without the ridiculously long lag time.
Food here is AMAZING! So glad we found this place on Yelp. The long wait is worth every minute for the great food. We enjoyed the food so much, we ate here twice during our 4 night stay. Bucket list for eating great food on road trips. Will eat here upon returning to the Bay Area someday.
We were three vegetarians and we ordered way too much food! Highly highly recommend the superstar noodle salad and tea leaf salad - fantastic!! Veggie lettuce wraps were good but kinda wish I had more of the previous too instead.
We'd never had Burmese food before, but now we're fans. delicious, fast & served by sweet, helpful waitstaff. Try the lychee mojito & the tea leaf salad!
Always a line so call first and get on the wait list.....Started off w a samosa veggie soup and tea leaf salad; a savory and authentic Start.Must devour your buds into the tofu tower, the lamb curry, catfish curry, and the amazing eggplants.Food is great, but not "sit for an hour and do nothing" great. Get on the wait list and explore the neighborhood while waiting!
Though the Tea Leaf Salad has gotten a lot of love here, I'd like to also spotlight the Rainbow Salad, 22 lovely ingredients (including four types of noodles, papaya, onion..., etc, etc!) that together form a combination of textures definitely worth tasting. I also tried the lamb samusas (portion of 3 served with a house sauce, wrapped in a very thin shell and much flatter than Indian samosas), and the Burmese Chicken & Shrimp Casserole (served on a bed of biryani rice in a clay pot). The rice was well seasoned, but the chicken (though tender, and a very large portion) could have had a bit more oomph. The menu designates which dishes are traditionally Burmese -- a nice, helpful touch. Will try to come back to try some more of these!
"Burma superstar, that is what you are... coming from afar, reaching for the stars" I crooned as we made it off of the trolley with seconds to spare for the 11:30am opening time. Unfortunately (for me) Devina G. is much younger and a FOB to boot, so my witticisms felt on deaf ears... :T Anyway, after having read multiple reviews about the crowded nature of the spot, we didn't take any chances and after dealing with the unwashed masses on the public transport, were able to beat the lunch rush to the supposed mecca of Burmese dining in the bay area.The eats:- Tea leaf salad: It had a fantastic, earthy quality unlike anything I've ever had from Diego to the Bay. The salad is da bomb, if da salad making pay? ($9.95)- Pratha with curry: Jeezys... I mean, I'm partial to curry, but this was some next level shiet. We were mumbling, "what's the base, fish, chicken, baby Jesus' tears, what?"- Curry noodles with chicken: Redolent in a warm coconut curry broth with big chunks of chicken and nearly al dente noodles, this was very reminiscent of the excellent khao soi I had in Chiang Mai... which totally makes sense given the proximity of Burma and Northern Thailand. The service:- The servers who took our order were friendly and efficient. The employee that ran our food orders to our table was very helpful explaining all of the dishes before mixing them up. He was also intelligent enough to ethnically profile us (Asian yelpers) as he cleverly gave my dining companion time to snap before and after pics of the food. The price:- $35 for three plates and a beer cocktail were a fantastic way to start this weekend in San Francisco. I'm sure Burma Superstar's management could've gotten all Hollywood like Lauren Hill and raised their prices 50% after all the great hype, but more like Wyclef Jean (after his failed Haitian presidential bid) they've maintained humble decorum.Wow, that was a lot of 90's hip hop references in one review.
Probably one of the best foods I had all weekend in SF, hole in the wall for sure.No idea what to eat for dinner, so we looked at Yelp and found this place. Seemed like what we wanted, some noodles, maybe some Thai style curry. We just wanted to take some food back to our room and rest up for our Marathon the next day. Good idea we did take out, place was packed! We ordered their Samusas and Nan Pia Dok. The Samusas are small fried looking raviolis. Basically like a cream cheese wonton but your choice of either meat or veggies inside. We ordered the vegetarian. They come with their dipping sauce ( tangy spicy sauce). I loved them. They can be very addicting! Only set back is that it only 3 come per order, and they are a bit pricey for an appetizer price, but they are worth it.The Nan Pia Dok was amazing. The dish is basically flat noodles with their curry sauce, topped with dry red peppers on top. The dish is light enough where its not overwhelming like usual curries but heavy enough to fill you up. The curry sauce is like a light, milky tasting curry ( much like thai food, but lighter). The dish is big enough for two people, depending how much you eat and how hungry you are. In this case, you might one for yourself only. I'd definitely recommend this place if you haven't tried it or visiting SF.  I would come back here, probably consider taking it back to the room again. Restaurant seems small and crowded. Burmese food for the win!
I'm not exactly sure what I can add to the already posted 5,000 reviews here. However, what I will say is that the lines are long...so a few things. Get there early and have someone wait. There are some bars and coffee shops nearby that you can hang out at. Once you have your name and phone number down, stay close because they'll call you and expect you to be there within a few minutes. Foodwise everyone always gets the tea leaf salad which the person I was with at the moment didn't like, but I enjoyed. I have never had it so it was a different experience. Since I had never had Burmese before, it was a great experience to try it. Also got the samusa soup which is like a delicious vegetarian soup I wish I could have more often. Overall, because it's such a popular place with people in SF, you'll need to wait, but the food is pretty good if you decide to stay for the wait. Protip. If you're looking for just the food and not necessarily going to the restaurant, they have a sister restaurant that is a little less busy - B Star that is right up the street. You can some of the same dishes there.
I almost passed up this place on a Monday night at 8:30 pm because finding parking proved to be daunting. But I'm glad I endured the wait because the tea leaf salad was delicious & refreshing! I really enjoyed the crunch of the sesame seeds and nuts and savor of the tea leaves drenched in oil. I read that garlic and lemon may also be involved. The jalapeos were delicious in this salad as well - not spicy at all. I also ordered the coconut rice which was also delicious.
It really didn't live up to the hype, unfortunately.We started our meal with the tea leaf salad. The fermented tea leaves is a paste, and when combined with the lemon juice, actually served as a decent "dressing" for the salad. The fried lentils and sesame seeds served not only as a change of pace texture but also added a rich nutty flavor. And lastly, the fried garlic, dried shrimp, and jalapenos each added its own unique punch between bites. I actually really enjoyed it.We followed this up with the chicken briyani. The braised chicken was fork tender and the shrimp was grilled nicely, but this dish was definitely on the salty side. The black cardamom was also very strong, overpowering the cinnamon and sweetness from the raisins. It was also so much smaller than I expected. And lastly, we ordered the fried catfish curry. This was a complete dud in my opinion. The curry is literally a tomato paste...and this dish was full blown salty. We ordered a side of brown rice to temper it out, but ultimately our table ended up just poking at it.We did enjoy our dessert of chilled black rice pudding though...but we were kind of suckered in due to wanting to support an effort to rebuild Mountain Lake Park, a park my family often visited when we used to live in the neighborhood.All in all, foodwise, it's a 4. But I'm giving Burma Superstar a 3 because of the service we received. We literally just sat around waiting for our waitress to come over to take our order. I tried making hand signals, but found that I was ignored or passed up because it wasn't "his/her table". We also couldn't get our waitress to refill our waters. They have some line on their menu about California being in a drought so you have to request for refills...but I guess not acknowledging your guests works just as well. And lastly, when our table was being cleared by a gent, he asked if we wanted a dessert menu, but seconds after he left, a waitress slid the check over to us. I was a bit miffed - I understand being busy, but no need to passive aggressively kick your guests out. I ended up waiving over our original waitress and asked for a dessert menu. At least she was keen enough to apologize for our check being brought prematurely.
The tea salad is something I really enjoyed. I also really liked the coconut rice. At first I thought it didn't taste much different especially when I was eating it with the pumpkin pork curry but when I just ate it by itself and savored the rice, I could definitely taste the coconut milk it was cooked in. Soo good. The pumpkin pork curry was really good too however it wasn't the best thing ever. I also don't like pumpkin but pumpkin flavor and there was a lot of pumpkin. Hubert had to eat them all. I don't like mushy.
Oh Burma Superstar, how many night and daydreams about the tea leaf salad and samosa soup can a girl have before its called an unhealthy obsession? If you eat nothing else on your visit, the combination of the aforementioned will leave your mouth, stomach and soul satisfied. Main dishes worth doing include garlic shrimp, coconut rice, mint chicken and lamb curry. The fresh coconut is refreshing! Ask them to cut it after so you can taste the soft coconut inside. -1 star for the ever present long wait times. On my last trip, we waited an hour. Plenty of time to visit Green Apple Bookstore which was nice. However, the hypoglycemia gave me a migraine. My date gave me a temple massage which was so sweet and helpful. Nothing works better than using your imagination to win my heart. Nothing.
This was our first time in Burma superstar and was surely a good experience. We were there for a Sunday afternoon lunch and had an amazing time. The staff is very friendly and helps you to choose the options. The tea leaf salad is what I loved the most, they mix this salad right on your table and it's fascinating to watch them do it. The food is brilliant with large portions, it's not easy to get such good Burmese food around. So definitely worth trying.They take reservations so it's better to reserve before you go as it's a busy place. We were also very lucky to get parking in the same street as normally it's a nightmare to find parking around in SF. Would surely recommend this place for a nice lunch or dinner for people looking for good Burmese food.
This place is FANTASTIC. Truly a very unique SF experience. Being a native, this and spin-off restaurant Bstar down the straight are my go-to restaurants hen taking visiting out-of-towners to dinner. Personally, my favorite items/dishes on the menu are appetizers; the Platha and yellow-curry dip, and of course, the Tea Leaf Salad. In fact, I typically order the salad as my entree I love it so much. Other good dishes include the Mango Chicken, and Coconut Shrimp dish. The only thing I don't love about this place, is the insane line. You are unable to call and make reservations, which for a restaurant this popular, blows my mind. I came her on Monday night with my father at 7:00 PM, and were informed there was going to be a 20 minute wait. NO problem. unfortunately, we ended up having to wait until 8:05 to be seated. What really irritated me about this experience was that other customers were able "call ahead" and relay what time they were coming to be put on the wait-list, in front of those of us who had been waiting over 30 minutes. What gives? PS, I had called about 30 minutes to inquiry about doing this, and was informed I could not. Anyways, next time the place is packed and I am starving, I will walk down the street to B star where I can still get my beloved tea leaf salad and platha.
I tried this place 2 times and it was great. The green tea leaf salad is a must. Their curries are like the Thai curries and were excellent. The space is limited inside but the food quality was very good.
I wish I could give this place 20 stars. Best restaurant in SF!! Cannot wait to return.
Meh I thought it was ok. The service and food were decent but nothing that made me want to go back.
The fine city of San Francisco is a mecca for diverse dining. Burma Superstar needs to be on your list of places to eat.If you decide to have a bite, be sure to come early for lunch (opens at 11:30AM) and grab a table before the waits could exceed your lunch hour. If you happen to be waiting, they have complimentary tea for your patience.On to the menu:Tea Leaf Salad - a MUST! With a list of 10+ fresh ingredients this is the most unique salad I ever had. The server will dress it for you. $10Lamb Burmese Style Curry - tender chunks of goat in a rich curry stew. Not too spicy. On the side a scoop of their famous coconut rice. $14Nan Gyi Dok (Coconut Chicken Rice Noodles Curry) - similar presentation as the salad. A very mild curry flavor. $11The dark decor had plenty of seating and can fill up very quickly. Even though the staff were on their toes, they remained very polite and attentive. I chatted with one of the head servers and explained this was my only sit down meal while in SF and she profusely thanked me for selecting this restaurant. It was actually my pleasure to be a guest here.If you're in a hurry, they have a sister restaurant called B-Star which follows this menu and closed on Tuesdays.With my only formal meal in SF, this was the perfect choice. I hope to return soon.
In a word: DISAPPOINTING! Perhaps it was too much hype, no reservations, standing in a long line, the fact it was featured on the Food Network? We don't really know, the only thing we know is we will never go again and we certainly wouldn't recommend it. We ordered the samosas, they were super oily and gummy. Next up were the sticky finger ribs, the meat was so tough, nothing falling off the bone here. Salt and Pepper Calamari was so soggy and lifeless it was inedible. It was a waste of time and we were so disappointed with the food quality there is nothing more to say. The staff was very friendly and efficient, that's why we gave a star.
So we heard it all about this place. It's amazing, it's terrible, you have to try it, you can get Burmese like that in 10 different places - etc. We happened to spot the place while stopping for boba, and it just seemed like great timing. The wait was over an hour, which I imagine would be a lot harder with kids or starving friends. The service was quick, but friendly. Dishes were explained in detail, and servers were quick to provide recommendations. We started with the Tea Leaf salad, which was excellent. It might not be what you'd typically call "salad", but I promise you it's great. Amazing mix of textures and tastes. Next came an order of Lamb Chili. Typically, I can take lamb or leave it. This dish was superior though. Very tender with a bold spice flavor, and the meat is surprisingly light and flavorful. It comes down to how you deal with being in line that long. I'd really recommend having a plan on hang out and kill time. Grab some crepes or boba in the area, or go for a nice walk. You can even bike down to the park, it's super close.
Second time coming here and was as impressed as the first time years ago. Wonderful flavors!
I came twice. Service is always pretty great and food never disappoints. You can always ask the server for recommendations. Always so nice! I drove the second time. Area is busy so parking sucks. I knew that ahead of time and was not surprised when i had to park 3-4 blocks away and had to walk 10 min to the restaurant. We, a group of 4, came between 11:30am and noon on a saturday and there was no wait. I heard in the evening wait is 1-2 hours.
Love the food here! Very tasty... In my opinion it is a combination of Indian and Thai food...We have been to both locations and they are the same.FYI you can get reservations for the other store a few blocks down where you can't do that for the main location!One of my f about items for sure!
Yum. If south east asian food is a category that's on the top of your list, then you probably have already ate here. If it's not, this place will definitely knock those timid socks off. The food is very comforting here and yet still had a full body of flavor in each dish they serve. really long lines of course so get here quick or wait across the street at the blue danube, also a great place.
the service and the employees are great. The food is good. i had the pork and pumpkin stew. the fermented tea salad is not one of the best i have had. i did not care for the addition of romain lettuce to the fermented tea salad.
This place is phenomenal. We had the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad, as well as a lamb chili dish and a curry. It was about a month ago that we visited. We don't live in the San Francisco area and went here on the recommendation of our airbnb host. Everything was delicious and I wish we had Burmese food to try out where we lie.
First time I tried Burmese food & loved it. Parking (as it always is in San Francisco) is a chess game, an exercise in "who can be more patient." So, walk if you can - it'll help burn off the calories post-meal. We placed an order to go & went to the Presidio to enjoy a windy lunch. Vegetables were fresh, flavors were well balanced in the coconut chicken noodle soup. Also had the coconut chicken rice curry. Sort of similar, but truly different. I enjoyed every bite, so much so that I finished my meal before I could remember to take a picture.
This place has become more expensive in recent years, but is still worth it. If you're going for dinner, I'd suggest getting there right when they open around 5 otherwise there is usually a 30 min to an hour wait pretty much every day of the week. I come here for the tea tree leaf salad- its an absolute most! I also like to get a fresh coconut, it reminds me of when I had visited south east asia.
YESSSS thank you for the ramen festival that drew most of SF so that I got a table at Burma Superstar. The 5 of us ordered wayyyy toooo much food starting with the tea salad. We got the chicken casserole, basil chili pork belly, burmese style curry beef, nan gyi dok, peashoots and coconut rice. Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomach.This is the ultimate comfort food and I wish they would deliver or Caviar would add them to the list. Everything was really good. I don't think I regret ordering them, but I would definitely slurp up the sauce in the chicken casserole with the noodle dish nan gyi dok. Luckily I don't live close to burma superstar. I would be obese.
I wish I lived in SF just so I could come here more often. I don't know what I can say that 4,800 other reviewers haven't already stated, but I thought I'd just gush about this place because I loved it.I'm not a huge fan of curries, so coming to this place was a bit of a stretch, even without the fact that there was a 2 hour wait. But compared to other places with equally lengthy waits, it wasn't so bad because you could put your name and number down and wander around, and when it's your turn they'll call you. Doesn't even feel like a wait unless you're super hungry. We got the tea leaf salad, which was really interesting and yummy. They mix the salad in front of you while explaining all the ingredients, so you can see exactly what's going in it. We also ordered the pork curry with potatoes with a side of coconut rice, which might've been my favorite part of the meal. The coconut rice was simple but deeelicious; flavor was subtle but noticeable. And the pork in the curry was really soft and tender. This amount wasn't enough to satisfy 3 hungry girls, so we ordered nan gyi dok, a rice noodle dish with mild coconut curry sauce. The curry sauce was flavorful, and, like the rice, not too overpowering. I kind of wish it had been served with a flat noodle instead, but overall the dish was very good.MUST GO restaurant. This is my first time having Burmese food, but will definitely not be my last.
Burma Superstar is aptly named. It's the superstar of the Burmese cuisine now hitting the area. If you're going to come here, prepare for an hour wait. The wait can be lengthy any day of the week. When I have been here, the hostess is amazing. She's one of the best hostesses I've ever seen.The food here is really good. Get the tea leaf salad. It's the signature dish and it really is worth the hype. I like the chicken kebat. The coconut rice is delicious and pairs well with the spicy food. The platha is so good. I could eat 12 myself.
Stars are subjective. Some like Brittany Spears. Some like Zac Efron. Some even consider Mario Lopez, that I'm still trying to relive my Saved By The Bell Years, actor a star.So when my buddies from out of town or out of state want to come to this place, I just hang my head in shame and go along.Yes they get their tea leaves from Burma. But that's like saying Starbucks gets their beans from Ethiopia, or that the 72% cacao dark chocolate bar that I bought from Trader Joe's imported from Belgium deserved mad props.The United States imports a lot of things, and so do a lot of restaurants for their ingredients, so I won't go gaga over imported leaves. Burma or otherwise.I do however care about the overall flavor of their tea leaf salad, and overall it's just okay. I prefer Mandalay a block over.Their Burmese style curry is also just plain boring. Which is the same thing I feel about their Garlic Noodles as well as their Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, where their garlic was so overpowering that I'm sure no vampires would be near or on this vicinity.There's almost always a line that looks like you're in line for the hottest thing in town. Unfortunately, there's no star in Burma Superstar for me. It's just an average Burmese place in a prime location.
A really great spot with some darn good food - full bar, hipster scene. But on Friday and Saturday nights the wait can be very, very long. Try it for lunch on a weekday instead.
Excellent food and superbly fast service. Such a wonderful place. All the waiters are also super happy and friendly. Just a pleasure.
Just went yesterday at 830pm on a Tuesday and there was still an hour wait. Make sure you try to get reservations or show up 20-30 minutes before the restaurant opens up for lunch. We had decided to try this place out after our hike to Sutro baths and lands end trail ( I would highly recommend doing this as a night hike). The all time favorite is the tea leaf salad amazing combination with fermented tea leaves, peanuts, jalapenos, sunflower seeds etc. random combination but when mixed together is turns out to be out of the world. We ordered the catfish curry, the mint chicken and the sweet eggplant. I would not recommend trying to get 1 dish per person it turns out to be a huge quantity and you will end up taking home food as leftovers.Def worth the trip and one of the top 3 Burmese places in the city.
Burmese food is all the rage current;y in SF and this place has gotten a lot of attention recently. Getting a table could be a challenge so be ready to wait or go at off-peak hours. We went just before they were about to close (around 2:30pm) and got a table very easily. Do not miss the green tea salad but don't let it be the only thing you're ordering. Go for other stuff in the menu like samosas or curries.
There's usually a line here, so I've avoided it until just recently.We ordered their tea leaf salad. yummmm this was my favorite dish. Also their samosa soup, pretty good. We also got their burmese style curry with lamb, which was very good with a side of coconut rice (YUMMMM!) I'm not a fan of coconut, but the rice was real good. It was my first time having burmese food and I was not disappointed at all. All the dishes were very flavorful and new to me.My friend went recently and brought me left overs. Had the chili lamb, pretty good, reminded me of BeiJing style cumin lamb, very flavorful. Also tried the mint chicken and steak kebab. Everything was very tasty and flavorful.Service was excellent and they describe the tea leaf salad to you and mix it in front of you as well.It was my first time having Burmese food and to describe it, it's kind of like a mix between chinese and thai food. But definitely loved everything I had. Will eat here again for sure.It's in inner richmond, therefore street parking. The usual in SF.
Oh. my. gosh. Burma Superstar, you are freaking amazing!This was my first time eating Burmese food, so I didn't know what to expect. It definitely exceeded my expectations.My group of 3 shared 3 dishes and 2 orders of coconut rice. We got the tea leaf salad, fiery chicken, and the nan gyi dok.Believe the rave, the tea leaf salad is a must! They advertise it as a "party in your mouth" and it definitely is! The combination of different flavors is amazing! It might seem a little different at first, but it's something you must definitely try! 5/5! Next time, I'm getting this all for myself! Nom nom nom. I don't have much to say about the other dishes because that tea leaf salad made my whole meal! The coconut rice was excellent and was reminiscent of a slightly sweet variation of this Filipino dessert called Biko. I guess you could also say it just tasted like sweet sticky rice. Either way, it was delicious!Service is very friendly here. Once we sat down, they asked us if we had Burmese food before and had a few recommendations for us based on what was Burmese. Be aware that they mix the dishes in front of you so you can see what's in your dish! Time for me to remake that salad! Aha.I will be back!
Tea Leaf salad is not meant to have lettuce in it. Burma Superstar will gladly remove the lettuce and serve it for you in a traditional manner. Americans modified this delicious nutty and tantalizing dish with the need for crunchy iceberg lettuce in it. I work for a lettuce company and can gladly say this is a salad that doesn't need it. Other menu items here were tasty as well. We ended up here because our favorite Burmese restaurant around the corner was closed for the holidays. It had quite a wait but we got in before long. We enjoyed the dishes we ordered and talking to the people sitting next to us. Very Intimate seating with your neighbors.
We came in as a group of 6 on a Saturday afternoon and we were seated within 10 minutes. We had a family-style lunch which included:Tea Left Salad - Quite the rave on Yelp and our whole table agreed the salad was pretty tasty and unique. We did find it weird that the server had to mix the small salad for us.Spicy and Crispy Chicken - Not what we initially expected as it resembles a Chinese dish but the entree was decent.Pumpkin Pork Stew - Dish was pretty good and better than what I had expected.Basil Chili Pork Belly - This dish was a little on the salty side but the pork belly was amazing. The fat on the belly just melts in your mouth.The food prices are a bit on the high end though. Overall it was a pretty good experience and we would not mind stopping by the next time any of us are in town.
Sooo worth the wait! I do not like Thai food or Indian food but I LOVED Burma superstar!The samosa soup is incredible! The sweet and spicy chicken is amazing! And the curry lamb was to die for.If you want to have an orgasm of the taste buds then eat here!
I'm giving this location 3 stars, because I feel as if the other two in Alameda and Oakland are better. I also felt like the service here wasn't that great. They made me feel rushed to sit down and finish my food. However, the food is still amazing and I believe the portions here are bigger than the ones at the other two locations. Check out my review at the Oakland location for more details about which items are my favorite on the menu.
Excellent food with all dishes being unique and having different flavors. Tea leaf salad, rainbow salad and lettuce cups are outstanding. Tried a chicken, noodle and catfish dish. All dishes have their unique flavors, textures and go well with coconut rice. Bit of a wait but worth it. Overall great experience!
I loved their tea leaf salad but it has been a few yrs. since I've been back to indulge my craving for this salad. So, after visiting the farmer's market, I dragged Hubby to Burma for lunch. We only had 2 dishes - the tea leaf salad, which was over $11! and $17 for the chicken casserole. By the time you add on tax, tip and health fee, it was over $36 for the 2 of us for lunch. The salad is a lot smaller than it use to be and not as good. It really was only enough for one person but since I had to share with Hubby... I didn't feel like I got enough of it to satisfy my craving. There was the lovely crunch of the nuts in the salad that I had forgotten about. I have yet to try the rainbow salad but each time in the past when I intended to try it, I still end up ordering the tea leaf salad. The chicken was good, had a lot of tumeric flavor in it. Very generous pieces of large prawn a large piece of chicken which was not too dry served in a cast iron pot over rice. The portion was more than the 2 of us could eat and we had to take leftovers of this dish home.Lunch on a Sunday is the one of the best times to try this place as it's not jammed pack with customers. Our waitress, Fanny, was really a sweetie and a people person.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a 10 min wait for a communal table. Street parking is usually hard to find, but we found a spot right in front of the restaurant *thank you parking gods* try to put your name on the list if the host/hostess isn't there or else you will wait forever We ordered the tea leaf salad, garlic chili shrimp, Burmese fried rice, and Thai iced tea. We wanted to order more but since we were at a communal table, we wanted to be considerate to the other diners and not take up all the space. When ordering the tea leaf salad, they offered a vegetarian version, but we opted for the traditional salad. Their tea leaf salad had really great flavors and textures going on, but Burmese kitchen's salad is still my fave! Garlic chili shrimp was cooked perfectly and the sauce was very tasty. The Burmese fried rice was okay, I liked the addition of the yellow beans and fried onions, but it def needed somethin extra. Our waitress was very pleasant, even though they were very busy. Will definitely come back to try more food because the other diners at our table ordered lots of food and their dishes looked great and they seemed to enjoy it.
Cannot say enough good things about this place. The samusa soup is probably up there in the best soups I've ever had.
The food is good. The fried bread with coconut-curry dip is delicious and the tea salad is innovative, if not my cup of tea. The hype is crazy though, and with 2 hour wait periods and a slightly high price point, I don't think I'd come back. That being said, if you're in SF it's worth a try.
Tips:- Call ahead 10-20mins and try to put your name/number on the list.- Don't be discourage by the wait time since a lot of people flake, if you do end up waiting 2 hours, it will be worth the wait. - If you don't want to wait, order to go.- The restaurant closes at 10:30pm but you must be seated and you must order by 10:15pm- Recommend Tea Leaf Salad, Pumpkin Pork Stew, and Chili Lamb.For further details, please read my review: I've been wanting to try this joint since my local sf friends started raving about it. My friend had dropped me off to jot my name down and phone number down while she find parking. The four people ahead of me were told by the hostess that there will be a 2 hour wait and were scared off. I had told myself that no matter how long the wait is, I will try this place that night. The hostess had told me the same thing and gave me a look that she made it seem like she did not want to put my name down. We sat around on the bench outside while we watch others come and go and as the waitress called the handful of people ahead of us and finally she called my name after 45mins!~Location~Located in Inner Richmond area, where it is a little difficult to get to from union square and difficult to find parking but the neighborhood is filled with boba/coffee/dessert joints, where you can just hit up while waiting for your phone to ring. ~Food~ 5+ stars!!!!It lived up to the hype! Any dish that you get from this place is amazing and full of flavors that will awaken your taste buds. We spent about $20/person for four ppl to share 4 dishes + 2 rices. Each dish ranged from $15-$20.Tea Leaf Salad (RECOMMEND): this salad made of chopped up lettuce, green tea leaves imported from Myramar, fried garlic chunks, peanuts and other spices. Pumpkin Pork Stew (RECOMMEND): a dish I have never had, it reminds me of a chunky type of curry, the moment the soft pumpkin touches my mouth it melts onto my tongue and soothes the spiciness of the other dishes, it is utterly amazing! Chili Lamb (RECOMMEND): word of caution, this dish is spicy, but delicious even for those that does not eat lamb since it actually feels like chicken in texture, this reminds me of french style filet mignon or a szechwan dish since there are chopped up pieces of lamb that are stir-fried in onion, pepper, and chili. Garlic Shrimp: interesting, definitely a must try for shrimp lovers, as my friend has put it "this is the closest substitute there is in sf city to "boiling crab", the dish is self explanatory. Coconut Rice: never had coconut rice but it was interesting, there were coconut flavors in the rice and shredded coconut on top of the rice. Service: 5+ starsOur server was also the manager and he made the dinning experience enjoyable. After a long day, he brought smiles to our faces with his upbeat attitude. Overall:I will definitely have to come back here to try other dishes that were recommended by the waiter (pork curry and cat fish soup), especially since there is nothing compared to this in los angeles, ca.
This place was fabulous and by far the best Burmese food I've eaten. I tea leaf salad is to die for. It's a nice neighborhood spot, but because of its popularity you just plan ahead and prepare for a wait. Wish we had more places like this in DC!
Everything we ordered was great!* Tea Leaf Salad* Burmese style Curry with Beef* Coconut Rice* Superstar Shrimp* Garlic Noodles with DuckThe best flavors were the Coconut Rice and Tea Leaf Salad. It was something I never tasted before and just incredible.Also, I ordered more food to-go to bring home on my flight and asked the server if should could take extra care with packing the food for me. The food was safely package, no spills and was still tasty when I got home. I can't wait to come back and try other items on the menu.
Burma Superstar is unique enough that I'm willing to wait in line, at least the first couple of times. The great part is that once you put your name down, they will also take down your phone number so you can wander elsewhere for an hour or two instead of waiting in the cold. I think their tea leaf salad and rainbow salad are all amazingly delicious and DIFFERENT from B Star right down the street. I'm actually a huge fan of B Star which you can eat at without the wait,but if you want the famous tea leaf salad you can't substitute it the version at Burma. Don't leave without trying the curries with the coconut rice, which is to-die-for. Their sangria pitchers are refreshing and nice as well.The price is reasonable, service knowledgeable and efficient, and atmosphere cozy.
Food is good, However, the 4 of us were disappointed that they use MSD in almost everything. They were not able to cook without it. My wife thought that was a cop-out. The temp of the restaurant was rather warm with one of their fans not currently working, but very needed. For San Fran, the day was unusually warm.The Tea Salad was really good! The vegetarian dishes were good and the special soup was also very good. These were very popular dishes here.Service was fast and items came out sporadically.All in all, it was pretty good.The next day, my wife who has Celiac, sure enough had gluten after we were told that it would be ok. GF eater beware!
I really love Burma superstar but I am going to edge into heretic territory by saying that I am not super big fan of the tea leaf salad. It's tasty, but I am not going to order the next time i stop inHaving said that - I have loved everything else I have ever ordered hear. I highly recommend making reservations no matter what time or day of the week it is - it seems to be always busy.My friend talked me into ordering the chili chicken and when it came to the table - i looked at it and said "oh shoot - it's general tso's". But then we dug it and it was like the best general tso's every made in the history of the world and it wasn't too sweet at all. Which can be an achilles heel with this particular dish.
If you're hungry, don't go here. Seriously not worth the wait. This restaurant is way too overhyped.The tea leaf salad is OKAY, but after awhile, you start to taste nothing but the roasted garlic.Do yourself a favor, save yourself the wait, there are many other restaurants in the area.
Make no mistake. The wait here is UNREAL. Even though there's an Oakland and an Alameda location, people still flock to this one. They need another location in SF like NOW.Anyways, when our party of 8 got seated, we saw just how small this place is. Our party had a few vegetarians so we got a wide variety of food. Please note that I was pretty intoxicated when I ate here so I can only review what I remember. Here's what I remember was good:-Tea leaf salad-Fried tofu (which is actually fermented lentils)-Spicy garlic eggplant-Beef Curry-Coconut rice-Some other beef dish the waiter recommended-A spicy chicken dishEverything was super tasty! I would come back and order the exact same dishes and I'm sure it would be just as good. I recommend coming here if you can avoid a wait. Odd hours and non-weekends would be ideal.
Great service, great food, great ambiance, and not-so-great waiting time. Suggestion: call ahead to reserve your table, as waiting time could be an hour or so.
Don't miss the tea leaf salad.
Bad service with rude and inattentive servers.The tea leaf salad was great!The rest - the second item in the menu in noodles and lurk curry- was mediocre . The former was bad enough we could not eat it.
Delicious! Small, hidden restaurant with really good food.  Only negative, long wait! You can call ahead and put your name on the "list. "Btw, vegetarian samosa soup is a must AH-MAZINGHH
Is there a way to give 6 stars??? This is my boyfriend and my second time here in a week and we are in San Fran restaurant Mecca of then U.S. what does that tell you?! This place blows my mind!!! It's absolutely orgasmic! I really can't say enough good things about how amazing this food is. We had the tea salad, the lamb, pork belly....Mmmmmmm so incredible!!! All I have to say is I'm heartbroken that we are leaving today and it will be awhile before I can taste their food again. I will miss you soooo much Burma Superstar!
Attended with a party of 9. The wait is the wait, if it's gonna ruin your experience, consider eating somewhere else. We ordered family style (tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, mint chicken, sesame chicken, lamb, pastry, coconut rice). All the food lived up to it's billing and the service was attentive. I also got a burma cooler, which was delicious.
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in SF. My sister brought me here and we had the samosa lentil falafel soup and the tea leaf salad yummy. Super authentic and friendly but super busy make sure they don't relocate you to the other one down the street the food isn't as good. The food is amazing went here twice in 3 days :P
Finally after years I went to the San Francisco Burma Superstar. The wait was comparatively short, fifteen minutes, for a table of five. When my friend and I wanted to check out the place years ago, it was at least an hour wait, so we ended up going somewhere else.The food was good, I got the chicken and shrimp casserole, which was good, with a variety of textures and flavors but it was heavy, so come with your appetite.We ordered a lamb samosas and we got chicken. We told the staff and she was quick in responding. She gave the chicken samosas to another table, and we had to wait for the lamb samosas (which arrived after the entres), even though it was an appetizer. Overall, glad I finally made it to the San Francisco location.
Great food, great service. The waiters are very happy and efficient. The wait's long but there's a reason for that and they offer tea to people waiting outside. Definitely recommend this place to SF newcomers.
I would definitely give them more stars if I could. This place is just AMAZING! Delicious authentic food, very fast service, and most important of all very NICE employee. The waitress lady at door who put our name to the waiting list was very very nice and polite. She gave us a waiting time of 15-20 mins but she called us in less than 10 mins. All the staff were smiling and friendly all the time. They are very patient and fast. I wish I knew their name to mention them here. Thank you so much Superstar team for making such a fantastic dinner for us. We had an amazing experience with you guys. Oh the food? Don't ask, just go and try! Don't miss Tea Leaf Salad, Beef Curry with rice, and the Samusa! You will be amazed :D I loved everything about this little place but I think what I will be remembering the most is their nice, polite, and patient staff. Viva Burma Superstar!
This used to be my favorite Burmese along with Rangoon Ruby in Palo Alto. Unfortunately the last dining experience was disappointing especially taking into consideration that I was starving after going to the gym. I ordered the following:Tea leaf salad: tiny portion of tea leaf and the portions are smaller now. Mint chicken: too many dried red pepper, too spicy, not fully cooked garlic.
Awesome experience at Burma Superstar!Food we ordered:Chicken Samosa starter - delicious! Light, crispy outer layer with generous filling of chicken inside, served with a tangy spicy sauce Chili Garlic Shrimp entree - large delicious shrimps sauted in garlic and chilis. This one was great and the portion size is huge. I just wished it was a bit spicer Lamb Curry entree - this was my favorite, super flavorful and the lamb was cooked just right Coconut Rice (a la carte side dish) - you'll have to order rice on the side since the dishes don't come with any. The coconut rice was delicious but I recommend getting one plain rice to allow yourself to really taste the flavors in your entreesService - the waitresses that served our table were both super friendly, helpful, and attentive. The service really helped to make our experience an enjoyable one.
Tried Samosas, beans, classic chicken plate, and black rice pudding. Everything is great! Black rice pudding is definitely a surprise. Not too sweet, with different layers of flavor - black rice, sesame, nuts, and a touch of fresh strawberries. Will come back to try more
Who knew Burmese food is a must have?! I was completely unaware of its deliciousness until I walked into Burma Superstar & was blown away. This delicious restaurant is in the Little Richmond area of San Francisco, in a colorful, international neighborhood. It's clean, with friendly staff & most importantly offers delicious food.I started the meal with fried yellow bean tofu. This tasty appetizer is made with homemade yellow bean tofu. It's crisp on the outside, silky on the inside & paired with a chili sauce -- great start to a meal!Both my dining companion & I enjoyed a tea leaf salad (featured on the Food Network, it's that good), which was totally worth the trip! I've never had anything like it, the tea leaves & peanuts really make this a salad a delicious adventure. The salad was paired with the Vegetarian Samusa Soup. Samusas are the Burmese version of raviolis, they're hand wrapped, fried & filled with potatoes & spices -- this was such a flavorful soup! If you're in San Francisco, don't think about it twice & head to Burma SuperStar & eat like a rockstar!
Excellent. I heard a handful of friends tell me to "Go to Burma Superstar!" So last night when my friend wanted to grab dinner I said, we must "Go to Burma Superstar!" And we did. Another friend said "Ha! Good luck getting a table there." I got there around 6:40 and they quoted us 30-45 minutes. That wasn't too bad. After all, it was a Wednesday. The hostess grabbed my number and she said she'd call when the table was ready. It was about 30 min later when she called us and we were sat in a nice corner seat (albeit near the restroom). Anyway, I ordered the China Beach cocktail (Sauvignon Blanc, jasmine tea, and ginger beer). We agreed to share the tea leaf salad (as recommended online and through friends), the classic Burmese chicken casserole with cardamom and cinnamon rice, and basil chili pork belly (with a side of coconut rice).My friend and I enjoyed the tea leaf salad. The slivered almonds, peanuts, fried garlic, dried shrimp, fresh greens, avocado, and tea leaves made for an uncommon flavor combination... At least those of us not familiar with Burmese cuisine. My personal favorite was the fluffy yet moist coconut rice (with browned crisp onions on top) that was served with our basil chili pork belly. The flavors together worked well and it was delightful. We also liked the traditional Burmese chicken served in a clay pot. The spices were "warm" as my friend put it best-- it *brought* warmth to your insides! It was a mind and body (and palette) experience! The shrimp was plump and the chicken fell off the bone. The hostess and servers were friendly. The bill came out to $67. So hmmm a bit on the pricy side (my friend and I are cheap food fiends), but I will admit this was a damn good meal! Check it out if you haven't already... I mean, there are already 4,000 reviews for this joint! Enjoy.
Good food but I was underwhelmed based on all the hype. Save your money (and wait time) and go instead to Burmese Kitchen.TO GET: Tea leaf salad was REALLY good and unique, yellow bean tofu --it's made in house!TO SKIP: chicken satay, lotus chips, samusa soup
On my list for a long time now....finally got a chance to bring some out of owners here...It was a first for all of us......and very good at that....Service was very good....wait was less than 15 minutes....lucky usWe asked the waiter what was good.....Samosas...very goodBread dip with sauce.....very greasy and too thick for mePumpkin beef stew...excellent on coconut riceTea salad.....definitely over rated......I saw lots of tables that didn't finish so maybe good for vegetarians and light eaters...I just couldn't taste the special flavors....Hope to try again......
First time that I got to try Burmese food was here. I have always been curious what their cuisine was like and was very pleased with finding this restaurant. I got to try their well know appetizer Burmese Samusas in vegetarian and their Nan Pia Dok noodle dish. The samusas is their version of a ravioli but fried. It was really good and u can really taste the curry season inside. What was memorable was this orange house sauce that came as a side dipping, it tasted like an asian version buffalo sauce.. Tangy/Spicy in one. The Nan Pia Dok noddle dish was a really good choice and was recommended by the host since I was actually overwhelmed by the menu. The dish came with flat noodles but did not taste heavy at all. The curry sauce was my favorite part, it was light and not over powering compared to thai flavors sometime.... There was a hint of citrus or lemon grass in the sauce too that balanced out the dish. I was really impressed with the food here, now I will have something to compare it to when I try SoCal Burmese food! TIP It seems like there is always a line, my experience was still excellent with take out :P
I ATE HERE TWICE.I was in the San Francisco area for only a month. And there are thousands of great restaurants in the area.AND I ATE HERE TWICE.I still dream about the Tea Leaf Salad. And the Samusa soup. And the Pumpkin Pork Stew (and I'm not crazy about pumpkin). And the Ginger Lemonade.Yes, there's usually a line. But it's worth the wait. The staff is lovely, the portions are share-able, and you can take home what you don't eat. And you can send me that Tea Leaf Salad, please!
Burma Superstar always has a large crowd outside the mid-sized restaurant. It's not very spacious inside; tables are very close to each other, and it's difficult to maneuver around the restaurant. Large groups may not be ideal because the wait can be long, but I do believe "family-style" dining is the best way to go about eating at Burma Superstar. The menu is quite extensive, so family-style dining with a large group allows you to try many dishes.Tea leaf salad --Dining at any Burmese restaurant, I always get the tea leaf salad. Burma Superstar's version had a lot of texture and flavors -- there's crunchiness from the sunflower seeds, crispiness from the fresh romaine and tomatoes, a little spice from the jalapenos, and a little bitterness from the tea leaf. The salad was displayed nicely in the beginning, when all the ingredients aren't mixed yet, but that's mainly for presentation.Pork curry with potatoes --The braised pork curry with potatoes was really good. The curry was mild (not too spicy) but it was very oily. The large, chunky pieces of pork were so moist, juicy, and fork-tender. I was surprised (and glad) that there was more pork than potatoes!Braised pork belly with mustard greens --The pork belly was very tender and almost had a buttery, melt-in-your-mouth texture. Covered in a delicious, savory and sweet sauce, this dish is difficult to stay away from! The mustard greens' slight bitterness complimented the sweet sauce and pork very well.Coconut rice -- Despite the soft and mushy rice texture, this dish still had great flavor. I'm not a huge fan of coconut, but the flavor was very mild and fragrant. This pairs well with curries.Garlic noodles --The noodles come with a choice of meat (chicken, pork, duck, or vegetarian), each at the same price, so I opted for the duck. The small pieces of duck were tender but not that flavorful. The dish as a whole was just too oily and heavy. Also, I tasted no hint of garlic.Service at Burma Superstar is friendly and attentive. Everything on the menu is overpriced, probably because they're so popular and over-hyped. However, I still enjoy the food and the huge variety of dishes to choose from, so I'll be returning. Just need to suffer through a long wait time.
Oh my goodness this place. I went to B Star, one of the branches, like 5-6 years ago and had Burmese food for the first time and it was delicious. Fast forward to 2015 and I still haven't Burmese food except for that one time so here we were again!We came on Monday night at 8:30 pm and there was still a 30 minute wait. Of course we waited, and they made to sure to bring us some nice hot tea while we were outside. Once seated, we ordered the Vegetable Samusa Soup, the Garlic Noodles, and the Fiery Vegetables. The Soup was the favorite amongst all 3 of us. The proportion of spices, along with eating pieces of Samosas and Falafel was just amazing. I love to make the dishes in restaurants at home but I feel that this one would be very difficult to make!The garlic noodles were very good as well. Nothing special about them but still, very well done. The third dish--the Fiery Vegetables were sort of a disappointment. Whether it was the too much tofu or the the actual taste of the spices and sauces, everything tasted very bitter. They were also pretty dry with not that much curry sauce to each rice with. However, the other two entrees made up for it so not too many complaints!We also got an alcoholic China Beach, which didn't taste like anything really. It was not very strong and the taste of the juice wasn't that distinct as well--seemed more like I was drinking a watered down juice. However, they drink collected looked good so maybe give something else a try from there, like a Sangria?Overall, a great SF food experience!
I super love their food! I had my first burmese food here, now I'm a fan. I always go here everytime we visit San Francisco and I would say it's a must. My favorite restaurant in SF. Expect a long line when you go here, it's always crowded and be ready to wait for an hour or more. But the wait is worth it. I super love the beef curry, spicy chicken with basil, coconut rice... so flavorful and delicious! That I crave everytime I think of them and I hate that they only have it in north cal. Mint chicken and mango chicken were okay. I'm not a fan of their tea leaf salad, i find it salty. Platha dip is a must here, the bread is just so perfect with the buttery coconut curry sauce. Mango lassi (mango with yogurt) was good as well. Since it's always a busy place, most of the time it's hard to find your server because they are busy with another customer. I think the owner needs to hire more employees, because whenever we go here it takes forever to order again and to get our bill. Nevertheless, I can't wait for our next trip to SF.
This place is nothing fancy aesthetically, but who needs fancy when the food is so delicious?! There was already a 45 minute wait for private tables when we arrived around 5 pm on a Saturday, but we were able to get in as a party of 2 at a communal round table right away. I started with a white wine sangria (which was delicious and contained real, boozy fruit!), and we shared an order of samusas for an appetizer, which were so flavorful you almost didn't need the dipping sauce. We both got the tea leaf salad for our entres. The table-side preparation alone is impressive, but the salad's varied but complimentary flavors would have been worth the 45 minute wait! The wait staff are very efficient since they are so busy. The dining space is tight, but most popular restaurants are. If you're introverted, you can always order to go. ;-) Even if you have reservations about trying something different, give this place a try and enjoy! Metered street parking only, but it's free after 6.
Second time here and it was definitely a good experience. First time was no good because the catfish was not tasty and very boney. My cousin ordered the menu and everything was pretty good. The salads (tea leaf and rainbow) were very excellent and tossed expertly by Terry. Yes tossed by Terry. Ask him to toss it when you are here. You will not regret it. Btw, the pumpkin pork curry was way better than the lamb.
Food is very good, very tasty, whatever you order, you cannot go wrong!
The food here is just okay...I have only ate here a few times cause there aren't many Burmese restaurants. My family is from Burma and it's really watered down in comparison. Also, the service here is horrible and contributes to their long wait. Today, I was in the area so I decided to order to go. DONT BOTHER EVEN ORDERING TO GO. It's not worth wasting your time. I was at the restaurant, but no one was even at the front. So I decided to call... Waited 10+ minutes on the phone and just gave up.
TEA LEAF SALAD. That's it. KthanksbyeEverything was so great! Including the sangria.
We had to try this restaurant based on its reviews and it did not disappoint. We waited 40mins for a table because we reached there at 5:30pm. It's a very small place so be prepared to wait. The good was absolutely amazing. We had the Tea leaf salad, noodles, lamb curry and the coconut rice. Will definitely return.
We are visiting from Seattle ate here today. I was very impressed by the food and service . I am Burmese and took 2 people that had never eaten Burmese food. It was like my moms home cooking and my guests loved it . Burmese food is similar to Indian and Thai so if you like curry, coconut milk and fresh salads , you will like Burmese food. It has a different flavor profile then other asian cuisines but is not that unfamiliar in taste or ingredients. If you want something different and enjoy Thai, Indian, Vietnamese food, you will enjoy Burma Superstar! We got there an hour early before opening but the line did not start until 10 minutes before opening.We started off with the famous Tea leaf salad , the tea leaves are from Burma & marinated on site . The rainbow salad was a combination of cabbage, tomatoes, noodles and crunchy fried onions and dry shrimp. The mix of textures and sweet/sour (from the tamarind ) flavors was very good. We had the mohinga- fish stew , the oh noh kawswer Chicken noodles in coconut milk, pork curry which were all flavorful and tender. The fried rice was my son's favorite and my uncle enjoyed the garlic eggplant. The shrimp with fresh mangos was also a hit. We ended the meal with coconut fritters and mango sorbet. Service was very fast and friendly! It's our new favorite restaurant in San Francisco!
Healthy food and good ambiance! The food that we ordered is really delicious. Almost perfect! Service had a few problems in handling customers' needs. I'm still going back for the sake of their delicious dishes.
Have been there twice. Pretty awesome food. Hot tea outside for people waiting for a table is a nice touch.
I took some friends here for them to try burmese food for the first time, and they all liked it all very much.First off though, expect the wait to be a lot longer than estimated. I called in 10 minutes before arriving to put my phone number down, and was given a half an hour estimation. Once I got there, I waited an extra hour before being seated. The good thing is that they'll take your phone number and call you when your table is ready, but with such a short time estimation (that never changed during the wait) it's hard to go anywhere else.The food was good though. Not sure if it's worth the wait all the time, but I enjoyed the meal. My favorites were the samusas (which were like a cross between an indian samosa and samolian sambusa, with a good ratio of potato to meat) and the lamb curry, which was nice and flavorful. In the end, the food was good enough for me to forget the frustration of being kept around while waiting, so I do recommend it!
Initially, I planned on writing a detailed review. But I'm in such a food coma, I can barely move. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Super stuff !
Crowded as always lol remember to come earlier during the weekends.  One of its kind in this neighborhood! For me personally, B food is a mix of Thai, viet, and other southern Asian dishes. You have to try at least once if you ever visit inner Richmond !
I really hate to say it but I thought it was just okay.. With all the great reviews plus the long lines out the door I've seen countless times anytime I passed by any Burma I was counting down the days I would finally be able to dine at one.Dinner hour started at 5 and we got there around 5:20, it was already packed but with the two of us we were luckily seated right away with just another two-sweater table to spare behind me. The service was super friendly and quick.Based on the many reviews of some very popular dishes we settled on the infamous tea leaf salad, garlic noodles w/ prawns, chicken and shrimp casserole. Salad had a strong flavor and many different textures with a nice crunch. Never had fermented seaweed before and I think it's more of an acquired taste, it was super salty. The salad filled us up before the entree. After the first few bites the flavor was almost too much for me, really concentrated flavors of saltiness. Garlic noodles were good but nothing amazing or 4/5 stars worth here. It had a subtle flavor which was nice after the salty salad. The cucumbers in it was a really nice touch adding a crisp freshness to heavy noodles. The casserole was a huge serving. A big ole chicken right on top! I was expecting chunks or shreds of chicken. It had a heavy spice in it like a curry. I don't really like curry so this was kind of a sad miss for me. I would come back nonetheless just to try different dishes because despite my personal first experience there has to be a reason this place has 4 stars with thousands of reviews. I'll be back with an open mind, just hope not to be disappointed a second time around or else I'll be forever moving on.
Arrived around 6:30pm on a Thursday night. Not too much of a line, however we were waiting for another friend to arrive at 7pm. Returned at 7pm with our friend and we were promptly seated.. In fact, they had a table waiting for us. It was nice not having to wait much!Service was great and food was delicious! Though it is a very small restaurant, servers managed to present and mix the tea leaf salad, divide the moh hinga for us, and mix the nan gyi dok tableside. Our four dishes came out quickly and we were in and out within an hour.Would definitely come back again on a week night.
Great find! We had been biking all morning and needed a place for lunch. The room was warm much to our sweaty dismay, but the experience made it well worthy it. We got the iced ginger lemon tea which i would highly recommend, very refreshing after the heat and they don't skimp on the ginger. We got the rainbow salad, a recommended curry noodle dish and the samusas and the Nan Gyi Dok, all delicious. I wish we could have tried everything but those filled us up. Great for sharing and decent portion sizes. The staff was extremely helpful as well.
A homie of mine (Daniel Homedawg L) encouraged me to write a review about my tastebuds dancing in the sunlight after taking a bite of my tea leaf salad. Okay, I admit. I stole that line from him. I've been here a few times before-usually dining at the restaurant and occasionally I call in to order for pick up(today was occasional). My dining experience is never complete if I don't order the tea leaf salad. It pops with so much flavor and crunch. The nuts, lentils and toasted garlic really add to the composition of the dish. Ooh and the fermented tea leaves are just flavorful enough to stimulate my tastebuds without overpowering the other ingredients. Heads up! If you order takeout, the serving sizes are a BIT smaller than they would be if you were dining in. I ended up ordering another salad for my mom when I got to the restaurant to pick up my order cause I realized I'm too selfish to share the goodness. But the quality of the food is still fully packed in the box just waiting to explode in your mouth! Sorry Daniel for not saving you any. P. S. The coconut rice is yum!Peace homies.
Tea leaf salad-I was so full! Tasty tasty. Very crowded! Returning so this review is a little more detailed.
Ridiculously long wait.. for ridiculously good food.Upon arriving at the restaurant after finding metered street parking (free on Sundays), we were informed of a wait time of an hour and 15 minutes for a party of 2. We put our name down and killed time walking around/browsing stores. We were seated around 9 pm after waiting an hour and a half. I was about to pass out from hunger. We quickly ordered the Rainbow Salad, Samusa Soup, and Pork Pumpkin Stew with Coconut Rice. Thankfully, the food was served rather quickly.The Rainbow Salad featured a variety of ingredients with a sweet Tamarind sauce. It's mix of flavors made for a wonderful salad. The Samusa Soup had a hint of spice with crunchy felafels. Other than being slightly salty, it was delicious and paired well with the sweet salad. The Pork Pumpkin Stew included extremely tender pork with squash in a rich, creamy sauce. It was amazing! The Coconut Rice was bomb.Overall, the dining experience at Burma Superstar was exceptional. This was my first time trying Burmese food so I cannot comment on the authenticity of the cuisine. However, the food itself was incredible. The staff was also attentive, charming, and well-trained. Great experience besides the lengthy wait time in the cold!
So, my uber driver and Co riders basically forced me to easy here art I was headed to some Vietnamese restaurant. Good call. Short wait for me on a Sunday night. Tea leaves. Bread and dip. Mint chicken and coconut rice. First meal in San fran on this trip. Balling out..
Actually ate here a few times before, but apparently I've never reviewed it.Their Okra+egg curry dish was very nice. The egg tasted like a firm tofu and the okra still had its original sticky texture. My second favorite dish of the night was the chili lamb. There's a distinct flavor that I couldn't quite make out, but it made the dish.Expect a 45+ minute wait. You can walk around and check out mom and pop shops if it's not too cold!
I knew this place was popular so we made sure to get here 20 minutes before it opened for dinner on a thursday. I'm glad we did as the line was about 20-30 people deep by the time doors opened. We got seated and I was happy they served beer in larger sizes. I got the 32 oz of Anchor Steam so I didn't need to worry about ordering extra later.The fermented tea leaf salad was a must. It was really unique in that the tea leaves gave a kind of tang that you wouldn't expect. Plus they mix it at your table, that was kinda cool. We also got the Burmese Samusas, and you can tell there is some Indian influence as there was a bit of curry that made them very interesting. The Steak Kabat was solid too. A great mix of spicy and sweet with the tomatoes plus you could really pick out the mint, I know that might be a negative for some but I enjoyed.The service was on point, They got our food out really quickly but didn't feel rushed to get us out. Burma Superstar is worthy of the hype.
This is my second time here and the tea leave salad is amazing. The curry lamp and chocken basil are awesome. ..I recommend this restaurant at anytime
Love this place. Skip the wait and call ahead and put your name on the list and youll be good to go.Tea Leaf Salad is amazing.Samusa Soup is amazing.Chili Lamb is amazing.Sesame Chicken is amazing (not a burmese dish but a must for me)Superstar Shrimp is amazing.Coconut Rice is amazing.Wok Tossed Broccoli is amazing (best broccoli I've ever had).If I ever found myself on death row, I would request the items listed above as my last meal. Great service as well, very friendly and attentive.
This is my absolute favorite rest hands down!!! I'm a repeat tender every time I'm in the city ........Rainbow salad & tea leaf salad are BOTH my favorites & samosa are divine.But if your a carnivore any lamb on the menu is killer. The staff is amazing & place fills up quickly
Come early - Lines get crowdedBest - Tea leaf salad, samusa soup, sangria Good - Lamb curry , Burmese fried Rice Meh - Mint Chicken, any tofu dish Overall definitely worth one-time visit!
Magnificent vegetarian dinner and with a remarkably calm vibe for being so busy. Burmese never fails to delight out of town visitors (one of them called it her new favorite cuisine!) with its varied textures and refreshing pops of flavor. Tea leaf salad is always a favorite. I dream of those fried, crispy garlic chips. The superstar noodle was a game changer! An entirely new way to make sweet, sour, spicy, and savory work together. Haven't been this delighted since the first time I tried pad Thai. Veg curry was delightful in the same dimensions as the superstar noodle.The samusa soup was pleasantly sour! To top it all off, our server was super friendly. Despite crushing numbers of customers, including those at our table (in rush hour you can opt to sit at a shared table), we never felt rushed and were able to get more water, etc. whenever we needed it :). ---If you are a Burmese addict like me, you HAVE to try the yellow tofu salad at Rangoon Superstar, should your travels take you to Berkeley. It is the only reason I usually opt to go to Rangoon. Plus there's never a wait!
Came here at 5pm on the dot and got in without wait. Definitely order take-out if wait is longer than 30-40 minutes and you live around the area.What I ordered:Burma Cooler (Ginger Lemon Beer cocktail) - great!Rainbow Salad- good but not wow.Nan Gyi Dok - interesting and worth a tryChili Lamb - must try, spicy!Coconut Rice - must tryThe drink was an awesome and refreshing start to the meal. The acidity of the lemon juice and the light spice of the gingers complements the beer flavors quite well. The beer is not very strong or hoppy, so even if you're not a fan of beer, you can enjoy this drink. The ginger flavors could have been more pronounced though. I think I would definitely try this at home with a stronger beer.Since I tried the tea leaf salad at Mandalay already, I opted for the rainbow salad here. To be honest, I was not impressed. For me, the blend of flavors and different textures was an incredibly enlightening idea, but this particular application was lacking a little bit in the kick-in-your-face department.The nan gyi dok is basically noodles stirred with cocoanut curry, cilantro, chicken, garlic, shallot slices, and some other spices. It's definitely complex in flavors, but a bit too carb-loaded.Chili Lamb - stir-fried lamb with onions, jalapenos, and tons of chilis. It has a strong cumin aroma, which goes amazingly well with both lamb and the salty stir-fry. It definitely packs in a lot of heat but not overly so where you'd feel your tongue falling off. A must try.Winner tonight was the coconut rice. How a coconut sweet syrup dripped over rice can be so simple yet so delicious is beyond me.The service here is great. Servers were attentive, polite, and incredibly patient, which must be incredibly difficult at such a busy restaurant.
Friendly staff, lightning fast service and delicious food that comes out with a wicked quickness. It's really as simple as that. The only downsides about this place are the occasional wait during peak hours (which you can't really blame them for, place is popular) and the occasional entitled tech yuppie bellyaching about said wait. Protip: Get the "I know Kung Fu" soju cocktail.
My foodie friend brought me here, so I knew it would be great, but Oh my God. We ordered plenty, but I still have dreams about the Coconut rice (weird, right?) and the pumpkin curry stew.Honestly, I think anything you order there will be delicious. And the people are friendly too :)
I'm really disappointed with their food lately. It seems like they've gotten lazy. Ordered just a rainbow salad and the portion is super small. Not sure if it's bc they changes carry out boxes from paper to plastic ( not earth friendly ! Burma!). They didn't put the usual in there. Only noodles cabbage and a few other ingredients. No tomato or onions. The portion is half the size of eating there. You are getting lazy Burma. Step it up!
This is kind of a late review but I went here for my birthday a few months ago for dinner. The food is AMAZING. The line... Not so. But that's the thing about good food, expect long wait time! It was my first time going so I can't really say much but the food is definitely filling and my favorite is their coconut rice! Yum! It's not always made the same (we ordered two bowls at different times) one was more coconutty than the other but still great! Especially when eating it with something spicy. Definitely a nice place to try Burmese food.
Simply amazing. Try the tea leaf Salad and the samusa soup. The staff makes you feel like they are serving you in their own home. If you like rose flavors, i highly recommend the rose tea. Our meat eaters enjoyed the Plata with dip and the lamb kabat .
For how many stars and reviews this place, I had very high expectations of this place.Tea leaf salad: Their most popular dish. Pretty presentation, but didn't really stand out to me. Was a bit too bitter for my liking.Vegetarian samusa soup: Another featured dish. Kind of a sour tasting soup. I enjoyed it!Coconut rice: Must get!!!! Ugh I NEED to learn how they make this because it was so bomb.Platha and dip: Perfect appetizer! This was one of my favorites. Perfectly crispy and the dip that came with it was amazing.Spicy & crispy chicken: We all loved this one. Much flavor. Such crispy.Garlic noodles: I'm a sucker for garlic noodles, pretty delicious!Rainbow: (Forgot the whole dish name) It was good but not amazing.The bill came out to be $100 and my amazing friend Jenny C. forreal paid for it all. There were 5 of us and we couldn't finish the food, but there wasn't much to really take home either.This place is definitely worth trying though!
Heard so much about Burma Superstar! We lucked out because when we got to the restaurant there happened to not be so many people on the waiting list so we literally waited like 2 minutes before being seated. The food here was very good and the flavors were awesome. You can't get some of these flavors elsewhere. The tea leaf salad was excellent. To this day I'm still drooling when I think about the fresh salad taste with the fermented tea leaves and then the nutty and fishy flavors! So good!
Burmese food - flavorful as Thai food, hearty as Indian, and colorful as vegetarian. One of my new favorites for sure! I will come back every time I show someone SF
The wait here is NOT. the. business.But, if you can stick it out or go right when it opens, it's worth it!My go-to items are:-Tea leaf salad-Samosa soup-Chicken and shrimp casseroleThat's enough to feed 2-3 people forsure.After my first visit, I would have given this restaurant four-stars, but with friends visiting, we decided to stop by - full knowing it would be a long wait. The host took down our phone number and told us it would be a one hour wait. We patiently killed time around the city, and came back an hour later. Still packed, he asked that we wait 30 more minutes. We were slightly annoyed, but understood given the popularity of this restaurant. As our table was being cleared, another host came and accidentally gave our table away! Instead of simply apologizing, he rudely made us wait another 45 minutes to be seated. The food at that point was good, but not worth the 2+ hour wait!
How have I never reviewed Burma Superstar? It just makes no sense. I guess it's been just too daunting to tackle. I mean how do you talk to an angel? This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Me and my boo start many a day out on the town here, usually on Sundays or Fridays when we can.Some important things to note:- the food is an incredible cross-reference of light, crisp salads, robust, hearty soups, lean, perfectly-spiced sauteed meats and veggies, etc.They even have some crazy, sugary dishes for those weird friends of yours who won't listen to you when you tell them what they should order and then they end up ordering some gooey battered sweet chicken thing and regretting it... you know the type- the staff (from host/hostess to server, food runner, etc) are extremely well-informed about the food their serving you and can answer any questions you might have and make suggestions based on your preferences- they have an extensive selection of hot teas (plus herbal, non-caffeinated options)and booze! Tasty beers and soju cocktails!Here are some suggestions from a person who's eaten here dozens of times:For everyone:Tea Leaf Salad (the dressing contains fish sauce and they also put a little dried shrimp on the salad, so if you're vegetarian or have allergies just let them know)Samusa SoupTan Poi Rice (a deliciously almost Moroccan-inspired basmati rice with spices and raisins)For vegetarians/vegans:Mango Salad (Yumtown, population: you)Tofu Vegetable Kebat (a deliciously fragrant and tangy sauce with bell peppers)Okra TofuFor meat eaters:Chili Lamb (amazingly-well flavored strips of sauteed lamb with jalapenos, chilis and garlic)Mint Chicken (tender sauteed chicken with whole garlic cloves and peppers)Steak Kebat (a deliciously fragrant and tangy sauce with bell peppers with super tender chunks of steak)The staff at Burma Superstar (Inner Richmond) couldn't be any better... as cheesy as it sounds, they are the real superstars! Fanny, Queena, Lynda, I'm looking at you guys! All the staff are friendly and knowledgeable and the cooks are just amazing.Five HUGE stars for this place!
Burma Superstar was a great experience - each dish we had including simple flavors executed extremely well, combined with very friendly and attentive service. We went for lunch, which turned out to be a good idea, as they said the wait could be 1-2 hours during dinnertime, as the restaurant is not that large, but has become quite well-known. The menu was huge and really had something for everyone - vegetarian, carnivore, spice lovers and not.Drinks - I had ginger lemon iced tea and my boyfriend had a mango lassi. Both were great - they give you a mini-pitcher of tea when you order the iced tea, and it was great - the ginger and lemon were combined in a perfect mixture without being overwhelming and also had a pinch of sweetness to it. The lassi was filling and sweet - like a mango milkshake!Food - After surveying the menu, we'd planned on ordering the tea leaf salad and eggplant/tofu curry. However, our waitress also mentioned that most people come particularly for the samosa soup - while we knew it'd be a lot of food, we didn't want to miss out! The soup came out first, served piping hot. It was full of a lot of different flavors - samosa, falafel, onion, cabbage and a hearty broth. The samosa and falafel both had many components to them, and the serving was more than enough for two people - we were each able to have two bowls-worth. The salad came out before the soup was done - each component was served up separately on one large dish and tossed in front of us. The salad looked rather uneventful before being tossed, but each of the flavors complemented one another so nicely. The tea leaf dressing pulled everything together, but there was lots of crunch in this salad and all the vegetables were quite fresh! At this point, we were already getting full, when a rather large eggplant dish was put in front of us. The eggplant was particularly tender and the curry served with it had quite a heat! The tofu tasted like it was marinated in a bit of a sweet-ish sauce, which gave at least a bit of a reprieve from all of the heat!At this point, we were both extremely full. Our waitress had checked up on us many times to make sure we were satisfied and happy, without being overbearing. While there are very few (I'm not sure there are any!) restaurants I'd wait outside for two hours for (they don't take reservations), all of the food was very quality. Definitely a bit pricey, particularly for a lunch time meal, though servings were very generous and you could easily have a bowl of cereal or very light meal for dinner.
Burmese food is like Indian and Thai mixed together. That is the most layman way I can sum up this nation's offerings. I've been to a mere three Burmese restaurants in the Bay Area and I have to say this is the best.
Love this place. Probably my third time going. I keep coming back because the food is so different and unique. Tea leaf salad, lamb samosas, and mango curry. Must try!
After we ate here, my friend and I developed some really bad stomach issues. We didn't eat the same food at any point earlier in the day, or after our "Superstar" visit. So, while the food tasted really good as we ate it, I wouldn't go back there AT ALL after having spent some really awful time in the bathroom later that evening.
Came here through the suggestion of a friend and have been coming back ever since without fail, each time I go to San Francisco. My office is near SoMa so I rent a bicycle and ride over, it's becoming something of a tradition.The service is always great, whether I go with 8 people or just by myself. It's clean and always sports a great atmosphere.What to get:Tea Leaf Salad - Everyone's suggested this and for great, great reason. Just be open to the flavors (unless you have allergies) and try it. I could eat this for days.Chicken with Fresh Basil - So simple and so good it gets you angry.Chili Lamb - What in the world? So many flavors, so ridiculous, pair this with coconut rice (I don't even prefer coconut rice) and you will smile on the worst day.I've tried a few others but these are the standout dishes I know I can always count on. The food is consistent and always fresh. Typing this makes me want to take a plane over to SF just for a meal...
This place is yummy to the tummy!!! Always busy but so much worth the wait.....tea leaf salad...enough said! Yummmmmmmmmmmm! The other items on their menu are also delicious...you just have to go!
Have been here multiple times and the Samusa Soup and Tea Leaf Salad never fail to impress!Unfortunately, I have never liked/enjoyed anything else here. Also find it a bit too pricey to eat there too often.
TEA LEAF SALAD & RAINDOW SALAD!!!!the hype is real. omg this is my favorite place to eat. i never thought i would be so excited to eating a salad...go here early it gets crazy even though i think the wait would be worth it if you also order the PUMPKIN PORK!! mmmmmm..gotta come here every time i'm in sf. in my opinion, this location is the best (food wise and consistancy)
Excellent Burmese food! We tried the burmese samusas which were nice and crispy. Rainbow salad which had the right amount of tamarind sauce. Chicken and seafood claypot which was extremely tender. Also had the pumpkin curry which was very tender as well!Will definitely come back!
Unbelievably delicious. The coconut rice and tea salad are musts. This is my favorite restaurant in the city. Worth the wait.
If you live in the city, this is one place to be on your check list if you haven't tried it already. Their tea leaf salad is the best! Food comes in good quantity, I still end up ordering too much food every time I go there! Great place for vegetarians as well and I loved their brown fried rice(was really different) and how can I forget their Sambusa soup! Make sure you make a reservation as this place usually have long queues, especially on weekends
Prompt and friendly service, delicious food and presentation. Had the Tea leaf salad, Nan pia dok, and Thai tea. Cocont, garlic, lemon, cilantro, jalapeo, and other amazing spices, you can't go wrong. It was crowded which I expected, but poor ventilation made it uncomfortabley warm. All in all I highly recommend you go!
So hubby decided to get the nan gyi dok this time, and when the waiter tried to take his empty plate he objected because he wanted to pour the sauce over some rice (which I ordered with my food). The waiter goes away, but two minutes later he comes back... With a cup of the coconut curry sauce for hubby. And let me tell you, that sauce is fucking magical.I will never, EVER stop being in love with this place. Ever.
Long wait. Could be 90+ minutes BUT totally worth it!! Burmese cuisine is historically influenced by Thai, Cambodian and Vietnamese. But Burma superstar managed to create a taste that is so uniquely Burmese yet at the same time let you taste those other influences.
Tea leaf salad is a must and a Food Network featured dish--the tea leaves are from Burma. Coconut rice is a great treat for desert! Yum!
Awesome. Worth the wait. Great service, fantastic good. I want their food every day for the rest of my life!!! Hahaha. Super affordable too.
what's not to like? Well, the fact that they don't take reservations and the wait is ridiculous. But the food is great! put your name down and take a stroll up and down clement, window shop, pop in a few bars to kill the time.
Worth the wait.Everything's delicious and the staff is super nice.
Every time I pass by Burma Superstar, there are always, without fail, people waiting. I finally couldn't curb my curiosity and decided that I had to try it for myself. We went straight to business, and ordered their famous tea leaf salad, chili lamb, pumpkin pork curry, garlic shrimp, stir fried beef noodles and a side of coconut rice. The food came out quickly, and everything was really flavorful. I particularly enjoyed the coconut rice with the dishes, went together perfectly. Overall, I did enjoy my meal. The food was well seasoned and had good flavors, and the service was friendly. I probably wouldn't wait hours just to eat here, but I'll definitely come by again to try other dishes on the menu.
BEST SALAD EVER. Yes. THE BEST. I've never had Burmese food before and I have been back here every time I've gone to SF because I love it that much. The first time I went, we didn't know any better so we just arrived, put our name on the list, and proceeded to wait 2+ hours. Now we know better! We always call when we're heading there to put our name on the list. With all the traffic in the city, by calling in, we only end up waiting for a short amount of time. They call you when they're ready for you anyway, so you can go exploring up and down Clement Street. I love that they provide heat lamps and hot tea while you wait. Annd the host/hostess are always gracious and apologetic about your wait. They also expedite the process for those that don't want to wait long and would like to go to the sister restaurant B-Star.YOU MUST ORDER the tea leaf salad. For a party of 4, I think the single order isn't enough. We always get at least a 1 1/2 order or a double order. So worth it. The tea leaf salad comes with so many goodies I can't even describe it all. It's served with fermented tea leaves from Burma, fried garlic, lentils, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds and I'm sure other goodies I'm missing out. The dressing is simple and is just a bit of oil and lemon. It's out of this world. It's amazing. It's...Just try it! Other things you should try- coconut rice - cooked in coconut milk, it's rich and slightly sweet. Delicious with all the food. - platha - Indian influenced flat bread. Deep fried with a good flavor that isn't overwhelmingly curry- Pork Curry with potatoes - extremely tender pork curry. My new favorite! Was recommended by our server. - Burmese Style curry (with beef) - very flavorful and cooked well. Great choice if you like curry- wok-tossed broccoli - very tasty and garlicky. Safe dish and a good way to get your veggies in!Things to pass- Spicy chicken with Basil - has a nice kick to it, but wasn't very interesting. Lots of thai influence in this dish. - samusa - Not what I expected. I love samosas and thought it would taste similar. Wasn't very good in my opinion. Beer selection was small, but sufficient. My sister ordered this pomegranate lemonade that was really tasty so I recommend that. Ice Tea comes in a carafe so you can get your drink on! I wish this place was closer to me. I'd be here are a few times a week!
WOW! My husband and I came here after reading the amazing yelp and trip advisor reviews. Saying that were not dissapointed is wrong because we were beyond pleased. my husband and i both agree that THIS WAS THE HIGHLIGHT OF OUR TRIP! We love Southeast Asian food and were so pleased that this place and the food lived up to the hype of all the amazing reviews. The place opens at 5pm. We got there at 5:30pm and it was full with people waiting at the front. They do not accept reservations so you have to wait. The good thing is that they have hot tea and a bench with a lamp heater on top for those waiting outside. They will take your phone number and call you even though you are there so be attentive. We saw a group that lost their place in the list and had to wait longer. We had:Rainbow Salad: comes with 22 ingredients separated and they get mixed up by the server. Truly delicious. Platha Bread with Coconut Curry Dip: The platha bread is AMAZING. You can order it with or without the dip. With the dip you get 4 pieces and by itself you get a bigger portion. Don't leave without trying this!Classic burmese chicken casserole: This came in a cast iron skillet. It was very good. It comes with rice and raisins so you have a mix of flavors in your mouth.Basil Chili Pork Belly: This was very spicy but so good that even my husband who is not a spicy kind of guy loved it. Just don't eat the red peppers because it can be extremely hot. Rose Tea: This tea in an infusion of the rose buds. They bring it in a tea pot with the floating buds which is enough for 2-4 people. I loved it! The bill came down to around $70 so it can add up but again its so worth it as its the wait. If i find myself in SF again, i will for sure come here again. I wish they were in the east cost. PLEASE COME TO DC!
Made sure to get here close to opening time on a Saturday as I knew they would fill up quick. They were already packed by the time we arrived, but luckily didn't have to wait for a table.Got the tea leaf salad and eggplant with garlic and rice. Everything tasted fresh, delicious and unique. The salad was brought and mixed right at our table. Service was friendly and fast. Loved it!
I came here on a Saturday night with a friend who lives in the city and has been here a few times. We shared he tea leaf salad, platha dip and a chicken noodle dish. The first two were my favorite. I'm not usually a salad person, but the flavors were so unique and delicious. The bread that came with the dip was perfectly chewy. The service staff was very friendly. It's so great to try a Burmese place for the first time and now I want to find one in Orange County!
Absolutely one of the best places to eat! I always find myself coming back to this place and always leaving with satisfaction in my stomach.Started off with the Tea Leaf Salad... OMG! Love love love love this salad.. So yummy and tasty... Very deliciousAlso started with curry chicken dip and some kind of flat bread/roti looking thing (sorry guys, don't remember the name) but it's was so good... My best friend and I ordered it again to go with our main meal.Which brings me to this-- mince chicken (chilly chicken) and the coconut rice- holy cow it was awesome. The best thingy my mouth has taste and boy oh boy, try it with the chicken curry gravy and you will have no regrets.Must try the lychee mojito!!!! Honesty will leave here happy!
This is gateway Burmese food. The tea leaf salad is heavy on romaine and light on funky fermented tea leaves. That's not necessarily a bad thing. If you like Thai and Cambodian and Vietnamese and want to try something new, BS will provide a smooth transition.My favorite dish, requested by someone allergic to soy, was the fried yellow bean tofu. Crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside, with sweet/spicy dipping sauce. The 2 year old was easily convinced these were cookies.Service is quick and efficient and extremely accommodating and friendly. We'd actually planned to eat at B Star down the street but the wait was shorter here... maybe an anomaly.
We had the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, coconut rice, sesame chicken and walnut prawns. It was great. Terrific service too.
We were newbies to this restaurant and to Burmese cuisine. For this, we relied heavily on Yelpers' reviews and on our waiter's recommendations. For starters, we ordered the very popular Tea Leaf Salad. The owner jets to Burma to buy the tea leaves. The leaves are fermented and assembled on the plate with other salad ingredients such as peanuts, fried garlic, roasted sesame, sunflower seeds, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, lemons & dried shrimp. Once the dish arrived, our waiter gave a brief description of the salad, then began tossing it at our table. It was a good salad and worth trying at least once. Next time we visit however, I'd like to try the Rainbow Salad. Next came the Bun Tay Kauswer. This dish is made with a flour noodle that is seasoned with a coconut curry sauce. Tossed in are pieces of cabbage, eggs & fried onions; a very rich entree.We also ordered the Steak Kebat and a side of Coconut Rice. The meat was very tender and tasty. With Burma having so many neighboring countries for influences, it's very difficult to discern the differing spices. In a number of dishes, you may taste Indian, Chinese, Thai and/or Laotian; I suppose that is the beauty of the Burmese cuisine. We had ordered the Coconut Rice as an accompaniment to our savory dishes. Although the rice was delicious, it was a little too sweet. I would have preferred something a little savory to match our other dishes.Overall, it was a great experience! We arrived early on a Monday evening, so there were plenty of tables in which to choose. By the time we left, there were multiple groups waiting outside for seating. Our waiter was very kind, helpful and thorough. We are definitely returning. These are one of those restaurants where you'd want to try everything on their menu.
I like Burma Superstar. Holds true to its reputation. It's good and prides itself in Burmese & Chinese food.The tea leaf salad is good but I personally do prefer Pagan's. They also have a plethora of other dishes bursting with flavor. Several curries and was surprised to find plenty of Chinese-influenced dishes here as well.They have lunch specials which are slightly cheaper ($1-$2 bucks off per entree) than dinner prices; they offer some of their curries in the lunch specials served smaller portioned along with a scoop of rice.Staff was wonderful and friendly. Burma Superstar is really what you make of it- you can go as authentic as you'd like, but if you want to restrict yourself, you can also make it a more fusion experience if you select some of the other dishes that aren't authentic-Burmese.Ambiance is clean and cozy. Good for parties of 2 or 4. I believe there's maybe 1-2 bigger tables.
I've been to both the Oakland and the San Francisco locations. I feel like the jasmine rice is better at the Oakland location but maybe that's because I went to the Oakland location the first few times I went to Burma. Tea leaf salad is always good, and I get it almost every time. Fresh, crunchy, and delish. I try to get different entrees each time and I've never been disappointed. Curries are good, catfish, noodles all good. And their PLATHA is so good (I love any sort of carbs especially flaky bread/pastry things).
LOVED it.I came with one of my girlfriends a couple of months ago and for some reason it wasn't as good as my experience last Sunday.Some helpful tips:1.) Get there BEFORE they open. It's crucial to be in the first wave of people seated. If you aren't seated immediately, you might as well go down the street to Mandalay.2.) Tea Leaf Salad. Enough said.I've never had a salad that was tangy, texturey, and flavorful in every single bite!3.) COCONUT RICE. Holy crap, I could eat this by the spoonful daily. And I'm not even a rice eater.We also had the Mo Hinga (catfish soup) which is one of my favorite burmese dishes. It was good but not mindblowing. We also had this spicy pork belly dish that was also good but not a must have. It went well with the coconut rice and added a bit of heat which I always like.I wouldn't be willing to wait for two hours, but considering we got there right when it opened, it was way worth it.
I was super excited for Burmese food since we don't have any good Burmese restaurants back home. I am biased because my aunt makes amazing Burmese food and it makes my dad's cooking taste elementary. Of course I had to order my favorite mohinga and ohnokauswer. I've never had a Burmese curry dish before so I had to order the pork curry with pickled mangoes and a side of coconut rice. I can eat that coconut rice all day every day, I love it when it's fragrant- though a bit on the sweet side. The mohinga was up to my standard and probably my aunts standards if she had some. I wish I could say the same about the ohnokauswer - super heavy and actually made me feel a little sick. The pork curry was yummy. And the rainbow salad with all the different textures and ingredients reminded me of my aunt's salad. We did have to wait over an hr for a table of 4 on a Friday night but it wasn't too bad. Service was awesome. Overall good Burmese food that didn't taste as good as my aunt's but better than my dad's haha.
Well it lived up to the hype for us. Not only was the food amazing, the service was friendly and lightning fast. Next time I'm in the area I will certainly stop again.
The hype is REAL.My GF and I ate here on Sunday night, and after waiting for an hour, were finally seated.We ordered the tea leaf salad, platha and dip, samusas and the beef curry.The tea leaf salad came out looking like what the hell did I just order. Romaine, some nuts and a glob of green mush. How is this the most popular dish? Well, once our waiter tossed everything together and I took my first bite I realized. This salad transcends everything you knew a salad to be. Ok maybe not, but it was freaking good.On to the platha and dip, great fried flavor and the curry dip was excellent. Nothing super crazy but worth it.The samusas however weren't that great and for $8 for 3 of them, not a great deal either. Should have went with a 2nd entree instead of another appetizer.The beef curry was worth every penny, and by this point in the meal we were so full that we barely ate any. The beef was soft, braised for hours and hours probably, and the curry was full flavored without being spicy (something my girlfriend appreciated).I don't know if they take reservations here but I'd definitely recommend it if they do.Will be back.
I got the burmese style curry with lamb and the pear sorbet, and shared the tea leaf salad and burmese samusas (with chicken) with my friends. The tea leaf salad is very unique, and I highly recommend that you try it at least once. I probably wouldn't order it as my only dish, but I would definitely suggest sharing it and then ordering additional menu items. I also really liked the samusas, as well as the lamb curry. The pear sorbet was amazing and tasted like an actual pear.
Be prepared for a long wait (30 min) for a table. I arrived here 45 min before their closing time for lunch and there were 5 groups in front of me and the restaurant seemed to be packed. After waiting for 15 min, all of us were told that BS is not accepting any more reservations. So I got take out. Tea leaf salad was good and lamb samosas were delicious. But their shrimp kebat was nothing special. I have eaten better at Rangoon Ruby.
TL;DR: Do lunch, not dinner as wait times can be ludicrous, and order plates to share so you can sample more. Service was very quick and helpful. Space is limited, but they seem to turn tables quickly without being pushy.Our order:- Tea leaf salad- Samusa soup- Coconut Rice- Spicy and Crispy Chicken- Burmese-style Beef Curry___________________________Let's be honest; few places in San Francisco live up to the hype given to them by their adoring fan base, often leaving first time visitors with a disappointing taste in their mouths when the food didn't literally make them orgasm in their chair as they'd been led to believe. Call me jaded, but I won't go into any place with high expectations if others rave about it until I can verify their excitement for myself.And then there's Burma Superstar...My buddies had been talking about coming here for days, waxing poetic about the tea leaf salad, sweet and crunchy chicken, and curry beef every night. As usual, I listened to their excited ramblings with skepticism, concerned that their minds had blown this place into God-like proportions that simply didn't exist. When they told me that they'd once had to wait two and a half hours for a table, my skepticism became concern, as anyone who's ever been teased with something they want dangling right in front of their face for two plus hours knows all too well how disproportionate the reality is once your initial joy of being finally granted a taste of the seemingly-forbidden fruit has subsided. So, of course, as we rolled over the mild hills of the Richmond district towards Clement street, I quietly wondered what, exactly, Burma Superstar could really hold for us.We three arrived at 11:15am, and there was already a line 30 people deep awaiting their opening. Considering it was a holiday, it wasn't a big surprise that others had taken their day off to go and sample this highly-rated Burmese cuisine. We joined the others in line, and I let my mind wander since I'd never had Burmese food before. Slowly, a soft, savory scent floated faintly past us as we stood beside the door, teasing my nostrils with hints of curry and spice. I couldn't help but be mildly aroused, and so my excitement grew.We were seated shortly after the doors opened, and I left the order in the capable hands of my trusted friend. Not one for exaggeration, I took his endorsement of the restaurant seriously and bequeathed unto him the selection of our meal. He ordered, and I was assured again that our meal would be "bomb." As the food began to arrive, my skepticism returned as it looked similar to other Asian eats we'd shared in the past. Our waiter prepared the salad and ladled our soup for us, wished us enjoyment, and so we began to eat.Mother of God...I know not if there are words in the English language that could adequately describe the deliciousness that danced on my tongue. If there are, they have been long forgotten in a world so fraught with culinary mediocrity, but Burma Superstar had achieved something that my tired tastebuds hadn't expected to encounter for a very long time; every delicious morsel was followed by a soft utterances of "wow" and "oh my God" and gentle sighs of contentment from all of us seated at the table. My faith in food had been restored, and we devoured these delicacies with utmost pleasure. This feast before us was well within what others had told me, and I couldn't believe the joy my tongue felt through each savory bite. I fear for the next place I try Burmese, as the bar has been set at an Olympian level. Burma Superstar, you are a polished diamond among mere stones. Well done to you!
The wait can be exceptionally long for larger groups (think 6+), so be prepared. We waited over an hour and a half and it was quite annoying seeing smaller groups get in before us when they arrived after us...but they tried their best and that's what matters. As impatient as we were all getting it was WELL worth the wait. The Tea Leaf Salad is TO DIE for. I've never tasted something so amazing. The other salads were okay. I tried four other dishes and they were good. Every one that worked here was so kind even with all the pressure and stress from dealing with a busy restaurant. This place is a MUST try. I promise you won't regret it!
After a fun evening at the Half Moon Bay Beach we decided to take a 40 min ride into the city for this popular facility. My boyfriend's sister told us about the one in Alameda so we decided on the one in SF. Once you find parking, make sure you check in the with host/hostess and they'll tell you your wait time. They even call you once your table is ready. We kicked it at the Quickly's two shops down til they called (took about an hour fifteen). They also stop taking names down at 9:45pm! Once we got the call we were seated and handed menus. Or waiter was nice and was pretty informed on the beer. He took our orders and we got our food in about 5 minutes. I ordered the Chili Lamb ($16.50) pricey but well worth it. My dish was the hit among our group. It does say that they can't make it mild but honestly I wish it was hotter! My boyfriend got the Steak and the rest of the group got curry. The jasmine rice was also a plus. I'm not a fan of coconut but the birthday boy recommend the coconut rice as well. We also ordered a Mango Lassi and Thai Iced Tea. Wish the lassi had more yogurt but it did have a funny aftertaste. Thai tea was wonderful, it tasted like the real stuff, not the Quicklys sugary one (they don't serve boba with the Thai tea). And since it was our friends birthday, they brought him a scoop of coconut ice cream with a candle and sang happy birthday with us. Overall, the food was great, atmosphere was good, service was great, and we'll definitely go back to try the Tea Leaf Salad.
Burma Superstar is always on my list as an option for places to eat while in the bay area. This is definitely a bay area jewel and something that LA does not have. I LOVE me some Burmese food, at least from Burma Superstar. It reminds me of a cross between two types of food that I already enjoy: Thai and Indian.The first time I ate at Burma Superstar was at the Oakland location but I have also eaten at the San Francisco location as well. Everything I order there, I really enjoy so I feel like I have plenty of room for experimentation which I don't find at many restaurants. I LOVE the tea leaf salad and the platha with the chicken coconut curry sauce for starters: YUM! I'm already satisfied from these appetizers. The coconut rice is a nice compliment to any entree of your choosing. The braised pork belly with mustard greens, the mint chicken, spicy chicken with fresh basil, eggplant with garlic sauce and sesame beef are all great entrees to choose from. Ah Burma Superstar, I can't wait to endulge there again and again with a fresh coconut to wash it all down =)
I heard only great things about this place, my friend says this is his favorite restaurant in all of SF. I thought it was good, but i think there are better places out there especially for the price.That being said, this place is always packed and there's always a long wait. I'm not super familiar with Burmese cuisine but it seems to have a huge Thai influence, many things on the menu seemed to use coconut milk, I happen to love coconut milk in my food but only in small doses.What we ordered:---Tea Leaf Salad (4 star! It was very unique)---Spicy and Crispy Chicken (3 star - I thought the flavors were too strong but my friends love it). ---Nan Pia Dok -coconut chicken curry flat flour noodles (I've actually had better at another Burmese restaurant).---Burma SuperStar's special curry. 4 star. Braised beef (or lamb) until tender w/ potatoes and topped w/ cilantro. (It was good. My friend feels its better than japanese curry but i beg to differ).---Eggplant with Garlic Sauce. 4 star. It was good but I've had the same caliber for less price at chinese restaurants.---Coconut rice. Good but it tasted like the rice that come with the Thai sticky rice mango dessert. It was weird to eat it with your entree.Overall, the food is good. But, my personal opinion is that I hate paying a lot for Thai-like cuisine. i paid about $90 for 5 dishes, 1 rice and 2 sodas. I would definitely return because some dishes were good and the service was excellent. But I won't be running back.
I came here right before dinner & luckily there were seats opened. Thank god I came in a bit early because there started to be a long line of people waiting outside for seats. I had a tea leaf salad to start off with & it was very unique and interesting. How the waiter presented the salad was interesting as well.. He explained what was in the bowl and mixed all the ingredients right then and there. I also ordered Shan Noodles and the braised pork. I thought the braised pork was superrr good, juicy & tender. I ordered an extra side of rice as well... mMmmm soo good with rice! The Shan noodles were different and the flavoring was pretty light. In my opinion, the noodles were a bit bland, but I asked for some soy sauce & it was perfectoOooo. I recommend this place if you want to go on a date (: I love the interior, really nice ambience & feel to it.. if ya feel me?
Simply love every entre at Burma Superstar! Tea leaf salad and coconut rice(?)-that was interesting and tasty! Affordable, great service every time, and some of the tastiest Burmese food around.Tip: Prepare to wait after you've circled many many many times over for parking.
The food was good. I cannot compare it to other burmese restaurants though.Interior and seating is nice. Overall, I didn't understand what the hype is all about; and it was expensive.We went there for lunch. Their so-called "lunch-offer" was as expensive as at dinner hours.And they tipped themselves. Never brought me back the change when I paid.
This place is always packed, with a line out the door!I walked by around 5:20pm one day last week, peeked in, and saw some empty tables. Wanting to try this place by myself (my girlfriend is allergic to pork), I asked the waitress how long the wait was and was seated right away. As mentioned in other reviews, this is a small, densely packed restaurant.I enjoyed my meal, (Mango Pork, Coconut Rice, Lychee Soju Mojito and Chicken Samusas. The Food came quickly and was very hot. Service was fine.I just have to say that I thought it was a bit expensive for the quantity of food provided. I was still hungry after the Mango Pork and rice, and so added an order of Chicken Samusas for $9. Was disappointed that there were only three...
I've been here a few times and the flavors never cease to amaze me. I'm addicted to the platha and coconut rice (i love carbs), and the shrimp dishes (shrimp and garlic, and shrimp and curry). Just have those 3 things, and maybe a tea leaf salad depending on who you're with and you're set!Save room for the burma cooler and dessert.
I may now die. I've officially had the best meal of my life. Basil Chili Pork Belly and Burmese curry beef both with coconut rice. OMG!!!
Came here a couple of times after hearing so much about it and it was really good. Tried the tea leaf salad, the noodle salad, samosa soup/salad, garlic noodles and the okra-egg curry. Everything was very tasty. The flavor profile is definitely more Indian than Asian. I love it that the salads are mixes and served. Highlight for me would be the tea leaf salad and the samosa soup/salad.
We ordered:Tea salad - I think this was way overhyped and our expectations were too high after reading all the reviews. It was good/interesting but not mind-blowing. Sumasa soup - Yummy but a little too spicy for me. Chicken noodles (forgot the real name) - Highlight of the meal! Spice level was just right and the flat noodles were great. Mango lassi - I love mango lassi so I had to get one. A bit small, but good.
Everything was wonderful. This was my first stop during my week stay in the city and it started the trip on the right note. I came here for lunch with a girlfriend and there were plenty of seating; however, 15 minutes or so after we sat down, there was a wait outside already so make sure to come early.We went with the recommendations of our lady server and got all her favorite items: Lychee iced tea, platha dip, tea leaf salad, pork curry, chicken curry noodles, and coconut rice.My favorite had to be the platha dip and the pork curry with coconut rice.
I went before it opens at 11:30am just in case it has a long long line as it does every evening, but luckily there was no wait in the morning. A few groups were there waiting for it open but all got tables immediately. We ordered many things and I liked all of them, but their tea leaf salad and chicken & shrimp casserole was partially good. I like the healthy feeling of their food.
Great place. Very packed on the weekends. Their mango pork curry was delicious! And their specialty salad was great too.
Never had Burmese food so I was very excited to grab dinner at Burma Superstar with my friend. Luckily she lives across the street so we were able to call in our order and take it to-go! The lines here are unreal!Everyone highly recommended the Tea Leaf Salad - a salad of many components, but most uniquely topped with tart tea leaves. The best way I can describe the flavor of the salad is "earthy and nutty" with a occasional pungent punch from the fried garlic. There were so many different types of nuts topped on the salad - giving it great texture and flavor! No wonder it is such a popular dish!We also ordered the Tofu Okra - which was basically a spicy fried tofu dish with some fresh okra tossed in. Nothing out of ordinary - but I liked the spiciness of the dish! The okra was surprisingly NOT sticky and cooked JUST enough to still hold its shape!The Burmese Chicken Casserole was served with grilled shrimp all on top of cardamon cinnamon rice. Another delicious dish! The chicken was cooked with the bone in and was very moist and flavorful. The rice was laced with flavors of cinnamon, sweetness from the raisin, and nuttiness from the almonds. What a flavor bomb in your mouth!Definite must try if you're in SF! Burmese Chicken Casserole + Tea Leaf Salad! DONE!
I came here for dinner after two separate recommendations from friends. The service was excellent- I was warmly greeted and shown to my seat. The waiter gave recommendations and explained each dish we ordered once it arrived. The food was tasty but it didn't live up to my expectations.We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa Soup (both of which were featured on The Food Network), and a noodle dish with chicken that our waiter recommended. The Tea Leaf Salad was very good. I enjoyed all of the crunchy flavors. The Samusa soup took me a few spoonfuls to adjust to as my first impression was that it was quite salty. The soup was good, but I could have done without it. The chicken noodle dish was a let down. Now, i'm not as familiar with Burmese food as I am with others, but I like my noodles to have a bit of bite. These noodles were overcooked and too soft for my liking. The flavors within the dish were complex and I enjoyed that, but overall I didn't particularly enjoyed how overcooked the noodles seemed- and I usually love a good noodle dish.I would give this restaurant another try and order different things.
Worth the wait ! We waited about an hr on a Monday night. Visiting SF from Chicago, came here to try the tea leaf salad which was featured on food network. The salad is mixed right infront of you. The salad dressing is fermented tea leaf. It's a very unique taste. We all loved it. Also tried lamb curry and coconut rice. The service is very good. Planning to come back to try more dishes.
Tea Leaf Salad is to die for. Tried the veggie samosa appetizers this last time as well and those were also the bomb. I love this place. The only annoying thing is the wait and that, as an out of towner, the location is a $15 cab ride from Union Square. As for the wait, however, this last time, I atethere solo and they were able to seat me right away at the communal table. Also, everyone there is super friendly! It's a must stop meal whenever I'm in SF.
We came here before a Giants postseason game. The place was fairly busy and we had to wait about 20 mins before we got a table. The place is small and doesn't have that many tables but we were a group of 4 so it was easy to accomodate. I would not recommend this place for bigger groups. Customer service was nice because they gave us a menu while we were waiting for it outside. Also, there are a couple of crepes places nearby so, you can also check those out while you are waiting. Well when we sat down, we ordered the Nan Pia Dok (coconut chicken curry with flour noodles): This was delicious and very filling. The cream sauce was immaculate and everything was cooked right. Will definitely be ordering this again the next time I am here. Next, we ordered the Chicken Curry Dahl with bone in. This was also very good and the bone in was not at an annoying factor as there was plenty of meat left over to leave me satisfied with the meal. This was my first time having burmese food and I am definitely glad I went here for the first meal. Besides the wait and busy atmosphere we were able to get our food fast and customer service/food were the absolute best.
I've passed by Burma Superstar many times, and while I've heard the rave reviews, the long line at all times was always off-putting.One bright Sunday, on the edge of hangriness, I happened by before 5pm and noticed there were only two other couples waiting in line. Sticking it out I was seated expeditiously.The Nan Gyi Dok - coconut chicken noodle curry, was to die for, rich flavors that I just want to fill up a bathtub with and marinate in. The tea leaf salad was good but not "as addictive as crack", which many of my friends had asserted. Service was brisk and professional, but I had to knock off one star as the constant crowds reduce the ambiance to a production line, tourist trap experience. If you don't want to wait in line forever, try arriving late Sunday afternoons.
This is one of my favorite spots!!! The food and drinks are just so yummy!!I took my parents here for the first time and to try something new and the loved it. The service is good and it's a nice relaxing causal atmosphere that is great for a night out.
Oh boy. This place is great. Having a little hard time starting this review tho, b/c I have yet to find a decent Southeast Asian place in SF. Yes, this place is good. Really good. BUT it's exceptional b/c all the other places with similar ethnic foods are quite bad. Subsequently, it stands out more. This time, we deviated a little from the usual heavy hitters (so this isn't really a good representation). If you don't get to dine here often, recommend their signature dishes. 1. Garlic string beans: AI will order this over & over again. Solid, delicious staple to any meal. (*Ask for them crunchy if you like it not overly cooked)2. Mango Chicken: CBland3. Basil Chili Pork Belly: BGood flavor, too greasy. Don't mock me, I know it's supposed to be greasy. But this was too much. Even the waitress was a lil taken aback by the puddle it left behind.
I'll join the thousands of others who have eaten here and raved about the place. We were in SF for a visit and this is my son's favorite restaurant (which we visited with him last year), so we decided to go back. Though it was 2 in the afternoon, there was still a bit of a wait, though not a bad one. We lucked into a table right at the window, so that was fun, too.We started with Mango Lassi's and Coconut Juice...all excellent! We had the Tea Leaf Salad (With romaine lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, sesame seeds, fresh tomatoes, jalapenos, and dried shrimp (or vegetarian), and it was so amazing! What a wonderful combo of flavors! Just writing this, my mouth is watering!We shared Coconut Rice, Superstar Shrimp, Mango Beef, and Chicken with Fresh Basil. We (4 of us) were practically fighting over the food, trying to get more than the other. It was such an explosion of tastes...in combinations I had never considered before. This is a Must Go To Restaurant in SF. Just Go.
Servers were very nice and food was delish!! The tea leaf salad was our favorite. Definitely going back to this place.
Slightly disappointed. I think this place is just overhyped.We came at 5:25pm on a Sunday and already there was a 30-40 minute wait (the hostess quoted us). Luckily I found refuge at Genki Crepes (which is awesome, by the way). The hostess called in 30 minutes and I was pleasantly surprised. But it was false elation because we proceeded to wait for another 15 minutes.When we got inside, there were two 2-seat tables open. We asked if we can sit at the table along the wall instead of the one next to the pillar, and she did not look happy and said "well you have to wait." Well, the table was already cleaned and we only waited like 15 second more. Really, I could've done without the attitude, thank you very much. Otherwise, the wait staff were very nice and fast. Tea leaf salad - my friend really liked this. It was her first experience so I think that helped. I personally like Mandalay's better. I think that one has a better tea flavor.Samusa soup - huge disappointment! There were two kinds of samusas - one of them was very grainy and kind of ruined the soup. The flavor was very strong and monotonous. After one small bowl, I was bored.Coconut curry noodle - I forget the full name, but it's the 4th one down the noodle list. This was the best dish of the night and I really liked it. It was spicy and sweet and just very flavorful. It wasn't too heavy or too strong. A filling and satisfying dish!Pork pumpkin curry - I was pretty disappointed with this dish. The kabocha pieces were way too big and there were only 4-5 pieces of pork. And for a "curry", it didn't have too much sauce. I wanted more of it to smother my rice.I think Burma Superstar is something to be experienced if you've never had Burmese food before. But otherwise, I think there are other equally good Burmese places in the city that you don't have to wait so long for.
Love their food particularly their tea leaf salad. My partner and I though, were asked to not sit next to each other at the four person table where they seated us. It seems they will take our queer dollars so long as the queers aren't holding hands at dinner. The crappier part is they got their one of their dykey looking servers to tell us to sit across from each other. We think the manager/owner may be homophobic and won't be returning. Perhaps Burma in the East Bay is more queer friendly.
Burmese food was never on my ardor until the little Burma truck in soma streat's tea leaf salad. I was sold after that and passing by Burma Superstar with line ups all the time, I've been dying to try this place. I hate waiting more than 20 min for anything dose got there right before opening for lunch and was seated right away. The staff is super friendly, especially our waitress who was beaming and complimenting everyone's smiles.The food is a little on salty side, there was 7 of us n we ordered: samosa soup, rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, shrimp curry, mint chicken, pork pumpkin stew, lamb curry, partha wit curry sauce and coconut rice. For drinks we tried their special beer cooler with ginger lime, ginger lemonade and lung coconut. The bill came to $30 per person which is steep for lunch.My fav was lamb curry and tea leaf salad!Value 3/5Atmosphere 3/5 only one bathroomService4.5/5Quality 4/514.5/20
Great food but is it worth the wait?The gang's all in for some Burma Superstar and find out what the hype is all about. After a 45min wait and the threat that we might not get a table, they called late in the evening. We ordered outside and waited for a table to open. After another 15 minutes, we were in a seated, anxiously awaiting the verdict on:Burmese Samusas with lambTea Leaf SaladSesame BeefBurmese Style Curry with lambFiery BeefBasil Chili Pork BellyAll votes are in and protected by the law firm of "That's mine, this is yours". The winner is....EVERYTHING. Wow. I'm not kidding here folks. The food was amazing, with my highest marks going to the Pork Belly and Fiery Beef all washed down with a pitcher of Ginger Beer Cooler.I must say that the entire experience hinged on getting one of the last tables of the night. If we had been turned away, I doubt I would try to go back. Luckily for us, that was not the case, the experience was great and I will certainly return, only this time, a little earlier in the night.
Pretty much the same as Rangoon Ruby. I think Rangoon Ruby's Nan Gyi Dok and Shrimp dishes are better. The Fiery Chicken we got was delicious as was the Tea Leaf Salad.
I've heard great things about this place so we decided to pick up some to-go. Burma Superstar was anything but a superstar today.  We may have ordered the wrong items perhaps? The tea leaf salad was good but it was very simple, just plain lettuce with a bunch of seeds here and there. The sauce with the dried shrimp/fish sauce and and the green sauce makes all the difference. Not worth $10 for lettuce though. The lamb curry was gamey and inedible. I took one bite, gagged and threw out the whole thing.  The samusa soup was ok. Overall, i don't think i'll be back. I was utterly disappointed with the food here.
Burma Superstar, that is what you are, coming from afar, reaching for the stars...This place has plenty of reviews, over 5,000 at this point, but I felt as though I needed to also contribute a 5 star review because the food was truly spectacular! Pretty casual inside and kind of small, and we were told the wait is always at least 45 minutes to an hour for a table, so arrive early! We still had to put our name on a list and got a call when the table was ready. I had the samusa soup and the tofu vegetable kebat; both were VERY tasty. Will definitely come here again next time I'm in town...do not miss!
** 3.75 review, leaning more towards 3.5 rather than 4Quite honestly I never came here, regardless of all the hype, because the variety of dishes seemed a bit lack luster to me. I feel that I could order most of theses dishes at a restaurant that is less crowded and cheaper. I came in with my mom because we decided to change it up :)We didn't have to wait at all! The girl up front told us there was a table for two open " the last one " she emphasized :) We ordered the veggie samusa, veggie curry, veggie burma noodles (sorry forgot the name!!! the first noodle under noodle options :) )Samusa- delicious. Even mom agreed (she doesn't like anything heavy * sigh * ) The flavouring of the filling was amazing. Great, crisp, outer layer and not too oily! Sauce was delicious.Veggie curry- tasted good, but wasn't anything special. Liked the broccoli and the pumpkin.Veggie noodles- big portion, filling but not heavy..but not anything I would be dying to come back to re order.Service:Our server was very polite, upbeat and gave his opinion about dishes when I asked! Water was filled without being asked and although we came in around 6pm and the place was completely packed ( I will never understand why though... :P ) we didn't feel rushed at all! So thumbs up for all that :)But...I just don't understand all the hype about the food?? Dishes certainly were not bad AT ALL, but not mind blowing to me. I wish I knew so I could jump on the bandwagon...I love burmese food too!... I haven't had anything here from this meal and others that makes me drool over :/Not a destination dinner location for me...I would rather go to Slanted Door, prices are not that much different. 3 dishes = $40 dollars here at Burma Superstar, I would pay the extra few bucks for the ambiance, space and ingredients of Slanted Door.
Burma Superstar absolutely DOES live up to all the hype Though out of catfish, my delicious Burmese curry came with shrimp The tea leaf salad was unique, crunchy, and left me without a gripe After all the food, I left feeling as large as a Goodyear blimpNan pia dok noodles were a-okAs were the walnut shrimp, with their sweet glazingBut one taste of the braised pork belly and you know it's not child's playAnd the coconut rice, in a word -- Amazing. As for drinks, the lychee mojito was sweet and strongI knew it would be, for I told my friend she could not go wrongWe're glad we waited out the one and a half hoursSelf-serve tea by the door was a nice bonus But we walked to a bar and had whiskey sours When the phone call came, we ran without slownessWe were able to try all with the family-style dinnerA party of four, our bill of $91 was fairThanks to Sarah's recommendation, our food was a winnerNow, if only they opened a location in Copley Square...
Nothing we did not like (except for the wait). Calling ahead to put your name on the waiting list for a table is not an option, so have someone run to put your party's name down about an hour or so before you wish to dine. Also, the entire party has to be present in order for your party to be seated. Other than that, the food is AMAZING and worth the wait. TEA LEAF SALAD is a must try. Chili lamb was spicy with good flavor, the chicken coconut curry was subtle and the rice noodles were amazing. The garlic noodles were good but not my thing, liked the rice noodles better. THE BRAISED PORK WITH PICKLED MANGO is soooooo good! Comes with small pieces of potato. The coconut rice was very nice, perfectly cooked with a good texture and creaminess from the coconut milk. THE LYCHEE ICED TEA was soooo good and I love how the coconut juice is actually served in a coconut. All in all fast service and great food.
Yes, the line/wait can be crazy long BUT it is most def worth the wait. The Tea Leaf is a must! I also really liked the tofu lettuce wraps. The Burmese Fried Rice is one of my favs! My only complaint is that service can be a little iffy but the foods makes up for it!
This spot doesn't need a review of its greatness to thrive. However, I need to point out just how amazing the customer experience actually, really is.It is something sublime to see when a top-performing service company is firing on all cylinders.I get the impression many high-touch customers take it all for granted - while expecting it as a norm.They should reflect and acknowledge it when it is happening.It is magic.
They're not Burmese but the Asian American staff working there know their stuff, competely professional and represent the best of San Francisco. Really good dining experience, good food and I snuck in with 30 minutes before closing and didn't have to wait in a long line.I would have given it 5 stars but the prices are a bit high but if dropping $25 a plate is no biggie to you, then this might be your favorite place in no time.
Food was good. I liked the sticky fingers. The braised pork was good, but had a lot of fat. The tea leaf salad was OK, I didn't like the paste.
Came here on Wednesday night and waited about 15-20 for a table. Service was excellent & everyone was very nice and attentive. Food came out quickly and the large variety of dishes we ordered were all delicious! The mint chicken and the tea leaf salad were two of my personal favorites. By the time I left, there was a line of probably 20-30 people outside...guess they heard I eat here;)
Woohoo! As good as it gets!
I'd heard a lot about this place and it didn't thrill me when I ate here with the fam. I'd had Yunnan cuisine and its supposed to be similar... But one was mind blowingly good and this was just okay. We had the highly-recommended tea leaf salad (tea imported from Burma) and it was interesting, but a lot of romaine lettuce. The spicy lamb was pretty oily and salty... We needed a lot of fragrant coconut rice for this! The spicy chicken curry noodle was alright, probably wouldn't get it again. Portions are pretty small. This was annoying when we got the check -- without notification, they put in for a large salad which isn't even on the menu.Hot tea while you wait. And you probably will wait. Gets more crowded at 1 than noon for some reason.
Worth the wait! Make sure to try the Burmese samusas or samusa soup and the tea leaf salad to start. The salad is amazing. I also highly recommend the chili lamb entree. DELICIOUS!
I would have given 3 star for the food and I have been there a few times before and every time food has been average good. This time we went with out of town visitors total of 7 people 4 adults and 2 kids. The service was spotty at best and after an ordinary meal got the bill with 25% yes I repeat 25% gratuity added to the bill. It's outrageous and obviously will never return!
The short ribs are my absolute favorite!! Everything on the menu is delicious and the service is excellent. The only thing I would have to whine about is the wait... but well worth it.
I love me some good Southeast Asian food, and was disappointed at not being able to get a table here the last 2 times I tried, so getting takeout here was the best idea I'd had in a long time.The Rainbow salad is absolutely amazing. I am tempted to give Burma Superstar 5 stars on the strength of this one dish alone. The perfect blend of tangy, umami, crunchy, and it's flavoured with fish / seafood essence.The Classic Chicken Casserole smelled like the wafting fragrances of spicy brown rendang from home, served with briyani rice and raisins. But when I actually ate it to be honest I thought the chicken was slightly on the dry side, but still tasty and my partner absolutely loved it.The Lettuce cups were the disappointing dish unfortunately... tasted like a faux-Asian mushu stir-fry thing.Riblettes: 5 starsCatfish Curry: 3 starsPumpkin Curry Pork Stew: 4 starsChili Lamb: 4 starsPleasantly spicy but lamb slices were a tad tough With the coconut rice its 4 stars, otherwise 3Can't wait to try other dishes here! (I've got my eye on the Tea Leaf Salad, Mint Chicken, Oh Noh Kauswer, Braised Pork Belly and Samusas.)
Yummy! Great food and service. Go across the street to the Plough and Stars while you're waiting to be seated. All good!
I wanted to be blown away by this restaurant. I really did. Their rainbow salad is way too salty. I love the ingredients in rainbow salads, but theirs was probably the worst I've had. It was drowning in sauce so the vegetables tasted a little soggy.The coconut rice could also use a little more kick. Wasn't horrible, but not as flavorful as I was hoping. The poodi was just decent. I'd probably add more vegetables to it, but it was pretty good. Maybe even a little more spice?Service was great. They were very friendly and tried to make conversation. I'm glad we went in on a weekday, because I think my experience would have been worse if I waited really long for their food.
Wow. So good. Lives up to all the great reviews. The tea leaf salad is so unique and the texture makes it fun to eat. Catfish curry, basil chili pork belly, chicken curry noodle were great as well.
My two recommendations for this place are 1. Call in and put your name on the list early. 2. Go somewhere nearby to have a cocktail while you wait. It will be worth it.We ordered the Salt & pepper Chicken with cilantro lime sauce. The chicken was amazing!!! Moist, tender and juicy. The vegetable samosa with pepper sauce is also a nice choice for an appetizer. The sauce reminded me of Tabasco sauce but better! The samosa is similar to Indian curry wrapped like a burrito. The coconut rice was fragrant, moist and perfect with each dish. The only reason this place will not make 5 stars is because of the wait. Totally worth waiting for, but 1.5 hours is a tad long nevertheless. I will complain about the wait but still return.
This quaint little spot is no secret the line around the block tells no lie the foooood is bomb. Here is the line-upBurma superstarPlatha dipSamosaTea leave saladRainbow saladSamosa soupOx tailSea same chickenCoconut riceNoodle nai pia dokEnjoy
Good food and I would definitely go again but the wait is very long. Make sure to call ahead and have them put you on the wait list. When we got there, we only had to wait 15 minutes.
WINNER WINNER! what a score to try out a new ethnic food place for the first time and it be amazingly delicious! I was pretty skeptical about trying since, i mean, who even knows what burmese food consists of. Boy am i glad I gave it a shot.Although different tasting, everything will have you coming back for more. The Samusa's remind me of a mix between an enroll and an empenada and an eggroll. As weird as that sounds, trust me its good. The inside steamy hot and the outside crunchy and crispy.The braised oxtail was the main highlight of the whole visit, it comes out in a clay pot with potatoes and carrots. Everything was just so tender. The meat had a nice braising liquid of spices and sweet, with that salty bite. With coconut rice this is a dish i will forever crave.The Shan noodles were my least favorite. Definitely a good noodle, reminiscent of pad thai with Indian spice flavors. They do mix it with bitter squash giving the dish a bitter aftertaste, which I'm not a fan of. but for some, this could be delish!LOVE LOVE. def coming back.
Early dinner. Food is excellent. Atmosphere good. Small space/tight quarters but pleasant. Not a super quiet location but good for conversation. Prices are at the medium level. Service was on point. Don't recall the name but while your waiting for your main course get the bread and dip as an appetizer. Excellent!
A friend who took me here said that if anything, this restaurant was the reason she moved and stayed in San Francisco, and I would have to agree! Initially, I hadn't looked at Yelp reviews or the menu and assumed it'd be similar to any other Thai or Laos restaurant (okay tasting food, would keep my belly satisfied), however, I was sorely surprised!Dishes that we ordered:Appetizers: Tea leaf salad (a mixture of over 23 ingredients that surprisingly taste AWESOME together, so tasty with a touch of the right crunchy texture where you want it)Rainbow salad (tastes like a ramen salad, which was my personal favorite)Entrees: Burmese style lamb curry (amazing taste with tender lamb meat)Garlic Chili Shrimp (The toasted garlic on top of the shrimp was the perfect crunch and infused a great flavor into the shrimp)Fiery Tofu (Most similar to a tofu stir-fry with vegetables but 3x better than your average stir-fry)Sesame tofu (Tasted like sesame chicken and was very very good)Coconut rice (I love coconut rice, personally, so I would suggest getting this order over regular rice, but it depends on your preference)Dessert:Mint ice cream with some awesome fried stuff (I cannot remember the 2 dessert dishes we ordered but both were equally tasty)ALL dishes were amazing, and I'm not sure I could recommend one over another. My preference would be to order as many as possible to get a taste of everything! I would recommend family-style eating here, but it's up to you.
As I reflect on the trip I took to San Francisco, I can't help but to let my mouth water while thinking of the superb food that I had at Burma Superstar. I mean, when you see a line at the door, you know it's going to be good place to eat. The total wait time was about an hour maybe an hour and a half so it may be best to set reservations ahead of time. Parking was hard to find and the restaurant was quite small and claustrophobic because the tables are in close proximity of each other. Don't let that deter you from going there though. Inside was permeated with aromas and spices. The decor was quite simple with a few Burmese sculptures and paintings along the walls allowing the individual to absorb the Burmese culture while dining there.The first dish we had was the Burmese Garlic Chili Shrimp. These jumbo-sized shrimp were pretty garlicky. According to their menu, the shrimp is tossed in a "garlicky infused oil, and topped with toasted garlic." Talk about garlic to the extreme. I love it though. Anyway, this dish was my least favorite dish out of the three we had. It's not the fact that there was too much garlic or it was bland but when you compare this dish with the other two below, it just doesn't compare. In my opinion, the Burmese Garlic Chili Shrimp didn't have as much flavor. Still a great dish but if you are limited on how much you want to spend, then get the Burmese Mint Chicken or the Burmese Beef Curry instead.The Burmese Mint Chicken and the Burmese Beef Curry are a must!!! Chicken is my least favorite meat; I would consider beef, pork, or seafood any day, but this Burmese Mint Chicken blew me out of the water! The chicken is minced into a blend of jalapenos, cloves of garlic, red chili peppers, and of course, mint leaves. The mint is strong. It immediately hit me when I took a small bite of it but it wasn't over-empowering the dish at all. Just didn't expect the mint to be so flavorful. The small chopped up pieces of the chicken absorbed the surrounding ingredients making it spicy too. A combination I normally don't see in foods.Like the chicken, I really don't like curry either. We ordered this just for my boyfriend but of course, with an open-mind I took a bite of this curry and wow. Just wow. This was equally great as the Burmese Mint Chicken. The wet Burmese Beef Curry is braised in a combination of spices and herbs with a mild spicy, curry flavor. The meat was tender. The dish was topped off with bits of cilantro--my fav. We also ordered a side of their coconut rice, jasmine rice with coconut milk and fried onions, which went very well with all three dishes.I was just surprised by this experience at Burma Superstar. It convinced me that not all curry is evil (it doesn't sit well in my stomach) and that I have more options than fried chicken, chicken wings, and chicken nuggets. To me chicken has to be deep fried or covered in hot sauce in order for it to taste good. Baked/grilled chicken? Yeah right. Even though it's healthier, it's just not for me.  I give this place two thumbs up! It's authentic and original. I've never seen a Burmese restaurant so it is a rare find here in the United States. Lina Chen
Long wait but great food! A must while in SF, it's worth the wait. Tea leaf salad, sumosas, pumpkin shrimp and coconut rice. Have a beer+lemmon+ginger ;-)
great food, amazing and I love how the whole ambiance created a palate of amazing, burmese, goodness at the back of my throat. I'd honestly recommend this to any well healed hipster in SF lookin to get lucky on an over priced date. amazing tea leave enselada.....
Love:Coconut RiceDecent PortionsHelpful staff Hate:Waiting for hours just to get in and stuffed into an itty bitty cornerDriving around for 20 minutes only to find parking 3 blocks away
We went here at the recommendation of my brother and it did not disappoint. We arrive 15 minutes prior to opening so no real "wait line". Once in, we were able to explore the menu. We ordered 2 appetizers (platha & dip, salt and pepper calamari) 2 salads (rainbow and tea leaf), and 4 main dishes. Food came out fast and delicious. Drinks where a treat as well. I would defiantly come back.
The most memorable thing about this restaurant? THE LONG ASS WAIT. Asked for a table for 3 people on a Tuesday night. Wait time? 2.5 HOURS. I could've watched the Dark Knight for the 14th time in that time span! Sheesh...When you get in, it's super packed. We had family style dishes and everything was very tasty. Other reviewers have recommended the salads (their most popular product), but I couldn't bring myself to wait that long and order something without any meat. In retrospect, I regret it because I probably won't be putting myself through the arduous wait again any time soon.First time I've ever eaten Burmese food. Not sure how this is any different from other Asian cuisine, to be honest. If you told me this was a Cambodian joint, I would've said "Wow, that's cool. Never tried it. Wouldn't be able to discern a difference. If you told me this was a Burmese place, I would believe you!"
I LOVE their tea leaf salad....I LOVE IT. I went here with my boyfriend and we ordered, not joking, 5 dishes between the two of us. We heard so many great things about this place, how can we not order that much! Plus, the wait at the door was so long, we had to get what we could while we were seated :)The food was all delicious, but the tea leaf salad is the star dish. Next time I go here, I'll probably order 3 orders of it and call it a day. Also, service is so happy and friendly. We asked each server what their favorite dish was and ordered based on that. We left very happy ...but with no leftovers :(
The most charming server of the States works here. Loved her enthusiasm and spontanaity when she was helping us figuring out which of the many delicious sounding dishes to chose. The food was simply amazing. Loved the coconut rice, so subtile. Can't wait to go back and taste more of the many, many dishes.The only thing that I did not absolutely love was the lychee ice tea. It tasted rather blunt. Should have tried one of those delicious sounding cocktails instead!
Nan Pia Dok - Soooooo good. It looks plain but the flavor and texture blows you away.Samosa Soup - Meh, it's different but I wouldn't want this again.Tea Leaf Salad - Eh, it's salad. I didn't find it too special.
The Food is Good but, kinda expensive The Only thing I Don't like is the long wait so you would have to order to go cause the seating area is not big enough...
The food is not as good as ppl said on yelp I came here with my friends was because we view it on yelp but it actually just ok (yes their coconut rice is good but I'm pretty u can find the same thing from other place with better service) the SERVICE there IS AWFUL ,only check on u about twice and also it TOOKS ABOUT 45 MIN to get my food on my table (not including the time I'm waiting on the line) by the time few of my friends already finished their meal ,only left me and my another friends waiting for our oder also it's awkward that let ppl waiting for u that long SUCH A SHAME
secretofmysuccecil.com/2my all-time favourite place in the Bay Area. The other night I joined a close friend of mine and his wife, visiting from (of all places) Chicago. And then even more recently, another friend of mine visited me from Chicago. And of course both times, I took them to Burma Superstar. Originally introduced to the restaurant from a friend at the office when I took him and the rest of my team, treating them to a dinner there. I've been back as of this writing, over twenty times. And 43 times, I've ordered the chilli lamb, my favourite dish in all of the Bay Area, a combination of fiery hot and sweet and savory. It's beyond amazing. Writing about it is making my mouth water. The tea leaf salad is a must have, as well as the garlic shrimp and the beef curry. I'd never had Burmese food before, as I have come to find out it's a combination Indian, Chinese, Malaysian and Thai. It's just freakin good.I think I'll order some chilli lamb right now.
I've been wanting to come here for quite some time just because some of my coworkers and friends have raved about Burmese food and this infamous tea leaf salad.On a Friday night, I arrived at around 6:45pm and we made reservations at the door for 4. Our wait time was approximately 30 minutes -- not too bad for a Friday night considering this place is pretty popular! 40 minutes later, we were finally asked if our entire party was there and we were given an update that the other party was just paying their check. Another 10 minutes later, we were finally seated.We were given a nice window table. After browsing the menu, they took our drink orders and we put in an order for a tea leaf salad (we were starving by now). Anyways, here's the breakdown:Food: The tea leaf salad is pretty good. Not AMAZING like everyone else raves about, but solid and tasty. I ordered the Pumpkin Shrimp (I'm a sucker for pumpkin anything). It came in a light almost curry-like sauce with giant chunks of tender pumpkin and plump jumbo shrimp. This dish was good enough for me for two meals! We also ordered coconut rice which was light and fluffy, with a subtle coconut flavor. My other friends ordered the Oh Noh Kauswer, Garlic Chili Shrimp, Chili Lamb, and one of the vegetarian dishes.Service: Pretty attentive and they have a good system to filter customers in and out efficiently.Price: Not your cheap hole-in-the-wall place but not a super fancy place either. It's good food and good service, so the price matched.Would I return? Maybe. Nothing was OMG amazing like I expected and I have yet to try Yamo (another Burmese place).
Always a long wait, BUT it's one of my favorite places in the city. The flavor is out of this world and their Burmese cuisine is authentic yet modern. I always recommend this spot to friends and visitors to the city.Get the Tea Leaf and/or Rainbow Salad. I promise you've never tasted anything like it!
Teas leaf salad presented with style gets my thumps up. Next is Lamb Curry.Not so much great a fan of coconut rice but yes their mango lassi is great ( it's heavy after the lamb :-) Lunch and dinners get real busy and weekends the wait gets very long.
So much meeehhhhhhh.Everything we selected based on Yelp & 4sq reviews (pumpkin pork stew, fried catfish curry, and mango chicken) was either too salty or just okay. I think the only thing they do really well is the tea leaf salad, but that alone is not worth the insanely long wait. You should head to Mandalay for your Burmese food fix instead.
I called at 7:00pm and the hostess informed me that it would be a 1.5 hour wait - albeit long we decided to do the 1.5 hour wait. When I arrived at the restaurant to check in (only 15 minutes left of the 1.5 minute wait) she informed me that it would be another 45 minutes. At this point I was annoyed but still patient. She told us we would receive a text when our table is ready so my group decided to walk around the Richmond area. After 45 minutes still no text so we decided to walk back and ask. Hostess told us it would be another 30 minutes, however a communal table is opening up in 15 minutes if we are interested. At this point we would've been willing to eat on the floor so we said yes to the communal table. This was around the time that I got angry because when the time came to seat people at the table my group did not get selected: WHY PRETEND TO GIVE US THAT OPTION IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO REALLY GIVE IT TO US!!! After all the names were called out for the communal table and we were bypassed we again asked her how much longer and she 30 minutes. At this point we realized she had no idea what she was talking about and had no idea how time worked. We were finally seated after having waited close to 3 hours!! If the hostess had told me it would be a 3 hour wait when I first called I would've went else where. The food is ok, not great, and definitely not worth a 3 hour wait!!! As a person who worked in the food industry don't lie to the customers to keep them waiting for the tables just because you want their business.
YES ... The food was delicious.We had a few dishes, the tea leaf salad, braised pork belly with bok choy, Burmese style lamb curry, coconut rice, and the Nan Gyi Dok. All exceptional, except for the Nan Gyi Dok. Its supposed to be a chicken curry noodle dish but there had to be some kind of fish sauce or stock that was so pungent and overpowering that I couldn't eat it. Maybe it was just the batch I received. The braised pork belly and lamb curry were the best pork belly and lamb dishes I've ever had... in any style category... its not just the best Burmese pork belly and lamb...Its the best pork belly and lamb I've ever had, period. And that's saying a lot... I have my own personal private chef at home... sort of. I do have a bone to pick with these guys. When we first signed in, we were told we would have an estimated wait time of an hour and fifteen minutes. That's fine, we went to a nearby bar and had a drink. When we came back we were told it would be another 15 minutes. We finally got sat down 2 HOURS after signing in. But that's not what upset me. There was a group that was waiting for only 45 minutes. I know because someone in the group told me. They were sat down BEFORE us! They were not the only ones, another couple was sat down after waiting a little over an hour. I checked with one of the girls and I noticed that they assign tables... so if your table takes longer to leave because they are getting desert or taking their time to pay their check, you are going to have to wait until they decide to leave. After asking one of them if that's what they were doing, she confirmed that it was. Another girl standing next to her, was clearly upset at her revelation, sat us down within less than five minutes. They don't have a good system for handling their wait list and as one of SF's top restaurants THEY SHOULD. That's why I docked them one star, because they are otherwise pretty fabulous.
Put your name on the list in advance because the wait is SUPER long. My friends and I just chilled at the boba place a few stores down to kill time because it was way too cold to be waiting an hour outside. They did have hot tea served outside to those who were waiting though, which is really nice of them. I knew right away that I wanted to order the tea leaf salad to share because of all the reviews here, but we could not decide what entrees to get. After naming off a few items we were interested in, our waiter helped us decide and none of us were disappointed in our dishes. Tea Leaf Salad: seriously an explosion of flavors in your mouth. No other way I can put it. I just wanted to eat this forever and ever. The only dressing on it was lemon juice, but the all the ingredients melded so well together and just awakens all your taste buds. The perfect appetizer to share!Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup: I was in the mood to have something hot and broth-y so I went with this dish. The soup was much thicker than I expected and so I was a little sad about that but the flavor made up for it. I would say the coconut is very prominent in the flavoring, but it pairs very well with the chicken. The spices in this dish are so unique and unlike any Asian noodle dish I have ever had before. Catfish Chowder noodle soup: Also very very yummy. The broth was more soup-like compared to my coconut chicken noodle soup. The catfish was ground up and incorporated into the broth, rather than chunks or slices of fish. It was super flavorful. It was served with some fried lentil brittle of some sort, which I thought was cool. Coconut chicken rice noodle curry: Basically a thicker and "dry" version of my noodle soup. The flavor is more concentrated, so next time I might for for that instead. I left this place so happy and satisfied, THIS PLACE IS A MUST TRY!
So really, I would give 3.5 stars, mostly for the resto existing and offering a variety of dishes. We were a party of 7 and ordered the following for apps: tea salad, rainbow salad, platha and dip, and samusa soup. I made sure to get a good look and taste of everything and was glad to try this place out, but not moved enough to travel to eat here again, sorry. I know that our vegetarian friend LOVES this place, and I can see why, but the food was not well-seasoned enough for me. My curry chicken noodles remarkably was not very spicy in flavor or heat. The other guests said they liked their food when I asked them and there was a line out the door, so clearly it is a matter of opinon. I will return if that is what the group wanted but if I need my Burmese fix, I will need to wait until I visit my friends near Silver Spring, MD to enjoy some Mandalay.
My favorite place to eat. Love the rainbow salad, coconut rice, and coconut fritters are amazing. Definitely worth the wait.
We grabbed a late-ish dinner here with some of my high school buddies. The waitstaff was very nice and pleasant. We only had to wait about 15-20 minutes before being seated (though it was around 8:30 or so when we got there).We ordered the highly touted samusa soup, rainbow salad and tea leaf salad. All three was very delicious and well done though the rainbow salad turned out to be more of a noodle-based dish. (Beware low carbers!) Hubby also wanted to try the tofu appetizer. That we could have done without. It was a yellow-bean based tofu with a sweet sauce on top. Nothing remarkable.Thereafter, we went with the oxtail clay pot, pork belly stir fry, the veggie curry deluxe and garlic noodles. The pork belly was good but to be honest, everything else just tasted like okay Chinese food. The oxtail was a great texture but the sauce was definitely too sweet. We got a couple sides of the coconut rice and also felt like that was too sweet.I'm glad we tried this place but unlike a lot of other Yelpers, we probably won't be coming back anytime soon. My three dining companions agreed.Service was good though I don't think we really took them to task. They took our order, dropped off food and that was it.
Let's see, I went back there after almost 5 years and I don't think this place is special or worth the price.The tea leaf salad was pretty underwhelming. I honestly can't see the allure of a bland salad. I've had a lot of salad and an off-the-supermarket-shelf salad has pleased my palate more.The samusa soup was ok. Now that I've had a chance to have something similar elsewhere, I can say that this one isn't as good. The noodles we ordered weren't much better.Definitely not worth the wait, price or hype.
Everyone hyped up Burma Superstar, so I had extremely high expectations when I went there for lunch. Immediately, I noticed the crowd of people waiting to be seated. But thankfully we didn't have to wait more than 20 minutes to get a table inside. It wasn't until I had my meal that I learned why people are willing to wait so long. I had the signature Tea Lead Salad, which is comprised of multiple ingredients with different textures. The fermented tea leaves add such a distinct and unique flavor. Burma Superstar is insistent on providing authentic Burmese food so the tea leaves they use are all imported from Burma. Next, I tried the vegetable samosa soup. It was a mildly spicy and tangy soup with well-cooked samosas. Again, it was unlike anything I've ever had before. I then had a plate of noodles that I unfortunately don't remember the name of. It was one that my waitress recommended and it didn't disappoint. Though it had similar characteristics with other noodle plates, there was this spicy flavor that was completely unfamiliar. The staff there were incredibly pleasant. They explain everything that's in your food so that you learn more about its ingredients. I hope I get lucky next time with a short wait time. I highly recommend you check this place out while in San Francisco!
Looong wait during the lunch rush, even if you show up at 2p on a Thursday. But the staff (hostess) was really good, they're all very friendly and accommodating. They still sat us after they were going to close, and didn't rush us out.We tried the Golden monkey tea (small personal pot) and it was very nice but no detectable notes of chocolate for me. Just a full warm sweetness and pleasant fragrance. Tea salad - we tried for the hype. I think it's just that try it once thing because it has a very earthy flavor - but good texture that eventually gets to be too much. We couldn't finish it. It comes with jalapeo slices not spicy though - though like the rice salad it has great mix of textures.Rice salad - very nice variation - finely chopped lettuce and tomatoes and cucumbers, fried wonton pieces? - all add a freshness and great textures.Pork curry and potatoes very flavorful! A bit of heat from the ginger, but otherwise very potent and sweet. The meat is super tender - definitely a favorite dish.Great variety of foods, superb service despite the long wait.
I need to try this place again.I got the catfish chowder and it was very similar to a Vietnamese dish (AND IT HAD NO CATFISH, just fried peanut chips), so I wasn't impressed. It was okay, but I wasn't impressed.The platha was yummyyyyyy. Fried with soft layers inside.I should probably get the tea salad; then I'll rerate this place.Line got kind of long during lunch, people outside were looking longingly inside (I got a window seat)Service was superb, attentive, got lots of recommendations
This was probably the most boring food I've ever eaten, and without a doubt, the most overhyped. It wasn't awful, just very ordinary.The Tea Leaf Salad was mildly flavorful but the lettuce was limp. It seemed like hospital food. The Tofu and Okra was the one exception. It had lovely texture and consistency, though was also very, very mildly flavored.The noodles were flavorless and lacked any distinction. The Sour Greens Curry came with a warning. The waiter said they were practically alien. We ordered them anyway, and they tasted almost exactly like goulash and sauerkraut. Not exciting, and certainly nothing exotic. All in all, it was like Thai food prepared for an hysterical patient who was put on a bland food diet, in order to prevent them from becoming overly excited. And it was very expensive. There was a long wait to get a table, and when we left, there was still a massive line. The outside was crawling with impatient people squinting into the windows.I have only one explanation for this: Emperor's New Clothes.
I was really excited to bring my friend who was visiting out of town. Unfortunately, the waitstaff were overwhelmed with how busy the restaurant was, and it seemed like they were unable to take orders/bring orders in a timely manner.It took quite some time for the server to come to the table for the first time. Our drinks didn't come for over ten minutes. Then, when the food came out, the server only brought one of our dishes and forgot to bring my friend's food for over 15 minutes. We would have told the server about the issue sooner, but all of the servers were running around overwhelmed and inattentive.Regarding the food: it was just ok. I prefer the taste of the food at the Burma Superstar in Alameda.Overall, I was pretty disappointed in the speed and quality of service, the size of the restaurant, as well as the food.
Sold tasty options for a reasonable price. I've tried tons of items on their menu. A few of my favorite entrees are the following:1) Nan pia dock (Flat noodles with curry sauce) - very flavorful, mixture of sweet, sour (lime wedge), crunchy (peanuts, fried wonton crisps) 2) Braised pork belly - very tender, slightly sweet, heavenly, served with bok choy3) Tea tree salad - for those who are craving a healthy vegetable serving - this is a good dish to try. Very unique dressing with an asosortment of veggies and nuts4) Homestyle oxtail claypot - slightly sweet, with carrots, tender meats, potatoes#2 and #4 recommended to be eaten with Jasmine RiceEntrees range from $11 - $15 dollars each. Not bad. This restaurant is typically busy; if you don't want to wait, recommended to phone in an order to go as they can prepare the meal as quick as 15 minutes (for about 2 entrees)
I came here a couple months ago but forgot to write a review! The tea leaf salad and our appetizer was amazing. We also got a pumpkin soup? i think that's what it was & it was really good! I got a sweet and sour chicken over rice! I usually don't like it at non chinese places but this place exceeded my exceptions! Will def coming back!For anyone who come here, must try the jasmine coconut rice!!!
HOLY CRAP! 4800+ reviews on Yelp?! Well let me add to that!2 HOUR WAIT for a table on a SATURDAY NIGHT?!Yah, I waited 2+ hours for a table. Was it worth it? HELL YAH!My friends and I put our name down for a table of 6, gave our phone # so that they can call us when our table is ready. In the meantime, we walked over to a bar nearby and had some beers, played pool, hung out. We all weren't too hungry yet and didn't feel the need to rush for dinner. But we also anticipated the wait to be long- but damn, 2 hours, that is MADNESS! We also saw that there were over 4800 Yelp reviews and all of which were 4-5 stars so we knew that we wouldn't be disappointed.Let's see, I think we put our name down around 7 PM got a call around 915 PM walked over to the restaurant after closing out our bar tabs and didn't sit down at our table until around 945 PM - they had to wait for the people to leave and bus our table. When we got to the front door, there was a bigger line than ever before with people waiting to PUT their names on their list- the hostess had to turn people away because they were closing at 1030 PM. I'll tell you, the restaurant seating area is not that big. So turning tables would be a little time consuming since a lot of people like to go there in groups- you get to eat a variety of plates this way and sharing is fun! These are the items that we all ordered:- tea leaf salad- beef burmese style curry- mint chicken- burmese chicken and shrimp casserole- basil chili pork belly- burmese traditional rice salad- garlic and chili shrimpThe group decided to take a vote on the best dish there- we all agreed that the tea leaf was a favorite. Since that was unanimous and also being the only veggie like plate we had, we decided to vote on a favorite entree (tea leaf salad is a salad :P) . The winner was the beef curry! WOW! We had 2 non curry eaters (they hate curry) and they picked the beef curry as their favorite. They said it was a very subtle curry not like the Indian or Thai curry, they can't stand the packed spices in that. But Burmese Curry won them over! All of their dishes were excellent - such a big menu that you want to go back to what you're familiar with but also want to branch out! This just means that I'll be back to waiting for a table and enjoying delicious food- worth the wait guys! If you have time, it's worth the wait, or else just get it as take away :)
My cousin and I made our way to Inner Richmond on the MUNI to Burma Superstar after running the Nike Women's Half Marathon. We were exhausted and hungry. So we were hoping that the wait wasn't too long. Luckily it was about 15 minutes before a table opened up after 1pm. We sat down and ordered 2 Thai Iced Teas. One with soy milk for her and one with regular half & half for me. The waitress was really nice and she told us about the menu, specifically highlighting that both the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad were featured on the Food Network. Of the two, we decided on the rainbow salad that has 22 ingredients: crispy fried shallots, tomatoes, potatoes, 4 types of noodles, tofu, carrots, cucumbers, shrimp, cabbage, tamarind, fish sauce, crispy fried garlic, won ton strips, cilantro, crushed yellow beans, green papaya, roasted chilies, onion oil and some secret ingredient I lost track of. The salad is brought to you with piles of ingredients and tossed table-side for your viewing pleasure. It was really good. Crunchy, sweet, salty, spicy, sour flavors blended in a wonderful mixture and made me really happy. We also tried the chicken curry noodles which were fantastic too. They also mix that dish table-side. They even squeezed lemon into the dish which gave it a wonderful brightness. Burma SuperStar, you get 5 stars in my book. They take credit cards which is also a plus.
First time having Burmese food. Very interesting cuisine as it successfully melds Indian, Chinese, and Thai cuisines. Started w. the Lamb Samusas, Rainbow Salad, and Tea Leaf Salad.Samusas were legit and I actually preferred the Rainbow over the Tea Leaf despite the latter being the house favorite. I felt there was too much going on and texturally universal...crunch, crunch, crunch. For entrees, we had the pumpkin pork stew, Basil chili pork belly, Nan Gyi Dok, and pork w. garlic noodles. Both noodle dishes were better than the pork entrees mostly in terms of flavor. My personal opinion, food was 3.5 but the service was attentive, vibrant, young and knowledgeable hence the bump to 4 stars. I would def go back and try other items.
Very satisfied with Burma...same food without the hassle of Burma Superstar!
Outstanding food, brilliant service, worth the wait!We came here on New Year's Day for dinner. It was our first time at Burma Superstar (I've been hanging out to come here since I learnt about it too late in my last trip to SF 3 years ago!) and wow, was it good!Admittedly we did have to wait about 45 minutes for a table for two (we just missed out on being seated in the first round), but this was fine given we weren't in a hurry to eat and free jasmine tea and warm outdoor heaters were provided.Once inside and comfortable, we ordered the yellow tofu appetiser, the vegetarian rainbow salad, the vegetarian tea leaf salad, the poodi (potato) curry, and a serve of coconut rice. I also had a mango mojito.Everything was absolutely delicious. If we had to pick, our favourites were the rainbow salad and the yellow tofu (hope to come back for more before my holiday ends!). The cocktail was also delicious, and great value at $7.The service was terrific; we were attended to enough throughout our meal without it feeling overbearing. Water was refilled regularly which was very welcome. Staff were all happy to help with recommendations, and seemed knowledgeable about the food on their menu, which is always great.I can't wait to come back. I would definitely go out of my way to recommend Burma Superstar to any friends visiting the Bay Area.
Oh, me, Oh my Burma Superstar is fantastic. Everything on the menu is perfection. I like the noodles and the eggplant the best. I also like both their white and red sangria. For some reason sangria and Burmese pair very well.If you have never had Burmese before, it is kind of like a cross between what you would expect from a Thai restaurant married to an Indian restaurant and having a delicious culinary baby. Okay, that sounds weird, but you get the idea.Like many great places in the city, Burma Superstar is small and there is often a long line. I suggest calling ahead and not bringing a big party of people.
Items ordered:1) tea leaf salad: $11 {5/5}    It was a crunchy and refreshing salad, it can be split between 3 girls. The different tastes and textures that the variety of nuts create was delicious. I liked it cause it was a savory-ish salad 2) 1 coconut rice (2.50) and 2 reg rice (1.75 each) {3/5}  coconut rice wasn't as good as I expected, just had a hint of a coconut taste. I preferred eating the regular rice w the dishes3) cat fish in their Burmese Curry $13.50 {4/5}     It's not like your typical curry, which caught my tastebuds off guard. It's more of a tomato based sauce. It's not like an Indian or Japanese curry (I didn't taste any of those types of spices like cumin, mustard seed, and turmeric) so don't expect it to have those flavors or to be creamy. The dish was still flavorful. Beware of the bones!!4) spicy garlic shrimp $16.50 {3 1/2 out of 5}    Not worth 16.50. It doesn't come with a lot of shrimp and the sauce it comes isn't anything special. Shrimp had that freshly cooked grill type of flavor which was good. The garlic taste didn't stick out to me and it's not a spicy dish. 5) sangria $20 good for 4 girls. The taste clashed (instead of complementing) with the flavors of our meal.
This is asian fusion. Tea leaf salad wouldn't have lettuce in it. The tea leaf salad only had a scoop of fermented tea leaves in the middle, but the salad itself was still good even though it had no meat in it.I wasn't impressed with their lychee iced tea since it tasted more like iced tea and barely any lychee in it although there was about 5 canned lychees floating in my pitcher.Platha and curry dip was so crispy and the mild orange curry went well with it.Garlic noodles with duck was very garlicky! Soo good!! We got it with duck and it didn't disappoint. Had a good ratio of duck to noodles and garlic. Kinda wished the noodles were hand pulled or homemade though.Burmese curry with beef had lots of beef and some potatoes. Honestly, the sauce didn't strike me as being super awesome, but it was alright.There was only a 15 min to 20 min wait because we had come at 2pm on a Sunday, but usually this place has long lines. And the restaurant was packed.
Finally was out in the area so decided to give the SF location a try. There is one opening up in the Mission so I can't wait to give that location a try too when it opens.Tea Leaf Salad 4/5 I've had this at the Alameda location, but I felt like there were too many peanuts in this one? Peanuts = My nemesis. There is alot going on in this salad, but it works.Platha And Dip 4/5 This dish is on hit at both locations. The curry is perfectly flavored. My only complaint is that there isn't enough Platha for your dip :( Pork Curry With Potatoes 4/5 Since I have been traumatized by over sweetened diabetes curry at OSHA THAI (GARBAGE!!!!) I was hesitant to order this dish. I checked with our server, and she assured me there is no coconut milk in this dish. Don't get me wrong, I do like curry, if it's made correctly. I was pleasantly surprised when I took my first bite. This dish was hearty, a nice balance of meat and potatoes. It was not sweet, so for those of you who do not like sweet food, This is the dish for you. note: I like my sweets .. sweet, and my meals spicy with salt, no sugar please.Mint Chicken 0/5 This dish was TERRIBLE. ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. There was NO mint flavor what so ever . All I could taste were jalapenos which I LOVE, and heavy black pepper. This was probably one of the worst restaurant dishes I have ever eaten anywhere. This dish brings down my entire review of the restaurant to 3/5 stars. It was THAT BAD.Tips: DO NOT arrive hungry, You will need to get a number, and the wait is usually 30-40 minutes for dinner. They can call your cell phone when your table is ready. DO dress in layers because it is HOT inside. The spicy food might heat you up a couple degrees too.
Overpriced. Long waits. Plus, one of the waiters tricked us into going to his friend's bar down the street while we waited. He told us to tell the bartender that we sent him and that we'd get a discount. Well, we didn't get a discount, but I bet he got on the next time he went there. Thanks a lot, buddy!But back to the food. There are other Burmese restaurants in SF and Daly City that have better food and are less expensive. Why wait in line here?
Delicious food! We had the pumpkin and pork stew and the pork belly with peppers and white beans. Couldn't decide which was better! Definitely worth it! The restaurant also had a great atmosphere. I would definitely take a date here.
really enjoyed the tea salad, its is a very appetizing and refreshing dish. we also ordered the curry beef which is very delicious and tender. The coconut rice is also good, and very tasty by itself already. The name may make it sound like a desert but its actually not that sweet.
4 stars and 4000+ reviews........yeah, I gotta see what the hype was about! Came here with my GF a few weeks ago, and sure enough.....there was a long wait...we were contemplating to go somewhere else close by but I was determined to give this place a try, so we waited.We got seated about 15 mins before closing time, so the waiter actually took our order before we sat down...We had the chicken samusa as a starter, and the lamb curry and the chicken coconut curry with flour noodles as entrees...the flavors were great but i think the food might have been cooked before we sat because it came in less than 5 mins and it was not very hot.....All in all, I think we won't be back for a while because it didn't have that WOW factor that I was expecting......and for that reason, I can't justify the long wait just to get seated...
My best friend and I went on a mini vacay to san Francisco and had to stop by here to try the famous salad. There was a bit of a wait but we were find with that, since the place is near by lots of other stores and restaurants. When we were seated, the waitress was very kind and told us about the tea leaf salad that was featured on the food network. We ordered the salad, a pumpkin beef stew plate, an appetizer, and a noodle dish. Everything was so yummy! The flavors are so rich and amazing. I know ill be back here again one day! Price us just right and service is great.
Every single thing I have had here has been amazing. The salads, the meats, the FRAGRANT coconut rice, the lotus root chips.It is VERY noisy in here, but it doesn't matter, because the food is amazing.
Two hour wait? Fine- I'll wait all day for this place! That tea leaf salad doe. It was filled w/ so many goodies- garlic chips, peanuts, jalapenos (a spicy salad?? HELL YEAH!), dried shrimp, and tea leaves they PERSONALLY went got themselves from Burma. Talk about one hell of a business trip. All of that mixed together w/ who knows what dressing. So so so good. I will have dreams about this salad for a week. We also got the pork curry w/ potatoes, mango chicken w/ a chili sauce, and my favorite of the night and the real MVP- Nan Gyi Dok (coconut chicken noodle curry). Someone please try and make a better coconut chicken noodle curry. I dare you. The coconut flavor was definitely noticeable but it wasn't overpowering. The chicken was so not dry and moist it felt like it's just been swimming in that curry all day. There are plenty of bars nearby and the host(ess) calls you when you're table is ready. Get some beers, get drunk, and order one of everything on the menu.
Excellent place to have dinner in San Francisco. We ordered the samosas for our appetizer. They are some kind of potatoes with curry in them, it was pretty good. For our main dishes we had the Burmese curry lamb and it was delicious! Just the right sweetness, and some spice in it. We also had the spicy and crispy Chicken which was pretty average fried chicken to me with some spicy sauce. Overall service was fast, and attentive. I recommend making reservations ahead of time because it does get busy.
Get the Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup. The best Burmese food I've had.
Our first experience with Burmese food!! Delicious!! The Tea leaf salad still leaves my mouth watering when I think about it!
The waiting is always insane but we get hot tea while waiting :) and it was perfect since it was chilly out. The food and the service was good. The chili lamb just hit the spot. I enjoyed all the appetizers, the beef dish we ordered and the noodle coconut soup as well. But the lamb was the best. If you don't mind waiting this place has good food. Just a small place and had to wait to wash my hands too...
The restaurant is one of its kind and its hard to find any good burmese restaurants else where. I live close by and many times ordered the good chicken curry-dahl.
Finally made the trip out here on Tuesday, after having it hyped for a long time. Overall very satisfied, and were it more convenient to get to/from, I'd be there often. Was hoping for a shorter wait on a Tuesday around 7, after having heard the advice of getting there at 5pm (opening), but it wasn't too bad. Went with a group of 8, and on pulling up, it looked bad, but the wait was estimated at 45 minutes and ended up being slightly less even. So major yay for that.Food was great for sharing in a group, and service was excellent as well, with water on the table and people still coming by fairly consistently to fill water. One major mistake we made was ordering way too much. The waiter seemed to suggest it would be a reasonable amount, but we ended up with the equivalent of maybe 4-5 whole dishes left over (really bits and pieces of 7-8, plus lots of rice). Did leave us with lots of wonderful leftovers though. Was $280 with an extra tip on top of the gratuity, when we probably could have gotten away with more like $220 by ordering properly. Not cheap, at $25-30/head but we did eat a lot and it was pretty great, so no complaints.We got:- Tea Leaf Salad: staple of the restaurant, and probably my second favorite tea leaf salad. It's fun that they come and mix it in front of you too, so you get the before and after. Got one with shrimp and a couple without, and the shrimp one didn't seem drastically different to me, as just a small bit mixed in. The group loved this and demolished a pretty huge serving between 3 orders.- Platha and Dip: Coconut chicken curry dip was pretty great, and one of the favorites. Platha was less appreciated, but good. Reminded me of 'thousand layer bread', I think from Burmese Kitchen, but less doughy, soft, and fresh it seemed. - Samusa Soup: One of the very commonly recommended items, and while it was very unique, having samusa in soup form roughly, it didn't seem that great. A couple people quite enjoyed it but it was something of a miss overall and probably wouldn't get it again.- Pumpkin Pork Stew: Not much interest among the group in general, despite this coming highly recommended. I loved the pumpkin personally, but the pork didn't seem that great. - Braised Pork Belly with Pickled Mustard Greens: Nice veggies in this, but the pork belly was underwhelming, for something that's usually pretty damn awesome. - Chili Lamb: This was definitely one of the highlights of the meal for the meat eaters. Lots of love all around. A little spicy, very tender lamb, and great flavor. - Burmese Style Shrimp Curry: This was one of my personal favorites, up there with the tea leaf salad and chili lamb. The tomato-based curry, with very finely diced tomatos, and some as a paste, was fairly unique, and the shrimp were plentiful, big, and perfectly juicy/plump.- Nan Gyi Dok: Also fairly underwhelming, despite coming highly recommended. Somewhat unique I guess, the mixture of noodles, chicken, egg, and some veggies, but not that great.- Poodi (potato curry): appreciated by the vegetarians but not much love otherwise. I tried a little, and it was okay, but a bit homogenous as a dish for my taste. A lot of potato.- Tofu Vegetable Kebat: thin strips of tofu and nice sauce here made this pretty great, and appreciated by meat eaters and vegetarians alike. - Fiery Vegetables with Tofu: Great veggies in here, and while I liked it, the vegetarians didn't even seem that info it. Lightly spicy, but not hugely so.- Coconut Rice: more subtle than I was expecting, but a nice side to have around, and despite getting a pretty huge serving of it (4 orders I think), about 2/3 of it disappeared.- Sesame Chicken: One of us got a separate order of this for himself, and it was okay, but nothing interesting.Would definitely get the tea leaf salad, chili lamb, and shrimp curry again happily. Wouldn't skip on the tea leaf salad for sure, though for the other two I might try something else instead, as there was a fairly expansive menu and many options I'm curious about.
Still. So. Awesome.Came here when we had family in town a couple of weeks back. Busy Sunday lunch, but once again, the servers were attentive and calm. Ours in particular, was incredibly charming and had a great sense of humor. I wish I remembered her name, but she truly added to the whole experience for us.Everything we ordered was awesome: Platha and dip, salt and pepper calamari, steak kebat, Bun Tay Kauswer, and coconut rice.
2 monthiversary date took place here :) Came here after going through Land's End Trail.Cute environment with nice service. I like that the waiter told us to put our name and number down so we could have a little stroll and come back when he called us. No need to wait in the cold :) There's also a cute little bench outside with a complimentary hot tea station if you do plan to wait. Food - It's Burma Superstar so it has to be good! Coconut rice - I LOVE YOU. Please get this if you do eat here, just please.Mohinga - yummmm (after some disappointing mohinga at a place near here, this def hit the spot so yummy)Spicy lamb dish - def taste the lamb - unique combo of spices - and def felt the heat. (if you like spicy, get this dish. For those amateurs like me, thank goodness for delicious SF tap water)Even with the noise levels and small space, we were still able to hold a nice conversation without yelling over anyone. Oakland's Burma Superstar still has my heart though. This place is def very close behind. Overall 4.5 stars.Would recommend? YES!! ALWAYS GET THE MOHINGA + COCONUT RICE
I'm a sucker for restaurants featured on TV - good or bad - so when my friend mentioned this place to me, I knew I wanted to try it.We came around 2pm on a Saturday and luckily there was no wait because I heard it can get pretty packed here. Of course I ordered the Tea Leaf Salad that their know for and also the curry pork with coconut rice.Tea Leaf Salad: I'm not one for salads, but damn! I couldn't stop talking about this one for a while. This salad consisted of like 22 different ingredients or something and flavored with a tea leaf paste. The waiter mixed it all together for us and wow! I'm not a huge tea fan but I loved all the flavor and textures and everything about this salad! Hard to describe. Just gotta try it for yourself!The curry pork was really good too. We asked for a little spicy and it turned out to be pretty spicy. Water was definitely needed for this dish. The soft and fluffy coconut rice complemented it really well! Rice with a nice light hint of coconut flavor.Overall, I think it's obvious that I love this place. Just writing this review makes me want to go back for another tea leaf salad!
Did you know that this place was featured on the Food Network? I thought that was pretty cool! While their salads are what were featured, JQ and I both wanted something more hearty. So she got the Moh Hinga (Catfish Chowder): Fish chowder with rice noodles, ground catfish, onions, cilantro, lemon and topped with roasted chili. It also came with peanuts and a boiled egg. It looked really good and she loved it. I went with the Nan Pia Dok (Coconut Curry w/ Chicken): Flat flour noodles with a chicken coconut curry sauce, string beans, split yellow pea, onions, chili. Interestingly enough, when it first comes out it LOOKS like a salad! So when the waitress brought it out to me I told her she got my order wrong (she also told me the Burmese name and not the English one so I had no idea what it was). Turns out she was right, it was just that the noodles were hidden on the bottom underneath all the salad :P She mixed it for me and then I saw how beautiful it was. And delicious! I really liked my noodles.The service here was decent. The servers work really fast because there's always a wait outside to get in (it's not a very big venue). Luckily when we came we didn't have to wait very long... definitely less than 10 minutes. And it also didn't hurt that our server was pretty cute ;)
tea leaf salad!!!! OMG so delicious...
Amazing and delicious! I'm delighted so many have already found this place and hope many more will find it on their walks. If you come by car make sure you put down that name on the list before finding a spot for your vehicle. Saves you some time. I tried to replicated the Tea Leaf Salad (as so many do), couldn't get my hands on fermented tea leafs though. Not able to find that stuff in the Dam (Amster), even in specialized toko's they don't have that tasty fermentedness. Weird, cause usually we have all kind of greens in this town ;-). Trying to get in to making it myself but it's harder then it seems.I.O.W. Try that Salad! It will legally get you high!
Going to BS is like meeting a movie star-perhaps the perceived legacy is greater than the actual moment. Nonetheless, I loved it and am so happy I went. A couple of notes for you. I enjoyed the Tofu tower and the Calorie Bomb known as Oh Noh Kauswer (Burmese Chicken Soup). Why wouldn't anyone love a creamy flavorful slow cooked noodle infested stew? Check out the nutritional info I pulled on this decadent soup from Food.com, Next time I will lie underneath a soft serve ice cream machine for more rigid dietary standards.(Burmese Chicken Soup)Serving Size: 1 (1523 g)Servings Per Recipe: 4.Amount Per Serving% Daily Value Calories 1510.0 Calories from Fat 527-34%Total Fat 58.5 g-90%Saturated Fat 26.5 g-132% Cholesterol 320.9 mg-106%Sodium 1960.3 mg-81%Total Carbohydrate 184.3 g-61%Dietary Fiber 8.1 g-32%Sugars 66.7 g-266%Protein 61.3 g-122%
This place is amazing. I went for my birthday and the only disappointment was that my waiter was a Dodgers fan and was very persistent about not liking the Giants, but the food was so good I actually forgave him and his flaws. We started off with the Platha and Dip. The bread was like a thin style pita with lots of flavor and the dip was an excellent yellow coconut chicken curry. It was the perfect consistency and definitely the right way to delve into a meal. The portion wasn't too big either, which kept us plenty hungry for the following courses. Next we had the Tea Leaf Salad. We had many recommendations to order this and I'm glad we did. It was definitely one of the most interesting and exotic salads I've ever had. The combination of ingredients seems a bit ambitious, with romaine lettuce, a black bean/lentil paste, jalapeos, dried garlic, and dried shrimp all mixed at the table in front of your eyes. The flavors are spicy, sweet, and tangy, and it really is something unique. For our main coarse we split the Spicy and Crispy Chicken. This was recommended by our waiter (the evil Dodgers fan at least knew good chicken). This was more comparable to Chinese delicacy and was absolutely amazing. It was fried to perfection with a mouth watering glaze, and the chicken was still moist. It wasn't so spicy that it burned your taste buds away, but held a nice kick along with the perfect balance of sweetness. I'm getting hungry just writing this review. For dessert, my waiter brought me a scoop of house made coconut ice cream with a blue candle in it (jerk)! Even with the Dodger blue candle, I'd have to say this was the best coconut ice cream I've had recently, if not ever. I've never been to Burma so I can't comment on the authenticity, but if this "Americanized," it's still damn good. It was worth the wait, because there's always a wait, but there's plenty of bars in the area to stop for a pre-dinner drink.
Delicious!!!! I've never had Burmese food and we ended up going here on a whim because I was planning to go to Genki crepes (which I did and so good...I'll write a review on that).We ordered all the must have dishes and I also did notice a lot of the tables ordered the same things we did.We started off with the Tea Leaves Salad which I think my fianc said was made known on the food network (don't quote me on that). I'll admit I wasn't expecting too much but this was AMAZING. Every bite had sweet, tang, some kick, and a crunch. This is a must try!We did order some Vegetarian Samusas. These were good too and did remind me of the Indian samosas. We wanted to order some platha but they ran out :(For our entrees, we got the chili lamb and the pumpkin pork stew. I LOVED the chili lamb! It was so flavorful! It was so good with the coconut rice! Definitely order the coconut rice (we loved it so much that we ordered two servings)!!! The pumpkin and pork was also really good. The pork was very tender. My fianc loves kabocha squash so that's why we got it. But it happened to be the 2nd most order entree and I think the chili lamb is the first.We ordered so much food (and the fact we went to Genki right before), we didn't have any stomach room for dessert :( maybe next time! Though our friends say there's an even better Burmese restaurant (and cheaper) in Daly City!
Best food ever. Worth the wait. I had the tea leaf salad and shrimp kebab with coconut rice. The bartender was amazing managing the bar alone and mixing complex drinks. Kudos to him.
TEA LEAF SALAD. Great starter, esp if it is your first time [as waiter will ask you], then watch them prep it at your table.They will tell you all the ingredients that go into it. The nuts. the tea taste. Superb.Long wait.Expect 1 hour.
Believe the hype. Just a dizzying display of textures, colors in bright, savory cuisine that is Chinese, Southeast Asian, and Indian at all once.The tea leaf and rainbow salads: A must. Both include various diced vegetables, tofu, noodles, crunchy bits (fried garlic, peanuts) mixed table-side. The tea leaf incorporates marinated tea leaves to give it an earthy, unique flavor. Both have very interesting texture, with a light yet deep flavor. Coconut rice: Okay, I know this is a side dish but I think I could eat a plate of these as a meal individually. The coconut rice, likely cooked with coconut milk is very rich without being overly sweet. Really complements spicier dishes.Pumpkin pork stew: Curry based stew with tender Kabocha squash, pork. The dish brings out the natural sweetness of the squash, and the pork is equally tender.Chili lamb: Dried, spiced lamb stir-fried with onions, garlic. Very similar in style to Mongolian beef at Chinese restaurants.Deep Fried String Beans: Solid dish for the veggie peeps. Sweet beans fried in garlic.The location is what you would expect: moderate to small sized restaurant, average decor, superb food and service. Everyone is terrifyingly nice.
Passport stamp.Took 10min to get into actual Burma. Your patience will be rewarded with Bagan, Golden Rock, Inle Lake and Yangon. Such an amazing country.Took 90min to get into Burma Superstar. Your patience will be rewarded with:- Tea Leaf Salad with Burmese tea leaves, beans, veggies and dried shrimp. Claims to be a "party in your mouth." Prepare for a huge and satisfying party.- Catfish Noodle Soup with ground seafood, rice noodles and spices. Wasn't too impressed, heavy on the broth and noodles and not much else.- Chicken & Shrimp Casserole with biryani rice, peas, raisins and almonds. Simply outstanding and reminded me of a similar unforgettable dish on my travels. - Homemade Platha pan fried bread. Tried to stop eating it to no avail. Soft and chewy and irresistible.- Burma Cooler to wash everything down. Beer and ginger combo was light, refreshing and the perfect complement. Comes as a glass or pitcher. Get the latter.Wait was tolerable thanks to wine and appetizers at Internos (yelp.com/biz/internos-wi) and a phone call letting us know the table was ready, the friendly and quick staff and reasonable $40/person bill.Definitely a spot worth getting a San Francisco culinary passport stamp. Just don't forget to visit the five star real thing.
The experience was a bit of a trip (like a psychedelic trip) just due to the weirdness of it all. Arrived about 45 mins before the mid day close to prep for dinner service and arrived to the staff taking photos of prepared food for some future purpose. This took some of the space of the tables and force seating in certain spots, but it wasn't too much of a bother. Only every so often the snaps of camera taking multiple photos would cause the table to turn their heads. I had to say though, the food they were taking looked delicious.Service was friendly here. Immediately seated upon arrival and given several recommendations on what to get. They highly recommended the Tea Leaf Salad. This I thought was okay. The tea leaves added that subtle flavor along with the fried garlic along with good texture differences with the peanuts. Also they bring it out to you and mix it in front after explaining the dish which was nice. Do I think it was extra special, well maybe not, but the other dishes I really liked.The pumpkin pork curry was quite good and actually reminded me of a curry my mother makes at home. The curry broth was delicious, especially when mixed with the coconut rice. There was a bit much pumpkin to pork ratio if I'm going to be super harsh. The appetizer was also good which was the platha and dip. The coconut chicken curry was great with the paratha as the vessel. The paratha might be a bit thicker than what some are used to, but still nice a flaky. I'm not sure of all the hype, but I think it was overall a good experience and rather filling.
Pros:Great and flavorful food, friendly and welcoming staffDecent sized portionsConsImpossible to find a parking spot!!! need to park far and walk blocksToo crowded, tables are close togetherNot really a fine dining place but just sit, eat and get out. Long wait times
This is one of three locations in the Bay Area. I came during lunchtime, so this review will be based on the lunch special menu!FOODStarted with the Tea Leaf salad (also featured on the Food Network). This was a great appetizer. The salad mixes unique ingredients such as sunflower seeds and tea leaves imported from Burma. It's hard to describe the taste, so you have to try it yourself! Next, ordered the Chicken Dahl's curry sauce, made with yellow beans. Rich and flavorful. The chicken was still on the bone, but it was so tender that the meat came right off with my fork. The last dish was the Superstar Vegetarian Noodles, which had a hint of tomato and lemon in the sauce. It tasted like a Burmese version of pasta. Was OK.DRINKSGot the Jasmine Green tea - surprisingly fragrant and soothing.TIPTo avoid a long wait, try going during lunch. We got seated right away. During dinnertime, the wait can go up to 2 hours. They will call your cellphone when your table is ready and provide free hot tea while you wait in the cold outside!Would come back.
I was intrigued with the high number of ratings and review, so I dragged my friends to try Burma superstar. My review is based on my first time experience. Do put your name on list. Go with a friend or two. No more than that. A few of my family's signature dishes are Burmese influenced since I grew up in Thailand. The coconut curry noodle should be similar Thai khao soi noodle that was on Bon appetit magazine in 2013. The coconut is so thick and rich that the spice doesn't come through. It's almost like very thick creamy alfredo sauce sans cheese. It's a NO. Tea leaf salad offers several texture and light herbal flavor. Peanut alert. The dressing is so so. Lamb spicy stir fried is pretty good. Cumin note with some other spices. I would prefer to eat this with regular jasmine rice. Eggplant tofu curry is tomatoes based curry. Pretty enjoyable. Kids or non spice menu:Fried calamariCrispy spicy chicken is like Chinese style take out one. They also like the coconut rice. What I want to rave about is the waiter and the staff there. They are wonderful. The service is at 4 star restaurant level even though the crowd was packed and busy (mellow day for them). Bravo to the team.
I FREAKING LOVE BURMA SUPERSTAR!I've been to the Alameda and Oakland location, and this place matches up. The food is super tasty and the service is amazing. Expect a decent wait if you come for dinner and lunch, the place is popular and in the right location.I always get the roti/pratha with an amazing curry sauce on the side. Then I gotta get rainbow salad, although the tea leaf salad is just as popular. THENN I get the Burmese Style Curry with a side of coconut rice. I would also recommend the Nan Pia Dok! It's like a noodle with curry noodle sauce. It's not too wet, so think of it as like a carbonara consistency or an alfredo consistency. I wish I could eat here everyday...Lunch specials too!
I had never had Burmese food before coming here, and must say that I'm a convert. With influences from other Asian cuisines like Thai and Vietnamese, Burmese food has a lot of wonderful flavors going on. The tea leaf salad is a must-try, as it is one of the most unique things you'll ever eat. Vegetarians have plenty of options here - let them know you're vegetarian and they'll adjust various recipes for you. Go early (or go for lunch) to avoid the insane lines!
Absolutely mouth-tantalizing. So many flavors that combine and harmonize perfectly!!
Today was the day I finally tried Burma Superstar! I've never had Burmese food before, and with rave reviews on Yelp, this looked like a must. I've driven by multiple times, and there has ALWAYS been a line. Burma Superstar does not take reservations, so that explains why. We waited in line for only 10-15 minutes today because it was lunch time on 4th of July. I was happy that it wasn't closed for the holiday. Outside of the restaurant, there is a small bench, and they give you complimentary tea while you wait, but of course the tea was empty by the time I got there. You write your name on the paper with your party number and wait to be called. Finally, we were lead inside.The restaurant was packed and dark. It was pretty small, and the walls were not painted properly, that kind of annoyed me. We got the table by the window. We received our menus and thoroughly read them. I knew for a fact the famous Tea Leaf Salad was one thing I was ordering. We decided on the Tea Leaf Salad, Sesame Beef, Catfish Chowder, Lamb Curry, Basmati Rice, Coconut Rice, & Lychee Iced Tea. At Burma Superstar, I recommend you share everything you order. The Tea Leaf Salad came out first. What makes this salad special, is the fermented tea leaves straight from Burma. The waiter professionally mixed it for us (recommend this). We each put portions on our plates and took our first bites. The salad was honestly, hands down, the best salad I've ever tried in my life. The flavor was so unique, and the crunch of the nuts was amazing. 5 star salad, a MUST when eating here. Sesame Beef was absolutely fantastic. The beef was well cooked and had a wonderful tangy flavor. 4 stars for the beef. The Catfish Chowder was AMAZING. The egg and noodles in it gave it a special flavor. Broth was flavorful and not too salty. 5 stars for the soup. The Lamb Curry was chewy and nothing special. I think you should pass on this. 3 stars for the Lamb Curry. The Basmati and Coconut Rice were A+. Coconut rice goes well with every entree and is not to overwhelmingly coconutty. The Basmati Rice was great too. I also highly recommend the Lychee Iced Tea. It was fresh and not to sweet. It is to die for! The lychees are also very fresh and juicy.I will definitely be back to Burma Superstar. Next time order the Plathi with dip. Mmm.
I was just sitting here one day and then BAM I started craving this place. Not exactly sure which dish but i think a combination of their pork belly and signature noodle dish. but yea 4 stars for creeeping up on me with the craving
What a delightful eating experience. This was my 3rd time here and Burma Superstar turned out to be a food superstar yet again. I brought a newbie friend along, and let's just say we're likely headed back there within a couple of weeks. So many good things to love:The Samusa Soup - OMG. Delicious and filling.The Entrees - My friend got the pork pumpkin stew (an interesting sweet savory dish) and I got the tofu vegetable kebat (packs a lot of flavor). If you got the samusa soup, that mean you barely got through half of your delicious entree.The Tea Leaf Salad - I think Burmese Kitchen does their Tea Leaf salad better, but hey, I'm not saying the Tea Leaf is bad here, just not the best.The Service - They have their operations down here, so you get super quick, efficient and courteous service.This place totally lives up to all the hype. So many delicious reasons to go back!
Tea leaf salad. Enough said.
They do not take reservations and it is an extremely popular restaurant in San Francisco - This basically means the average wait on a busy night would be in excess of 1+ hour even if you are a party of 2. Have some alternative plan to kill the time during the long wait. The food is awesome definitely worth the wait. They have a ton of vegetarian options. The vegetarian samusa soup was exceptional. I felt the rainbow salad had too much noodles and lacked flavors. A bit more of the dressing would have made it a whole lot better. The tea leaf salad is definitely the better choice if you are looking more a more flavorful dish. The drinks were a bit of let down
Overall I'd recommend this place. My girlfriend's mom is Burmese, so I've been fortunate to get restaurant Burmese as well as home-cooked Burmese. Burmese is very flavorful, a mix of different cuisines. It's heavy on curry and spiciness, but also features salty items such as tea leaf salad.Kenneth our waiter was awesome. Smiled, warm personality, cracked jokes, came by often enough, and even asked how our days are going. Didn't seem fake at all.I don't remember now what I got, but it was good haha.I'd suggest ordering to go - always a hella long line to get in.
I thought this place was over rated, the food was ok but nothing amazing. Nothing blew me out of the water and I will not be back. We were popping our burmese foodie cherries so my review might be a bit biased, but with the high and plentiful reviews on yelp we wanted to give Burma Superstar a try. The tea salad was ok, nothing amazing. The beef and green beans had like 2 slices of beef a couple green beans and everything else was tofu. The chian noodles (however it's spelled) was extremely bland and tasteless.. so was the seaweed soup we ordered.Service was exceptional, the server was knowledgable patient and friendly. We were seated promptly when our party arrived. 2 Stars for service! =)
Everything here is amazing. Definitely try the Tea Leaf Salad and Samosas.
I came here for lunch while visiting SF. There was no wait so we were seated right away and the place was almost full. The place is nice and clean. The customer service was great.We just ordered the Tea Leaf Salad which is different but absolutely delicious. One of the most interesting and better salads that I've had. When we got our order of the salad, the server wouldn't let us mix it because there was a "correct" way of mixing it. So, he mixed the salad for us. I enjoyed it and would come here again just for that. The price was fairly reasonable as well.
TIP - Go during lunch hours to avoid the long wait at night. Also, if you can't get a table try going to their sister restaurant, B Star which is a block away. We decided to try this out during lunch and it was 100% worth it. The service was a bit off but maybe it was just because it was the lunch hour. Everything we ordered on the menu was great.
I went for lunch on a Sunday and had a friend do the ordering since he had read of their very well reviewed items and I had not. We had the soup which was fantastic, our server asked if we had been before and explained the ingredients while he served us. It was warm and delicious, I loved the crunchy element. The salad was very interesting, not something which I would have ordered usually but I am very glad that I tried it. The mixture of spicy and sweet ingredients made it very memorable. The coconut rice was warm and creamy, the sweetness was fantastic and I could have eaten the whole serving. The service was great despite a packed house and long wait list. They were appropriately attentive and very kind.
One and a half hour wait but it was totally worth it! Samusa soup was perfect. Even in a soaked state, you can get the distinct samosa taste. Tea leaf salad is a must order.
Had dinner here on Friday night around 6pm. We easily found parking one block away and only waited about ten minutes or so before we were seated... almost too good to be true!What we ordered:Tea Leaf Salad - a must try! Very tasty with a unique texture.Burmese Samusas (vegetarian) - the potato almost melted in my mouth!Mint Chicken - spicy, yet addicting to keep eating even though your mouth is burning.Eggplant and Curry Tofu - firm tofu, but the eggplant was delicious.Burmese Catfish Curry - a thicker curry, but the catfish was great.Cocunut Rice - sweet and creamy... almost tasted like a dessert. Very good.It was hectic and loud inside, but the staff was very friendly. Our server was great and our water glasses were always full. Will definitely be back to try more dishes!
Some dishes are great (and noted / featured). Don't stray too far from those, because I haven't had anything else that was quite as tasty.
Best place ever! Try the veggie lettuce wraps! I was amazed they were vegetarian and didn't have Chinese sausage in them. The Flavors were perfect. We tried some curries too. Everything tasted great!
I keep forgetting to review this place although I've been there a bunch of times. So, as I wait for my friend to get ready for dinner at Burma, I am dreaming of what food I'll have tonight.It's all a hit and the ambiance is great.If you live close by' you can even phone ahead and they'll call you when your table is ready. If you don't live nearby, head to BStar ( their bar/food joint a few blocks away) until they call you for your table.
Yum! Amazingly good food and even better staff! I felt like family. I came in with a sore tummy and our server did her best to help me select foods that would sit well. I left with a huge carton of steaming hot ginger tea. This is now a favorite place. I will return every time I m in San Francisco!
Burma Superstar is one of the restaurants on our Must Eat San Francisco list. This ethnic Burmese restaurant is famous amongst San Franciscans and has over 4306 votes of 4 stars and above on Yelp. Burma Superstar may not be a San Francisco tourist attraction but it is definitely one to add to the list. Get here early to avoid the line ups! We were lucky after coming back from Napa that we didn't have to wait long. Don't worry! They have heaters in the front should it get chilly.Since Burma shares borders with India, China, Laos and Thailand, it shares many of the same flavor profiles. Burmese cuisine is expected to be full of complexities, spices, and seasonings.Rainbow Salad: Featured on Food Network. This salad made with 22 different ingredients. Four types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, dried shrimp, (or vegetarian) and a tamarind dressing. This salad reminds me of a pad thai with some spices and crunchy nuts. It is a refreshing salad.Tea Leaf Salad: This salad was featured on Food Network and is one of their signature dishes. This romaine salad is Asian inspired and is highlighted with lahpet. Lahpet is the Burmese word for fermented tea. The fermented tea used in this salad comes from Burma. The tea has a bittersweet taste that lingers with a smooth finish. Corn, pine nuts, fried garlic chips, peanuts, fried yellow split peas/lentils and toasted sesame is added on top of sesame oil to enhance the nutty, earthy flavor of this Tea Leaf Salad. The salad is tossed in front of you while the server explains the ingredients.Pumpkin Pork Stew: This cozy tender pork stew slow cooked with kabocha squash and ginger. The pork cubes are slow cooked for many hours and literally melt in your mouth, fall of the bones soft. I love how the pumpkin soaks up all the sauce and juices from the pork.Chili Lamb: Not available mild. Do not let the all the red chili scare you. It really isn't that spicy! I'm sure they have removed the seeds and membranes. Stir fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onion and basil, comes medium spicy, or spicier! There is a sweet finish to the sauce and is a subtle basil flavor poking through. The lamb strips are tender and goes perfectly with their delicious coconut rice.Coconut Rice: So what's the fuzz with just some coconut rice? The Burma Superstar coconut rice seems to be have cooked in coconut milk. There is a strong coconut flavor with toasted coconut flakes.
Way overrated....definitely not worth the wait...Try Mandalay...less wait and the food is lot better!
Hands down one of my favorite spots in the City. Every time I visit SF I come to Burma Superstar! Tea Leaf salad is delicious, as is the rainbow salad. Tossing salad table side is a show. Love the coconut rice and Lychee mojitos. One of my absolute faves!
This is the best food that I think I've ever put in my mouth, chewed & swallowed.My dear friend Tia:yelp.com/biz_photos/burm and I had plans for lunch today and as we were walking the neighborhood she suggested we go here. The line is usually wrapped around the block and today it wasn't so we agreed to lunch here. I let her do all of the ordering because she loves it here. We settled into our comfy chairs ready to talk about fashion, classes & life goals when we were pleasantly interrupted by the tea leaf salad:yelp.com/biz_photos/burm(the server mixes this in front of you explaining it in detail. Sooooo scrumptious. Has lots of nuts so if your allergic, surpass this dish.Following the salad came the coconut rice & spicy, crispy chicken:yelp.com/biz_photos/burmyelp.com/biz_photos/burmThe rice was warm, full of flavor and to die for. Same with the white meat, sweet and spicy chicken. It was something to savor. So good. I washed down the best meal on earth with a sweet Thai Iced tea:yelp.com/biz_photos/burmThis was the ultimate 5 star experience. The food was amazing, the service was over the top( very friendly and happy people that work here). Lunch is the best time to come because you'll be seated promptly versus coming for dinner.
I've been here multiple times and it's phenomenal every single time. And well worth the wait.I've had the following:- the tea leaf salad- rainbow salad- sticky fingers- samusa soup (as a meat eater, this was surprisingly very good and filling)- burmese style curry (with beef)- nan gyi dokEverything very tasty and the wait staff is very friendly. Piece of advice... check the menu and know what you're going to order while you wait. It will make things a lot easier when you sit down. And while they don't take reservations, you can call in and put your name on the wait list ahead of time.
Word of advice: try to call in ahead of time if you are nearby to secure a spot on the waitlist. Around dinner time (6:00pm) the wait here becomes ridiculous!Wait: I cannot comment here, I got here, parked at the street meter parking and was seated in 5 minutes since I called in 20 minutes ahead.Food: I had the samausa soup. As someone who grew up eating this, its kind of weird to have it in soup and makes it soggy. I recommend getting them separately (no soup). I also ordered the Nan Gyi Dok. I normally like coconut, but the taste of this on noodles with the other items were a little off-putting. Too saucy, the noodles felt soggy and the texture was stranger. I was not a fan of the noodles at all. My girlfriend and I also shared the spicy and crispy chicken. This was the only dish that was on-point with my inflated expectations (4000+ reviews, food channel, and 4 stars?! of course I have high expectations). Along with a small side of white jasmine rice which came out PERFECTLY cooked, very soft and fluffy, the chicken was great. Price: Everything here is meant to be shared among a group of 2 people. I found the portions a bit small and the price a little high for what it is. Overall: Don't think I would be willing to come back given the line and hype. This place is okay, but not amazing. I can get comparable food elsewhere in S.F.
My first time eating Burmese food, so I wasn't sure what to expect. We went on Sunday around 2pm. A table for 2 was a 10 minute wait, so not too bad.The 2 of us ordered:* Tea Salad. Really good, easy to eat, but not too complicated to make. The whole time my husband was eating it, he kept saying he could make this at home. Um hello, how can you make it if you never knew it existed?* The spicy shrimp...was just ok. Not super flavorful. A lot of fillings and not enough shrimp.* Deep fried green beans. Good enough! Comfort food.* Lamb Curry. Lamb was a bit gamey.* Chili Garlic Pork Belly. Winner for the day! Super soft pork belly!* Coconut rice. Good compliment to the food.* Poodi bread. Not that good. It came out really hard.Total for 2 people with food to take home was $100. I wish we had a bigger group, so we could try more dishes, but then our wait would probably be forever since the restaurant was tiny inside.I really enjoyed Burmese though. It was very mild in comparison to similar foods such Indian or Thai. Easy to eat. Easy for everyone to enjoy.
Great food, really intimate atmosphere, but a little timely wait. If you can stand waiting for your spot in line, like most great spots in SF, then you'd enjoy the food here. A note to those with peanut and/or nut allergies please tell your server as this place is really heavy on nuts in their food. Overall it was a great experience and the food is a great one.
Such delicious food! This place is always busy for a reason. Even if you get there at the crack of 5pm there is always somewhat of a wait. The good news is that it goes pretty fast and it's worth it. The tea leaf salad is a must as are the samusas. I've had most noodle and curry dishes here as well as the shrimp and everything is great. The Oakland location is equally excellent. Well worth checking out unless you are in a rush!
This was a great experience. The food was fantastic. I personally thought the Tea Leaf Salad and the Samosa soup were some of the best dishes I have ever tried. The experience here is unpretentious and the service is pretty efficient. However, the wait can be a little unnerving. I usually cannot stand places that don't take reservations but they do enable you to put your name on the list and will call you.
The wait is long but oh so worth it. I have never had Burmese food before and had no idea what to expect. We waited for one hour and were finally seated, ordering the tea leaf salad, a chicken dish, coconut rice and noodles.Every dish was so delicious, there was no fail. The tea leaf salad had an explosion of flavors in my mouth, I almost wanted to order another salad. It is a must! The coconut rice was flavorful and so was the chicken curry dish and the rice noodles. I left feeling so content and satisfied. I had gone to a purported two star michelin restaurant the night before and Burmese super star outshone the night before for a fraction of the price.You won't regret checking this out!
First time ever trying Burmese food and holy cow it's delicious (:There are two locations on the same street, the other place is called B star bar and it's more or less the same place because they send people over there when it gets too crowded at this location. The wait for this place is long so call ahead to put your name down or come early! you can't really escape the hour long wait if you don't. They have hot tea while you wait (:The place itself is pretty small but it has a nice cozy/homey feel to it. I went here with a group of friends and we got seated after about an hour wait. The server was really friendly and helpful so that was a plus! We did however get crammed into a table meant for 3 but we had 4 people, so space was kind of tight. Service here is really great, i give them that.Food:1. Tea Leaf Salad: This is a must. I never seen a salad get so much hype but this one did live up to it. I thought the salad was great but it wasn't mind blowing! It was tasty, you could taste the tea leaves, it made the salad slightly bitter but that really balanced out the nuttiness of the whole salad so it was nice. The presentation of the salad was pretty! and the server actually explains all the components of the salad and then mixes it for you right in front of you! so that was cool.2. Samusa soup: This was also another popular dish on the menu so we decided to try it. It was a cold day and nothing sounded better than hot soup. The soup was very appetizing, it really opened up your palette! I really liked the samusa in there too! a samusa is somewhat like a samosa, it's kind of like a fried breaded dumpling. even though it was soggy in there, still tasted good! 3. Chili lamb: this dish was my favorite by far! It was delicious. The lamb was sliced thinly and was so tender and full of flavor. this and their coconut rice = SUPER DELICIOUSNESS.4. Coconut Rice: you could taste the coconut flavor in the rice and it made it 10x better. Soooo good!5. Nan Gyi Dok: It's a curry noddle dish. This was kind of disappointed a little bit. The curry sauce just drenched the noodle and it almost made it kind of soupy. Thetaste was alright. The curry taste was subtle so it wasn't overpowering. You could definitely taste the coconut milk, because the noodles were rich but you can't really taste anything else so it was overall kind of bland. The noodles were soft and chewy and the chicken was tender. overall i don't think i would get this dish again.This place is a little pricey but their food is delicious! I would love to come back and try their other dishes :)
The GF and I came here on a Sunday afternoon. Parking for meters are now free once again on Sundays, and we found parking right in the front! There were quite a bit of people crowded outside the restaurant, all of them in parties of four or more. Luckily, we were the only party of two, and were seated within ten minutes. We decided on lychee iced tea, platha and dip, tea leaf salad, and the Nan Gyi Dok. The food took quite a while to come out. In fact, another table that was seated after us, received their food before us. I did not like the lychee iced tea. I was expecting something completely different. What we received, was a pitcher of iced tea and four lychees from the cans with the fruit and syrup. It lacked flavor and made me even more thirsty. When the platha and dip came out, I practically drooled because I was so hungry. Shortly after, the salad came out as well. If you have never had platha before, it resembles a green onion pancake, and tastes just as similar. However, the dough is more layered, and tastes a tad bit different.  With the curry dip, it tasted quite magical! I would highly recommend getting this appetizer. I only took a bite of the tea leaf salad, but the tea definitely added a unique flavor to salad. The GF loved it, and she could see why it is recommended for people who do not know what to order from this dining establishment. They even present you with the dish, and mix the salad for you. Everyone loves a show. The Nan Gyi Dok also comes with a small show as well. They mix the noodles in the mild coconut curry sauce, along with the fried wonton skin, chicken, egg, and onions. I enjoyed this dish a lot because every bite truly is a party in your mouth. Every ingredient compliments each other in such a great way. The wonton skin adds a slight crunchy texture, while the noodles are soft and silky. It really is a must try. I would definitely come here again, and can see why the hype is real.
I came here back in high school and finally revisited the place over the weekend. My mom always sees a huge line out the door whenever driving in the area and has been wanting to try it, so I finally took her. We ordered:Sticky fingers: It was a pork riblette appetizer. It was in a soy glazed sauce. It was good, but hard to eat with all the bones. The sauce was a little sweet for my taste though.Rainbow salad: 22 different ingredients! I really loved the salad. All the different flavors went so well together. The fried onions and garlic added a nice crunch and taste, while the noodles added a smooth texture to each bite. Would highly recommend this salad to everyone! Chili lamb: Spicy spicy spicy. This plate has so many red chilis in it! I was a little hesitant to try the lamb dish because sometimes lamb can be really gamey. But this dish did not have any of the gamey flavor. Loved the flavor of the sauce they cooked the lamb with. The lamb was pretty salty, but it helped that there was rice. (We got the coconut rice by recommendation of our waiter.)
Food was really good. A solid 4 star but i have had 5 star Burmese and you can tell the difference.
Adding this to the pile of raves. You'll dream about the salad and curries and soju drinks. But the best part is the great, warm reception from everyone there and a surprisingly social atmosphere. It's just total joy over there.
The salad is so good that I still crave it, a month after eating there.Great place to eat with a small group of friends as all the plates can be shared easily.Very affordable and the service is very friendly. Can't wait to go back.
The Sour Leaf is delicious over coconut rice. It's satisfying and doesn't tire you out like heavy meats. I feel like I can eat it forever!
Friend told me about this place so I decided to come. People say the wait is pretty long, but for 2 people on a friday night at 7:30 we got our table in 5 minutes. So small party for this isnt bad.Food is really good. Something about Burmese food reminds me of a Thai/Chinese fusion type. The curry tasted like an asian curry, but with the lime, it help refresh the mouth. All in all good food for sure
I visit this place every time I'm in SF. I looooove the Tea Leaf Salad, but you really can't go wrong ordering anything else! The food is delicious and totally worth the wait!
Just had my to go order cancelled because they are "no longer taking to go orders for the next 30 minutes." What?! Who cancels orders? Are you open? Yes. Then take my freaking order!!! Ridiculous. I would like to spend $60 at your restaurant please...no? Uh...ok.
wow, exotic tastes, fun vibe and reasonably priced.
TEALEAFSALAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's basically the best thing I have ever eaten.
'Nuff Said.Worth the wait. Don't just wait outside, walk around the corner, grab a beer or two while you wait and BOOM, you are in.
I just love this place. It's crowded and there is no private conversation, but you go for the food, and it's spot on Burmese.Tea Leaf salad is the best anywhere. A MUST HAVE  Samosa soup. DELICIOUS seasoned perfectlyChili Lamb SO GOOD goldylocks would love it...just rightPumpkin Curry - love their curries, veggie style or with meatLemonade is perfection tooDon't go when you know you're going to have to wait in line.....get there when it opens, or go off hours. The food is always going to make you happy.
I spent a while in South East Asia. Nothing in the states come closer to Burmese food than Burma superstar. The food is fresh and absolutely amazing! Definitely get the Tea leaf salad. The owners travel to Burma and bring the tea leaves back with them. There is usually a long wait. It's write across the street from a laundromat so I usually bring my laundry with me and do it while I wait for a table. Getting your food to-go is just as awesome!
Fantastic all the way around. Spicy tofu was great (and I am a carnivore). I don't remember what else I got because it was a while ago, but I remember loving everything.
Burma has a huge array of wonderful dishes as well as a great full bar. I have been converted to be a full-blown Burma Superstar addict; I regularly crave the coconut sticky rice. Don't miss the tea leaf salad or the braised pork belly!
Visited sf and heard great things about this place. We weren't going to wait 2 hrs for a table so we called in ahead and got a large Tea Leaf salad ($19) Togo. Took ten minutes.It's amazingly good. Nothing I've ever tasted before. The tea leaves come marinated in some kind of oil and u pour it over the salad and mix it all together with the lettuce nuts and seeds and squeeze over the juice of the lemon wedges. It was delicious. If I'm ever on death row...tea leaf salad....my last meal on earth.
Found this place on Yelp as it is one of the most reviewed places in the San Francisco area. Decided to try it out after a day of hiking at Lands End and walking around Legion of Honor museum. We got off of the bus and were walking to try to find this place and saw that a crowd of people were huddled around outside of, what turned out to be, Burma Superstar. Although we got seated immediately because we were a party of 2, those that were outside had a heater and there was seating and drinks available to them to make the wait a little more comfortable. There's really not a lot of real estate so most of the great restaurants don't have large seating areas for those waiting to be seated. Most of the time you end up waiting outside, so their thoughts for those waiting was unique to other places that we tried while in the SF area. Once inside, we were given some basics about what Burmese food was and provided recommendations by our server. I was impressed by the fact that while we dined, they took my phone and put it on a charger as requested since it had died from the earlier sightseeing that we did. It's the little things like this that make places stand out to me. I ordered a couple of different beers off of their menu that I hadn't had before and to eat I got the Curry Lamb as well as two different types of rice (coconut and I can't remember the other, but it was good) and the other plate that we had was Spicy chicken with broccoli. Everything was delicious and the time for the food to come out wasn't bad at all. I almost wish that I had room to try a desert, but that's rarely the case. Try it out, the service and food are both good and it's no wonder why they are one of the top ranked and reviewed places in the city.
It's definitely an awesome place for a date or even with friends and family. However, if you come with a large group, be prepared to wait. In terms of service - the receptionist wasn't the best. He was rather slow and ineffective at communicating the wait time. He didn't cancel customers from the sign-in sheet who were already seated, and did not remove customers from the list who he called repeatedly but obviously have already left. This really made the wait super long. My bf and I waited for over an hour with frustration over this service and wanted to eat at the other korean places around instead. In terms of food - it was definitely worth it. Not sure if the wait and poor service justifies the awesome food...that's up to you to decide. We got the rainbow salad which was amazing. The waiter came and described the ten million ingredients that went in (ok, im exaggerating, maybe 10, i forgot). It was really good, fresh, crunchy as well. It was worth the price (even though it was just a salad).We also got the seafood eggplant which was great as well. But the star of the night was the rice. It was sweet, kind of like thai sticky rice but more of a main dish rather than a dessert. However, it would be a better idea if you shared with a friend because it may get too sweet for you for a rice dish. I would come here again - but the next time I do, I will call to make a reservation and put my name on the sign-in sheet. They will call you when it's your turn.
It was a chilly evening and my friends and I were in the mood for something warm, interesting, and borderline exotic. In a city like SF where a multitude of cuisines are available at one's disposal, I'm not entirely sure how we arrived at shooting for Burma Superstar. Prior to this, I hadn't seen a business on Yelp with as many reviews (over 2,700 at the time) and the intrigue was just too great. Popularity has its disadvantages however, as the wait was nearly 2 hours.The next and most obvious question is: was it worth the wait? I'm still not so sure. The food was definitely tasty, hearty enough for groups to enjoy, and had enough variety to appeal to most palates. Burmese cuisine enthusiasts might balk at how Americanized the menu seems but it makes it easy enough for all to enjoy. And for those seeking some traditional dishes, just look for asterisk (*) near each dish to denote an actual Burmese dish.I wasn't able to find some of the traditional stuff I typically get in Queens NYC (Where you at Onno Khao Swe?), so we went with the waiter's recommendations. We started off with a vegetable samusa soup, which was unexpectedly light, though a tad salty. The nan pia dok was solid yet smooth curry noodle dish, which had some heat to it. I personally enjoyed the beef curry over coconut rice, which came with a tasty fried onion on top. The beef was perfectly cooked and the curry flavor was prominent with every bite. A special pork belly with bok choy and string beans might've been the most lavish of the evening, but was forgettably bland and overpriced. The chili lamb came with the most recommendations from the staff, a spicy stir fried lamb in spices, onion, and basil. It was indeed quite good.I think if I had a head start on the nightly crowd, I'd consider coming back for some more Burma Superstar action. The menu is too big not to try something new. And of course, I have never been to a Burmese joint where most of the staff spoke Cantonese. There's clearly a first time for everything.
The word flavorful was created in order for us to be able to describe the food at Burma Superstar. I was first told about this restaurant from a close friend who lives in SF. She would mention the tea leaf salad that sounded well gross, but after looking through yelp I thought I should probably listen to her. I decided to call ahead to the restaurant during the drive up to SF from LA and put my name on the list while we were somewhere around Gilroy. An hour and a half later we arrived at the restaurant and were seated within 10 minutes. That was extremely convenient. Now on to the food. The tea lead salad was unique, interesting and crunchy. I'm glad I tried it. But oh my god, the rainbow noodle salad was to die for. I absolutely loved it. It was again unique and just incredibly flavorful. Order the RAINBOW NOODLE SALAD. You will NOT be disappointed. SO FREAKING GOOD. We also ordered some chicken curry coconut noodle dish and a side of coconut rice after the salads. Not being a fan of coconut I didn't love the noodles as much but the rice actually was mildly flavored and tasty. For dessert we ordered fried coconut pudding with coconut ice cream...apparently I'm attempting to embrace my inner love for coconut. It was pretty decent even though I kept wishing I had ordered more rainbow noodle salad for dessert instead!This was the perfect meal to start off my trip to SF. I will definitely visit every time I go back!!
It is true, all that legends say about this place. It is truly delicious!!!!! And the service here is excellent.We had the rainbow salad (a delightful alternative to the tea leaf salad), the Nan Pia Dok (coconut curry dinner), and Burmese chicken casserole. It was very delicious. Their sangria is also very nice.We went at 5:30 pm on a weekend and waited about 30 minutes (but we just walked around the neighborhood and they took our cell phone number). One of my friends reports that if you go there at 5pm on a non-friday weekday you don't have to wait.
Several of my friends have been here before but it's always been too packed for me to get in. Got a table today and was more than satisfied! The Fiery Lamb was yummy and its marinade was delicious! The Pork Curry w/pickled mango was not spectacular but the meat was cooked wonderfully. And as always, samosas were a great start to the meal!
Never had Burmese food before....and here you can cut pork with a chopstick! Delicious flavors all around and excellent service! Will definitely be back.
My wife and did not enjoy the food. This was highly recommended by friends and yelp but we didn't like it at all. The food was relatively bland.
Mmmm. The tea leaf salad is bombdotcom! I love everything about it. The ingredients, texture, presentation and the overall taste...anything that tastes that good and is healthy is perfection in my book (whatever that is). Today was my first time trying Burmese food in general - did you know Burma is an Asian country? #mindblown (I am such a bad Asian...)I honestly didn't know anything about I've always wanted to try it. So glad I did! I jumped at the opportunity because my boyfriend and I walked by and there were only two parties ahead of us. That's a rare occurrence for Burma Superstar because all the other times I wanted to try this place, the wait was wayyy too long. In addition to the tea leaf salad, we got the nan pia dok and samusa soup - both of which were highly recommended by our servers. I would say both were decent, but I wouldn't have them again. The samusa soup tastes somewhat like Vietnamese canh chua without the fishy flavor. And the nan pia dok was a little too creamy for my liking. I'll definitely be back for the salad and to try some other dishes. When I was almost done with my meal, I saw many people ordering lychee mimosas and lychee sangria. Wish I had room in my tummy for those, but at least I have another reason to come back. ;)The servers in here gave great customer service - something that keeps me coming back for sure!
looooove
Background: I need to clear something because I get asked this question ALL the time.Since I'm Burmese, people always ask if I like Burma Superstar. I personally DON'T. But I'm probably biased due to growing up with ALOT of great Burmese food. It doesn't mean, it's not a great place to eat. I have tried it twice and if you're asking if it's authentic flavors?  It's not but it is a GREAT introduction to Burmese foods.  I personally hope to see MORE authentic burmese restaurant because, sometimes I'd like to go out and eat a good Burmese food.Pro:- Great atmosphere/design- Good customer serviceCon:- The wait.- The foods all looked good but the flavors weren't there for me. - My waiter didn't speak Burmese, haha!Service: 4.5 stars Food: 2 stars (I'm biased, sorry)Location: 3.5 stars (lots of metered and 2 hour street parking.. IF you find any)Solely based on authenticity of the food /my biased preference: 2.5 stars (I think it caters to a different crowd and it does it well. If you want authentic flavors.. look elsewhere)
Where to begin. I've never had Burmese food before, and I was extremely impressed.Our first course was the fermented green tea salad, which was unlike anything i've ever had before. Next - Samusas and some Mojitos. They waiter was flexible and let us order 3 meat Samusas and one vegetarian one for my friend. The Samusas had great flavor, and my mint drink was a bit average while the mango mojito seemed a lot tastier. The main dishes were the highlight of the meal. The Burmese Chicken and Shrimp was my favorite with very tender slow cooked chicken pieces and fresh tasting shrimp. The lamb curry was also good.If I lived closer I'd be eating here a lot more often!
What is Burmese food!? Still not very sure what it is supposed to be like but it's dang tasty. With already 4800, you already know this place is a hit and I will jump on the bandwagon and give props to this restaurant. Came here with a Friday on Saturday for lunch. According to her, it's best to go right when they open so you can avoid the lines and I am sure glad we did. Arrive around 11:50 and the place was already packed. Almost all of the tables were filled. Luckily, arrived when there are still a few open tables so didn't have to wait. PHEW! Looked over the menu and decided on four dishes for the 3 of us. Got the Tea Leaf Salad, Rainbow Salad, Curry Pork, and Nan Pyi Dok. First same the intricate Tea Leaf Salad. The waiter described all the ingredients and started mixing it table-side. Fancy huh? I tried to compare this to other salads and couldn't. It's that unique. Can't really describe the flavors but its sour yet salty from the fermented tea leaves. It's a must try. Very tasty and interesting. Next up was the Rainbow Salad. Again described and mixed in front of us. 4 types of noodles. YUM. Felt like it would be a carb overload but it wasn't. The noodles were light and the sauce wasn't heavy. Again this dish was also so unique that I could not compare it to anything else. Next came the Curry Pork. Piece of pork and potato in a curry sauce. Had to order a side of coconut rice to use as a vessel to transport the sauce to my tummy! The curry was not as flavorful that I had expected. I've always thought it would be similar to Thai curries but this was a lot lighter. Still tasty but probably my least favorite dish. Finally the Nan Pyi Dok. Rice noodles in a creamy sauce. Again very light which is again strange! The next time I'm in SF, I will definitely want to come back to try other dishes and the Rainbow Salad again. The place lives up to its hype. The service is great. Very observant and ready to refill your water. The ambiance is a mix between loud Asian restaurants and a quiet coffee shop. The lighting is dim and feels home-y.A must try for those in SF!
Came here because it was recommended to me on several separate occasions by very different people but all SF natives. Burma Superstar also came up as a hit on my own Yelp searches and BuzzFeed procrastination sessions. So I figured it was meant to be. The verdict? It was meant to be.Service was swift, waiters were unobtrusive, efficient, and as friendly as you can expect from an Asian eatery. We came at an odd time, though, so it may be busier closer to lunch hour.Sidenote, a lady next to us had ordered 5 different dishes all to herself and was slowly picking away at her food, with relish. Proof that we were in the right place.I got the samosa soup + tea leaf salad combo, and my mom got the rainbow salad.*****The samosa soup was an exotic medley of flavor: sour, minty, hearty, sandy (that's a texture) that all came together in my mouth. I would recommend getting it because it's definitely not something you'd make on your own - basically falafel and samosa crumbled into lentil soup with a ton of herbs. Labor intensive to make for anyone other than a Burmese restaurant with plenty of extra falafels and samosas.*****The tea leaf salad was pretty yummy and very filling. Unlike your typical salad, filled with air and made for dieters, this salad was dense with sauces and toppings and a lot packed into one bite. I'd recommend this over the rainbow salad.*****The rainbow salad turned out to be (despite the hyped up 22+ ingredients) nothing other than a bowl of noodles with some cilantro, peanut sauce, and salad-mixing-service included. Not too impressed, although my mom liked it. If you want a lighter flavor, go with this salad.Overall, this place offers a unique combo of flavors that you definitely wouldn't come up with on your own, so definitely try it! Will be coming back to try their other items soon (or just order another bowl of samosa soup hehe)
Burma Superstar was another restaurant on my list that I finally got to try. I knew it was going to be pretty busy so we tried to go after the lunch hour and timed it perfectly. We got a seat right away (we sat at the communal table but we were the only ones there) and were greeted by the ever so friendly staff. Seriously, nicest people ever - they thanked us several times for coming to their restaurant and made genuine small talk that you don't see often anymore.Also, it was awesome that they were able to accommodate my sister's gluten intolerance into all of their dishes. We obviously shared everything. I can't remember the exact prices but it was $10-15/dish (ordered most from the lunch menu except for the eggplant and curry tofu if I recall correctly):- Tea leaf salad - very good. I find tea leaf salads have such a distinctive flavour that there's only so much you can eat of it. Guess that's where sharing comes in!- Summer salad - 22 different ingredients. Really, really liked the noodles (four different kinds) that they put in. If I had to pick, I would order this salad again over the tea leaf salad. Very light, refreshing and just tastes summery (hence the name eh?)- Shan Noodles - noodles in a spicy tomato sauce with pickled radish, cilantro, peanuts and chicken. Interesting sauce, kind of like an Asian fusion mix noodle dish.- Eggplant and curry tofu - red curry sauce made with eggplant and tofu. Love eggplant and tofu so this was super good.- Pumpkin pork stew - super tender pork with kabocha squash and ginger. The pork was so tender and full of flavour. Came with a side of rice (your choice).Everything was great. It was our first time trying Burmese food and we are definitely fans. If you like other Asian food or just food in general, you need to come here!
visiting and staying near and wanted to eat like the locals. Never had burmese before but the tea leaf salad sounded intriguing and it was as good as it sounded. Salty, fresh, hint of tea flavor. Also had the pumpkin pork which was also really good. It was busy at 6 already but I just got take out. Minus one star for not or forgetting to include utensils for takeout orders. I can't tell if it's because I was in SF and they are so eco friendly or just a mistake. Either way, I ate both with my hands (no shame!) and it was still good.
Love this place. Order the tea leaf salad, garlic shrimp, and coconut rice. Wasn't to crazy about the rainbow salad and samosa soup but the shrimp dish made up for it. Expect a long wait but there's bars nearby to wait at. Or go to their sister restraint bstar and order the mussels, Brussel sprouts, and trout and you won't be disappointed.
Kind of over rated IMO. Coconut rice is good but everything else is decent. Not worth the wait in line. Go on a weekday and enjoy
So you'd never guess this place was rumored to be the cause of a ton of E coli outbreaks in the city.....nbcbayarea.com/news/locaAnyways, the food was delicious and I'M STILL ALIVE!!!!!
Yes yes, tea salad is a must here. The salad creates all kinds of flavors and textures in ze mouth. It definitely is worth having, and I am sure you will crave it after you leave. If you're not a fan of garlic, you might wanna pass--the garlic chips make it wonderfully potent. I liked my pumpkin stew, and especially loved the rice, which is flavorful and exciting. If you're in the area, definitely stop by and check it out.
I loved the food. This was my first time eating at a Burmese restaurant and I'm in love! I can definitely see the Indian and Thai influence. We had spicy and crispy chicken. Perfect. Steak kebat. So good. The tomatoes melt in your mouth. Sometimes I'm nervous to try new foods but every time I do (thanks to my bf) I fall in love even more (if that's possible) with food on this amazing planet.
Awesome food, nice ambiance.The samosa soup is to die for!
Everyone loves burma superstar! i've been here a handful of times, and i've never been disappointed. I'd describe their take on burmese cuisine as a beautiful combination of thai, indian, and malaysian all mixed in one. Everyone I have ever brought here also equally enjoyed their meals. Burmese food is quickly catching on to the rest of the bay, but I'm pretty sure BSuperstar was at the forefront of this movement. I'll have to try the other places to see if they compare, but I always ask myself why? ....well maybe because of the wait. the wait is TERRIBLE! and they are sticklers about having the ENTIRE party there before you can be seated.....even if the other half of your party is parking because parking is also TERRIBLE. avoid this place during busy hours .....
I've never had Burmese food before and was so excited to try, especially given all the great reviews this place had on Yelp. Lunch was amazing and our waitress was the sweetest lady ever. We had such a great time.We ordered:Samusa soup - very interesting Tea leaf saladRainbow salad - my fave from the mealLamb curry - sauce was amazing, meat was a bit dry
The hype is real, Burma Superstar was delicious! Maybe try to go at a not so busy time of day/week, it's much easier to get a table then and less stressful. No need to wait 2 hours.I've been to Yamo in the mission district and thought Burma Superstar would just be an overpriced version of Yamo and just famous from people over hyping it, but it's not, it's a Burmese style all of their own. Yamo was so tasty and super beyond cheap for the type of fresh noodles those two Burmese ladies serve you. Burma Superstar is also Burmese cuisine and is definitely more expensive than Yamo's $6 noodles but it really doesn't taste different and is worth it. Try here and Yamo, they're two really great Burmese spots in San Francisco.There is so much to choose from: we ordered "basil chili pork belly" "Burmese style beef curry" and "nan gya dok", I think the best was the pork belly. Thy we're not shy with the fat and marbled meat, it was so flavorful and was perfect on plain white rice. The nan gya dok was really chewy and the noodles tasted great. They really held onto the sauce in the dish well. The beef curry was classic, not too spicy but had a bit of a kick, again great on white rice.I would definitely come back here again and try the tea leaf salad everyone talks about and more noodles!
Waited over two hours to eat here. The food is very good... is it worth the wait? That just depends on your preference I guess. I'm glad I got to try it with all the hype, but I doubt I'd wait that long again to go back. They own another restaurant down the street that apparently serves the same food - just go there instead. Ordered a pitcher of this ginger-lemon beer concoction, I wasn't really a fan. Tea leaf salad was great, as stated in every review. Noodle salad was also very good. Also loved the samosas and the naan (I think they call it something else). Def give this place a try.
If you haven't been here yet, then you must not eat very well, which is scary.Order the : tea leaf salad and the platha and dip, for sure. Everything else, your on your own. You will be back.
My friend and I never had Burmese food before so we figured we'd give this place a try.This place is pretty busy for dinner. I put my name down for a table for two and the guy said it would be a thirty minute wait. They take your number down so that you can wander off and they'll call you when your table is ready. We just wandered around Clement for a bit and came back just in time for our table.We ordered the tea leaf salad, basil pork belly, Burmese curry with beef, and a side of coconut rice. The tea leaf salad comes out pretty quick and the waiter will explain to you what is in it and then mix it up for you. I'm usually the kind of person who only eats salad to make myself think I'm being healthy, but this tea leaf salad was totally different. All the different ingredients, including peanuts, jalapenos, fish sauce, and fried garlic, mix together really well. It was probably the first time I ever actually enjoyed a salad.The basil pork belly and curry with beef were pretty delicious too. We got two orders of coconut rice with it. This turned out to be too much food for just two people. But at least we got to try two different things.Service here is amazing. Despite how little space they have to move around and how many people they have to serve, they manage to do their job well and ensure you have a good experience. They seem eager to explain what goes into Burmese cuisine. When we asked for boxes for our remaining food, they happily insisted on boxing it for us. And they brought the check in a little cup rather than a folder, which I thought was pretty cute since it's big enough to fit your credit card into and also holds pens without the awkward bulge you would get with a folder.A great dining experience overall. Drop by here if you're up to try something new in an amazing restaurant atmosphere.
Tea leaf salad gets 4 stars! It is probably their best dish there. It is unique and the flavors blend together so well. A bit of crunch with the variety of nuts in the salad and the tea leaves add an interesting salty flavor to the salad. Everything else is "a-ok." Pretty good thai food, but nothing amazing. Like others have said the long wait is not really worth it. The coconut rice is tasty. It is sweet and creamy. The curries are also good, but like everything else there, not really worth the long wait. I would definitely eat there if there was no line.
Tea leaf salad, burmese samosas, catfish curry. Woah.This place is totally worth the 1.5 hour wait. That's not sarcasm. We came here with my sister in law after she couldn't stop raving about it. Everything was flavorful and the portions were generous. Plan on a family style dinner.But do not, repeat DO NOT, bring a large group of people here. The place is small and anything larger than a group of 5 or 6 will have you waiting quite a long time to eat.
Overpriced vegetable dishes IMO. Many seem to like this place, but my friends who are Burmese won't step foot in here.
Great food a must try in San Fran!!! Go with 3 to 4 people so you can try a bunch of the dishes and do family style. The mint salad was amazing must try!!
Overhyped! Thank goodness I went near closing time at 9:20, so the wait was only 20 minutes. I would never wait two hours for this!I got the Nan Gyi Dok. It's coconut chicken rice noodle curry with some egg. I didn't really like it. It was whatever to me! Maybe I should have just ordered their more popular items? I know their tea leaf salad and rainbow salad are very popular. I just didn't feel like eating salad. Their Thai iced tea was also meh. Nothing really special. I've had much better. I would skip this place.
I love the noodles and salad here. It's very delicious. Price is reasonable.Next month, perhaps I will invite my Chinese girl friend come here and have a lunch.
Why do people like this place?! I dread going here with out-of-towners that want to check out the hype. I'm open to trying new things/cuisines but the flavors here are just plain strange and the food is incredibly overpriced. We tried all the famous dishes, tea leaf salad, soup, curries..etc. Burmese food is like..thai mixed with indian with a sprinkling of Chinese. If that doesn't sound appetizing (it doesn't to me), don't go here cause you'll waste a lot of money and even more time.
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  - Tea leaf salad: Refreshingly original; great for vegetarians, just be sure to mention "no dried shrimp"- Samosa soup: Yes, it's as good as the other reviewers promise it to be.- Tofu kabat: Not as great as the other reviewers make it out to be.4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the looong wait.
Samusa soup is the real deal. It is worth all the hype. I have done take-out from Burma Superstar for just the samosa soup.Eggplant has been hit or miss. sometimes it is well cooked other times its been way undercooked for me.The coconut rice is an interesting twist and something I cant resist.The wait is insane so I always do take-out.
A couple years ago a waiter recommended the tea leaf salad, pea shoots, and chili lamb as a nice meal for two. That's all you need to know. The chili lamb is stupid good. I don't even like lamb.
Expensive but very worth the meal. The tea leaf salad was filled with different taste and the lamb curry was great. The service was great. The only Complaint you can have is the wait and that there are no reservations
Awesome place for weekend lunch. Good for groups :)Try samosa and some soup i dont remember its pretty good
Rainbow salad. Get it. I don't care if you are a "salad person" -- this is one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth and you don't be disappointed. It is so unique. The dish has 20-something ingredients, including really interesting seasoning that is both delicious and unlike anything I've had before. The menu is a great array of fun and flavorful burmese dishes. Go with friends who like family style eating, because you won't be doing this place right unless you're sharing everything and getting to try as much as possible. Go crazy and get the coconut rice instead of the regular white rice too. Just trust me. The cocktails are also delicious and everything is reasonably priced, especially for how much food you get! (Though I'm not a big dessert person generally, their dessert carved out a special exception.)The ambiance of this place is a bit rushed and crowded, primarily because it is always packed. Be prepared to wait for 30-60 minutes almost any night of the week. It's worth it, I promise. Once in, it's obvious they try and squeeze lots of parties into the limited space, but not to the point of annoyance. Service is prompt and thorough. The place has a vibrant bar scene and a bustling feel. The artwork is cool and the look is trendy. A great spot for a date night (though probably not a first date) or a dinner with friends! Definitely recommend!
With 1000's of reviews seems that I need to write very little, just wanted to mention that unless your really craving noodles, try the other items on the menu. We had the nan pia dok, which wasnt anything special and made me regret the order compared to some other items which looked interesting. We also had the tea leaf salad and pork and pumpkin stew which were much more original and delicious.
I would happily and honestly say that Burma Superstar is a super-4-stars across the board. I went on a Monday night right after their opening 5pm time slot and got a table no problem. The lack of reservations seems to deter no one as the restaurant was quickly packed within the hour. The reasons are undeniable as to why people come here from all parts of the city. The food is amazing.We started off with an order of Platha which is a doughier version of Indian Naan... and dare I say better version at that. The sauce accompaniment was ridiculous and subtle which made it all the more perfect. The chicken samusas were delicious and hard to split considering 3 came to a plate and there were 2 of us. I don't think either of us wanted to share but we did our best. The coconut rice was a great dish to soak up the sauces that came with the Pork curry and spicy chicken with fresh basil. I wish I had the stomach for more as everyone looked like they ordered the right thing. ALL of their dishes immersed all senses as you wanted to touch, smell, stare your way through dinner. The Sangria and Lemon Beer pitchers were a steal at $15 for 2 pints. Grab as much as you can and enjoy your staycation.I'm so glad I don't have to travel all the way to Burma for some good grub at a great price.
Basically had the best salad of my life here. Literally. I ordered the mango salad and I know, I know, it's not their most popular salad. However, at the time, I was reallly feeling for something sweet and tangy so I chose the mango salad. Best decision of my life! I have never had a salad that was SOOOOOOOO flavourful and tasty EVER. I've ordered mango salads from other thai restaurants before and ususally they are just plain sour without much flavour. However, this salad had bursts of flavour in EVERY SINGLE BITE. I can't even describe what the dressing was made of or what flavours it consisted of. But if i really had to try, I'd say parsley, fried garlic chips, mango, mint?, lettuce.....I'm sorry that's the best I can do. When this salad arrived, it looked plain, bland and boring. I thought to myself, what have I gotten myself into? I was terribly wrong. Seriously. Best. Salad. Ever. If I lived in San Francisco, I'd come here everyday for this salad if I could. My mouth is watering as I write this review.
I really did enjoy most of the food here. I've tried a few Burmese places and this one really had the best food. However, 3 stars for the slow service. The line is a given since there are no reservations so I am not complaining about that. However, after a long wait I expect not to be rushed. It took a while to get a waiter over to order drinks and then at the end of the meal they try and rush you. The waiter said they did not have the one dessert we wanted. I understand they are trying to turn over tables since there is a line but this is unfortunately a choice that the restaurant has made regarding no reservations - the customer should not be rushed because you are not interested in using a reservation system.
As one of SF's top restaurants, had an opportunity to stop by for lunch the other day at 11:30 am. We were seated after a few minute queue at the door.Started off with the Tea Leaf Salad that Yelpers raved about. The salad is definitely unique and tasty. Apparently it was featured on the Food Network.Moved on to the Chicken Samusas which were mediocre. They seem to have used wonton wrappers for the skin and the samusas had a slight kick to it.The Nan Gyi Dok - Coconut noodles with chicken was scrumptious. The noodles were very fresh and tender and the coconut curry flavor hit the spot. The chicken was tasty too. This is a must try in my book.The Spicy and Crispy Chicken seemed like something from Panda Express at first. The dish was unique and tasty. They used white meat chicken.The coconut rice is also definitely a must try. The rice was very fluffy and soft. Having bits of coconut inside the rice was definitely unique!The platha indian bread was a miss. It was bland and too thick.Service was surprisingly good for an Asian restaurant....perhaps it is because they are Michelin rated?
I got the Nyan Gyi Dok and it was awesome from presentation to flavor to portion size. I live in the north bay and the Burmese place near me serves less food and it isn't as good either. Being in SF and being as good as they are they definitely get 5 stars. The place looks cool too.
We drove into the city from the airport during an overnight stay just to eat at Burma Superstar. Street parking is available. They do not take reservations. The wait on a Saturday for a table ( 2 of us ) was approx 90 mins. Instead of freezing outside, we had a beer in The Blue Danube Coffee House which is right across the street. As per the other reviewers on here -- we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa Soup, Platha & Chicken curry. Two of us shared an entree - Nan Gyi Dok (noodles, chicken curry). I just loved the whole meal. The restaurant was buzzing with activity, quick service and servers were on the point. We even got Rainbow Salad to go for the trip back home. Overall experience: A +. Culinary delight, do not miss gastronomic experience.
Not bad but way overrated. Why is there a long line? Not worth the hella long line. I think the long lines make these people feel like "Superstars.". More like, super silly. :D Oh and the portions are small for what you pay. There is better Burmese food in Daly City (Burma Caf). How sad is that, "Superstar". ;)
I'm Burmese born and raised and feel that I can be critical of this restaurant. This place is Yelp central with so many positive reviews. I can say that having had Burmese food not only home cooking but restaurants in Philly and NYC, this place is not all that! Some of the menu items are true Burmese but many items are not. True Tea Leaf salad does NOT have lettuce but rather finely chopped cabbage. I was shocked when they brought Tea Leaf Salad w lettuce..the salad has been Americanized! Took friends there to sample Burmese food and turned out to be a huge disappointment since it was not fully authentic.
This place has so much flavor in every dish. I lived everything about it. The wait was a little long unfortunately. But in my opinion it was totally worth it. Among mang dishes we tried, my favorite was the garlic noodles. I would come back just for that. Some dishes might be a little spicy so beware.
Their food is delicious but, oh boy, every dish (especially Chicken Curry Dahl) is drenched in oil. But with a combination of coconut rice if you must have it, it can't go wrong. I have frequented this place a few times but after ordering different dishes each time being drenched and floating in oil I no longer visit this restaurant. I personally prefer food that's cooked healthy hence cannot say if I can recommend this place.
One of my SF faves. If you like unique, delicious, voluptuously spiced food, Burma Superstar should be at the top of your list. For first timers, definitely try the:1) tea leaf salad2) Vegetarian Samusa SoupBoth are wonderful and very unique. Keep in mind that most of the dishes are large and perfect for sharing. Excellent, friendly service, awesome food, very fair prices. I'd eat here every week if I could. Highly recommend!
Hands down the best meal I have ever had! Now keep in mind, the wait is no joke. It is long, but it is worth every second. Be sure to get the Platha and Dip. Also the chili lamb is delish! The spice level is also no joke, so adjust accordingly.Note to the owner: NY needs a place like this! Please make it happen!
I love this place. I try to make an effort to come back here whenever I'm in the city. If you come during lunch, you will most likely not have to wait as long and get a seat. During dinner, if you don't come by 5 when they open, you will be waiting forever for a table.Order the tea leaf salad. Its like no other. Unique in flavor and the fermented tea leaves are just different. A good kind of different.I also love the burma shrimp, AWESOME flavor. Fresh basil chicken is also very good. And we ordered the orka tofu, which is great for anyone who is vegetarian. The food is flavorful and the service is even better! The people here are really nice and very attentive. :)
Tried it out this afternoon, wasn't anything special but wasn't awful either. Service was slow for us (2). Took then 10 mins to take out order 30 mins to get food to the table and another 15 to get the check. We had parking for 1 1/2 hours and when we got back to the car the meter expired.
So this place has a gazillions reviews and most everyone raves about it. But I have eaten here twice and done a take out once with friends who absolutely wanted to try the place without waiting the wait to be seated inside. Each time I have felt "meh", it's okay but I really don't see why there is such a big fuss about this place. The tea leaf salad is good, and the rainbow salad with its 22 ingredients boast would receive just an okay from me. The server has recommended these salads each time we have been there. Btw, when they mix all the ingredients in the Rainbow salad, there certainly aren't 22 ingredients there that one can see, just saying. And with all the ingredients that are visible and therefore one can be assured present, I don't taste a great flavor profile. We also ordered a chicken noodle soup and that didn't receive passing marks at all. Unless it's a cold soup, all soups should be served hot and this one was cold. Secondly, I had to add a lot of other complements such as Chilli and lemon to make it passable. The only thing I really like is the Sambusa soup. So overall, will I wait interminably to get a seat in this place? I don't think so. If needed, I may do a to-go for the Sambusa soup.
Alright! Summarizing my past 2 visits to this place. THE PLACE:The place is relatively small, so there's usually a fat line. Come at slightly 'off' meal-times like 1:45-2pm for late lunch or 5-6pm for early dinner. You'll be happy you did!THE SERVICE:Very very nice hostess and servers. The hostess estimated a good 30-45min wait, but then advised for us to stick around because a lot of people wander off instead of staying. And guess what, we got in in less than 5 minutes, no joke! The servers attend to you closely and are careful to cater to your needs (allergies, preferences, their recommendations, etc).Now for the part you actually care about... THE FOOD:Nan Pia Dok (chicken curry noodles): daaaaaaamn! Super creamy, thick flat noodles, flavors of curry without the spiciness. Highly recommended!Burmese Samusas: good, but no wow-factor. Standard-tasting 'samosas'. The home-special sauce it comes with is like a mixture of sweet & sour with sriracha.Eggplant with Garlic Sauce: also pretty good, but no different than standard Chinese-style preparation of eggplant stir-fries.Tea Leaf Salad: BOMB. Never would I ever order a salad from a restaurant, cause really, they're all so easy and cheap to prepare on your own! BUT, that being said, this is the one salad I would actually ever order in a restaurant because it's so unique. The textures from all the different nuts, seeds... and the flavors blend so well to formulate this magical concoction in your mouth.***NOTE: there is an additional service fee that they tack on to many of the menu items, this salad included, because they explain and mix the dish for you at the table.Chicken Dahl: creamy creamy yellow curry with yellow beans. It's like the Nan Pia Dok, but without the noodles and veggies. So go with the Nan Pia Dok!Coconut Rice: subtle, but present coconut flavored rice. Not bad, but I was expecting it to be more moist.Coconut Juice: served the right way with a straw straight into a sweet & delicious coconut. The whole time I was wishing it was sliced open so I could eat the coconut itself too... then without me mentioning it out loud, the server asked if we'd like it cut open to eat! Winning.Jackfruit-Chocolate-Banana Spring Rolls with Coconut Ice Cream: exactly as it sounds. Fried. Delectable.***Overall recommendation: Yes, the food is definitely over-priced. But have each member of your party choose an item, then share everything so you can get a taste & appreciation for it all!
The food was great. Especially the eggplant.
The hype is real!!! It is THAT good! Hahah! Seriously, me and my sister arrived on a random Tuesday evening around 5:40pm and the wait for a table of two was already an hour long!! Little did we know the hour soon turned into an hour and 45 mins and we were freezing like mother truckers standing outside! When we were finally seated, the intimate environment instantly pulled us in. The waiters were patient and knowledgable about the dishes, which helped us a lot.  Tea leaf salad- Hands down one of the best tea leaf salads in the city!! The salad is prepared for you at the table and the portion is very very generous! The flavors weren't overpowering and the touch of tea leaf in it was perfection! If you are debating which salad to get, GET THIS!! Even for meat lovers, the bold flavors and crunchy texture would change your mind about salads forever!!  Platha and dip- This is a crispy pan fried pancake served with a rich chicken curry sauce. The pancake had a crunchy exterior, while the inside was flaky and soft. The sauce was so flavorful and delicious that we kept it at the table even after we were done with the platha, just so we could try it with the coconut rice!! Lamb curry- The dish was served with potatoes, carrots, and tender chunks of lamb stewed in a delicious curry sauce. We were warned that the lamb would be a bit dry, but it was absolutely amazing. The potatoes and carrots were tender and soft and everything in the dish had absorbed the flavors of he curry!  Coconut rice- I'm not even a person who enjoys eating rice, but this absolutely blew me away! I literally every bite was transporting me to an exotic tropical island! The rice was interlaced with shreds of coconut and topped fried onion. It tasted so fragrant and coconutty and contrasted with a hint of salt.  Kebat prawns- OMGAWD! This dish is ridiculously perfect on so many levels!! The prawns ARE actual prawns, each one was the size of my freaking thumb!! The veggies and shrimp were stir fried in a blend of spices and sauces and the portion was huge!!! There were def. more prawns than veggies because I ate at least 10-12 myself and my sister had a few too! Heheh! I absolutely loved this dish and it constantly haunts me every time I drive by the restaurant! Ughh!  Clearly after this monstrous feast there was simply no room for dessert or desserts! The waiters were attentive, despite the craziness around us and our cups were never without water!! I am def. coming back to try everything on the menu!!!
I was walking through the area with a coworker and it was near lunch time. She suggested Burmese food and my interested piqued. Burmese food? Never had it before.. but I've seen it and smelled it before and boy, did it look good. I have never been to a Burmese restaurant.. In fact, the closest thing Burmese about me is that I knew a half Burmese guy in high school.. and he may or may not remember me.Anyway, I'm down to try! I always like to try exotic foods. We get there at about 11:50pm on a Thursday. There's already a decent sized crowd in there.. The server or host says that we could get seated in 5 minutes if we sit at a community table. Seems fair enough.. I don't wanna wait for my food. I saw on this chalk board thing that we should try their famous tea leaf salad.. Hmm... I'm not a salad person.. but if you insist that it's your most popular item.. Sure, I'll give it a try!!We order one salad and two entrees. I ordered some catfish noodle soup... We got the tea leaf salad and it was not mixed yet. This guy does this small spiel about what the ingredients were and how the tea leaves are from Burma, yadda yadda. Whatever dude!! Just mix it already!!! So he mixes it and mixes it and mixes it. I gotta give it to him, looks like he was just born to toss salad. He sets in on the table.. and I take a bite... and... and... it... tastes...just like salad. Aghghhghhghgh. It was good, I'll give you that. I don't like salad. and I liked THIS salad. I don't love it. But I could have ordered this for my one meal and would have been satisfied. If I had seen these yelp reviews ahead of time I would think that it's overhyped or whatever.. I didn't know Burma Superstar was THAT popular.The catfish soup was gross. It was really spicy and a lot of noodles and from what I could tell no catfish?? There were these corn or bean like things and they were fried.. Pretty gross cuz they were rock hard. It was like eating deep fried pebbles. So wait..? Where's the catfish!??!?!It ended up being too much food so I had to take the catfish to go. I could have made another meal out of it.. or maybe a snack.. which is what I did the next day..Oh yeah and this place is freakin EXPENSIVE... Bling bling bling $$$$. ~$15 for an entree. WTF? I'm used to asian places being really cheap.. but I guess that isn't the case with Burmese food.. They must be eating gourmet rocks.
Soooo amazing! Get the lamb curry with coconut rice. You will thank me later. Also the rainbow salad is delicious. The Burmese fried rice is good too. Everything!!! Service is great. Expect a really long wait, especially on the weekends. But it is so so worth the wait! Haha.
I am visiting from New York City area, so when it comes to restaurants I am a bit of foodie. I was highly impressed by this place. OMG the food was amazing. We had a tea life salad, platha dip, and vegetarian samusa soup as a starter for four of us. These were amazing and we were already full before our entrees arrived. The waiter had recommended we only get three entrees due to our starters and even three was too many. I had the eggplant in garlic sauce, which was divine. I would definitely recommend this place.
This have to be my favorite place to eat in SF!!!! Wow, that's a lot of exclamation marks because I love it so much. Although, I forgot most of the names of the dishes we ordered because my friends did the ordering. The only one that I can still recall the name of is the braise pork belly. The waitress said if you like meat and fat you would love this dish...and of course we do! By far my favorite dish and still have a vivid taste of it in my head. Everything else was also great in that restaurant. I'm not a big fan of their tea salad though...it is good but has a little pungent (if that's the correct terminology to use for it) taste to it.
This place is ALWAYS busy. They open for lunch and don't close again until the evening. Came here on a Sunday for dinner around 5pm and there was a 30 minute wait already. In 15 minutes, the wait became an hour. They don't seat you until your ENTIRE party is present. Despite the fact that we would just order. Food here is pretty pricey given that it's asian food, which is generally cheaper in the motherland. Everything is delicious: tea leaf salad, pratha and dip, curries, noodles, chicken basil etc. Beware majority of the items are SPICY!
Dee-li-cious!  We arrived before the restaurant opened Sat night, but still had to wait an hour, darn. It was worth the wait though. Tastiest dishes from our dinner - samusa soup, coconut rice, and salt & pepper chicken. The chicken has a very light & crisp breading, and tastes so good it doesn't even need sauce (but comes with). The mango beef is extremely tender and delicious, the platha is reminiscent of a croissant, but more dense & oily. It's quite good, but rather bland alone - get the curry sauce, or sop up sauce from other dishes. The tea leaf salad - unlike any salad I've had. One of our party loved it, I didn't.  If you're a farm kid, the tea leaves remind me of the silage they feed cattle in winter, and they have that fermented silage taste. There's no way to know if you'll like it but to try it.The waiter was friendly and awesome, I'll definitely go again when I'm in the city!
Burma Superstar is one of the most popular Alameda restaurants and during peak times will give a a bit of a wait.I find that the food is good but it's not worth all the waiting or the gushing that some people put forth about this place. I've tried all the recommeded dishes and some were not all that but then again this place is better than some of the other local choices.Service is typically average.
Everything we ordered was good - mohinga, platha with coconut sauce, braised pork belly and mustard greens, coconut rice, and tea leaf salad. I even bought the tea leaf salad kit because I liked it so much. I will definitely come back. And beware, the place is packed so you might want to come earlier as soon as they open.
Food was great!  We were able to try a variety dishes and they were all wonderful. the tables are very close together so it was hard getting into our spot without bothering the table next to us, but other than that it was a great experience!
(4) ~ very good overall food & service. Burmese Food is a combination of Chinese, Indian & Thai Food. Our only suggestion would be to bring everyone's course at the same time, b/c we ended up watching others eat(& finish) their dishes before ours finally came out:( Other than that, it was very good...OUR MENU:* water(tap) = (3.5) good* Young Coconut Juice = (4) very good...now IF they would have opened it after I finished it to eat the Coconut Jelly, then I would have given it a (5);)lol* Oh Noh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup) = (4) very good & hearty...enough for three people;)* Pork Curry with Potatoes = (4) very good & quite mild(not spicy)* Peashoots = (3.5) good, but I like younger peashoots;)* Eggplant with Garlic Sauce = (4) very good...kinda sweet;)* Coconut Rice = (4.5) Very Good! Highly recommend!* Mango Sorbet = (3.5) good, but I've had better...NOTE: They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait in line.
I love this place and the environment and the servers are very friendly and helpful :) Would really recommend this place . Though it is always packed just wait for the food is worth the wait! And also alot of people recommends the Samusa soup. Tried it but didnt really liked it so it depends on individuals. But overall food is good to the core!
One of my fav place in SF, I never get tired of eating the tea leaf salad and samosa soup
Delicious, Amazing Food with phenomenal vegetarian options! We went there with a group of ten, impromptu for a birthday dinner and they were able to seat us within 30 minutes and were very accommodating!
This restaurant was recommended by my friend and I was informed of the salads featured on the Food Network. So I knew this place will be packed.This place DOES NOT take reservations.What we ended up doing to avoid the lines was to reach the restaurant at 11:30 AM, right when it opened. There were a few people waiting there already for the restaurant to open. At 11:30 AM, we were asked to come in by a very friendly staff.We ordered the following:- Vegetarian Samusa Soup: this comes in medium and large. The medium is good for 4-5 people. The bowl is huge. The soup was delicious, with samusa (tasted like Indian samosa) pieces in it. However, it was a little too salty for me.- Tea Leaf Salad: This is one of their two salads featured on Food Network. They mix the salad in front of you after explaining all the ingredients. The salad was delicious....nothing like I have ever eaten. Highly recommended.- Poodi (Potato Curry): This was alright....nothing extra-ordinary.Overall - I would highly recommend this place. Make sure you are aware that the wait time in the evenings can range from 45 minutes to 2 hours. I called them Saturday night wondering how long the wait was for 2 people and they said an hour and a half. This restaurant is located in the heart of China Town I believe, so its surrounded by grocery stores etc. So even if I were to wait, there is not much to look around at. I rather go there during lunch to enjoy a delicious meal without the wait time.
Idk if we just ordered really well but this place rocked! My date even loved the tea lead salad and salads/veggies are definitely not his thing. Hope to come back soon!
Any restaurant which, by mention of its very name, gets me humming the chorus from 'Ghetto Superstar' (and rapping ODB's part) AND makes me think of Little Superstar is already on my good side. My friend warned me that the place fills up quickly so we headed out to Inner Richmond far too early for dinner and ended up being the sixth or so person in line. Within minutes (and before BS opened) there was a line, at least, 20 deep. People are serious about their Burmese fix!Once the restaurant opened and we were allowed in, it was like that scene in far & Away where all the white people rode horses and threw off their hats in order to take the Native American's land. It was scary. The place is small so it's not like there's *that* much real estate to pour over but making sure you have a table that blends view, room for your party and position is important. After an initial faux pas, we did some spin moves and navigated a bosslevel table. Butts in place, it was time to start grazing.I wasn't sure that I wanted to eat so much. After all, I'd been on a food bender for a while and I was starting to get strung out. I was able to man up by rationalizing that this was 'healthy food' so it wasn't like eating a bunch of Big Macs or something. But just like how ordering a diet Coke with a meatball sub probably won't result in weight loss, neither will eating nearly ten plates of healthy food. Oh well. YOLO, as the kids say...Because I am a functioning alcoholic, we started off with the sangria -- but it was healthy because it was lychee and Asian pear. See? Totally healthy. Salads are healthy, so we helped ourselves to the tea leaf and samusa salads. Both totally lived up to the hype. Prior to eating here, I had no idea what a tea leaf salad is. Now, I need it in my life regularly. It's tea leaves, lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, sesame seeds, tomatoes, jalapenos, and dried shrimp all mashed, flipped and tossed together. The samusa is somosa with onion, cilantro, cucumber, mint, and cabbage. Both are fantastic. I was dubious about the pea shoots side. i shouldn't have been. Get them. I don't like peas (or pea shoots) and I ate a third of the dish. The Superstar noodles with chili were good but I admit to ordering them more for the name than the ingredients. Citrus chicken & shrimp with coconut rice rounded out our feast. And, it was a feast. Our waiter took good care of us, checked in, made sure we hadn't od'ed on food, and didn't shame us for our gluttony. That's a win. And, so is Burma Superstar. There's a reason eleventy billion people have been here. Join the Borg. Resistance is futile.
Great service, very good and value for money dishes.I will be coming back.
Wait...is this the place that I have been wanting to try for the longest time, and have tried, turned out to be the most nastiest place ever? Yes. I've had authentic Burmese food before and this...is definitely NOT authentic enough.How is everyone giving this place 5 stars?My friend and I ordered a plate of the Burmese Samusas, the Platha dip, and the Tealeaf salad as appetizers. My gosh the Samusas were dry as hell! The Platha and dip tasted very bland. The Platha was just very...not fresh...the texture felt like and flavor tasted like it's been there for days. You know like that old frying oil taste and the firmness of the dough? Yeap.The Tealeaf salad was quite bland too. There was no distinct taste to it but a lot of peanuts in every bite.My friend ordered the lamb curry with rice...I don't know man...x__x But my friend seemed to have enjoyed it a little.And I got the catfish chowder with noodles. The soup is basically the dip of the Platha dish. Can they get anymore creative...?My experience there felt like I was eating expensive cafeteria food. I don't know if I want to give it another try.
My first time trying Burmese food and I'm so glad we picked Burma Superstar! Because of the enormous amounts of reviews, I am so glad we came after a long hike at Lands End around 2pm. Between the four of us we had:1. Tea Leaf Salad: My favorite of the night. The fermented tea leaves definitely made this dish salty but, so rich in flavor. It's my favorite simply because I don't think the delicious flavors could be replicated or described easily. It was salty but, in a good way and the toasted grains/nuts just added the perfect texture. A great start to the meal.2. Chili Lamb: This dish was good. It wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be but, I liked it. I've tasted similar non-Burmese dishes though so, I wasn't blown away.3. Chicken Dahl: Generous serving of chicken marinated in flavorful, sweet and mild curry spices! I like this dish. It was dark meat but, it was tender and simple.4. Samusa Soup: Such a creative way to make soup using falafels and broken up samusas. The samusa shell was still slightly crunch and I just felt like it was a good combination of textures. It's definitely salty and a bit heavy so, I think it's a dish best suited for a bigger group because I can't imagine anyone being able to finish more than a single serving bowl of it. 5. Non Gyi Dok: I really REALLY wanted to love this one. I don't hate it..it's decent but, I really felt that the use of rice noodles were the wrong choice here or at least the kind that Burma Superstar used. The round rice noodles (similar to the ones used in Vietnamese Bun Bo Hue) was just too soft in this dish. Combine that with the rich and creamy curry sauce and it was just too one dimensional. I liked the egg in it though and think that simple changes could have really improved this dish!We had coconut rice alongside these dishes and had mixed opinions. I personally liked it because the sweet and salty overtones of the rice balanced it well but, maybe it's a bit over hyped on the reviews.Overall, we really enjoyed this restaurant and would easily come back again. Definitely come later for lunch or earlier for dinner though because even coming at 2pm, we had to wait about 30 minutes. AND, it's also close to Lands End (~15 min) so, great for a weekend activity. Hiking + Burmese food = Great day!
Amazing worth the wait. Green beans, garlic noodles, spicy chicken, tea salad and samusas. Amazinggggg would definitely come back. Put name in ahead of time and then come back. Typical wait hour 20. Not large place so I don't recommend groups.
Man, gets me every time! This place is fantastic. The samosas should be illegal. Their lunch specials are very good too. The chicken basil was worth every penny.
Great food and location, but a tad overpriced for what you get. This place has great flavors reminiscent of both Indian and Thai cuisine. Fried calamari appetizer: BVery standard, but the portion size and the dipping sauce really saved the day.Mint with ground lamb: A+Best dish by far. Pungent gaminess of the lamb went incredibly well with the mint. Cooked to perfection, and tasted amazing over the coconut rice.Spicy beef with tofu and vegetables (stir fried): BThis was a very traditional stir fry, much like something you would cook in any Asian household. Tasted great, but was not wowed.Overall, this place has its strengths and weaknesses. It was surprisingly crowded, but I feel flavors and dishes of this place are very Americanized. The portions are great, but the bill was pretty high.
tea leaf salad is worth the trip.Service could improve, but overall not bad.
With more than 3,700 Yelp reviews, there's probably nothing new to say about Burma Superstar. So I'll be quick:Service: Fantastic. Cute, friendly serving staff who are attentive and pleasant from beginning to endDecor/Ambience: Modern yet simple, casual attire encouraged though summer dresses wouldn't be out of place, and a lively buzz that is never too loud for you to hear yourselfFood: Hit and miss, with an overall tendency toward a little too much oil- Garlic noodles: No garlic flavor, a disturbing amount of sweetness and far too much oil. However, the noodles were the definition of al dente- Fried rice with lentils: A tad oily, but the lentils were abundant and the rice chewy- Burma curry with beef: The favorite of the table. Fragrant, flavorful and tender- Tofu with okra: Good choice for vegetarians--the okra was a bit overcooked, but the entire stir-fry was light and refreshing (though maybe a bit oily)- Tea leaf salad: Above average compared to others I've had but not life-changing
HOT TIP- Come here on a Monday or Tuesday to avoid the long lines (Thursday-Sunday)Ordered the Tea Leaf salad, couple entrees, and the lychee iced tea. The food was delicious. However, the lychee iced tea was kind of bland.. I will definitely come back!
Coconut rice good bye low cab diet hello obesity. I have to admit I ate all the stray grains of rice on huge table
That fucking chicken noodle soup is just about the best thing I ever tasted in my whole meaningless, pitiful life. I would go all the way back across the country just to get as many quarts as I possibly could of this insanely incredibly delicious god damn soup. God damn that soup is good. Tea leaf salad, obviously. They're known for that dish and it's also crazy delicious -- lots of awesome nut/seed flavor and fermented tea leaves whaaaat? Eye. Heart. Lemon. Walnut shrimp. Sweet, fatty, yes. Anything else I've had there (that I have room for when I'm done with the chicken noodle soup) has been wonderful. BYOB. I think we all know how I feel about BYOBs. If you don't know me personally, I give BYOB's a star just for not having a liquor license and being awesome about it. This place is an absolute must you have to go to. Soup. I feel slightly overwhelmed with love right now and I haven't even just eaten that dish.
This was my first time trying Burmese food. I met up with a friend who is Burmese to try this place. So I'll just say this first, if it weren't for my friend I wouldn't know what was authentic or not. Actually if I were here on my own I and after eating I would honestly give this place 5 stars. When you get there you need to give your name and number. I noticed a lot of people just put down their name and then come back an hour later. Well, we just waited outside for like 1hr+ just to get a table. It was frustrating waiting while the delicious fumes where wafting our way. The nice thing though is that they offer some Jasmine tea while you wait outside. Here's what we ordered:Burmese SamusasTea Leaf SaladBurmese Style Curry BeefMoh HingaNan Gyi DokShan NoodlesI thought the Tea Leaf Salad was pretty good. The tea leaves gave it an interesting flavor. I wouldn't go crazy over this dish or crave it though, but nice to try at least once. I've had Indian samosas before, and the Burmese ones are similar but slightly different. I gotta say that I prefer the Indian ones though. My dish was the beef curry, which was very flavorful and delicious. I had it with some coconut rice which was also yummy. However, my friend said the other dishes were bad/so-so. A little tip if you're not liking the Moh Hinga, add some more lemon and fish sauce. I don't think I would come back to sit down and eat, but maybe just get an order to-go.
This place is on the list of "must-eat" when your friends are visiting from out of town. It's best consumed as family style, so make sure those friends have a good palate. Your experience should start with one of two salads: the tea leaf salad or the rainbow salad. Both will make you tell every table member how much you love it (more than once), but I lean toward the rainbow salad. For two people, you can order two more items after the salad and be stuffed. For 4 people, make that 3 more. My top 3 are as follows: 1) Nan Pia Dok 2) Pork Curry with Potatoes and 3) Vegetarian Samusa Soup. A salad plus these three dishes and you're going to sound like Meg Ryan in "When Harry Met Sally." Also, the service is exceptional. They mix the salads in front of you, they pour each table member a bowl of the soup, and when they see a table with an empty plate or drink, they act on it. There is always a wait, but they get your phone number to contact you, so you can post up at the crepe shop across the street. Yummy, but that's for another review.
My bf and I went on a weekday for lunch so the wait was just 10/15minutes. We shared the tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew and nan pia dok! All amazing dishes, we were so full but finished everything clean :) I love all the curry and rich flavors. I wish they would open one in LA or SD so everyone can experience their awesomeness.
I thought it might be exaggerated till I ate there.. OMG.. This magic tea leaf salad.. yummy chicken dish.. Honestly, you may need to wait on the line since they do not except reservations, but it worth every minute at the door. BTW, we have learned at the door that if you call, they write your name on the list and tell you approximate waiting time (it is accrued.) so you can be there till that time. ;)Honestly, I am surprised, and since we have been there, I am just looking forward to be there back!!
Probably my number one restaurant in SF so far. I have never tried anything so exotic and pleasant on the palette. If you are looking for something different and unique, Burma Superstar is the place. Perfect for meat and veggie lovers alike, this small, but homely restaurant, is worth waiting in line for. Expect nice and cheerful servers and flavors that are the bomb. My must have dishes are: Coconut rice, Shrimp Pumpkin Curry, Rainbow Salad, Samosas (veggie or chicken), chicken coconut noodle soup, cinnamon rice chicken and shrimp casserole, and a ginger lemonade. And don't forget dessert! They have some delicious flowerless chocolate cake and addicting coconut ice cream. The ONLY thing that I was not too crazy about was the samosa soup; too sour for my taste. Hope to come back soon, Burma.
I can't believe in haven't written a review yet. LOVE this place and it is worth the long line. The tea leaf salad is a MUST (at least try it once). The pork curry with coconut rice is fantastic, any of the shrimp dishes are always wonderful, and the red sangria is amazing. You can never go wrong here, and if you don't know what to order on their extensive menu just ask for recommendations.They deserve 5 stars based solely on their food, but I'm giving a 4 because sometimes their customer service sucks. I've gotten take out several times (I know, it's not the same), and the host/hostess have been incredibly rude on multiple occasions.
3.5 stars: 3 for food, .5 for creativity.I get it, Burmese food is unique. It's different. It's "fusion". It's really not THAT crazy though. Certainly not worth waiting 2, 3 hours for.Call them before you come to find out wait time and put your name on the wait list. This saved me about 30 minutes. Tea leaf salad that everyone raves about is definitely different but I could not stomach it. The fermented tea had a really weird manure-like scent. I know people go crazy for it, so eat at your own risk. Personally, I think the mango salad was much better. It had fried onions and lots of flavor. Wash it down with some ginger lemonade. Quite the kick! For main courses, we sampled the catfish curry and the pumpkin pork stew. Both tasted like something a burmese grandmother would cook. They were tasty but presentation was soupy and bland. The fish was fried and doused in a flavorful, thick, sour tomato sauce. The pork was stewed meat with large pieces of pumpkin.Everything was pretty good, nothing was so mind-blowing that I would go crazy out of my way for.
Bf's cousin R took us here because it is one of his favorite places in the city. I love going where the locals go. We went on a Thursday night, and R was a little surprised that we didn't have to wait long for a table (just until he parked the car). In the meantime, I sipped on some complimentary hot tea outside.Inside, they really pack you in, but it's cozy rather than cluttered. R already knew two of the dishes we were having: Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup. Both hit the spot! The salad is flavorful and colofrul, and so is that soup. Other dishes we decided to try and loved: Garlic Noodles with Duck and Mint Chicken. Also hits! The chicken was a little spicy for me, but I could still handle a couple bites. Plus, I really wanted that duck.For dessert, we ordered the Flourless Ginger Chocolate Cake and some ice cream dish with bubble tea balls and other assorted things. Both were good! The ice cream was better if I had to choose. All in all, an amazing meal that left us all full and super duper happy.
I will always get the Tea Leaf Salad and I'll always prefer to go to this restaurant with a group of 4-6 people, I can't not have everything I've already tasted and I can't wait to taste more!THE FOOD:Tea Leaf Salad with romaine lettuce, fried yellow beans, fried garlic, sesame seeds, fresh tomatoes, jalapenos - you know in the first bite why it's a signature dish, and you know you'll order it EVERY timeSamusa Soup with samusas, broken up falafels, lentils, cabbage, and onions - another signature dish, another round of great tastesCoconut Rice aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with fried onions - cooked to perfectionPumpkin Shrimp stew slow cooked with kabocha squash and ginger - very generous portion and so beautifully cooked, although I might have added a little heat myselfSteak Kebat wok tossed steak cooked with onions, tomatoes, green chilies, and mint leaves - great steak and complementary flavors, generous portionIf I had to trade something out to try more of the menu... maybe switch out the steak, maybe get the samusa soup for two i.e. "to taste"FYI the ginger lemonade was definitely homemade, don't miss this if you're a lemonade loverOTHER:Water - they refilled regularlyWebsite - easy to navigate, menus all prominent and close to but not exactly matching the table menusService - the place was packed, as it obviously is every night, and still everyone was friendly and helpfulTapas - the portions are all quite large, if you like to share several dishes then you want to bring several friendsValue - good prices for great food, this is definitely an excellent value mealThey do not take reservations so plan on a 30-45 minute wait standing outside the restaurant. First taste and you'll agree that it's worth the wait!
Maybe we ordered the wrong entree, but the salad and soup did not taste good at all. I read a lot of previous reviews and thought it was going to be great- It was very disappointing to come to a hyped place and turns out the meal isn't as good as you expected. The salad was whatever's and the soup was way too chunky and salty. At least the lychee mojitos were good. The service was very fast and the waiters were very attentive. There is a long line- I came 10 minutes before it opened so I didn't have to wait long but people started crowding up as it turned 5. I would not recommend this place, but maybe I just ordered the wrong things.
Ordered:Catfish chowder: My favorite thing to order here. It's just delicious. It's the perfect thing to eat on a cold day in San Francisco. The catfish, noodles, nuts, and egg fit together so well. Every bite gets better than the last.The lea leaf salad and garlic noodles are also really, really good. Service: Our waitress was really sweet. She refilled our water a bunch of times and checked up on us periodically. If you haven't had Burmese food, come here and try it! This restaurant is always super packed so make sure to make reservations.
No wonder this place is A SUPERSTAR! #Mya- Tea Leaf salad (10/10)- Samosas (8/10) kinda like a fluffier Indian samosa.- Lamb Curry (10/10) - kinda like Indian curry. my fav out of all the dishes I tried.- Ox tail (8/10)- Beef Stew (8/10)- They have 18 oz of Chimay White for 16 bucks.All of the above cost about 140 bucks with 20% tip.Parking is fairly easy to come by on a Saturday at 12:30pm.and most importantly, the service was fantastic.A++++++++
Tried their basil chicken and chili lamb - really tender, quality meat and flavorful food! Also tried their platha for apps - it was yummy but wouldn't go out of my way to order that - nice to try once.
Busy place.
Delicious, delicious, delicious. I was a fan of the Oakland location, I was a fan of this one.Five stars, despite bad parking and ridiculous wait-times on weekends. Put your name in, drive home, shower, watch TV, return for your table. Seriously.
Dear god I think I have found food heaven. Delicious! Excellent Service! Quick to eat! (maybe not to be seated though as this place is tiny and in high demand-- but I will wait for great food!) and FYI, the location in Berkeley was just as fabulous as the location in SF!
I hate to review this place on Yelp, because it's so crowded. But it's worth all the hype.The Tea leaf salad and the Rainbow salad are can't miss. The Chicken dal is great.Always very happy even if there is a wait.
Nothing so special about it. Really I don't get it.
This is a small restaurant and there is always a line outside of this restaurant every time that I haven driven by. The last several time we decided to go elsewhere as I am very impatient and waiting for a table is dreadful for me. This time we called ahead. Although they do not take reservation, they will write your name on the wait list for you and give you an estimated time. We came at the time they had estimated and they called to let us know that the table will be ready in 5 min. We found street parking finally and made it when the table was ready. No standing in line or waiting outside in the wind for me! Great! Service: Good. Friendly, refilled water, checked on us once or twice, and packed our to go boxes for us. 4/5 starFood: 3.5/5 startea leaf salad: my favorite dish. The salad is refreshing and comes with all of the ingredients separated so that you can appreciate the number of ingredients (10 or so). The server pointed out all of the ingredients including lettuce, tomatoes, peanuts, fermented tea leaf (supposedly from Burma), fried garlic, lemon juice, sesame seeds and some other seeds I forget. The salad is unique and I really enjoy the various textures and flavors from all the ingredients.Samusa soup: the soup has a thicker and starchy consistency probably from the samusa and falafel. It was good and different from any soup that I have tried. The hubby and I joked that the idea of this soup may have derived from the attempt to best use 2nd day or left over samosa. Steak kebat: basic stir fried beef with onion and tomatoes. The beef was tender but I was hoping the dish would be more spicy.Pumpkin pork stew: tender pork and and sweet pumpkin. Good but too sweet for me.Coconut rice: subtle coconut flavor and slightly sweetened. Again, too sweet for my preference.The verdict: I am glad that I tried this restaurant since I have been wanting to try it for a long time. It's certainty not the best food that I have ever had and I don't think I will have cravings for anything that I have tried here. The menu is pretty extensive so I may try something else next time. Price wise, I agree with other yelpers that it's on the more expensive side for the type of food being served. I would give this restaurant an 3.5 star overall but since I can't, I rounded up.
my last trip to San Fran made me wanna move there. Part of it was for the food scene overall. Burma Superstar is partof that food scene that is oh so damn good. My friend who lives there knew that it was bananas to get seated so you basically know to a) go on a weeknight if possible b) putyour name in c) hang out at one of the local bars in the cool 'hood there and d) go with a group so you can basically eat every thing on the menu. My faves were: Rainbow salad. Looks pretty and tastes like a party in your mouth. Mango shrimp. Chicken dahl.BUrmese style friedrice. I think we got a few of the veggie dishes and they were all yummy too. I can't wait to go back!!!I took off a star mainly b/c of it just being so small and hard to get a seat. Also, I wasn't impressed by the hosts out front or the waiters inside. Probably b/c its so crazily busy and they can't exactly be super chipper or willing to explain the items.
Have you ever been to a restaurant where everyone seems to be savoring his or her food and you are the odd person out? Are my taste buds so out of whack or is this another one of those overhyped and overrated restaurants? The place was jamming at 6pm on a Wednesday evening and the crowd was mostly elegantly dressed hipsters. Here I am staring helplessly at the menu totally clueless as to what to order.Since I have not done Burmese before, I thought I should limit my choices to authentic Burmese fare. The tea leaf salad seemed to be a winner as I saw this on every table. A piece of advice to the older folks: You need good teeth to enjoy this or you better make sure you have your dentures with you! It looked like a regular plate of salad with mostly iceberg lettuce, fried garlic, sesame seeds and peanuts.... and other miscellaneous nuts that I didn't care to remember or identify. The tea leaf that everyone raved about looked like a glob of blended cooked spinach. It didn't have any real tea taste since it has gone through some fermentation process but it did add an interesting dimension of bittersweetness and pungency to the crunchy and nutty salad. My verdict: It was an interesting first time experience but I will not order it again.Okra Egg Curry - a Burmese style curry made with hard boiled eggs and okra. I did relish the first few bites and diminishing returns set in. I soon started liking it less and less. Hmmm.....Weird I thought! I fell in love with Thai and Indonesian curry almost instantly but I wasn't able to immediately appreciate the taste of Burmese curry. It wasn't the eggs or the okra (in all its sliminess) as I love them both. I concluded that it was the Burmese spices that I wasn't familiar with plus the spice level was too mild for my liking.Pork Curry with Potatoes - Pork was braised for hours until so tender you could dissect the meat with a fork. There were no arguments that this dish was hearty and flavorful and the potatoes were a good complement to the pork. For pork to be this flavorful, it had got to be fatty as the oil in the sauce already started to coagulate when the pork cooled down. Regardless, it was "artery clogging" good much like the braised pork belly.Coconut rice is common to every South East Asian country due to the abundance of coconuts in the region. Superstar's version was fluffy, fragrant and delightful and it went well with most of the entrees. The garlic noodles with tofu and broccoli were a little greasy and boring. It was garlicky all right but otherwise bland. If you have never tried Burmese food before, it may be a worthwhile culinary experience. It wasn't good enough for me to warrant a return visit when it meant having to fight the crowd and going through the hassle of parking.
Tea leaf salad was amazing... So many flavors and consistencies in every flavor popping bite! Pumpkin curry shrimp was out of this world amazing as well. Eggplant & mint chicken offered tasty variety, but the first two are must haves!!!
Came here for dinner with my family and ordered the tea leaf salad, Burmese soup (vegetarian), sticky fingers, salt and pepper calamari, lamb curry and catfish curry. The salad and soup was a great starter. The nuts in the salad added a nice crunch and texture. The soup has a slight kick in flavor. The sticky fingers short rib dish is a must order cooked with a sweet glaze. The sauce that came with the calamari was too tangy for my liking but I used the glaze from the short ribs and it was delicious. The lamb curry tasted great and the meat comes apart easily in your mouth but certain portions were a bit dry. The catfish curry flavor was different from the lamb. The catfish was lightly fried and I thought that was a nice touch. The service was attentive and swift, our glasses were never empty and always promptly refilled. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant but I wouldn't come back for the lamb, maybe I'll try the beef instead.
The day I finally got introduced to Burma Superstar was coincidentally enough, the same day they announced Aung San Suu Kyi was elected to parliament - an auspicious occasion which calls for a feast to celebrate! The visions I had of a jubilantly partying staff (yes, complete with cymbal banging and alcohol-fueled singing) turned out to be the furthest thing from the truth. Every single person we interacted with - from the hostess to the waitress to the guy who came to mix the tea leaf salad - exhibited a calm friendliness which I found (thankfully) contagious. For those unfamiliar with Burmese food (it is, to give a rough approximation, a mix of Indian, Chinese, and Thai flavors), do not fear. The patient staff was eager to explain dishes and I ended up changing my original order to that which the waitress suggested (pepper lamb) and boy was I happy that I did!We ordered the (veg) samusas, and the samusa soup (I wanted to try them separately, but next time would just go for the amazing soup), as well as their rightfully-famed tea leaf salad (what a medley of flavors as well as an all-too-often-missing non-croton crunch factor). The pepper lamb were small, tender, fried strips and not the least bit gamey, with just the right amount of spice to give it some heat - as well as a plethora of whole peppers which you could always use to tailor to your desired heat level. Between 2 of us, we ended up taking about half the lamb & fried rice to-go in the end. Come at (weekday) lunchtime for less wait (we sat immediately) or utilize their curbside takeout service (how freakin' gracious is THAT in a city where good parking seems rarer than a neo-con in the Castro?!) and get it to go. Burma Superstar, I will certainly be back!
Lives up the hype! The wait can sometimes be a bit long -- but if you call about 30 min ahead of time, they'll put you on the list. Score.Although it might seem like salad overkill to order both the tea salad AND the rainbow salad, do it! They're my 2 favorite things on the menu. We found the samusa soup very tasty, it was a bit heavy and felt like every possible ingredient was in this one soup. The stews warmed my soul and the noodles had great texture. Yum.
Always seen the line up in front of the place for years before I finally join the line up. Definitely worth the wait, which is really not that long,(roughly 10 minutes, on Saturday, which is way better than most brunch places.) with wonderful tasty food. The service is great and check back frequently. Would definitely recommend to try out.
Finally, my husband and I made it here on a Monday night after driving past it many times and making a mental note to check it out. For being a Monday night, I was surprised to see it so full but granted, it was also President's Day. We had a solid 20-30 minute wait as walk-ins but for a holiday, it wasn't bad at all. The door guy was quite nice and called us on our cell once a table was available. The restaurant is adorable with nice front windows and photography depicting Burmese life outfitting the walls. It's intimate but somehow doesn't feel too cramped and the noise level was average and pleasant enough to carry on a conversation. For a starter, we ordered the tea leaf salad per Yelp's reviews and wow, did it live up to the hype! It is just a wonderful savory, crunchy delight in your mouth! It's one of those salads you'll be craving, it's that good! On to the entree, the waiter, who's name started with a K, seemed completely bemused by humoring my question about what vegetarian dishes he would recommend. He acted a bit impatient as if my question was completely a waste of his time. He pointed to two dishes on the menu, the tofu curry and the tofu vegetable kebat. No "It's really good" or "go with this one if you're looking for this..." kind of banter was offered...Rather, he stated these two dishes by name and that was that.  Um, okay....moving on. I decided to go with the tofu vegetable kebat. First bite in of the tofu vegetable kebat...my heart sank. It was just terrible. Bland, the sauce grainy in texture and just not good....the tofu was hard and chewy and didn't soak up one bit of the flavor of the sauce (not that I'd want it to in this case) as tofu is intended to do. The green beans were obviously frozen bc they had that consistency that only frozen green beans have. No doubt about it. It's like they were thrown in as an afterthought bc the sauce was not infused at all into anything but the stewy tomatoes.  My husband saw my dejected expression and took a bite of the kebat. I asked him if it was as bad as I thought and he didn't say a word...And this man will eat anything! He finally volunteered, "Yeah, it's not amazing.." and suggested I order something else. He proceeded to devour his pumpkin pork stew as I nibbled at the delicious coconut rice and lusted after the table across the room's delicious looking noodle hot soup thing. If I had not been completely starving, I probably would not have felt so disappointed. Yet, even then, I couldn't force myself to eat this dish.  I have not been so disappointed in a meal since I ordered room service from the budget Travelodge hotel in England a couple of weeks ago. Yeah, it was that bad. I decided not to order anything else due to the time and the rather pricey cost of our dinner thus far. To top it off, our waiter didn't follow up with us even once! A nice lady brought out our food each time and another guy topped off our drinks. Our waiter did top off our drinks finally toward the end of our meal but he still never acknowledged us as he did so. I feel any tip we left was earned by the gal who actually served us since in all honestly, she did most of the work by preparing our salad table side, asking us if we were first time patrons, explained the contents of the salad, and then proceeded to bring us our entrees. The other guy. Meh. I'll go back for that salad despite it all and next time, I'll seek the suggestions of trusty Yelpers for my entree versus seeking the advice from that jaded waiter who's name starts with a K.
Awesome spot if your searching to expand your food knowledge!The meal and the whole experience was perfect!Highly Recommend it!
OMG! The food here is amazing! So much so it more than makes up for the slight inconvenience of the wait time frequently being 45min - 1hr for a table and the fact that they don't taking reservations. I have never once been seated in less than 30mins, but to be fair, the host/hostess usually over estimates the time slightly and, though you are told the wait will be 1hr, your table will likely be ready in 30-40min. Also, they are happy to take your phone number and call you when your table is ready. I always wait across the street at the Blue Danube Coffee House. yelp.com/biz/blue-danube Every time I have had someone visit me in California I have taken them to Burma Superstar, and not once has it been less than exquisite. The Tea Leaf Salad is my favorite, and is a must try on any culinary tour of SF.
A solid 4 1/2 stars.The rainbow salad is delicious and really does consist of 22 ingredients. Your server will bring your dish to your table and mix them together right in front of you while listing them all. It's light, fresh and completely flavorful. A must, unless you're already ordering the equally delicious tea leaf salad.The garlic noodles with duck meat were, as my dining companion Jamie N. puts it, rather disappointing. Flavorless duck over greasy noodles... Definitely not worth ordering. However, as a side dish, I won't put it too harshly against the place. The chicken samusas, however, were perfectly crisp, lightly fried puffs with buttery smooth centers with a delicate house dipping sauce. The sauce isn't quite needed, but oh my gosh these were delicious. Downfalls:*Longest. wait. ever. We waited around 40-60 minutes on a Tuesday evening.*Small venuePluses:The rainbow saladSamusas!Tea leaf salad (From another occasion)AND THE SERVICE. Such wonderful people, really.
Similar to its twin B Star, this place offers some great Burmese food. The problem however is that the place fills up faster than a public swimming pool on a hot ghetto day.The dishes are fairly standard for Southern Asian cuisine. I recommend the noodles and any dish with curry like substances.Going during the day for lunch may better serve you as parking tends to be more tame and the lines are manageable. Going at night is just ridiculous especially if you choose to go on a Friday or Saturday night for dinner. You'll be competing with college students, graduate students, tourists, visitors of SF family, and grandma/grandpa alike. Expect a wait that could be compared to getting free tickets to a Tom Petty concert back in the 1990s.
My vegetarian favorites:Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup - you HAVE to get these two things, no matter what. They're packed with incredible flavors and you just can't get enough of it.Platha and Dip - can't go wrong with a super buttery bread with a delicious dipping sauce.Superstar Vegetarian Noodles - served at room temp. They're spicy!!Sesame Tofu - tangy, sweet and crispy.Dried Friend String Beans - superb garlic chili sauce.
Servers gave us the wrong drinks and brought 2 dishes that weren't ours to our table. Our neighbors also got the wrong dishes. The server proceeded in taking away the half-eaten dishes that weren't ours. Seriously? They obviously had no idea what they were doing. Also, they bring the food way too quickly and asked if my check was all set seconds after they bring it. It is never cool to rush your guests. All in all the food was OK. PLEASE do yourself a favor - go to MANDALAY on 6th and Cali instead. WAY better food and service.
It was good.Called ahead and put our name on the waitlist, which was at an hour.Showed up an hour later, waited a few minutes outside, and then we were in at a table. Pretty easy!The food was good. But, it wasn't something that I was "OMG, I WANT YOU IN MY MOUTH EVERYDAY PLEASE" good.I'd come back, sure, but probably not for awhile.On a side note, both me AND my companion have nut allergies. The server was very keen to make sure we didn't get poisoned- which is always a plus :)
This place was phenomenal. My business partner suggested it when I asked to go to a local place that wasn't a chain and that we couldn't get in Southwest Florida.  The food (specifically the salads) were amazing. I am a large man who rarely eats salads- but would have these all over again.The only downside is that the restaurant is LOUD.
Maybe we were just unlucky, or my taste buds do not agree with those of several thousand people, but I found my meal here to be pretty underwhelming. This felt even more so due to how publicized this place is and how it seems to be always full. I did enjoy the nice warm tea outside while waiting though. We ordered a tea leaf salad, coconut rice, and curry catfish. The tea leaf salad certainly looked nice, and it was pretty neat how our waitress pointed out all the ingredients before mixing it together for us at the table. And it was quite good at first. But as I ate it, I realized that it was definitely overly salty and greasy--and for a salad, no less! The tea leaf flavor was there, but instead of feeling healthy I felt like I just ingested several spoonfuls of salt at the end and pretty much emptied out my water. The coconut rice was nice, since it was fruity but not too overwhelming. The catfish wasn't the best though--ours was mostly bones and not a lot of meat, and the curry wasn't anything too special. The meal really wasn't that bad overall, but being so pricey I expected something of better quality. Overall I don't think it's worth another visit for me.
I came here twice, once for the bf's birthday and another for Valentine's. Burmese food is like a fusion of Thai and Indian. It opens at 5:00pm, but you should be safe if you get there by 5:30. I've heard of people that waited two hours to get seated, so plan accordingly! They have electric heaters and hot tea outside so you're warm while waiting. How nice :)The food is amazeballs. I love their samusa soup, especially the samosa inside. But their tea leaf salad is a MUST TRY; we're obsessed with it. The ingredients are separated at first and they mix it throughly in front of you. All the flavors harmonize in your mouth and you'll experience a saladgasm. Oh, and I am in looove with their coconut rice. It doesn't have an overpowering coconut flavor. It's very subtle and goes perfectly with any entree.They have great service. They have good recommendations for you, make sure you're enjoying the meal, and never let your water cup become empty.The ambiance is very comfortable and casual. When we went here for Valentine's Day, there were so many couples that came in - it was so cute to see! It seemed that all the men knew their seating etiquette when dining with their lady. (If you didn't know, you seat your lady facing into the restaurant so that way she gets the more interesting view. Men face toward the wall hehe!)
Overrated: some dishes were good, some not so greatGot here around 5:30p and was seated within about 40-45 mins. Service is slow, there was literally one waiter. Yummy dishes: tea leaf salad: like many others have, I highly recommend it. Refreshing, tasty, and you get a small crunch with every bite. noodle salad: the name says it all, thin noodle with thinly sliced cabbage and some other veggies. The sauce was delectable and was a nice combo of sweet, salty, and creamy. Unappetizing dishes: coconut rice: nothing special, tastes practically like regular jasmine rice. Got it to go with the beef curry. beef curry: the meat was kind of tough and seemed like it should have been cooked down longer (maybe this is the Burmese way??). The curry sauce didn't have a very strong curry smell or spiciness. classic Burmese chicken & shrimp casserole: the least appetizing of the bunch. The long-grain rice was undercooked. The chicken was dry and tasteless. The shrimp was grilled and the best thing in this dish though could have been salted. The sauce needed more umph and leaves you wondering what flavors they were going for - it had a lot spices but nothing stood out and needed more of them and needed more salt. After the first bite, I really didn't want more.
First time going to Burma Superstar, and it did not disappoint.Going in, I knew there would be a lengthy wait for a Friday night. Anticipating this, we put our name in and walked down the street, where there is a number of different bars that you could pop into for a pre-dinner cocktail.After a 2 hour wait, we were seated. It's a small restaurant with very close tables, so don't expect to have a completely isolated dining experience.The tea leaf salad was unlike any other salad I've had before, but I'd stop short of saying it was amazing. It was unique and pretty tasty, but certainly not something I would crave. Still a cool presentation and worth ordering. You can pass on the samosas appetizers - they were pretty bland and forgettable.Where Burma Superstar really shined was their dinner service - the basil Chicken and Nan Pia Dok were both really, really good. Definitely order coconut rice - it's the best rice I've ever had.Back to the service - both our server, along with another server (Kent) gave great recommendations and genuinely made sure everything was to our liking. They also went above and beyond. The hostess, Kelly, even comped us desert as an apology for the long wait, while Kent brought in a small side of a dish I mentioned I wanted to try on my next visit! It showed how passionate they are about the food and about making sure you have a great experience.Good things come to those who wait! Be patient and prepare to enjoy a delicious meal!
Burmese food at its best in San Francisco!! The first time we visited Burma Super Star was in September 2014. Reading the reviews we knew that this was a place to visit and we made sure that we got it on our list of restaurants to eat it. It was my first time at Burma Super Star along with my friends and the first impressions were that place was crowed, small and long waits( and I mean long!!!!!). We met quiet a few people outside that were regulars and had wonderful things to say about the food. The staff is courteous enough to accommodate you as soon as they find a table for you(or group). Even though the wait is long but the food is well worth it!! If you are impatient then I suggest you can place a take out order, which of course is not the same as eating there as the food is fresh...hot...crunchy and delicious!!The location we visited is on Clements Street in San Francisco. It's about 20 mins drive from Golden Gate Bridge. From the outside this place looks like your average Asian take out but as you go inside you will notice the seating which is simple and almost gives you that feeling that you are in Burma or any other Asian country where the table next to you is maybe inches away. They also have a communal table where you can sit next to complete strangers and enjoy your meal and talk about whatever the heck you feel like!!We order quiet a bit of food and everything was awesome. Here are a list of things we ordered :-1. Appetizer : fried yellow bean tofu with sweet chilli sauce2. Soup : Vegetarian Samusa soup- it's comfort food in a bowl!!!!! Yes it's that good!!!!3. Salad - Vegetarian tea leaf salad- this is their signature dish which has been featured on food network and have received rave review from all different places. But what I learned reading other blogs and talking to other foodies that the Tea leaf salad doesn't have lettuce in it!!! Burma super star has put their own spin this by add lettuces which compliments the ingredients in the salad!!4. Curry - Vegetable curry delux-this is made with onions, okra, thai eggplant, squash, lentils and tofu . This dish reminded me of a mixed vegetable curry we get in India....very similar but heavy on the garlic and onions!!!5. Noodles - Superstar vegetarian noodles served at room temperature. 6. Rice - Coconut rice was tot die for!!! I recommend that you skip the regular rice and get this because it goes really well with anything you order or just by its self as well.So... After a long review.. I definitely recommend that you go try this place as the food is good the service is awesome and the wait is...well worth it!!
SuperStar! How I love you. Even After all these years, you still have my favorite lunch specials. So when I took a super late lunch, past cranky and a little light headed, I decided that I needed a splurge lunch. I haven't been to Burma SuperStar in over 5 years. Why? The incredibly large crowds and lines. I have a problem waiting for food, especially when I'm hungry. So I showed up for lunch at 2:30 p.m. and the place was on the empty side. LATE LUNCH, WIN.I ordered a Singha and sat in the window seat as I pretended I cared about ordering anything else. I become a creature of habit and like the same dishes. I ordered the Spicy Chicken Basil over Fried Rice and the Tea Leaf Salad with fish sauce. Those might be everyone else's favorite too, but this is my review. The waitress Fanny was really nice. We talked a bit about the food, how long it had been since I worked around there and how a good lunch can put a smile on your face. The Chef came over with my tea leaf salad and tossed it table side. As busy and crowded as they may be sometimes, the food and service is incredible. I hope next time it won't take me so long to come back.
Maybe I had high expectation because everybody keep telling me how good it is, but for me I think it's good, just not that great ;) Still worth trying
It's worth waiting for 45min to get in. The food was great and authentic. We didn't try the famous tea leaf salad, but was satisfied with our order. Highly recommend Burmese style curry with shrimp and coconut rice. The staffs were very nice and attentive. Be aware of the long queue, especially during the weekend. Parking is usually hard to find on the busy Clement street.
I'm tempted to give this place 1 star just so you don't go here, but who am I kidding there is no resisting Burma Superstar. From the tea leaf salad, the samusa soup, to the coconut rice, and rich yellow curries you cannot go wrong here. Let your stomach do the ordering and you will not be disappointing!P.S. Come early, the lines are cray-z.
Yesterday was the first time we visited the restaurant. The food is really good and wished I can try all of them. Some of my favorites: plantha appetizer is a hit, superstar noodle is also really good. Tea leaf salad is good but didn't blow me away. We also ordered curry noodles based on the yelp suggestions but I was not impressed. But overall it was a good meal and definitely go there again
A little pricey and they have a bit of an ego - but it is understandable. The food is amazing. The Tea Leaf Salad is the best!
Long wait on the weekends.The tea leaf salad is really good. I honestly can't remember what else we ordered, but it was good. Clearly not as memorable as the tea leaf salad though.
I am a food connoisseur and I LOVE this place. You can't get good burmese food in the L.A area. MUST MUST get the tea leaf salad! It's an explosion of flavors in your mouth. We also got the pork belly stir fry. BOMB. Catfish curry was good but we were warned it had tiny bones and to watch out for them. The place is tiny and of course always a wait. I always crave the salad when I think about it. Can't wait to be back in the bay!
This place has so many great reviews that we decided to bear the cold and wait in line for dinner. And yes, great food, a lot has been said about it and I can't think of anything clever to say.Wish they would take reservations... on second thought, it would be impossible to eat there then. Ah well, just suck it up and go wait for an hour. Parking is a b*** too, but you knew that.Pro tip : Go to the place across the street for drinks after putting in your name. Makes the food taste much better.
I have recently discovered Burma Superstar and I am most definitely a fan. I just haven't tasted flavor combinations quite like this before. I recommend:the tea leaf salad - delicious and so rich in flavor!samusas - veggie ones are delectable - worth it to get two plates of themmiso cod on egg noodles - not a fishy texture - just light and fresh! green plate - so many unique and yummy vegetableshomemade sodas - tamarind hibiscus one is a bitter, tasty experience in your mouth - great combo with the foodchocolate cake - also just perfect! It gets really busy in this restaurant, so sometimes service is not incredibly attentive... but, the servers are really pleasant and patient (and cute, too!).
Don't get confused from the lane in front of the restaurant, it is very efficient and you get quickly a seat. The food is extraordinary delicious - ein "Trumchen"
Love the food, I have many favorites, especialcally the mango chicken. Fast service and they are accommodating for special diet requests.
Our samusa soup for $11 was delish - slightly tart was a great start to our meal. We split the the Burmese Shrimp Curry which was really well made - but it's something that I prepare at home. Rice for 2 at $5.50 was a bit of a shocker. Service was amazingly warm and fluid despite the restaurant filling up the minute it opened. Prices are a tad bit higher than other Burmese restaurants but there is very little to complain about
The Richmond location is much better than the Berkeley location. The sticky fingers (bone in pork riblets with caramelized sweet garlic wine soy glaze is amazing). It's tender and falls off the bone - they don't have this delicious treat at the Berkeley location. I was so disappointed!Otherwise, the food, service and general buzz is solid!
Why are there lines here? Why does everyone keep saying this place is so fantastic? Crowded. Gross. Dirty. Food not so great. Burmese food is not so rare in SF. If you want great Burmese food and a better ambience, in a clean establishment, with caring servers- walk a few blocks to Mandalay.
When you walk up and see the giant list to put your name down, you might be dissuaded from having Burmese food that day after all. Particularly if you're hungry. Wait it out- it goes faster than you think.We were seated at a large, round, communal dining table toward the back, where an older Asian trio was already dining. I'm not a fan of communal dining but it wasn't a big deal at all and sitting here got us seated half an hour earlier than waiting for our own table.Our lunch:Tea Leaf Salad- had to get this, was decently surprised by the quality. Fully expected to either avoid or dislike the dried shrimp and jalapenos, but the dish was so well balanced that everything harmonized perfectly. Every little ingredient was matched with another that prevented it from overpowering the palate.Burmese Curry, Lamb- Giant bowl, good for sharing. Tender hunks of lamb, flavorful sauce. Didn't blow my mind, but was hearty and comforting.Garlic noodles with bbq pork/duck- I'm a huge fan of garlic noodles and was pleasantly surprised by this dish. Wasn't as balanced as others we had, but portion was large and the variety of ingredients worked well together (noodles, sauce, cucumber, pork/duck) to balance out the spice of our curry dishes.Catfish curry- HIGHLIGHT of our visit. BF suggested this as we placed our order, and I added it on but felt a second curry would be a bit redundant for our meal, or at the very least that the fish would be soggy and falling apart in a curry, making it more like a soup.Wrong, wrong, wrong. This dish was stellar. Crispy fried bricks of catfish, sitting in a thick tomato-based curry sauce, and topped with sliced jalapenos? Pure perfection. Again, well balanced, and textually riveting, the fried fish was stellar and the sauce was on point. Would order this again.Coconut rice- got two sides of the rice to eat with the curry. Definitely take a few bites of it alone, the slightly sweet taste can get missed in a mouthful of curry, or mistaken for the flavor of another dish. I have no doubt that I could eat my weight in this rice, happily.TLDR version: Get the tea leaf salad and the catfish curry, they're both well balanced, have a variety of textures, and above all, are delicious. Worth the wait.
Great food. Beware: Very small restaurant. Big groups should arrive early and expect not to sit together.
A fellow New Englander once told me a story how Californian's or transplants will line up for anything. He proved this to me by standing in an empty non-lit up cash register line at Safeway for 5 minutes, and slowly, more then 1/2 a dozen folks lined up right behind him.Burma Superstar is one of those local "chains" folks love enough to stand in line for an hour for. The "buzz" about Burma Superstar has the hauntingly familiar "zombie line" just like San Tung does in the Inner Sunset District. It's as if there are some bragging rights that enable a false sense of privilege or entitlement just by saying you ate there. Perhaps I am not in the correct social circle, or misunderstand some sub-cultural perspective on paying allot for mediocre food. Perhaps my 20 year residency has disillusioned me by amazing variety and selection of actual great restaurants one can go to for under $60 for 2 people. Burma Superstar lacks in this respect.Perhaps there is some secret to enjoying the food enough to deal with the noise, line, poor service, and prices, but I just don't see, or taste it. There are at least 3 other Burmese restaurants in SF that are far superior to Burma Super Zombie.Mrrrrrrrrrrh?
OMG the tea leaf salad. I know that's what everyone writes about but it turns out there's a good reason for that - it's awesome. The rest of our lunch was fantastic as well though - we spent the rest of the day walking it of! Definitely worth the wait.
This place is okay to me. Came here on a rainy day during lunch and was pleased to find that there was no line or wait. (I came here for dinner once and almost waited an hour and a half, so beware: timing is essential)This time, I went ahead and decided to give the tea leaf salad another try, but similar to the first time, it wasn't that great. It was good, but not really filling and delicious. Though, it does have an interesting bitter taste that I never really get with my salads.I also tried the cat fish noodle soup, which was pretty good. I would order this dish again, but it tasted like the Vietnamese dish, Bun Bo Hue; which is usually half the price and double the size of this cat fish noodle soup. And if you aren't already familiar with this dish, it's a tomato based broth with spices in it.I think overall my favorite item of the meal was the coconut rice, which I thought would compliment the soup (but didn't), so it became a dessert kind of thing for my friend and I. It reminds me of the Vietnamese coconut rice desserts that you can buy, or the Thai dessert banana with sticky rice.Overall, this place is just decent because it's pretty much just overpriced for food that I can get else where.
Please is over rated. It is like going to PF Changs when you can get the same thing from your local chinese restaurant. I agree with some of the 2 3 star reviews that you can order most of theses dishes at a restaurant that is less crowded and munch cheaper and taste just as good or even better.
The food was so good as usual. RaInbow salad and mango chicken were both very tasty. The service was good, however there was a problem with the coconut rice. They had to redo the batch, and we didn't get the word until our entrees were sitting there waiting for rice. We ended up ordering jasmine rice instead. Overall a good experience. :)
Amazing blend of Southeast Asian influences! The curries are spicy and flavorful, and the chicken was delicious. Can't wait to go again the next time I'm in the Bay Area.
went with friends and we had...Tea Leaf Salad-so fresh and different! my friends all love it because of the interesting flavor.Spicy And Crispy Chicken-i loved it!! seriously! the fried part is really crispy and not too thick and the sauce is just right!Pumpkin Pork Stew-pumpkin is soft and so was the pork. my fav as well.i thought their dessert was an ok compare to their dishes, but i like the coconut puree(?) compare to the other one.great service as well!
The food is okay, nothing special. We went to the place for lunch. The waitress is inattentive. It took a long time to take orders and bring us water. Then, the noodle dish did not show up for half a hour until we asked the waitress. We ended up running late.
We've lived all over, visited all of the world, and I can truly say Burma Superstar is my favorite restaurant. Worth the line on a cold, SF night -- hey, they give complimentary Golden Monkey tea while you wait! If you're adventurous, try everything. If you want a 'taste of Burma' but want to go the more traditional route definitely try the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa Soup and any of the vegetarian rice dishes. Don't go to SF without going to Burma Superstar.
Came here for lunch on our last visit to SF. From what I remember, there was limited parking in front, but we did not have to wait at all for a table & got seated right away.Everything was good & unique tasting. We ordered the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, a pork curry w/pumpkin dish, coconut rice, & PLATHA w/DIP. The platha w/dip was an unexpected surprise - really, really good! The rainbow salad had a slightly sour taste, but you get used to it after a couple bites.I still dream about eating here again one day, especially since we don't have any Burmese restaurants here in Hawaii.
Tea Leaf Salad is the only dish I found to be special from this place, but my family and got sick here when I were there last with this saiad so I now I am not sure if I should give it a try again. The service is friendly, and the price tends to go up faster than I can a blink of an eye.
Oh Burma Superstar, you own my tastebuds. The food is out of this world, and it's decently priced. Get the tea salad, I crave it. I'm not kidding, I may go for lunch today just because I'm writing this review. It's in the Richmond and there is plenty of other places to go on the street if you have to wait for a table. One time I waited 2 hours for dinner and another time for lunch I waited 5 minutes. The only thing I don't like is feeling a little rushed, but it's because they have so many people waiting. I would recommend going for lunch, it's more relaxed. I've never not seen a line out the door though.
Good food, friendly service, and an overall positive experience. The food is fresh and very tasty. I'd go so far as to say there isn't really a bad dish on the menu as long as you like the ingredients. I always make sure to get the coconut juice (in coconut) and the Tea Leaf Salad.Negatives: The food is rather expensive and there is almost always a wait as they don't let you make reservations. The restaurant itself is on the smaller side and it gets very loud inside. If you're looking for a quiet romantic dinner, this isn't the place
Awesome!! This is one of the very few places in SF which justifies the [almost certain] hour long wait time. Do not miss the tea leaf salad. It is a phenomenon! Like Christmas in the mouth [So Yumm!] Not to mention the Samusa soup, platha dip, Okra egg curry to name a few. Definitely go on an empty stomach! TIPS: We generally spend the wait time at an Irish bar on Clement called Plough and the Stars. Will write a review separately for this place ;] Also, the employees suggest going to B-Star, saying it is almost the same as Burma SuperStar. Well, almost.. but the menu does not include everything. They generally don't take reservations. However, you can call in and give your name to save some time.
Get the green tea leaf salad!mm, those curries and stews too are so delicious, you won't regret it!!
It's hard to believe that it has been nearly 20 years since I first visited Burma Superstar on Clement Street -- the well worn interior attests to the longevity of this restaurant, but the food is still solid and consistently delicious. If you haven't ever been - try the tea leaf salad, it really is awesome. My other favorites include the sesame tofu, fiery tofu, pea shoots and dry braised green beans. The coconut rice is delicious - and don't worry about ordering too much food - you can always pack it "to go" and have it for dinner or breakfast later.This location is in a pretty busy commercial area, so parking can be a bit challenging. It is not too far from Golden Gate Park - so makes a convenient pre- or post- meal if you are going to the DeYoung/CalAcademy or even the other way to the Legion of Honor. Excellent food and service.
I'm not a huge fan of super ethnic foods so perhaps that's why I did not fall in love with this place. The wait was absurd. It was super crowded. The staff seemed overwhelmed but they were trying. The people in my party seemed to enjoy their food. I didn't care for the unfamiliar tastes/ spices. I tried multiple items and nothing stood out for me.
This place is amazing! Everything from the service to the cuisine was to die. We called in and put our name on the list. When we got there we got sat right away. Our server, Kenneth, was a G. Literally was a gangster. His recommendations were on point and he made us laugh the whole time. We started off with the tea leaf salad which was the perfect amount of freshness and texture to get our appetite going. Then we got the lamb samusa's which were rich, crispy and so delish. Then we got the mint chicken with coconut rice. The perfect mixture of sweet and spicy! Definitely coming back here!
I had heard much rave about Burma superstar and was surprised at how dark and non-casual it was inside, yet it was casual because there was so many types of people. Some were on dates, others were meeting up after work, some were there with friends or family.  I didn't have to wait a long time to get in which made my experience a bit more delightful! I sat at the communal table with other strangers and found it to be an efficient way to get people in the door who are serious about eating and not so much the ambiance of dining out.I tried the rainbow salad and the tea leaf salad, they were both REALLY good! I liked that they show you all the individual ingredients on the plate before they mix it up right in front of you. I also had the chili lamb and pumpkin shrimp and garlic noodles.The garlic noodles were not impressive but the chili lamb was very good-lots of spice beware! The pumpkin shrimp was tasty but I'm not sure I will crave it or ever want it again. There were so many other attractive sounding dishes I wanted to order that it was kind of overwhelming. I definitely have to go back again.
So relieved! If this was a perfect 10, I would be spending a lot of time waiting in line.I recently ate Burmese food for the first time, at Burma Cafe in Daly City, and LOVE, LOVE, LOVED it! I now must have this food ALL the time. Blown away.So, we ventured to the holy grail of Bay Area Burmese food, Burma Superstar. We arrived at 4:40, made the first afternoon seating, and ordered away. The service was great. The wait staff was sweet, and looked like models - seriously...they were all beautiful. Big beer, right away. Great start.The food was good. Really good, but not as great as Burma Cafe. The tea leaf salad was a little oily, and not as flavorful as the only other tea leaf salad I've ever had, the fried tofu...blech, didn't even finish it. Hubby's Chinese - we've had a lot of bad, mediocre, and awesome fried tofu. Hubby poo poo'd the mint chicken dish. The coconut rice was nice. Overall, I get why people love this place, but we're going to continue our search elsewhere for the best of the best, and I'm relieved it isn't Burma Superstar, because I'm not a big fan of waiting in lines for hours.
There's not much I can say that hasn't been posted in reviews before. Burma Superstar was highly recommended by many of my friends, so I made sure I stopped by on my last trip to The Bay. The Tea Leaf salad is phenomenal. Let the waitstaff mix it up for you. I can't describe the unique taste, but it was certainly crunchy. Definitely a must. The Basil Chili Pork Belly was also a great decision. It's a spicy dish. Make sure to arrive early. I was third in line when I arrived 20 minutes before opening and it filled up rather quickly.
Rainbow Salad was decent. basil chicken, chicken dahl, samosa, and tea leaf salad were flavorless. I really don't know how you can have a salad with so many fermented products in it that had no flavor. Not even bad flavors. Just none. Nothing was seasoned. I'd give it another chance but I can't bring myself to waste anymore time or money.
I've been living in the Richmond for a few months now, so it was about time I tried this ultra-famous restaurant. I had previously avoided it and went to B-Star because I do not do 2-hour waits. Today, there was NO WAIT for 2 on a weeknight around 6 p.m. so my gf and I were in luck. We shared a Mango Salad and it was noting short of wonderful - 5 stars. Awesome consistency, great refreshing flavors, yum! The salad is huge and was enough for 4 to share as an ap. Then on to the main course:My friend had the Nan Gyi Dok -which consists of tender rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion. It was pleasant but nothing to write home about. When it came to entree - the Mint Chicken, it was awful. So bad that I had to ask to send it back. The dish was spicy (jalapenos and red chills) and I had no problem with the heat, however this minced meat dish was also very BITTER. I had my friend try it and she agreed that it was bad and encouraged me to return it. After I explained to the waiter that I could not eat the dish because of the bitterness, he gave me a look and took it away. The next man that came to refill our water gave us a mean look. I did not get an apology and the staff made me feel like I had done something awful. Needless to say, I don't understand why this place is SO amazing. I will probably continue going to B-Star as I actually like their setting and customer service better.
the wait can be EXTREMELY LONG, but they do have a system in which you can leave your phone number and they will call you once your table comes up. I would highly recommend coming at an off hour, asking how long the wait is for your party, and use that time to wander around. There's Cafe Danube, a great cafe across the street to sit, mingle and talk and there's Green Apple Books two blocks away.  I sadly cannot remember what I ate there ( it's been 3 years since ) BUT i do remember enjoying the food, the hospitality, and the atmosphere. This deserves five stars not only for these things but also for the fond memory of being here. So thank you Burma Superstar.
I went to Burma SuperstarTo take a little breakFrom walking through the cityAnd across the Golden GateWhen I arrived they seated meAnd then brought me a drinkThen they took my orderI didn't have to thinkThe Tea Leaf Salad's not what I wantSo I got some coconut riceAnd vegetarian curry deluxIt was all very niceThe food was quite deliciousThe portion size was largeBut if I had eaten all of itI'd be bigger than a bargeThey gave me a to-go boxAnd sent me on my wayBut soon thereafter I realizedI live too far awayAnd then I began to think aboutHow my life is kind of shittyI'll never eat at Burma Superstar againSince I'm from Oklahoma City
Come come come!! Don't think about it, if you're in SF you must try this restaurant!!! Burmese cuisine is familiar with its Indian, Malaysian and Thai influences but still has unique elements, which make it delicious and exciting to try!Here are a few of my favorite dishes:1. Samosa soup- yes that is right samosas....in soup....sounds bizarre....a little gross...but guess what it tastes absolutely DELICIOUS!!! Loved it!!! The broth is spicy, flavorful and is full and I mean full of flavor2. Platha with coconut chicken curry- the platha is like a crispy Indian roti and the curry has hints of thai panang curry in it, either way it tastes delicious....we had to order more roti we loved it so much3. Tea Leaf Salad- very different, I loved the slight bitterness of the tea leaves mixed in with the garlic and the tomatoes....yum!4. Chicken with fresh Basil- yes reminds you of thai basil chicken but again has those unique tasting elements which make it Burmese...if you love thai basil chicken you will love this version as well5. Dried Fried String Beans- wowey.....I couldn't stop eating this...personally I love garlic and beans and anything fried so this was right up my alley. The beans were crisp and you never tasted the "bean" it was full of the garlic/chilli sauce flavor6. Mango Mojitos- probably some of the freshest mango tasting mojitos I've had....it sure don't taste like it came out of a bottle!Now the staff here is wonderful, they were super nice and super attentive. BUT the wait here is TERRIBLE!! So either come on a weekday or make reservations and then plan to walk around for like an hour!So don't think about it just come! You won't regret it!
Burma Superstar is amazing. I would like to give this place a 4.5 but ultimately landed on a five star rating because I didn't have any criticism to give. The food was great, service was fantastic, and the restaurant itself was smallish (approximately 30 customers at a time) but cute. We ordered the burmese style beef curry, and the beef kebat for our main entrees and washed it down with some golden monkey tea (a black tea) and mango lassee (delicious mango drink with the consistency of pudding). The beef curry was fantastic, the beef kebat was pretty good, the tea complemented the meal well and the mango lassee has got to be a crowd favorite. Burma Superstar is known for their tea leaf salad and their chicken casserole. Next time we'll have to try those. If you're coming here for the first time, and you're going by yourself or with one other person I'd suggest you get these two items because the tea leaf salad is a one of a kind that they're recognized for and the chicken casserole looked delicious and the portions were large. I could tell a lot of people came in with this strategy because there were tea leaf salads everywhere. They bring a plate of the salad ingredients to your table and will toss it in front of you after they've described the ingredients. I'll definitely have to try it next time.The service was fantastic. It was a good combination of asian style and american style. On the one hand they want to process you quickly and get you in and out to get more customers in, and on the other hand they are attentive/polite/knowledgeable and will take the time to make suggestions and answer any questions you may have. The restaurant is pretty smallish for the demand so make sure you are ready to wait in line. We wrote our names down and went for a stroll and by the time we got back it was our turn so they're pretty efficient in getting people in and out. Overall fantastic experience, I'd definitely recommend, and I'll be back. Enjoy!
Dependably good.Would recommend: samusas.Liked superstar noodles better than the garlic. It tasted lighter and tangy-ier.Liked pumpkin curry over Burmese curry. The latter is heavier and less creamy.Known for the tea leaf salad.Long wait - however they serve tea outside and there are heaters. Also- there are shops to explore if you don't go late in the evening.
Always a crowd outside because the food is excellent! Worth the wait! Great customer service and delicious food!
Burmese food is exciting and delicious, so when a group of us decided to hit up Burma SuperStar, I was definitely looking forward to the experience. I had never been there, but had eaten Burmese food before, so I already had an idea about what I liked. Luckily, one of our smarter friends called ahead and put her name on their list (we were a party of six) and two hours later we got a call saying that they had a table for us. Score! The place was crowded, and we got seated in a booth that was a bit too cramped for 6 people, but we were hungry and didn't care. We decided to order family style so that we could try a little of everything. Most of the entrees were great, others a bit of a disappointment. The rainbow salad and the samusa soup were SO GOOD. Unfortunately, their tea leaf salad was not good at all. At other Burmese restaurants, the tea leaf salad is flavorful and lettuce-free, but the salad at Burma SuperStar was mostly lettuce and lacked any distinct flavor. My favorite entrees were the mint chicken (SO SPICY), the garlic noodles, and the pork belly. The best item in my opinion was the coconut rice (I'm a rice fiend); I could have only eaten coconut rice all evening and would have been perfectly happy. The bleh entrees that we ordered were the catfish and the shrimp (everyone else liked the shrimp dish, though).All in all a good experience, although I wouldn't wait for over 30 minutes to eat there again.
I don't like lettuce...or salad, for that matter. But O-M-G tea leaf salad! It was delicious. The fermented tea leaves definitely gave amazing flavors. I'm a fan.All the other dishes we've got were also pretty amazing, the chilli lamb being our favorite!
My boyfriend took me here on a date night and it was enjoyable. I swear if I have to go vegan (which I am not) I will come here instead because their food are the bomb. However, if you are a meat lover than I do not recommend them to come here because the meat portion is not enough for people who eats lots of meat.Things that I order:-Tea Leaf Salad (Highly recommend) ( the signature taste is the tea leaf that kicks the spot)-Rainbow Salad (recommend) ( if you are craving for varies of different noodle then you should order this dish) [the name is deceiving, it is not rainbow like you think it is.]-Burmese Style Beef Curry (w/coconut rice [rice was excluded] ( I don't like coconut, but the rice goes well with the beef) ( not your ordinary rice) -Garlic Noodles w/duck (classic pan fried noodle, plain and simple. not much ingredient in the dish) [I never see the duck on the menu, but when I ask they will give it to me]-Burmese Samusas w/ chicken (Recommend (its almost like eating Chinese taro egg roll, but better) (beware it is fried)  Overall, I will so come back to this restaurant even if it gives me gas =) *Big Smile*
Excellent Burmese food. It can get very very crowded and busy, I suggest going after the dinner crowd or go as early as you can. If you have to wait at all it is truly worth it. All the food is so exotic and flavorful. Their Burmese salad is really good and the different drinks are excellent. Staff is super friendly and willing to accommodate your party. We had a very large dinner party and they were able to make something work for us.
1. Rainbow salad is way better and more full of texture than the squishier tea salad (people just get that because they saw it on TV)2. Coconut desserts including the platha (sp?) w condensed milk are the best. You can even ask for chocolate syrup on this on it is amazing!
I remember eating here well before it was en vogue and well before you could review it on yelp. Anyone remember the Last Day Saloon down the way? one day we went to see a show there and needed a place to eat. We ended up parking right in from of Burma Superstar, looked up and said "let's eat here". Im guessing there's no way that's happening anymore as it's way popular now. -Samusas-Tea leaf salad-Moh hinga-Chili lambSteak kebatEverything was really tasty Moh hinga is one of those every person foods that all classes enjoy. I also like the use of spice in some of the dishes which they dont dumb down. They've since opened more branches they must be doing really well. Will have to go back one of these days and see if it is as good as it once was.
This restaurant is a must if you're visiting San Francisco! I had never tried Burmese cuisine prior to Burma Superstar, but I was definitely not disappointed. We ordered some coconut rice, tea leaf salad, and chicken and lamb curry (forgot the actual menu name whoops). We ordered to-go because we brought our dog along, but the restaurant does not offer outdoor seating. We went at around 11:30-11:45 on a Friday, and the wait for to-go was around 20 minutes, a little longer than desired but still not too bad. The tea leaf salad was amazing and the place is practically famous for it, so it's a definite recommendation! I love the dressing; it has a unique, earthy flavor to it. Also, the chicken and lamb were cooked really nicely and tasted very spicy (not spicy as in hot, but spicy as in lots of spices!). But the coconut rice was the absolute best in my opinion, even though it wasn't the main dish. It's slightly sweet, but it goes really well with the curry. I would eat a meal of just coconut rice honestly haha.The only downsides to Burma Superstar is the parking, which you have to find on the streetside and usually pay a fee. The wait is a little on the longer side, but manageable. The food is so yummy!!! And I can't say much for the actual service and indoor decor because we took it to-go. Hope everyone has as great an experience as we did :)
Tea leaf salad was awesome. It was my first time eating burmese and I loved it. We also tea noodles, which was decent but the tea leaf salad definitely made an impression on my palette! I cannot wait to come back here again.
One of the better Burmese food places in the Bay Area: mango lasse for drink, tea leaf salad and platha with dip for appetizers, chili lamb and chili basil pork for entrees and finish with jack fruit spring roll and coconut ice cream. One of the best Burmese food I've had =) To avoid the long wait, be there when the restaurant opens.
Packed. Pricey. Underwhelming. However: nice staff, good amount of vegetarian options and a comfy space.
Do not go here. If you do, every other restaurant will seem sub-par and you'll just wish you went here instead. It's fucking amazing. Best fried tofu. Best everything.
Food hits pretty close to home.My friend and I ordered the Mo Hinga Noodle Soup, Tea Leaf Salad, and Coconut Rice. All three dishes were great and would def go again. Came around lunch time and surprisingly didn't have to wait in line. Just one thing though, wish the Mo Hinga was a bit hotter in temperature. It was lukewarm :/ but other than that, 5 stars for food and service. Wouldn't be so nice to dock a star for just that reason alone.Whoo!
This place is great, and I think it's already been said 384923048 times over. Tea leaf salad is my favorite.But good luck getting a table immediately without a reservation. This place is packed for good reason.
Deserves the hype and more. Simple yet attractive ambiance, fast and attentive service, and exquisite food. Fills up fast so get there early or expect to wait.Vegetarian and vegan friendly. Lots of delicious options for us herbivores!
Out of this world. Great food. Friendly service. We enjoyed ourselves very much and plan to go back often.
New favorite spot in the Richmond.The samusa soup is delicious on a cold day, the pumpkin pork stew was off the charts too, but the CHILI LAMB was the best. hands down.Also, the best service I've had at a place with lazy susans in my life (i could barely put my thai iced tea down for 10 seconds without it being picked up and refilled.. refills are like 1.50!) they also let us have a liiiiiiittle too much fun with the coconuts.
I love the food at this place BUT it is noisy and crowded so if that's not a problem for you go for it. Unfortunately not for us.
Hmmmm I don't know, I wasn't feeling this place as much as the hype made out. Came here as a big group, and someone decided to let the waiters/waitress to pick the top dishes.. and lets just say I didn't like all those dishes. Our fault, because obviously its their job to pick the dishes that were probably most expensive, because the meal was most definitely NOT WORTH $30 a person for burmese food. OR another point at our fault is that we didn't each individually get our own dishes/pick our own..Honestly, I don't even remember/ or even know what was on the table that I was eating, but I think the only thing I actually really liked were the shrimps. Everything else was not remotely memorable to me, everything was just... meh. And as for "the best tea-leaf salad ever".... c'mon. The best I've ever had was from YAMO, a little mom and pop shop at 18th and mission. The tealeaf salad here does not come close. And corkage fee is $15.I really don't see the point in coming back here, let alone waiting in line for hours... and honestly, 90% of the guests I saw in there were white, so I think this place might've been too hyped up on either 7x7 or other sources.
Had a chance to go to San Francisco last week and I was so excited to eat at this restaurant because it's so overly rated and always long line. Overall, nothing special, expensive and too salty for me
Decent Burmese food, but maybe not worth the wait and the crowded tables.The tea leaf salad is still good, but is it my imagination, or do they put a lot more lettuce in it now? It just seemed watered down to me.The curry chicken was delicious but the lamb was just salty.Maybe I'm being too picky. I used to love this place but I think it just became too popular. I'll try again in a few months. It's still A-OK for now.
I loved going with a group of friends and eating family style. Everything I ate was yummy with the exception of the tea leaf salad. It's what they're famous for, but I had a hard time liking it. Probably personal preference.The staff was awesome and accommodating toward our big group, which included kids.If there's a long wait, they have a sister restaurant like 3 blocks down that's never crowed. Ask about it.
Absolutely love this place. It's hard to describe Burmese food, I would say it's kind of a combination of Indian, Indonesian and Thai. Both the rainbow salad and the tea leaf salad are out of this world, they will mix it right in front of you. Interior is cozy and modern, friendly staff. Don't forget to try their Burma cooler.
Incredible restaurant. Recommended to me by three separate people and their personal reviews were spot on. They alp told me to order the Tea Leaf salad. Just do it. I'm a vegetarian so also ordered the sesame tofu and almost died of happiness it was cooked so perfectly. Also, the coconut rice is a must. There were three of us and we ate four portions--it was that good. The vegetarian curry was just so-so. It says it doesn't come with non-spice, but I cant really handle spice at all and I was totally fine with it. Wouldn't recommend getting it though, especially not in comparison to the other dishes we had. Also got the vegetarian samosas which were pretty standard but also delicious! Go here!! They don't take reservations, but we showed up at around 2:30pm, right before their lunch break and got in after 5 minutes.
Stopped in here with the girls for lunch and scored seating without waiting that long. Tea leaf salad- different and good. Vegetarian Samusa Soup- the textures in this soup... Good soup. We also ordered two entree dishes which I can't remember, but both dishes were very tasty. The service was good and the food was really good. Glad we stopped in to give this place a try.
There is a good reason why there is always a wait at this restaurant.
Love love love this place. I just recently discovered this place thru a friend of mine who celebrated his birthday here. I love their tea leaf salad, coconut rice, spicy and crispy chicken. Although there's always a long line for waiting, its all worth it.
Come inside, have a nice cuppa tea!Actually in this case, have it while you sit outside and wait! Or as one older gentleman did, take a cup of tea and wash your hands with it on the sidewalk, and go on your way. The wait was surprisingly short, though we were at the latter end of the lunch crowd. The place was buzzing, and seating is pretty tight, but not too bad. Service was quick and very friendly, nothing lacking except a re-fill on my delicious drink! Tea Leaf SaladWe started with the classic, tea leaf salad, and it did not disappoint. The small portion of fermented tea leaf, imported from Burma, did well to coat and infuse the entire salad with this herbal, tangy goodness. We spent the rest of the meal picking at every last little fried lentil.Moh HingaNext we then enjoyed a generous, steaming bowl of Moh Hinga. Honestly, I did not have high hopes for this, it was my girlfriends choice. Catfish chowder just does not sound appealing to me. What do you know, it was my favorite thing that day! Amazing. Nourishing and hearty, with an incredible depth of flavor and contrasting textures. WIll order this again. Steak KebatLastly, I chomped my way through some Steak Kebat. "Not available in mild" yet not hot-spicy at all. However, there was no lack of spice, it was very flavorful with the acidity of the tomato giving a great tang. It would not have been the same without that mint leaf.MUST HAVE for the 21+ folks, the Burmese Cooler.  Beer, lemonade, and ginger. Brilliant!
Love it - great exotic food, a little pricey but worth it
Yes, we came here because of the hype. Yes, the wait was ridiculous. Yes, we left mostly satisfied!Since everybody raves about the tea leaf salad, we had to get that. We rounded out the order with the beef Burmese style curry, chicken Burmese samosas, and thai iced tea.Surprisingly, the tea leaf salad lived up the hype. The various textures were interesting and the flavors were excellent. However, the chicken samosas were pretty bland and the beef curry wasn't anything special. But I'm sure we'll be back, and next time we'll try the samusa soup!
Over 3k reviews for Burma SuperStar, that's over three thousand people who took the time to write an opinion piece on this restaurant. Everything's already been said so I guess I'll just let you all know that the food here is amazing, and definitely worth trying out. Plenty of healthy options, as well as a good deal of vegetarian dishes that can easily be converted to vegan for those opting for the cruelty free way.I suggest trying the garlic noodles, and chili lamb. Cooked to savory perfection!
I've gone three times because friends love the place and i wanted to give it a chance but all been very underwhelming. the food was not good. I much prefer mandalay. I also met a Burmese person who worked there as waiter and i was told they have very terrible labor condition. I would only go if my friends force me to...again...
Simply put, this food rocks! This was one of the best meals I will ever have. The combination complex flavors coupled with simple cooking procedures results superb food. The flavors resemble that of Indian, Chinese and Thai cooking in an all new way. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  (especially the fermented tea leaf salad and the Dahl curried chicken.)
The best restaurant in SF. We visited the city for 5 days and came here twice! Beware of the 2hr wait, so be sure to come ready to roam the streets before eating, or be here at five!Can't-miss: tea salad, sumps soup, yellow curry chicken.
All I can say is I'm Burmese and grew up eating mohinga and laphet thoke and this place is delicious and authentic in flavors. Yes, they use romaine lettuce in the tea leaf salad instead of cabbage, but the seasoning, toppings, and flavors are very authentic and spot on. When my mother isn't available to spend a whole weekend making Burmese food, then I go here for a quick hit. LOVE.
Stopped in here for a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon just before they closed their lunch hours. We were seated right away. Waters and menus were brought right after.We ordered several items, not all of which I can remember. I do remember that I picked the pork belly with pickled mustard greens and bok choy, which was very good. The pork belly had a nice contrast from the soft fat and meatier, uh, meat. The sauce was a delicious salty-sweet sauce and the pickled mustard greens were a nice compliment along with the bok choy for greenery. Burmese-syle beef curry with potatoes was good. Basil chicken and coconut rice were also solid. Garlic noodles were okay...more like chow mein in my mind.Our service was friendly and waters were kept filled throughout. Food did take a little time but not a bad wait at all, especially considering we really did just make it in before closing. We were not rushed at all either considering that they were in between lunch and dinner hours.I wouldn't be especially excited to try to find parking around here. Disregard that, though, and I'd love to eat here again as everything was at least good if not great, and we received excellent service.
After hearing so much about this place from friends on both coasts, I knew that this would be the first place I had to visit once I landed in SF. After a whole day of cerebral sessions and mind benders, I was ready for a pleasureful oral journey. You know this place is good because the wait is long. Tons of people milling around outside just waiting to eat the wonderful food that awaits them. They do provide some hot tea outside to keep you warm. SF weather is pretty odd. Make sure to layer up as it gets chilly at night. After about half hour, we were escorted to a 4-top table right in the middle of the restaurant. There's a nice Buddha statue in the wall. I start off with an Anchor Steam on draft. Ah, nice and refreshing. Out of 4 people, 3 of us were vegetarians so we all decided to order a few dishes and share. We started off with the vegetarian soup and then ordered the rainbow salad and tea leaf salad. We also decided to try the curry tofu also. Every single dish was phenomenal! I especially like the tea leaf salad as it has an earthy flavoring to the salad. The tofu in the curry was homemade and has a cheesy-like texture which was so filling and yummy. Service was exceptional and I really enjoyed the SF hospitality. I just wish we could have a place like this in the Big Apple!
This place is my absolute favorite. This is my go to for special occasions, birthdays, get together, friends visiting in town because I know that it will never fail me. It is consistent and it is always such a treat to go. The line outside is a testament to the extra ordinary tasting meal that is about to hit you... Yes, the don't take reservation but I fully take the good with the bad because it is so worth the wait. My favorites are: samosa soup, tea leaf salad and the pork with pumpkin-not to mention the tea selection is terrific. You don't need to wait to be in the clement /inner Richmond area to go here- people plan a trip around Burma Superstar.
Kind of pricy (~$20 to get full). Tastes pretty good. The tea leaf salad is okay, not as good as people say it is. The lamb and the platha were very good.
Oh Burma Superstar, how do I love thee.....and so does EVERYONE else. Food and Service are always consistently good. The wait for a table is always consistently long. Leave your phone number with the host, and walk about Clement street while you wait. Or grab a patch of sidewalk and enjoy a cup of complimentary hot tea. My stand by favs are the Tea Leaf Salad, The Samosa Soup,and the Fiery Beef with Tofu; and I never forget to order a healthy portion of the amazing coconut rice!If you happen to live nearby, as I do, and dont have time to wait for a tbale, clal in a pick up order and enjoy your Burma Superstar meal in the comfort of your home.
Food was very fresh, clean and delicious. My table shared the Tea Leaf Salad which was tasty with very interesting texture. We also had Moh Hinga Soup, again it was fresh and clean but a little on the bland side. I personally had the Garlic and Chili Shrimp. It was perfectly cooked and had a great kick to it! I would recommend coming on the early side like 6 because the line can get very bad!
Great place to eat, but the wait can be pretty long and it always seems busy whenever I go here. The food is pretty delish. I've had their tea leaf salad (a must try!) and their beef/lamb curry (super tender and hearty). If you're planning on having rice with your meal, try their coconut rice! Their lychee drink is also pretty good with a subtle hint lychee. Only downside to this place is the fact that the tables are super close to each other and can be difficult to carry conversations especially when you can here the other customers. Other than the tight space, the place is pretty darn good. Will come here again.
Ate here for the first time tonight and though the food served here is glorified Thai, I have to say, this place definitely lived up to the hype. I tried the Rainbow and Tea Leaf Salads, the garlic shrimp and the lamb curry. Everything was delicious! I especially loved the Rainbow Salad. It also didn't hurt that the service was great. The wait was surprisingly short and the food came out very quickly. Will definitely come back.
We heard a lot about the popularity of this place and were prepared for a long wait when we came on a sunday around 1230. Miraculously, there was a parking space on the block and no wait at all. I got the chilli lamb with coconut rice, and it was very flavorful and tender. My girlfriend got samusa soup, which she claimed was not as good as same dish at the Burmese place in Daly City. We'll have to come back and try more things on the menu here.
Sorry Burma SuperStar but you disappointed me. I would have given this place a higher rating but their top, famous dishes are the ones that let me down. This place is a 2.5 -- decent but not outstanding and some dishes do not measure up. So, I called the restaurant in advance to put my name down for a table. They take your name and number and give you an approximate time. He quoted an hour and a half so we showed up with fifteen minutes left on the clock. To pass the time, we walked around Clement. And yes, it was really really cold. We ordered four dishes and got a free Thai Ice Tea for checking-in. We ordered the Burmese Samusas (chicken) appetizer, the Tea Leaf Salad, Vegetarian Samusa Soup, and Superstar Vegetarian Noodles. The samusas were delicious and so was the Superstar noodles. But the two dishes featured on the Food Network were such a disappointment. I could not taste the tea in the Tea Leaf Salad. I could eat lettuce with a vinaigrette dressing and it would taste the same as the Tea Leaf Salad. The Samusa Soup is a deconstructed samusa in soup form. What is a samusa without the crispy outer skin? Even with two good dishes, I would not return to wait in the cold long line and search for parking. But I would What I recommend:Order the following to go -- Burmese Samusas or Superstar Vegetarian Noodles
I love everything about this place. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable and the food is out of this world delicious! If there were one thing I could eat for the rest of my life it would be the tea leaf salad. It is probably the best thing ever put in my mouth, ever. My boo and I used to go here practically every chance we got and eventually he was made a V.V.V.V.V.I.P by our favorite waitress, Fanny. She's the best.
I've never had burmese food before! It was definitely interesting. I liked the vegetarian dishes more than the meat dishes. Their salad was really good. The pork was good too, but i wasn't a huge fan of the fried catfish =/
The wait is too long to justify how the food tastes. It's good, but not omg-i-wanna-wait-2 hours good.If you do go, definitely try the coconut rice. I myself am not a huge fan of coconut but this rice has a very subtle taste which is delicious.
This is one of the places I always HAVE to take people because its so delicious and so different from what a lot of people have tried. There is something almost prestigious about going there and getting in. It always feels like a special night out. The staff is so knowledgeable and really take command of their roles. They know how to take their customers on a culinary journey and can even get into the history of the food. A few of the stand out dishes are the Tea Leaf Salad, Bun Tay Kauswer (chicken curry noodles), Lamb Curry and get the coconut rice to go with everything! The flavors have so much depth, its really something to behold. I have some of my fondest memories here. This place is the real deal.
This place always has a line. Finally caught it at a good time to eat. And then the food was bland, the service was terrible. They never refilled our water, never asked us how the food tasted, think we waited 10 minutes from when they cleared plates until they brought the check. Another 5-10minutes to run the cards and come back with the receipt to sign. I brought my friend with me from out of town and I had to apologize to her. The Mai Cafe and the Thai place across the street are both delicious. I will never go back. I don't understand the popularity. AVOID. The Mai Cafe has no line, the Istanbul place, the Thai place across the street, all better options. Good food. Good service. No line.
This was my first exposure to Burmese food, and it's delicious! I feel like like its kind of a mix of Indian and Asian food. Super flavorful and very tasty. The restaurant is kind of small and almost always crowded, so expect to wait a long time unless you come at off peak hours. The tables are placed so closely together that you can rub elbows with the party sitting next to you. Kind of uncomfortable at first, but you get accustomed to the proximity. On to the food...TEA LEAF SALAD - 4/5Very unique. It arrives at the table deconstructed, and the server explains to you exactly what each component is before mixing it for you tableside. If you've never had a tea lead salad, you are missing out! The only reason why I gave it a 4 instead of 5 is just because I prefer the tea leaf salad down at Mandalay a couple blocks away from Burma Superstar. The one here comes served with lettuce, whereas Mandalay serves just the tea leaves.PUMPKIN PORK CURRY - 5/5This is a must try! It didn't sound too appetizing at first, since I couldn't imagine what the pumpkin and pork combo would taste like, but I'm glad I went for it anyways. I would come back just for this dish. CHILI LAMB - 5/5Super flavorful! And SPICY! I had a bite of the lamb and thought to myself "Oh, this isn't thaaat spicy, why is everyone so weaksauce?". I guess the lamb heard my condescending thoughts and decided to show me who's boss because each subsequent bite got spicier and spicier. The heat in this dish kinda sneaks up on you. I accidentally bit a chili pepper and was definitely downing my water. But don't let the spiciness deter you from this entree; it is DELICIOUS!Coconut rice with all of these dishes. It is a must.(Though again, I prefer the coconut rice over at Mandalay.)I also had some sort of noodle dish from here that I was not a big fan of. Shame on me for not remembering what it was called, but I guess shame on them for making a noodle dish that just wasn't memorable.Burma Superstar falls short of being a 5-star restaurant for me because the prices are a bit high for the amount of food that you get, and I think there a few dishes that I think other Burmese restaurants do better. Not to mention waiting an hour and a half for a table is just a bit ridiculous.If you've never had Burmese food though, try it! You will not be disappointed.
We were going to be conservative this meal. But again, there were 6 of us with good appetites. We didn't leave unsatisfied. How could we with all of this? (Listed in order of my favorites.....)Pork curry with potato and pickled mango (5 stars). Way tender cubes of pork in a flavorful gravy with just the right amount of spice.This is not a strong curry.Tea leaf salad (4.5 stars). Chopped romaine, tomato, laden with goodies, including peanuts, sesame and sunflower seeds, fried yellow split peas, fried garlic, shrimp powder, and a tangy lemon dressing.Chicken samusa (4 stars) A Burmese empanada with a tasty chicken filling.Brown rice (4 stars). Yeah, just brown rice, but its properly cooked nuttiness went well with our dishes.Pork belly (3 stars). Too lean and an overly salty sauce. Served with some steamed bok choy.Pea Sprouts (3 stars). Sauteed older peasprouts, with no distinctive flavor. Good, not great. Our vegetable to help allay our guilt.Platha with curry dip (3 stars). A flaky bread almost like Indian naan. The golden curry dip was on the high spice side. I like having feeling on my lips after I taste something, so this did not work for me as well as for the others at our table.Coconut Rice (2 stars). I expected a more toasted coconut taste. It was quite bland to me.Burmese Chicken and Shrimp Casserole with cardamom rice (2 star) The chicken was overcooked and I did not care for the excessive cardamom and raisins in the rice.Came early, no crowd. But then again, it was 6:30 during the second LB championship game, featuring the home team, SF Giants. Everyone was home, glued to the TV. And BTW, they do not take reservations, and they do not seat until all of your party has arrived.For 6, we landed a bill for $180, with tip included.
Was recommended to check out this place by a friend who live 1/2 way across the US & says every time he comes to SF he has to eat here. I now know why!!Burma Superstar is small & fantastic Burmese restaurant. Unfortunately they don't take reservations but my party and I waited less than 10 mins to be seated and they provide tea free over charge while you're waiting outside the restaurant.Service here is fantastic even though the restaurant was packed on a weeknight. And while every table was full you didn't have people bumping their chairs into you :)The food was out of this world everyone recommends the tea leaf salad & not I'm with them!!! My friends and I all got different entrees with the authentic * next to the item and we had a very diverse to delicious meal!
What's there to say about this place that hasn't been said before? I actually hesitated coming here for a long time because the line to get in is always long. I came here with my family one sunny Saturday afternoon and even though they said the wait was going to be 15 minutes (not bad), we actually lucked out because the previous large party didn't have all members present so they couldn't be seated and we were next in line. Probably about a five minute wait that day. Thanks to the group before me! The food is meant to be shared. Get an order of coconut rice. I could eat bowls and bowls of that stuff. It's like it's laced with crack or something. Both rainbow and tea leaf salads are great. I didn't want to share mine. I ordered the samusas, which was just okay. Tasted much better in a soup. Pretty good service, but it took a little while to find our server to get our bill. Totally worth the wait. Would recommend and come back.
It was our first time, and we wanted help with ordering but the server was really busy. She didn't help with suggestions. We must've not ordered the right things as what we ate was not memorable. The chicken tofu kebat, and the noodle dish Bun Tay Kauswer was edible, I wanted to taste something I hadn't tasted before. I liked the coconut rice! That was my favorite. I saw what other people were ordering and it looked better then what we were eating :(Thank god I had good company and we made the best of it! That said, I would go to this place again, but definitely order different dishes.
We had the lamb curry, but it was really salty. No me gusta.The vegetarian curry delight was only okay too. I loved all the vegetables, but the curry flavor didn't do it for me. The menu says mildly spicy is not an option, but the dish was not even spicy. I'd go back to give it another try, but it wasn't my favorite.
Awful place, e-coli bacteria infected this establishment not more than 2 months ago. A health warning went out..I'm guessing people neither read nor watch the news because it's still over crowded swarming with hipsters and pregnant mothers. The food here is nothing special and quite frankly, eating a 'tea leaf salad' is disgusting. The human body isn't made to digest all the seeds and leaves in these Burmese Tea Leaf salads. I can honestly tell you because within a few hours of eating said salad, I get indigestion and rush for the toilet. This place is really overrated and expensive with low quality fare. Nothing on the menu is worth the price. I will NEVER go here again because the place is packed with dirty hipsters with no class, overpriced nasty inedible food, long lines because of said hispters, and e-coli bacteria scare that happened recently that cannot be ignored. E-coli kills people, I'm guessing people don't understand this and how serious it can be. Many people think they can take over the counter anti-biotics and have a nice day..well..they can't.sfbay.ca/2013/08/31/burmand sfgate.com/restaurants/aDon't be an idiot..DO NOT EAT AT BURMA SUPERSTAR
Who knew Burmese food was so amazing? My friends and I ordered all over the menu and the food all across the table was amazing!
From a vegetarian's POV:Its ok; but nothing out of this world unique. We had reservations at 8pm but were seated at 8:45pm. ("EYE ROLL" - lame)We went on an awfully packed evening and I was like "ok"...another thai-ish restaurant.Wouldn't come here again.
So, so, delicious. The staff is very kind and always have a smile on their face, despite being unbelievably busy from start to finish of service. Expect to wait to be seated (it is what it is).
I love the food Here!!!! Burmese Food!!! Good at anytime My friend who lives near always wanted to go since we always see huge crowds so we finally went!! I ordered rice with Vegetables Tofu, it was a great mixture of asian cuisine I haven't really explored until I came to this restaurant!!! The only downside was I had to come here 2-3 times before i actually got seated because it was overly crowded and the restaurant was soo small that everyone piled outside and waited hours. The food was WORTH THE WAIT though!! I am glad I came but i wished they opened more that 1-2 restaurants in the same street! They should open more restaurants since they are pretty high in demand
One word...AMAZING! Service was fast, food was decadent, rich, and a heavy cultural experience of Southeast Asian melange of culinary goodness! My absolute favorite was the Platha and Dip! Oh my goodness! This spot is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Loved it here, amazing food, great service and reasonable price, i know its a little bit out, but worth the trip... spicy goodness
So I will be formulating my bucket list for best effin places to eat before anyone kicks the bucket. This place is definitely on there for GOOD!!!! And will be eternally. Tantric I tell ya tantric indeed.
If you never tried Burmese, you must give it a try. And Superstar is super!
Thank you Burma Superstar for the unbelievably delicious food!!! Just the sweet savory aroma in the restaurant was a great indication of how wonderful the food was going to be!! We ordered: chicken Burmese Samusas, Lamb Samusas, Tea Leaf Salad, Nan Pia Dok, Coconut Rice, Homestyle Oxtail Claypot, Pumpkin Shrimp Stew, and Braised Pork Belly w/Pickled Mustard Greens. I also ordered the Walnut Shrimp to go because it's suppose to be one of the best...will let you know how good it was. The food was soo good that I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu. The icing on the cake was our waitress Fanny!! She was so sweet and had such a positive energy to her, which made the whole experience that much better!!! BURMASUPERSTAR IS DEFINITELY A MUST TRY!!!
Um, you should try this place because it's the bomb. Tea salad is good, as are the various savory curries (I liked the catfish one last time). The cooler is refreshing and good, too. Of course, you may be in for a wait, but it's well worth it. Plan ahead.
Came here and tried:TEA LEAF SALADCOCONUT RICECURRY EGGPLANTsignature VEGETARIAN SAMUSA SOUP. TEA LEAF SALAD had wonderful flavor!! It was just a tad bit more oily than I would like my salads.The CURRY EGGPLANT was awesome and I could eat their COCONUT RICE everyday. I didn't flip for their SAMUSA SOUP, a bit too sour for my personal preference.Our waitress was more than helpful and friendly ;)
Amazing that people don't even read the news.. Hello everyone - This restaurant has been cited for health issues including a documented outbreak of e-coli!!!!12 people were admitted after the outbreak.yelp.com/redir?url=http%They don't wash their vegetables.. don't make a mistake!
This place has been on my most-wanted list for a while. We came here early on a Saturday and only had a 5 minute wait. Usually, this place takes forever and they don't take reservations. We got the tea leaves salad, curry noodles, spicy lamb and a side of brown rice. To start, we also ordered a pitcher of white sangria. The sangria was loaded with fruit and was yummy. Not sure how much alcohol was in there, but it was very refreshing.For the tea leaves salad, I was expecting something full of tea leaves, but I guess the tea leaves were fermented and serve more as a flavoring agent than anything. It had a cornucopia of seeds and nuts, too many to count! The salad was so delicious, a vegan's wet dream. The seeds added so much flavors and textures to the salad. My only complaint is that it's not bigger :).Our noodles and lamb came pretty quickly after we polished off the salad. The curry noodles were just ok. It was good, but seemed pretty ordinary. The noodles needed less cooking, I thought. The lamb was the standout. It was choked full of peppers and pepper corns. There's also cumin and such a wonderful dish on a cold day.The service here was prompt and we ate quickly because there was already a long line outside. Definitely come early if you don't want to wait 2 hours for your food!
I actually prefer this location rather than the Oakland although it's smaller most of the staff are women. So I don't have to worry about any male servers trying to take me out for coffee number exchange etc like in Oakland. Excellent customer regardless of busy they are. I always get the tea leaf salad. They are so accommodating to picky habits.
Long overdue review. I lived in SF for 5 years and have to say this was my go to favorite for a solid cheap meal. Pro tip: call ahead and get on the list before heading over. Chili lamb, samosas (sp?), and noodle dishes are solid. Tea leaf salad beats other local versions. Cheap, decent wine bottles.
Overrated
Never had Burmese food before, but Burma SuperStar was good enough that I was definitely seek out Burmese food again in the future. My friend and I ordered, among other dishes, the rainbow salad which has apparently been featured on the Food Network. When the waiter showed up and found out we hadn't had Burmese rainbow salad before, he showed us how to mix it properly. Looking around, I saw similar performances at other tables. It's a nice gesture and because of it, I'll know how to eat a rainbow salad next time I get one at Brumese SuperStar (there will definitely be a next time)
Does this place really need any more reviews? As expected the wait was atrocious. 5:30pm on a Sunday and there was already a hour long wait-painful.Thankfully they'll give you a ring when your table is ready so you can wander around. Was the food good? Burma superstar definitely wasn't a culinary masterpiece, but many items were pretty tasty! Was it worth the wait- ummm noo..Here's what we had:Tea leaf salad- All I tasted was the shrimp paste. It was too salty and overpowered the whole dish.Samusas- Thinner skin than samosas and kind of greasy. I'm probably biased but I prefer samosas.Curry lamb- kind of boring and lacking any interesting flavorsChicken and Shrimp casserole- Yum!Coconut Rice- amazing coconut goodness. You must order this- It'll go well with anythingPeashoots- the best peashoots I've had and the best thing we ate (totally serious). Also a must!Nun Pia Dok- curry flat noodles- super gross. skip this..Mango mojito- awesome!! Definitely order a pitcher..Maybe I'm not a Burmese food fan.. It was a pretty tasty meal, but nothing really had any complexity of flavors or tasted amazing...
5 starts for sure ! the food is amazing, the staff is so friendly, they describe the dish in details for you, they mix your salad while chatting with you and trying to get to know you better. Highly recommend.
A friend recommended this restaurant but warned my bf and I the wait is usually an hour but we had some time to kill before the Lion King Musical so we gave it a shot. We arrived at 5:20 PM and thankfully there was no wait but the restaurant was already busy considering they opened at 5:00 PM.We ordered:- Burmese Samusas- Fiery Chicken with Tofu- Bun Tay Kauswer- Coconut RiceEverything was AMAZING. The service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive, he checked on us a couple of times to make sure everything was okay but not overbearing. Our water glass was filled often. I can't wait to go back to try all the other items on the menu.
Simply love every entre at Burma Superstar! Tea leaf salad and coconut rice(?)-that was interesting and tasty! Affordable, great service every time, and some of the tastiest Burmese food around.Tip: Prepare to wait after you've circled many many many times over for parking.
Everyone step aside I have a very important opinion about this very well known, highly trafficked, and beloved restaurant that thousands of people have rated. Yet it needs to be said, less because of what I'm going to say, and more because I use Yelp to cope with meaninglessness and absurdity by shouting into the void -- just a small way to cope with my insignificance and imminent extinction:food good
I keep going here every so often with friends, or on a date, etc...I live pretty close and I have got to say, I recommend this place. The coconut flavored rice is genius! I love it. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like yet. This place felt pretty chill but there is a line so be aware of that. I've rarely walked by this place and seen no line. I would say about 10-20 mins wait. Possibly longer on busy days. Although the weekday we went, I think we waited like 5 minutes. But, whether you're on a date or just hanging out with friends, I recommend it.
Too much hype around this place. There's always a line out the door, but if you like complimentary tea and the smug satisfaction that comes from being that wait-in-line-for-30-minutes diner (come on, what San Franciscans love waiting in lines and 'it' restaurants), then this might be the place for you. The food is okay but is too dressed up... I prefer Yamo in the Mission. Despite the overpriced lackluster food, this place has a remarkable wait staff -- courteous, fast, and entertaining. Oh, and I seem to find it funny that there is a "B Star" (unrelated) down the street. Not sure that this restaurant deserves the super- prefix, but you can decide for yourself.
My go-to place for a romantic, reasonably priced date night outing. Amazing food, intimate seating and decor. But a long wait. You should call ahead to get your name on the list 20 minutes before arriving on Fri/Sat nights. We love the Sesame Chicken, Skillet Shrimp, and Pork Belly
Tea leaf salad. Amazing. Mango Tofu. AmazingCoconut rice. Amazing.Everyone who eats here things it's perfect. Worth the wait for the Telegraph ave location but i've heard the Alameda spot usually doesn't have a line.I've heard great things about their cocktails but haven't tried them yet. Will have to try one soon!
Great food! Interesting mix of Malaysian, Chinese and Indian kitchen. Highly recommended!
this place is pretty good but dont think it is as good as the one in oaktown but its kinda weird because neither of them are in burma i wonder what it is like in burma man i heard in cambodia u can rent a bazooka to shoot and blow up a cow so it would be tight it u could do that in burma too haha i wanna blow up a cow
Well done Burma Superstar. You've got quite the menu, and everything I've tried off of it is rather fantastic.Your mango lassi is off the charts good :)
like good food, just one great place
I had been wanting to eat here for ages. Actually I'd been wanting to eat at the Berkeley location because I didn't know about the SF one. Anyway, everything here was alrighttttttttttttttt, but definitely not worthy of the hype or wait. The tea leaf salad was just okay (although that may have been due to us opting out of the shrimp), and we also ordered a bunch of other curries and meats and everything was just a-ok. Kind of on the bland side and nothing to write home about.
This place is really great. Everyone tabs about the tea leaf salad, and it really is worth ordering. But we have yet to get anything we don't love. They are always super helpful with vegetarian and gluten free requests and really good service to boot
Tea leaf salad..it was OK..I do like the tea leaf..but something bout it was off..iono if it was the dressing or whatever, but there's some kinda dressing or something on it that made it heavy..the rainbow salad was fine..bunch of variety of noodles..they ran out of mango for mango ckn..basil ckn was eh..I had better..I think Thai restaurants might of made a better basil ckn..they also ran out of jasmine tea..REALLY? wow this place is running out of everything!in terms of packed..it was super bowl sunday and came here at 5..so it wasn't pack how everyone is saying..the Moh Hinga..hands down HELLA good..its a catfish soup..or chowder..i think its more of a stew..it's not thick like a chowder..more like pureed soup with noodles..now THAT was good..the crunchy thing inside was AWESOME!would i come back? probably not..one time to try is enough for me..but may moh hinga to go?
Tea leaf salad!
The place was small yet intimate. The waiters (one of whom was the owner) were attentive and kind. It atmosphere reminded me of a home. The decorum consisted of photographs of Angkor Wat. My meal was not cheap but it was filling and delicious. I anticipate going back soon.
We got a lot of good food in SF last weekend, all different price points and cuisine, but this was our fav. We went with the reviews and ordered Chili Lamb (even know I am not big into lamb), tea leaf salad, and Nan Gyi Dok. I would order the same menu again, but would also be inclined to order a different noodle dish. Frankly, I wanted to order 6 things, but with only 2 people had to keep it to 3 items. Will be a repeat on my next SF trip, and repeats in SF are rare!
This was one of my husband's dinner picks on his birthday trip to San Francisco. I was kind of skeptical at first but ended up really enjoying my meal.We did have to wait, even on a Monday night, which I guess just goes to show how popular this place is. We waited in our car and they called us when our table was ready.I had Thai iced tea to drink- yummy. We also split the samusa soup to start and it was amazing, possibly my favorite dish.I had a creamy chicken curry with rice noodles which I thought was just ok. The chicken soup-ish taste really threw me off and I thought the sauce was more chickeny than curry (I liked the noodles, though). My husband also got chicken but his was spicy ground chicken with basil and it was delicious, especially when mixed with the side of coconut rice. We also had a side of platha bread which was SO good, especially dipped into the soup.For dessert we had some chocolate ginger cake which was tasty and rose tea which was pretty unflavorful, actually. But overall I enjoyed getting to try Burmese food and I would absolutely go back for the soup and to try a few other dishes!
Perfect meal:Tea leaf saladMint chickenPumpkin pork stewCoconut riceIT'S CRAZY GOOD FOOD.The ambiance and staff made my whole experience amazing. Seriously, this is a must destination if you are dinning in San Francisco.
Came here on a Tuesday night since we figured the line up gets ways too crazy on the weekend. We only waited for about 15 minutes for a party of 4, so if you want to avoid the long wait, then I strongly suggest dining here on a weekday. We ordered the tea leaf salad - I must say it was very different from any other salads and I would highly recommend it. We also ordered the Mu Shu wrap, it was similar to the lettuce wrap from Chinese restaurants but it was different in a good way--again, highly recommended. We didn't really care for the Na Pia Dok (curry noodles which was recommended to us by our server) it was too salty and had a really buttery taste to it and it didn't go well with the flavor of the dish. The samosas were very crispy and fresh, the spices added a nice kick to em. The pork curry was bomb! Similar to Malaysian curry but the pork was really tender. Overall, this restaurant was a good experience and the food was delicious. I will definitely be back soon!
Poodi was awesome....Samosa Soup is out of the world and bellyfull !!
I don't think I've ever ordered two salads at a restaurant. Ever. Well I guess there's a first for everything! My mom and I came for lunch so thankfully we did not have to wait long at all. Between two people, we shared the tea leaf salad , the rainbow salad and the pumpkin pork with fried Burmese rice dish. The tea leaf salad is really unique, I've never tasted anything like it before. The rainbow salad reminds me of vietnamese food a little since it has noodles in the salad but a total of 22 ingredients. The waitress said she can't choose between the two, she said one is like her husband and the other is like her boyfriend hahahaha. The pumpkin pork was yummy and tender and the Burmese fried brown rice was really unique.I asked to try the Samusa soup and the waitress brought me a small bowl. It was good but I couldn't have had more than that small bowl so I'm glad I didn't order it. The soup is sort of sour with Burmese samosas in it so you'll get some fried chunkiness while eating it. I also tried some coconut rice which was DELICIOUS. I looooooooooved the coconut rice.I would definitely recommend getting the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad and something with coconut rice.
Ate here yesterday for a late lunch and it was excellent. Had the pumpkin soup, lettuce wraps, and spicy basil chicken... everything was delicious - the lettuce wraps being my favorite I think.
Cozy place, fantastic food. Gets quite busy at lunch time the curry noodles and salad that we tried, both were quite good.
Unexpectedly stopped by here for lunch on a trip to Green Apple Books down the street. My friend and I beat the lunch rush and were seated immediately. I've never had Burmese food before so I let him order. We got the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, lamb curry and coconut rice. I also got a mango lassi to drink. The salad came out unmixed and the waiter explained what was in it before he mixed it up for us. I don't know what I was expecting, but it was quite tasty. The samosa soup came out afterwards. The broth was light and flavorful, with a tangy kick. The samosas were hearty and delicious. The lamb curry was my favorite. The meat was so tender it practically melted in my mouth. It had the perfect amount of spice and was very aromatic. TMI, but I may have drooled a bit upon smelling it... It combined perfectly with the coconut rice. The mango lassi was also on point, not particularly exceptional, but still very tasty. I was so full after this meal and we just split 2 appetizers and an entree between two people... you get a lot of food! By the time we were done with our lunch a HUGE LINE had formed outside the restaurant. It was raining that day and people were still waiting around in the rain to eat here. I would probably be right out there with them the next time it rained if I were craving this...
Ecoli outbreak. Missed it by this "" much nbcbayarea.com/news/loca
We've been big fans of Burma Superstar but hadn't had it in about a year. We got a huge takeout order last Sunday and every dish was disappointing except the pea shoots and broccoli. We were so sad! The chicken and basil had very little flavor and the spicy chicken just had a lot of chili flakes mixed in. The pumpkin pork stew tasted like there was no spices added at all. Hardly the taste sensation we had experienced in the past and looked forward to. I hope this was just a bad night but after $165 of a bad experience, we won't be going back soon.
We ordered food to go because our kids were exhausted but the food did. It disappoint! The Burma style beef curry was amazing and our said he loved the samusa soup more than pizza. That's really something! We also got the chicken curry noodles (they were just OK) and the vegetarian garlic noodles (great!) as well as coconut rice and the tea leaf salad. The coconut rice was really good with fried onions on top but we probably wouldn't order the salad again. They are remodeling the restaurant but it was full of families! Can't wait to try it again when the kids are in better spirits!
I lalalaLOOOVE this place! Absolutely delicious and well worth the wait. There's a reason why there's always a wait there! Just go walk around, grab a drink, explore the cute neighborhood! The tea salad is a must! The samosa soup is also delicious.Service is very friendly! If you're in the area, come here and try a very "different" Asian cuisine!
Yesterday my boyfriend decided to take me here for dinner. It was my first time to ever try Burmese food. When we got there, there was a long line. The wait wasn't that long. We waited at least 35 mins. Once we got seated we noticed the restaurant was really small. We had ordered the Burma cooler. The best refreshing drink I've ever had. The tea leaf salad was so yummy and they even mix it right in front of you, so fancy. The samosa soup was just alright but my bf loved it. Nan Pia Dok was slamin. The Spicy and Crispy Chicken you can't go wrong and Coconut Rice 2 thumbs up. So even though we had to wait long it was worth to come here. We'll be back!
What's the matter with you? You don't like great sex?Receive: Go to Burma, eat Tea Leaf Salad.Give: Go home, have great sex. Remarkable matrimony!
Tea Leaf Salad.Pumpkin Pork Stew.Chili Lamb.Oxtail Claypot.Pork Belly with the greens.Coconut Rice.Ugh. It's ALL so YUMMY!!!
This place is absolutely amazing! It does get a little crowded inside but I would seriously sit anywhere to eat here! Our favorite is the tea leaf salad (which at first sounded weird but omg its soooo good), the chili lamb, & fiery chicken! If you aren't in the mood to wait for a table you can always order for pick up! The waiters are friendly as well, sometimes they forget abt you but I feel that the food makes up for that.
Love this place. Great food (love the chili lamb and shrimp with garlic) and the service especially was great.
A weak 3 stars at best, this is one of those "Yelpers must be crazy" kind of things.Of four dishes, one (tea leaf salad - a simple unassuming dish but with a perfect recipe that makes you want to figure out how to do it at home) was good enough to return for if the service had been good, two (some kind of curry prawns, and salt and pepper squid) were okay but not especially memorable, and one (a felafel and samosa soup that they proudly claimed had been mentioned on the food network) was sloppy, salty, and basically a throw the leftovers in a soup pot kind of thing. Prices and portions were medium, $10-$14 for dishes to fill you up if you're not hungry, otherwise order some extras.The service was hectic, forgetful, and not terribly helpful. It wasn't just our server, we got this from everyone but the always-resourceful bussers and food runners. They were also quite knowledgeable, the servers and anyone else you were lucky enough to flag down knew the menu and style inside and out, a definite plus. But no warm and fuzzies. Their elaborate salad-stirring ritual flung lettuce all over the table, each person was responsible for far too many tables, and it was a chore to get anything done, from refilling the water to checking on our order or replacing a napkin. This was well after peak time with barely the usual line outside the door, I can't imagine what it's like during a crush.Atmosphere is a problem. It's okay, honest, decent, but kind of tired and worn out. On a rare warm San Francisco day the place was hot and stuffy, dark, crowded. Definitely nothing to cheer the soul.All in all, it's hard to imagine why the place is as popular as it is, except the momentum of tourist books and reviews. There are several places in the neighborhood, far less famous, that make me truly happy. I'll stick with that.
Get the rainbow salad. Enough said. ;)
I come here every time I go to SF. It's easily one of the best meals I've ever had. I've tried something different every time and have never been disappointed. There's always a wait so call ahead to make a reservation. Great food, great service.
Yeah, its THAT good. Try the tea salad - yummers. Gets crowded so come early. I haven't had a bad meal here yet!
First off the name sounds like a porn movie. The wait is ridiculous and the food is overpriced. This place is overrated, I'm not quite sure why they get so much business. The food is ok, nothing spectacular. I wouldn't go back.
Went here with one of my friends and we loved it! We shared the samosas and those were pretty good. And we also shared some coconut rice. So yummy! it wasn't too sweet, just right. She got the veggie curry and I had the lamb, both were good.
Absolutely love it. It was our first experience w/ Burmese food, and we loved it. They usually have long lines, but they move fast. I highly recommend getting one of their salads, and getting something that you would not typically order. Flavors are very fun, you will not be disappointed.
A bit pricey, but definitely worth eating here.I ordered the tea leaf salad (if it's been on the Food Network, gotta try it right?) - $12, mango chicken - $14, coconut rice - $2.50, and a side of layered bread - $4.Tea Leaf Salad - I don't enjoy paying so much for a salad, but this had 11 different ingredients and the servers mix it in front of you. They claim the tea leaf paste was flown in especially from Burma...if that's true, then I guess that justifies paying the high price point for a salad, since I save on airfare. ;)Mango Chicken - Delicious, but disappointingly small. Coconut Rice - Never disappoints! Fresh, aromatic, and they give you quite a big scoop. I could just eat this alone.Side of layered bread - not worth it. It tastes like the pancake you defrost from Ranch 99, and for the side, they don't give you any curry to accompany it.This meal for 2 came out to be around $40 - not cheap for Asian food, but not too bad considering it's SPECIAL Asian food?
The best food I have ever had period. Burmese food is amazing. I've been here 4 times now and each time I come back I try a new dish and it never ceases to amaze me! All the salads are excellent, but the Tea Leaf salad stood out amongst the rest. Amazing service and I will be back soon for more!
It truly lived up to the hype. We got there for lunch as soon as it opened. There were only a few people waiting before us, and we were seated immediately. The tea leaf salad and everything else we had was awesome!!!! Very reasonably priced. For all of those 1 or 2 star ratings... why expect 3 Michelin star cuisine when you are in a restaurant who's most expensive entre is around $20? At Burma Superstar, you get more than what you pay for, but again, keep the 'level' of restaurant in mind!
We had the TEA-LEAF SALAD and the Burma Superstar's special curry (Braised beef tender w/ potatoes and topped w/ cilantro) with coconut rice.Tea-leaf salad was super good and the the delicious curry just hit the spot for a murky post-museum afternoon in SF.This is my first time having Burmese cuisine and I am a big fan already!
I love Burmese food and I love this place! It has great service and excellent food. I love the rainbow salad, samosa soup and the vegetable noodles. I have been here a bunch of times and I intend to keep coming back!
Love this place! No wonder this place has a line out the door and has been featured on food network several times.  They are so popular that they had to open a sister restaurant one block over. The place is pretty small and has limited seating. My suggestion is to go early and put your name on the list. Give the host your number and they will call you when your table is ready. Grab a drink near by and within 30-45 minutes your table is available.What we ordered:-Vegetarian Samusa Soup* (Featured on Food Network and Bay Area Backroads!)Even though it's vegetarian, this remains our most popular soup for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike. This you have to order! One of my favorite soups in town!-Tea Leaf Salad* (Featured on Food Network)Yes, we really do go to Burma to get the tea for this salad, and it's worth the trip. With textures from fried garlic, peanuts. It's very interesting! The server would come and show you all the ingredients that goes into the salad and mixes it in front of you. When done, they split it on everyone's plate. This salad is light and full of flavors! I would never imagine adding tea leaf in my salad would make this kind of impact. Truly unique and must order!-Platha and Dip*Multi layered bread served with a coconut chicken curry sauce. Yum!! great carb for dinner! I can't say no to fried stuff!-Salmon Pot Pie!! Oh yes! This was a salmon curry with veggies, topped with a nice baked flaky crust. Simply wonderful!I usually feel horrible ordering so much and eating too much but this was perfect. Everything was fresh, flavorful and light. Perfectly full. The service was amazing and extremely friendly. Even with the hectic crowd, the entire staff kept their cool and worked with a smile on their face and is very welcoming. Can't wait to come back to this place again!
My friends and I were looking up new places to try out, and we came across this place. The exterior of the restaurant had a small bench for a designated waiting area (which I did like because I don't like standing to wait). We got our seats within 10 minutes (party of 3)! The restaurant was packed with people, but the tables were arranged well enough to conserve space. We ordered:Tea leaf salad: they mix the salad in front of you! I had quite the memorable experience with the lemon squeezing LOL. The salad was decent. It had interesting flavors but it wasn't super out of the ordinary. Spicy and crispy chicken: this doesn't come with rice! BUT I did like the sauce. I especially like the crunchy outer layer of the chicken wrapping over the inner softer layer of chicken. Thumbs up for this! Chili lamb: again, this doesn't come with rice. I'm personally not a big fan of lamb, but my friends are, so they convinced me to try it. It contained a very interesting flavor, a little too salty for my liking. It began with a spicy flavoring in your mouth and had a little sour kick in the end. Burma-styled curry with lamb: also doesn't come with rice! I actually enjoyed this lamb dish more than the other. The flavoring was very balanced, not too spicy, nothing over the top. The texture of the lamb was good. Coconut rice: soooo goood. I am not a big fan of rice, but this was good. Hands down. The aroma of the rice was really capturing. Loved it. Coconut ice cream with strawberries: I'm not sure of the exact name of this dessert but this is what I tasted/saw. The ice cream was gooood. The strawberries were a bit sour and frozen though.. Service: waiters were cordial, and approachable. Came back often to check on customers which is a big plus! Our total bill was $70 (not including tip), which I would say is pretty decent. Overall experience, I'm not sure if I'll be coming back often or at all. This is the type of restaurant where you would probably come to once in a while. I wouldn't say it's that much out of the ordinary, but it was a memorable experience dining here.
This place is bomb.com! I don't like lamb, but their lamb dishes are scrumptious! Whatever you order, make sure it is paired with the coconut jasmine rice, even if you aren't a rice/carb person. The tea salad is good too and probably what they are most famous for, but I would save it to eat with your entree, instead of eating it all beforehand. This place is small and always crowded, so make reservations if you can and make sure to get there before their almost closing times. You definitely don't want to feel rushed for this meal! It is also a good date place because it is a pretty cultural experience and because the food is unique. It is likely that you or your date haven't tried Burmese food, or Burmese food like this, which is a fun and neat experience. In terms of price, I guess it's a little pricey, but well worth it!
4 Stars for the food and service and 2 stars for the line and no reservation non-sense;Tea leaf salad is fine but I can also get it for a cheaper price at B-star down the street;walnut prawns is good but again, it's a half price at D&A cafe. Mohinga is actually what's worth waiting for. I might be willing to wait for a Mohinga if I really craved it or else I would just go somewhere else for other stuff on the menu.
The wait sucks, but the tea leaf salad is the best salad ive ever had! Light fresh and crispy! The atmosphere is intimate and elegant. Not so great for large parties, but awesome for a date or a small girls night! Will definitely be back!
If the wait is 45-hour long on a Monday night, you know this place is doing something right. But in there case, they are doing MANY things right. I've been here a few times, and every single time I am happy with the service, the atmosphere, and of course, THE FOOD. I am a huge fan of the Tea Leaf Salad and the Samusa Soup, I usually get these and split them with a friend. I definitely recommend getting them!! But from the looks of tables around me, the rest of the food looks delicious as well.
The line is nuts! You can get the same awesome tea leaf salad down the street at their stepsister restaurant B Star!Unless you get there early as heck, like Senior Cit dinner time 5 o'clock ish, then plan to wait for a long, long time to chow. It's also noisy, crowded, and not in a way that's hip... like they are clearly maximizing floor space to the detriment of the eating experience.
I love this place! The Samosa Soup is amazing!!
This place is known for long wait times but they have hot tea and tea cups so you help yourself while you wait on the benches outside. Its a very nice touch!We did not have the tea since we were lucky to get a table immediately on a Friday afternoon. It did take some time and distance though to find parking which was 3 blocks away. Muni 2 Clement might be a good idea next time.O K then! We ordered alot and everything was delicious! Rainbow salad had these noodles in it with cabbage (as the greens) and it was delicately delicious with unusual flavors I've never had before. I'm glad our waiter might have taken it upon himself to choose the chopped romaine lettuce for the tea leaf salad. Future note to self: Pay attention to the details and specify which greens to go with each salad. I actually prefer cabbage in the tea leaf salad which is traditional in Myanmar.Nevertheless these salads will not disappoint you. I thought they would be similar in taste but they had very unique flavors that were unexpected and different. They are scrumptious! My friend ordered the pumpkin pork stew which came off the lunch menu. It was accompanied with coconut rice and tea leaf salad. It was a very good lunch but we ordered a side of coconut rice and a separate full order if the tea leaf salad to insure we had enough of the good stuff. You know what I'm taking about? Smile.I think the pumpkin pork stew is a nice place to begin exploring this cuisine. It is comforting and ...well...it's stew! Very much comfort food!Next came the chicken and shrimp casserole. Again comfort food! It comes with a chicken quarter and about 8? shrimp. It was very good and worth the money.I'm always curious about garlic noodles. I've been hearing about them, like a song worm, and heard them mentioned yet again at food truck gatherings like the gathering at Treasure Island last week. So we had to order the garlic noodles and try them.It looked really good with a nice serving of noodles with barbecued pork and other things on top. I liked them and they do them nicely here but I was a little disappointed in the noodles which had the texture of rinsed pasta. I was expecting a chewier, egg based texture with a sauce that melded into the noodles rather than on the noodles. They were actually better the next day as leftovers. Come to think of it, I have found Burmese food to be the best leftovers. Note to self:Next time, order lots and lots for the leftovers factor. After lunch, we strolled down Clement to Schuberts Bakery for dessert.
Too bad there isn't a Burmese Restaurant in SoCal (that I know of)! Cannot wait to go back... the food reminded me of thai food which there is a lot of around my area, but something about it tastes unique (I can't quite put my finger on it).The salad.......... oh, the salad. The Tea Leaf salad was soooo delicious. It's been over a year when I ate here and still, I have not found a salad that was as good as this one.Definitely get different plates and share family-style if you come with friends.Can't wait to go back!!!
The Rainbow salad is where it's at...! There's a bit of a wait every time you go, but it's DEFINITELY worth every second of the wait. They also have a sister restaurant called the B Star Bar that's down the street if you'r elooking to get seated a little quicker.~ TheWaterGuy
On recommendation from a bay area friend, I came here with some reservation to try the Tea leaf salad. Glad I did! It's no ordinary salad, and not aptly named in my opinion. For those that love texture as much as flavor in food, this salad was amazing with it's varying forms and levels of ......crunchiness. I also ordered a side of the Sticky Fingers... in hindsight they were quite good...but completely overshadowed by the salad.
Tea leaf salad was incredible. We also enjoyed the samusa soup- yum! Excellent service- polite and fast! Loved this place and would return.
I loved this restaurant the first time I visited but felt the execution was different this time. I visited at lunch versus dinner, so perhaps it was some variation in the kitchen. Wowed the first time, underwhelmed the second, and I had exactly the same items.
Great service. Great food. Great people. Great prices! What else needs to be said. I love this place:)
It's been a little while since I've returned but I can still remember the unique and delicious tastes of Burma Superstar. We started with the Burmese samusas which went so well with the accompanying sauce and then it was onto the Tea Leaf Salad, which is the standout dish in my opinion. Even if you are not a salad person, you really need to try this creation, it's the most incredible combination of ingredients ranging from fried garlic to the tea itself. The entree I had which was the Burmese Shrimp Curry was quite delicious, too, but it's the tastes and fragrance of the tea leaf salad that still lingers. Did I mention you should try the tea leaf salad?
After eating here, my stomach said to me, "I don't know what you just put in me, but I'll let you know in a few hours whether I like it or not."It was delicious going down though.Update:Success, my stomach liked it
Worth the line and wait if you can overlook the fact the board of health shut their asses down last summer. Skip the standard tea leaf salad and opt for the rainbow salad instead. It should be called the DOUBLE RAINBOW salad as it's that magical! Mandalay nearby is cool for Burmese, as is Yamo in the Mission. Be grateful you live in a city that has such awesome and authentic Burmese food!
So, looking up and down Clement, only one restaurant seems to have a line waiting outside... long one at that. Must be great! There is another word:venerable! It's old (and it shows) but outlived many/most of its neighbors. The food is unique. How many Burmese restaurants are there? Turns out Burmese is not that different from Thai. In fact I've had similar dishes at Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese restaurants. The seasoning or flavors are not that distinctive. It's worth trying just because it is unique. However, we (party of 4) lucked out and got a window table. I feel sorry for others in the cramped establishment. The noise level was self-defeating: you HAD to yell to be heard. Didn't mind the old furniture-- added some character to the place.The food was good... but not GREAT. IF there were any duck in the garlic noodles, I didn't find any. They were tasty none the less. People liked the coconut rice. I thought the curry lamb was cut in too big of chunks which made it chewy and a little dry.., but flavorful. The biggest disappointment was the specialty cocktails which seemed over priced and overwhelmed with fruit juice... the lemonade was the best. Each ordered a different one and we passed them around. All wanted to trade for the lemonade. Cost was okay. With drinks about $25 per person. There were leftovers. I probably will not go again, but I don't regret going. It was good. I would encourage others to try it though I am not sure I would make it a destination event. If you're in the neighborhood... don't mind waiting, sure try it. I would give it 3.5 stars.. not four which in my system means that I think I would go there again.
Burma Superstar is a cult? poortastemag.com/the-100 "FIRST, the restaurant must have a highly devoted customer base and should appeal to locals and tourists." Check. "SECOND, the food must obviously be stellar and unique enough to produce a dedicated clientele." Check. Must order items: Rainbow Salad: 22 different ingredients = A lot of different flavors and textures that go really well together. Add a killer tamarind dressing and you get a fantastic and unique salad. Vegetarian Samusa Soup: My fave! With fried samusas filled with potatoes and curry spices in a flavorful broth, even the die hard meat eaters in our group loved it. Pumpkin Pork Stew: Fall means pumpkin and pork is always in season. The chunks of pork were incredibly tender and I loved the sauce especially spooned over the Coconut Rice. Less cult worthy items: Ginger Salad and Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil. They were good but not memorable. The Wok Roasted Calamari came with a great mint salad but the calamari itself was overcooked and rubbery. "THIRD, the wait is almost always unbearable -- but worth it." Nope. But then again I am never down with waiting an hour for food. Recently, we came here for a weekday lunch and the wait was only 20 minutes. Perfect! "FOURTH, multiple locations are okay, but not too many, unless they're in another country." Check. They have other locations in Oakland and Alameda. "FINALLY, for our purposes, a single meal should be relatively cheap. Less than 20 bucks per person is ideal." Prices are budget friendly and you could definitely have a good meal in that price range. Especially if your nice friends are treating (thanks S&D!). Note: The real superstars at Burma Superstar? The staff. They rock!------------Update 3/2012: The Vegetarian Samusa Soup and Rainbow Salad are as rockstar as ever! ($11.75 / $10.95) However, the Garlic Noodles weren't very garlicky ($9.95) and while we liked the fried garlic and the flavor on the Garlic Chili Shrimp ($14.95), the dish was disappointingly mild. Next time we'll ask for more heat or try the reportedly spicy Chili Lamb!
I've been here like twice since now. I took my friends the second time because of the delicious platha and chicken curry I'd the first time. The restaurant is buzzing and servers are pretty active. They don't have a special parking area but, it is easy to get the street parking space at Clement street. The food is kinda more oily and so, I don't mind giving this place a try after like 20 days. Also, the surrounding area is pretty much silent. Good place for a date!
For Burmese food...it's good. I went with a large group, make you sure you get in there and get your name down.
Hands down one of the best Bay Area inexpensive restaurants. It has help up over time!
This place is some of the best Burmese food I have had. We started with the palata which came with coconut sauce. The palata was flaky and warm (a little too greasy) and the sauce was perfect. The next was samosa soup which was absolutely delicious. The spicy lamb could be better as I felt it was overlooked. The mango chicken was delicious and perfectly made. The noddles (cannot remember the name) in coconut curry were absolutely delicious!!! I just wish the portion sizes were bigger for family style.Service was great, we waited 15 minutes on a Saturday afternoon. Love this place and highly recommend it.
My family and friends who are all native San Franciscans or from Bay Area have welcomed and enjoyed Burma Superstar since the day they opened their doors in 1992. Food network helped promote them sharing their rainbow salad and samusa soup which accelerated their business with a much longer wait and helped their growing business and locations.Well the hipster long wait is not worth it anymore.Now in 2014 This is not the same restaurant anymore and we all have decided to stop going we are closing our door to them after food poisoning and very poor treatment over numerous visits throughout last year and a half. The food has given me and family food poisoning .Burma Superstar was shut down September 2013 for E.Coli outbreak in August 2013.There is a very rude waiter who is a Dodgers fan that can't keep it to himself and shares his negative opinions of SF Giants fans to SF Giants fans from SF who are his customers. He is from San Jose and knows nothing about San Francisco nor how to treat customers. Nor did he know much about the Dodgers franchise. He thinks being hateful is funny and making my mother cry destroying are family dinner as a misunderstood joke. He is malicious and no apology changes his statements nor actions. There was no manager to speak with and working it out with the waiter without the manager was very uncomfortable.There are so many wonderful family restaurants in SF that it's time to support others. This place is not warm and welcoming and the food has gone downhill.
Interesting, delicious menu items that I haven't had anywhere else (except B Star). Ambience and wait leaves everything to be desired, so we usually order ahead and pickup curbside. Also, they had an e. coli "issue" there a few months back (while my wife was pregnant) so we haven't gone back since. I'm sure it's been addressed...
Amazing! Rainbow salad is the best!
I saw the high yelp reviews and decided to swing by! Came on a Thursday at around 6pm with a party of 3 and there were 1 other person ahead of us, which was a 15-20 minute wait... and in San Francisco, that means waiting in the cold. Not that enjoyable! At least the host person allowed us to go ahead of the other group since we all arrived altogether.We ordered 3 items - tea leaf salad, sesame chicken, and pork curry.Tea leaf salad - definitely something different and really good! I've never had something like that and it contained nuts, lettuce, and so forth. Definitely something to try if you've never had it before.Sesame chicken - this ain't no sesame chicken you'd find in other restaurants! It is sweet, crunchy-ish, and good! It was definitely very sweet. Possibly a bit too sweet, but I like it still! The menu indicated that it was not Burmese food.. Come to think of it, not all the items on the menu was Burmese... Pork curry - that thang was tender! With lots of sauce.. very succulent... Didn't try the mango, but my friend seemed to enjoy it.I'd give a 5 stars, but I did not enjoy the wait! Took a while for us to get our seats, to get someone to take our order, for our food to arrive, to get my water refilled.. I guess because they are busy. Also, I was hoping for a bigger WOW factor that will make me fall out of my seat. It is definitely something to try and knock off your bucket list though. Lastly, the price was kind of high! We only ordered those 3 items and it was practically $50 after taxes.. It would be better if the prices were all around or less than $10.
This s**t is good. No two ways about it. Get there early as there are always queues.
Came here on a tip from a coworker in L.A. I liked Burmese food in the SGV, but I haven't tried anything like this place. BOMB! Seriously, SF... I'm so jealous you guys have this place. We ordered a meal for two: lamb curry and the traditional rice salad that they suggested to go with it. Liked the curry, but damn that rice salad would have been good on its own. Service was with a genuine smile and he mixed our rice salad for us :) I definitely recommend this place! Just good luck with parking.
This place had a lot of hype around it- including my brother in law saying that this was 'the best food he's ever eaten.' I just didn't enjoy mine that much. The flavor was okay, the ingredients were okay. The service was okay. The little lychee smoothie drink was actually really amazing. But I wanted more out of this place given that so many people have claimed to me that it was the best.
I think the only thing worth it was the Tea Salad. I also got the soup and the mint chicken which were ok for a first timer with Burmese food but it's not enough of a reason to go again. This is one of those places where you have to go to and decide if you like it yourself.
Some of the best food in SF! Tea Leaf Salad is epic!
All around good food and excellent service. The rainbow salad is super tasty and the spicy tofu and veggies are delicious. Will be back!
Overhyped. Really.A line at 9pm? Come on.And look at this - it's dirty too:sfgate.com/restaurants/a
First time I've had Burmese food ever... and it was amazing! My favorite was the tea leaf salad. Honestly, when they said fermented tea, I was a little worried, but I got over it as soon as I tasted it. I went with my family and ordered a few items on the menu to share. The service was awesome! The servers joked around with us as we made jokes and were very good at recommending items to complement items we ordered. Although I've had friends that went here before, I forgot all of their recommendations, which made me pretty useless when it came to ordering.Definitely go with good company and get there early! There was no line at first, then about a half hour or so later, the line was LONG and the wait seemed like forever!
Needless to say, the place served us wonderfully. Me and a friend of mine enjoyed our tryst with Burma Superstar. I ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, and my friend ordered the Chili Lamb.We also got a lychee margarita that I personally would recommend. Its light and refreshing and does the trick on a saturday evening :)
This is an institution in the true sense... there is normally a long waiting time, but it is well worth it... all that it takes to brave the 45 minute average wait time is to sneak in and smell the place... it is delicious! The tea leaf salad is by far one of the best salads of any sort in the city, perhaps the state... Once you're in the atmosphere is warm, the service extremely professional and worth a thousand smiles... be brave, chose any dish on the menu and be prepared to be swept off your feet!
Cuisine 4.5-starService 5-starTea Leaf Salad - must-try, have never tasted anything like this. Outstanding layering of texture and flavor. Meticulously constructed with Burmese tea leaves (sharp, bitter flavor), Romaine, fried garlic, dried shrimp, tomatoes, split yellow peas, peanuts, sunflower and sunflower seeds. Mixed table-side. Chili Lamb - Stir-fried with chili, onion, basil. Spicy (slight numb factor), fragrant. Excellent execution of spices, complements the lamb well.Very friendly service, pleasant experience. Highly recommend.
First of all, I am not sure what Burmese food is like, but this place taste kinda like Thai and Indian fusion. My Burmese friend says it ain't authentic.With that being said, Burma Superstar ain't bad, the food is decent, however, I think it's not worth the 2 hours wait, and I am not too sure that it's Burmese food.I tried the "famous" tea leaf salad, lamb curry, eggplant and chili pork belly. The tea leaf salad was something interesting and new, lamb curry, taste just like the ones you could get at any Indian restaurant. eggplant was too saucy, and the chili pork belly tastes like chinese. Overall, it was worth visiting for the first time experience just so you can say O I tried Burma Superstar, but I won't be back otherwise. and their red sangria tastes so like some cheap box red wine....
best place ever
Bomb. Just straight bomb. Get the tea leaf salad. boom.
Great place to go to if you're in the area and want to try something different. I've been here a few times and each time, the tea leaf salad has been my favorite. The coconut rice is also one of the best I've had, the flavors really come through. They consistently maintain the same level of quality and flavors in each of the dishes I've had. Yes, there's a wait but if you avoid the typical lunch/dinner times, you can get seated pretty quickly (I came by around 2:30pm on a Saturday and only waited 5 min). The service is great, they always take the time to describe each dish as Burmese food isn't one of those cuisines you commonly find.
SO GOOD! Finally came here for the first time a few weeks ago, and was not disappointed. Samusa soup and tea leaf salad were AMAZING. Interesting flavors, perfectly prepared. Can't wait to return!Service was perfect. Even the guy who mixed our salad table side was friendly and chatty.We arrived within the first hour of them opening, but by the time we left, there were already 20+ people waiting for tables outside. Super busy restaurant!Def. worth the trek to the richmond!
I first came here back in 2009 with a good friend when we were exploring San Francisco before Valentine's Day (we claimed each other lovers for the day). I don't know how we stumbled across Burma Superstar, but I am glad we did because I fell in love with it and came back many times after.When people come visit me in the city and we are in the area, I take them here! I once took my cousins who were visiting from Florida here and they loved it, they even texted their friend who is Burmese and living in another state that they were having Burmese food in San Francisco and she texted, "Burma Superstar?" - hey it is well known in the community even far away!What I love here: the fluffy coconut rice, tea leaf salad, man gyi dok, and the home style oxtail claypot. But I am sure you can't go wrong with anything else on the menu cause I do get other things and they are just as delicious but I do consistently go back for the man gyi dok.Beware: usually has a wait list but they take you number so they call you while you walk around.P.S I love the warmth of this place
The only item I would come back for is the tea leaf salad which everyone has already made famous. Don't know if the wait is really worth it....a good experience but probably not one of my "go-to" spots.
I have heard about the tea salad and this restaurant for many years. When a friend suggested I finally went! The flavors of the tea salad are so different from anything I've ever tasted, and it's definitely satisfying! The staff is very friendly and I like the menu. You definitely feel full at the end of the meal, but healthy.
Very good restaurant with incredibly long waits. A neighborhood, and possibly City, institution. Love the tea leaf salad. It's light, fresh and interesting. Different from a traditional salad with lots of odds and ends mixed in. I think it's a must-order.My one gripe is that we came and got on the wait list. They said it'd be 45 minutes. It ended up taking a think just a bit over 2 hours. We walked around the neighborhood and checked stuff out, but that's a bit long to wait for anything. I see why it's popular though and I'm still a fan.
An Awesome place to eat, Would come again to give a more detailed review
Was super excited to finally try out this restaurant last weekend after hearing so much about it.  There were three of us and we got there around Noon. The wait was not too bad - around 20 minutes. There is a bench outside and the restaurant provides a hot tea pot for those waiting - nice touch. The turn over for parties of 2 were much quicker.Service: Very good.  The waitresses and waiters were friendly and helpful. The food came out quickly,Food:Tea Leaf Salad: Disappointed that it was made of lettuce instead of cabbage. That takes away from the texture but it was still pretty good.Platha and Dip: The dip was very good. The Platha could be lighter and blufierChili Lamb: ExcellentPumkin Pork Stew: ExcellentCoconut Rice: Excellent
Amazing!!! Hands down, best ever
Awesome Burmese food... consistent everytime. Love their Samusa soup, rainbow salad and sangrias
Oh man. I was so hyped to try this place. Our wait to this place was even an hour. (I actually didn't mind waiting and this wait did not affect my review of this place) Maybe my expectations were just too high from friends and yelp reviews.Food: DIFFERENT, but not a good different.Tea Leaf Salad - fermented tea leaves that came from Burma?! What?! That sounds awesome....however I was quite disappointed. The salad was good but the fermented tea leaves, were really strong. I was not a fan. Samusa Soup - If you are Vietnamese, this tasted very much like canh chua to me. It was okay. Again, it was different, but not a good different. Coconut Rice - The rice was really sweet. They claimed that this rice goes well with everything, however I found it to be the exact opposite. I didn't think that it blended well with any of ours dishes. =( Burmese Style Curry - This was probably my favorite dish of the night. It was nothing special though, just some catfish with curry. Braised Pork Belly With Pickled Mustard Greens - This was actually pretty good. It was nothing special again though.
really busy place.i'm not sure if the food is worth the wait.
Overcooked coconut rice. Muddled flavors in a mediocre pumpkin curry pork. I could complain about the wait, but that really is not their fault, so I will not. But overcooked rice is just embarrassing, for the person who makes it and more importantly for the person who eats it without complaint because they are too hungry after hours of waiting.
The tea leaf salad and catfish curry are two dishes that I always get at Burma Superstar. And don't forget the coconut rice. This place is definitely worth a try. The restaurant is small and isn't good for large groups, I would say 4 at the max with a potentially long wait. If you're going with only 1 other person, don't let the line intimidate you as I've usually gotten a seat within 20-30 minutes at peak times. It's worth the wait.
I was told that this place is a must visit. On our way back from Lands End, we grabbed a Lyft, and headed to Burma Superstar. We waited in line for 30 or so minutes, and then sat down in a corner table. We tried everything that was recommended by the Food Network, but weren't impressed whatsoever. The place was very crowded, and I didn't particularly find the ambiance very inviting. The only things we did enjoy? Friendly service and coconut rice.
TLDR:- Marriage of southeast Asian, Indian, and Chinese flavors makes for thought-provoking flavors. - Recommend: pumpkin shrimp, garlic chili shrimp, coconut rice, tea leaf salad, signature chicken casserole, stir-fried okra and tofu.- Wait can be long.- Great service.
I've never had Burmese food prior to this before but I would say it's pretty similar to Thai/Indian.Came here after a beautiful hike in Mill Valley. Typically the wait is pretty lengthy, but we arrived around 2:45pm when lunch service ends at 3:30 so our group of 10 waited for just about 15 minutes. I would recommend people going at off hours to avoid the prime time wait.Our group tried a variety of different dishes since there were so many of us. Must order's: Tea Leaf Salad, lamb (or another meat of your choice) curry with coconut rice, and chili lamb. Mint chicken is good if you love minty flavor. I wasn't a huge fan of the soup that everyone gets (forgot the exact spelling) but I don't want to knock it because I think it's just personal preference. I shared the soup with 3 other people, and the coconut rice, tea leaf salad, and lamb curry with 1 other person and the portion turned out to be just right.Service was friendly and prompt and our waiter even offered to split our checks for us upon seating us, seeing as how our group was kind of big. There is plenty of parking around the restaurant but bring coins since they're all metered.
I love going to Burma Superstar! Their salads are AMAZING as well as their food and drinks. Unfortunately, there's always a crazy line during their busy hours. There's one dish that I love! It's a noodle with eggs and curry and stuff. I forget. But everything I've had there is really good.
Yes, I'm a "super" fan! I give Burma Superstar between 3.5 - 4 stars. I love the food, the fermented tea leaves salad, the samosas, almost everything. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because noise level, the wait and It's hard to get someone to pick up the phone to order take-out. They are so busy, which is good, but hard when you would rather just take the food home then wait in line.
This place is AWESOME!! Its not a secret either. Expect a line always, but its well worth planning a day on Clement Street anyhow. Competent staff and delicious food. All appetites will be quenched.
Highly recommend the tea lead salad.
This review is about two years late. I came here because everyone speaks so highly of it. We were able to get in right away since we had a reservation. I'm not even sure what we ordered, except I do remember that we got the famed tea salad. I wasn't very impressed. We ordered all vegetarian dishes...but I can't remember anything else.
My girlfriend took me here bc she heard it was "oh-so-amazing" and she nailed it. We got there just after they opened at 5 and had to wait 45 minutes. So, get there EARLY. Or, go kill time at the amazing fish store down the road which has sharks and other amazing oddities. Tea leaf salad was unique and perfectly yummy. Also loved the crispy spicy chicken and garlic prawns. I will go here again (and again) and highly recommend it. Great food and great service. These guys are superstars for sure.
Okay people I know the tea leaf salad is good but I'd go rainbow salad every day of my life if I could. This place is absolutely phenomenal! Lychee mojitos are mouthwateringly good and the coconut chicken noodles and rainbow salad are a must!!!!!!! Favorite place in the city for sure!
It was very good i really liked it .it was my first time trying the food here so yummy
Absolutely divine food. Tea leaf salad and mamosa soup are out of this world. Unbelievably good food. Either show up at 11:30 or 5:45 to get a seat. Otherwise you wait in line.
I have tried all their vegetarian dishes and each and everyone of them are amazing!! We always start off with the samusa soup. The flavors and textures in this soup are amazing and it makes for the perfect starter. I also usually have the mango salad... I don't know where and how they get the perfect mangoes for this salad, but every time I have it, it is perfect. The platha and dipping sauce is also a great starter. The staff is very well versed in all the dishes they serve.
I still love me some Burma Supastahhhhh! I think I enjoyed this much more when I was an undergrad at USF and would come by with my classmates after an afternoon with our noses in science books. There was something about the desperation that made it so fun...BUT, that's not what we're here for...we're here to write a nice review about Burma Superstar! The difficult thing is...what do I write that hasn't already been said?Yes, the wait is long unless you get here right when they open.Yes, the Rainbow Salad is a feast for the eyes and the palate.Yes, the SupaStar Shrimp have crack in them...I mean, they are very addictive and delicious.Honestly, I haven't had anything bad here! Insiders note: if the wait is crazy long here, you can walk up the street to B Star Bar and get in quicker - no SupaCrack shrimp, but you'll be okay ;)
Though I haven't been to this place in a while, I have never been disappointed or felt the food was inconsistent between visits. Burma Superstar is the first place I've tried Burmese cuisine, and I was hooked after coming here. I love curries, noodle dishes and fresh salad dishes from all over the asian continent and islands, and I felt I got a little bit of everything I loved from the various cuisines at this restaurant.Like I said, it's been a while, but I really can't see this restaurant going down hill while the same people are running the show.
So the boy&I were in the Outer Richmond and had no idea where we wanted to eat, so Cindy at Kisha's Fashion Studio suggested we try Burma SuperStar. Apparently they're the oldest Burmese restaurant in SF? I believe it! The service&the food definitely showed that they knew what they were doing.We got there right before the lunch rush hit, which was really awesome. We got the catfish chowder [SO GOOD] and the potato curry with the fried bread. The servers suggested we got the tea salad, so we got that as well [without peanuts, because I'm allergic]. The tea salad was definitely the star of the meal... it was SOOO delicious. I'm craving it right now!! I'll definitely be back, just for that tea salad haha.
First time ever try Burmese food and it's delicious.  I got lucky passing by on a Wednesday during lunch, and noticed no line outside so I didn't hesitate going in. This place is always hard to get in.I had the chicken curry which was very flavorful. Price is reasonable.
Closest way to enjoy Burmese food without needing a passport!!!The restaurant is pretty small and packed with smiling faces. (Always a good sign.) We had a bit of a wait, but it past by quickly while talking to friends under the outdoor heat lamps, sipping on the hot tea provided.The service was pleasant from start to finish. My friends and I put all our faith in our waiter to select the dishes. Of course he would know best. ;) All we specified was that we wanted a noodle, chicken, seafood, beef dish. We did however, request the Tea Leaf Salad and the coconut rice, and he graciously filled in the rest of our dinner menu. Call him AMAZING--all the dishes we tried were just superb! I can't quite recall the details of what he ordered for us, but I do know I left with a happy and full stomach!What I DO remember is:- Tea Leaf Salad (5/5): This popular dish was featured on Food Network and amazed to learn they go all the way to Burma to get tea for this salad! Call that authentic (or mad)!!! I enjoyed the crispy texture from the fried garlic chips, peanuts and greens. Yummy veggies!- Coconut Rice (5/5): Attention coconut lovers, a MUST GET! It's essentially white rice infused with coconut milk or flavoring. It isn't soupy, but perfectly fluffy white rice with a hint of coconut. Can't wait to return and try the rest of the menu.
The food is good, but the wait is killer. An hour and a half on a Wednesday? Thats pretty bad.Friends and I shared the Tea Leaf Salad, Mint Chicken, Braised Pork Belly and Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Chicken Curry Noodles).The Tea Leaf Salad is what everyone raves about and I have to say that I was disappointed. The various parts like the tea leaves, the fried garlic and nuts are all delicious and add great crunchy and flavor to the salad. I just don't like the choice of lettuce. I think they just used iceberg and it wasn't that pleasing.The Mint Chicken was spicy and flavorful. The Braised Pork Belly was much more subtle in flavor, but coupled well with the pickled mustard greens. The Nan Gyi Dok was fantastic, adding a slight creamy element to the meal. In addition, the coconut rice was on point. I wasn't expecting to be impressed by rice.Overall, the meal came out to about 17 bucks a person, which is alot more expensive that I'm accustom to paying for asian food. But its worth it, considering the uniqueness of the food.
Came at 8pm on a Thursday and didn't have to wait! The food was delicious, there's no denying that. I tried the tea leaf salad that this place is known for, it's unlike any salad I've had before and the flavors work really well together. Not gonna lie though, it wasn't that filling, especially for the price. Definitely worth ordering, but you need to order another dish. This is a good place for sharing and trying dishes you don't see too often. They also have a ton of vegetarian options :)
It was my first time here n I loved it..the food, service ambiance was all on point..we started off with tea leaf salad n lamb samosa n it was delish ..salad had an unusual taste in a very good way n samosa were meaty n delicious..my fav of all was the lamb chili it was cooked right with a little heat n spices..you gotta try the coconut rice I couldn't stop eating them..overall must must try
Pretty cool.. definitely worth doing at least once.They made us wait for almost one and a half hours, but once we got in, service was pretty fast.. Ambience of the place is really really ordinary, but the hype this place enjoys on yelp makes you totally ignore all non-food related concerns.Tea Leaf Salad is a pretty yummy crunchy tea-flavored appetizer.. pretty novel.. not something I am going to repeat order a lot, but considering how 1/2 the reviews of this place mention it, its definitely a must-eat if this is your first time at this place.Samusa Soup was really really awesome.. Its like liquid samosas.. no better way to describe it! Yummy samosa-ey liquid with crunchy pieces of samosa floating it in it.. awesomeness!The 3 entrees me and my 2 vegetarian friends ordered were decent, but did not manage to one-up the appetizers - Okra Tofu, Vegetable Curry Delux, and Firey Vegetables With Tofu. The coconut rice we ate them with though was really really creamy and awesome.All in all, this place has really good burmese food, especially appetizers. Will skip the 90-minute wait by ordering takeout the next time we want to eat here.
Yummy, but pricey food.
I know, I know, I should love it. The line of people outside, looking like those poor deadheads hoping for a ticket, I know I should be one. I should be saying, "OMG! The salads, they're are SO creative! And don't get me started on the curries!" I've tried. Really. Truly. A number of times. But I can't! I can't get on board! I can't feel the love. The food here is decent. If it were just another Asian restaurant on Clement, it would be totally on par. But since it's just that, and there's no salacious dancing boys or girls to accompany the tofu, or complimentary shoulder rub, or a crowd that is super social and likes to give hugs to each other, then that makes Burma Superstar (probably to it's own surprise) just another simple restaurant.It's the hype. It's not really BS. It's the drool dripping lemmings that I'm reviewing. Oh, hell. Ok. Ok. I'll give it 4 stars. Really, now that I've ranted, it's not their fault. It's the hipsters. They're to blame. Where do I review them, 'cause so help me, I'm giving them one star.
Love this place! Fantastic food and worth dealing with the hours (it closes between Lunch and Dinner) as well as the challenge of parking near by. One of my favorites in the city and is totally reasonable in terms of price!
Burma Superstar | 309 Clement St, San Francisco, CA 94118 | 415.387.2147Burma Superstar is one of those places I've been hearing about forever but never got a chance to try. On my last visit, the 1+ hour wait in the cold turned us off the track and I vowed to give it a try next time. The time finally came after a long drive from San Luis Obispo and the line wasn't long at all and was excited to give it a try.To kick things off, I wanted to take advantage of the Yelp check-in special of free Thai iced teas. Our waitress turned out to be a colossal pain in the ass about the whole thing and it took 10 minutes and 3-4 tries to convince her that we'd checked in to claim the iced teas.We started off with the samusa soup which came highly regarded from the Food Network, and it lived up to the hype. It's complete vegetarian, but the samusas and combination of spices made up for that just fine. We followed that up with the mild curry chicken noodles and the shrimp on cinnamon rice and chicken. Both dishes had great flavor though I could have used a bit more sauce on the noodles. It's worth mentioning that, while mixing the noodles for us, the server dumped the lemon on the table by my elbow (which found it's way onto the floor) and then scrapped off the seeds and pulp in the same spot and left it. WTF was that all about?Portion sizes are pretty small and prices are relatively high for what you're getting. The wait is usually ridiculous and I question whether it's truly worth it. If you come at off peak hours, it's excellent, just watch out for the waitress with the stink eye. She's always pissed about something.Food: 8/10Service: 3/10Price: $$Atmosphere: 7/10
There's nothing here that I've tried that I haven't liked! I usually don't dine in the restaurant because the place is small, and unless you get there early or make a reservation, you will be waiting a long time. Just to echo and support the reviews of others, I highly recommend the tea leaf salad. Never thought I would recommend a salad. I do suggest splitting it and an entree with someone for more substance though. I'd go with the curry chicken noodles or mint chicken if you do that. Granted, none of the above options are vegetarian (the tea leaf salad has shrimp powder or something), so keep that in mind when ordering.
Went a couple weeks ago after hearing about the deliciousness that is Burma Superstar from three separate friend groups. If they were all raving, I figured I should try it. I was not disappointed!My friend, who is apparently a Burma SuperStar pro, called as we were leaving the Sunset to put our names on the list. We still waited 20-25 minutes, but for 7pm I would have expected that. For dinner, we split the mango chicken, some sort of spicy lamb, samosas, and the rainbow salad. I loved all of it, and am only sad I couldn't order more. Can't wait to go back!
Wait is horrible. Tea leaf salad is good but I am not sure what the craze is about. It's not out of the world amazing. But their food is good, service is really fast if you can take the 1 hour wait. Coconut rise is a MUST!!!
burma STUPERstarYEP everything is super tasty b/c: three letters: MSG - in high doses/I was seriously effected to the point where half way through my meal I had to leave the rest and sit outside before I passed out. My heart was racing and I felt sick to my stomach!!! CRAZY!! I literally had to walk up and down the block because my heart was pounding out of my chest!!! - WARNING: If you are sensitive BEWARE. BTW - with all the HYPE on the great food here I made the mistake of not asking if they added MSG. aka: cheap chinese food syndrom/I thought it was a quality restaurant NOT/They do big time - when the reaction finally subsided I asked and the waiter told me they sprinkle it on top of every dish!! :((((((((( MSG is a poison, NOT an allergen, so strictly speaking, nobody is allergic to it, they're reacting to it as a toxin. It gets in the bloodstream and causes many toxic reactions that your body only slowly heals from -- below is a great article check it out !!! MSG is sic sh#% !!articles.mercola.com/sit
Um, one word: AMAZING. Not sure how you could give burma anything less than five stars!!!Def one of my favorite spots to eat at. Super yummy menu and killer cocktails. There is usually a long wait for dinner service but there's the 540 club down the street for drinks and they'll call you when your table is ready. I have lived everything I've had here but my favorite is the okra tofu dish with the burma style fried rice which is kiiiiiler. Also the tea leaf salad is must have, as well as the rainbow salad. Though if I had to choose, it'd be the tea leaf. Their hot tea is amazing too. I've taken lots of friends there and everything they've tried has received super good reviews. Although I don't eat meat, I hear the chicken n shrimp dishes are killer too. Definitely check this place out, it's one of the best places to eat in the city by far.I've also frequented the Oakland location which has a mellower wait and the second mini burma that just opened down the street from the original. They're both super good but the oakland location doesn't have my okra dish and so for me the original's worth the extra 20 minute wait cuz it has the full original menu.
I'll review this place for the taste, not the wait. Rainbow salad is seriously SO GOOD! A must order if you like papaya salad and/or texture food. The rest of the dishes were 3 - 4 stars too so I think it is a 4 star establishment! Is it worth the 3 hour wait? No. But we're reviewing the food, not the wait. Is it overhyped? Likely, but it's still delicious!
I love Burma superstar! We didn't plan on going here which made it of course 100x better when we took our chances in line and as they started letting people in we were literally the last ones who got a table! Crazy!!!!The tea leaf salad is really something! It is so good! All the textures, I was not expecting it but it was more than what I could've thought of in a good way.Coconut rice and lemon grass salmon! Everything that we ordered was great. It does get a little noisy in there and if you don't mind being right next to/near the couples or groups also dining there then this is where it's at.Every time that I walk by here, (too many times) there's always a line. Try to get in life before they open.Can't wait to go back!
mhmm :) The food is sooo yummy here. The lamb is delicious! I don't remember what it's called, but definitely try it out. I've never been a fan of lamb meat because of that after taste but this particular lamb dish from Burma was DELICIOUS! And.. don't forget to try their white sangria with lychee's! For sure if you want to try it out... come at least two hours before closing time because there are a lot of people and they will require you to order even before you are seated. The first time I went there... A guy, around 45 years old, tried to bribe the host with money. I thought that was pretty rude since everyone else is patiently waiting. I wonder if they even feel guilty about such a shameless act. :( Anyways, the dining area is really tight and the tables are really small... Service was good, despite the wait and crowded dining area. overall, 4 stars because the food was delicious, the host was professional, and the drinks were yummy.
Ate here at 5pm on a Thursday because I'm not big on waiting on lines for food. No wait and choice of tables, so try that strategy if you can! By the time we left 45 min later there was a line out the door. Get the tea leaf salad-- entertaining presentation and so, so delicious. Poodi was good if not a little one-note. I love potatoes and bread, but it didn't have much flavor aside from the whole chilis in the curry.
This past week, I've felt more guilty than lucky that I unintentionally missed Hurricane Sandy because of my need to support the Giants in the World Series. While my friends were displaced and battling rabid urbanites for the last bag of chips, I was contemplating where to eat dinner yesterday.Burma SuperStar has always been on my list of places to try but I just never made it before I moved to NYC and it never came to mind when I came back to visit until yesterday when my friend suggested it for dinner.The food was overall very great. I had never had Burmese food before and had no idea what to expect but it is very similar to Malaysian/Singaporean in that it has a lot of influences based in Chinese, Thai, Indian cuisines. The balance of flavors I would say is very Vietnamese with a cleaner palate focusing more on the subtlely sweet vinegar notes rather than a spicier Thai or Indian palette.My favorites were the suggested Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad. I could eat that Tea Leaf Salad everyday. At first glance, both salads didn't look that appealing, especially after they were mixed altogether. The Tea Leaf Salad looked like just some chopped lettuce with soggy looking tea leaves on top. But upon first bite, I could taste so many different flavors and textures yet together they were harmonious and subtle. I could taste that the peanuts and sesame seeds were all roasted and the fried garlic slivers were a beautiful addition to the overall texture. The Rainbow Salad reminded me a lot of a Vietnamese Bun (soupless vermicelli). The 22 ingredients were a lot harder to distinguish in flavor notes or textures but it was still good.We also opted to have the Pumpkin Pork Stew and the Nan Gyi Dok, which were flavorful but I feel less successful. Both dishes were served a bit too cold or lukewarm for my taste. The kabocha was cooked through but cold in the middle, which was a bit offputting. The rice noodles in the Nan Gyi Dok were interesting and very springy, a lot chewier than I'm used to but the texture was good - though I think I might prefer the flat noodles for the curry sauce the dish comes with.I will say that there is a noticeable disconnect between the host vs serving staff. The host was a bit standoffish and frantic and hadn't led us to the table and instead just told us, "Second from the back." Not a big deal but it's not a big restaurant; I didn't think it would be that much of an imposition to seat us. I hadn't cared too much but it did lead me to believe that this would be the tone of service for the rest of the night but that was pleasantly not the case. The waitresses and servers were all very friendly, knowledgeable, considerate, and even funny. Great recommendations, explanations of the menu, tableside service. I was very pleasantly surprised.
Do you like Indian food? Do you like Malaysian/Thai food? Do you like delicious food? If you answered yes, this just might be the place for you. I did and it was.Me and my sister came here on a Wednesday around 6 pm and didn't have to wait. We got all the recommended items (tea leaf salad, samusa soup, etc) and they are just as delicious as everyone says. Being a follower is not always a bad thing.So if you are in the area and haven't gone yet, what are you even doing with your life? Just go.
This is the longest I've waited for any restaurant in my life. I was quoted 1 hr 30 minutes, after that 45 minutes, and after that another 45 minutes. That equals 3 hours people! There's only so much free tea I can drink! While waiting, I learned that though it says on the website they don't take reservations, you can call in and put your name on the waiting list, and they go by their waiting list religiously. They will call those people first, even if you're standing right in front of them! So learn from my mistake, the food is good, but not worth the wait, save yourself some time and CALL AHEAD or order to go and eat in your car. Either way, its much faster.When we finally got a table, we ordered:TEA LEAF SALAD- has just the right blend of spices and ingredients to make you question if this is even healthy cuz its SO tasty!PUMPKIN PORK STEW- There was more pumpkin then pork, but it was still my favorite dish of the night. The pumpkin (squash) sauce is a flavorful medium between soupy and thick, just the way I'd like. Great for pouring over rice.COCONUT RICE- one order can really only fill up 2 people. Pretty good, had a creamy taste to it. A bit expensive though.SWEET AND SPICY CHICKEN- average, not as crispy as I'd like.This place does cost a pretty penny, but it's definitely a great place to splurge and bring family for a warm and hearty dinner.
Oh Burma Superstar. After several years of avoiding your lengthy lines, I finally decided to buckle down and wait for what seemed like decades to see what all of the hype was about. I don't even remember what I had, I'll be honest. My friend had your popular Tea Leaf Salad. That's all I remember. I am happy you have delighted the hearts of many. Lucky them!
Omg delicious! I'm not even sure what I was eating, but it tasty oh so good. Highly recommend the Tea Leaf Salad (and so do they). Really good and interesting.
Simply amazing. We let the waiter order for us and he was more than happy to (but with a preview of what he was going to order before putting it in).
3.5 stars.What's the most popular question I get when I mention to people that half of my family is Burmese/from Burma?"Have you eaten at Burma SuperStar?!"For years and years, I've said no, even though I've known of Burma SuperStar almost entire my conscious life. I have eaten at other Burmese restaurants, but the wait at Burma SuperStar had always deterred me from eating there. Finally, I can say, "Yes I have!"What finally got me to go to Burma SuperStar is its place on the Big Eat SF list: #17 samusa soup. For the sake of completing the list, I'll wait in line. For the sake of the list, I'll empty out my wallet. Oh, the things I do for that list!However, I didn't have to wait. I lucked out by coming to lunch 30 minutes before they closed.We had: samusa soup, pork curry with garlic, garlic noodles with duck, and a side of coconut rice.The samusa soup was amazing. I had never had it before, at home or at another Burmese restaurant. The broth tasted like tom yum soup, but with curry. The parts of samusa in there were good and made the soup more hearty, although I don't like beans.The garlic noodles lacked flavor. The only garlic that was in there were bits of fried garlic at the bottom of the dish. There was very little of it, so really the noodles just tasted like oily noodles and there was very little duck in it.Bf really liked the pork curry. It was OK, I didn't think it was anything special. Something (the pork or the potatoes) was supposed to be marinated in pickled mangoes and I couldn't taste that. The pork was very tender, though.I don't know why I let the bf order coconut rice.. I hate coconut! It tasted like it should've been part of a dessert and not a part of my savory meal.This place is very herbivore friendly and they can make almost any dish vegetarian. It would've been nice to come here when I was still a vegetarian.Overall: food was OK, samusa soup was very good, but I probably won't return.
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE I'VE HAD IN SF SO FAR! Everything is amazing and you can't go wrong with any option on the menu. Try to get there around a half hour before they open for dinner to get a spot at the front of the line (yes, a long line will form). Lots of vegetarian options for those of you who don't eat meat. Make sure to start with the Tea Leaf Salad.
Went there last night for my Wife's birthday, as she loves Burmese food!Now I hate waiting for tables, especially in a city like SF where there's good food everywhere, but it wasn't MY birthday so off we trotted to Burma Superstar. 6.15pm on a Tuesday, and a 45 minute wait for a table of 2!!!!Now normally I'd get all grumpy and we'd end up going elsewhere, but their system works so well it really doesn't matter about the wait. Leave a phone number and they'll call you when your table's ready- there's a bar a block away, job done!  We had a drink and headed back over, and sure enough the 45 minute estimate was spot on.Seated at a nice window table (the place is cramped to dont expect any extra room, but not horribly so) we ordered waaay too much food:Lamb Samusas: Best samusa/samosa I've had from any cuisine. Get them. Now.Garlic Noodles with Duck: 8/10 Very niceRice with all the nuts and raisins etc: GreatPumpkin Shrimp: So large and filling we still have a load, but very tasty.Steak Kebat: Waiter's favorite, our least favorite. Still very nice but didnt quite have the flavour of the other dishes.Pea Shoots: Great and simple vegetable side.So way too much food for 2, but leftovers today will be worth it. The only real downside is some of the dishes seem very overpriced. But others seem very reasonable.  Oh, one other downside is that the place is crawling with bearded hipsters guys and girls with facial piercings. Now I'm no prude (I even have a tattoo!!!! Look at me being all adventurous!) but it's their inane chatter about how when they first came here it wasn't even popular and there was no wait that does my head in. No worries, once you're inside it's so loud you cant even hear them. :D
This place is SPECIAL. I don't even live in San Francisco and heard about this place all the way in Texas. During my last trip to the bay area, I made sure to stop by and I was not disappointed. The famous tea leaf salad was one of the BEST salads I have ever eaten. My friends and I were very satisfied with the food and the service. We left the restaurant quite full and happy. :) This is a must if visiting San Francisco. I am sad that I live so far away.
Great food, good service, long lines. Worth the wait in the line, but that's the reason for only 4/5. Otherwise I love this place.
Been here so many times over the last 8 years and every time has been (near) spectacular. Only problem is it's super busy and the wait on weekends is usually pretty ridiculous. Try calling on your way there and put your name on the list. Not good for large parties. We did have 8 one time and that was about max.FOOD: Overall, delicious. Can't really go wrong with any of their selections. I'd recommend going with 3-4 people so you can family style it up. Samusas or Veggie Samusa soup are always good starters, must get tea leaf salad (don't think I've even tried the others), garlic chili shrimp or lamb (spicy but clear out your sinuses), walnut shrimp is standard everywhere, any of the coconut chicken curry noodle dishes you'll be good with, sesame beef for the white people out there. Haven't had dessert cause we're always way too full.SERVICE: busy but good for how busy it is. They give you time to order, but are ready when you need them. Carefully mix your tea leaf salad for you - i tried the first time i went and the guy was like, no no no, haha.TIPS:-call ahead to put your name on the list. Really helpful if you're driving in from other parts of the bay. It's nice when you arrive and your table is ready! -order the tea leaf salad. amazing.
Holy smokes this is some of the best food I have ever tried!I had no idea what to except but saw that it ranked really high on Trip Advisor in San Francisco. I arrived on a Saturday night and saw a huge crowd outside the place. After parking and walking over they informed us that there would be a 30 minute wait. While waiting we looked over the menu and decided what we would order. I ordered the Lamb Curry and Red Catfish Curry and was blown away with the amazing flavors. The lamb was gamey and perfectly flavored in the rich curry. I added it to the rice and was in heaven. The catfish curry was almost as impressive with great mix of sweet and spice. Overall, I was very impressed with my first foray into Burmese food. It has such great flavors and seems to be a mix between Thai and Indian cuisine.
Only been once - a little adventurous for me but I liked it a lot!Tea leaf salad was unique and delish - can't get it off my mind. Some pumpkin shrimp dish was yummy too too. Go with friends (it's served family style) and sample some new fun stuff. Staff seems very accommodating. Wait time can be ugly, be prepared. Save room for dessert!
I absolutely love this place. The one in Oakland on Telegraph is small cozy n the food is de-licious. I always spend close to $100 but tbat is for 2 with appetizer, meal, wine, and desert. Definitely well worth every penny spent. I cant wait to visit again when Im in the area. I highly recommend.
Great food indeed, but after trying it for the first time and having higher expectations I'm very surprised people wait as long as they do to eat there. But to be fair I didn't have the tea leaf salad that is supposed to be the most popular. However I did have the samosa soup and curry noodles, which i thought were very good but again thought it would be better. i would go again but not if I had to wait more than 15 minutes. Those people that wait hours are nuts.
This is one of those hole in the wall places with AMAZING food that you want to keep as a secret! Yet... with almost 5,000 reviews the secret is already out! Ugh!!! To say that if you get to this place at the wrong time... you could be waiting 20 to 30 minutes is an understatement!!! Luckily we got here about 45 minutes before their opening on Sunday. That was purely by luck but we were almost first in line! Is the wait worth every minute!? Just ask anyone as they are leaving! I doubt this place gets many bad reviews... if any! The staff is friendly and they know their stuff! Ask a question and they have a great answer! There is no waiting on anything!!! They are always busy but there is always water on the table! I should know... I drink water like I was dying of dehydration! To say I can drink 5 to 6 glasses at a sitting is no joke! But back to the service... the food is brought out quickly! Faster then you would think! This is the kind of place you want to come to starving and in a group of four or more... Why!?... That way you can try more dishes!!! The food is just that good! Really!!!Suggestions on dishes!?... I can only tell you what we had and what we though of each one. To start with... a must... The Tea Leaf Salad! Sounds a bit strange I will admit and when you see it... you might think WTH is this!? Not that it doesn't look well presented or anything! For a foodie it's pure Heaven and for the rest of us... it's still pretty amazing! Nothing like anything I have ever tried before but it's very tasty! A mixture of crunchy and textures. Both burst of flavors you can't quite describe. Well, I was at a loss of words for sure! The Garlic Chili Shrimp... is very good!!! Lots of flavor and your stomach will be saying MORE!!! There isn't much in the dish besides shrimp, onions and garlic. That's all this dish needs! Spicy and Crispy Chicken... OMG!!! This was my favorite dish by far!!! Talk about flavor!!! If you like lemon chicken, orange chicken or any dishes like that... this kicks their ass!!! So amazing and bursts of flavor! Truly it is crispy and crunchy but with tender meat on the inside! I can't wait to go back again and have it again!!!Garlic Noodles... I will have to say I wasn't all that impressed with but maybe it was because we ordered it with duck!? I think if it had bits of fried garlic bits in it... then it would be so much better!!! I would say with all the garlic flavor... it just seemed to be missing something! Not a dish I will order again. Burmese Style Fried Catfish Curry... not what you are thinking of at all! It's not like any curry that I have ever had and believe me I LOVE curry from all cultures!!! It's not like any flavor I have ever had. More on the mild side with lots of flavor!!! The fish is cooked to perfection! I am not a lover of catfish or any fishy tasting fish! Yet, this had a very mild flavor and the curry sauce really compliments it! I would have it again for sure! I know we had a few more dishes and I will try to add them on later on... but for now this gives you a few ideas... recommendations to try. The one thing you have to have... is the Coconut Rice!!! It's sooooo good on it's own!!! That it just adds an amazing added flavor to each dish that you put over it. It's not like sticky rice at all! It's a very mild but with an amazing taste of Coconut! Your stomach will love you for trying it!!! I don't give many 5 stars but this place deserves it!!! Go and you will see just what I mean! Make you stomach a happy one! EnJoy!
Burma SuperstarSF: RichmondWednesday 15th August 2012 Five StarsI don't even know Burmese food is but I like it. Burma Super Star does not take reservations but you can call ahead and put your name on the waitlist. They told us 45 minutes but they pushed us up by 20 minutes so we missed the first available table. However, after enduring 35 more minutes of waiting around, we were seated in the back of restaurant. The food was out of this world good. We started with the Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad. Both came out with all of the ingredients separated into little distinct piles. The waiter listed the ingredients and then mixed into deliciousness.  I enjoyed the Rainbow salad more because the four types of noodles but the majority of the table enjoyed the tealeaf salad better. Although we disagreed on preference, both were phenomenal. We then ordered Tofu Shan Noodles, Oxtail Claypot, Curry Vegetables, and Coconut Rice. I can't even explain how the good the dishes were. GO THERE, WAIT an HOUR, & EAT AMAZING FOOD!
Always LOVE the food at this restaurant. They can get VERY busy and overbooked, but it is worth the wait. I love their Lemongrass Chicken dish. Best time to go is for lunch on a weekday (weekends and weeknights are very busy).
Really really good, but not really really great.Tea Leaf Salad good but not amazing. That said it was really enjoyable to eat with a nice crunchiness from the peanuts. I could have eaten 3 of them, which would have been better than eating the Braised Pork Belly with Bok Choy-tasty if not healthful. The Chicken Curry w/potatoes was very good, but the best dish was the Bun Tay Kauswer noodles, which was silky with a wonderful flavor. The Vegetable Curry Delux was good, too. In the end I think we ordered too many currys-our fault. Want to go back.
Always think that maybe it is not going to be worth the wait. It always is.
the salad is amazing!
I had never had Burmese before. This place provided me with a very welcoming introduction. We had the tea leaf salad, the rainbow salad, and the Samusa salad and the platha and dip to start. If you're looking to try a variety, that's a good way to start. All were excellent and emphasized different flavors. Then we did the chili lamb and pork and pumpkin for dinner with coconut rice. Both excellent. Get here early or be prepared to wait. They are kind enough to take your phone number and call you when your table is ready though.
The wait outside was fun because of the cute cups and hot jasmine/green tea. Got seated at a community table which was fun. Two medium sized parties sharing a lazy Susan was a little humorous at my side of the table anyway. Everything we got was so good. Ginger lemonade is really ginger-ful. The fried rice is so simple looking and unexpectedly more delicious - I had more than two servings. The appetizers were so good. We had the thin rice pancake with the chicken curry. And a lamb potsticker deal (had a flaky crust so prob not a potsticker). Tempted to order more things but we got full after three appetizers, sides of rice and the beef curry (so good)
The food is amazing, but the wait isn't. My advice - order take out and go pick it up.
When my friend told me this place was this shit, I was kinda skeptical. I've had burmese food before...I thought it'd all be kinda the same. Um no, I was wrong. This place is fuckin awesome. Everything we had was DELICIOUS. The tea leaf salad was phenomenal. Who knew a salad with tea leaves would even be good. The dumpling soup and mint chicken were also awesome. Too bad this place isn't anywhere near where I live or I'd be going back constantly.
Really good, Tea Leaf Salad was awesome as was the Chilli Lamb. We also had one of the curry noodles (the mild one, can't remember the name) which was excellent, and the Basil Chili Pork Belly which was good but -- compared to how good everything else was -- disappointed a bit.
Coconut Shrimp, Garlic noodles with Duck, coconut rice, and the house ale. Doesn't get better.
yes the tea leaf salad is great. I got the combo with the soup, along with the veggie samosas and ginger lemonade. Soup was ok, not stellar but next time I'd probably order just the tea leaf salad. Service was good and I was able to get a seat on Friday at 2:30.
Not sure what exactly is the hype with this place, but it's always just been okay for me. I've been here on three different occasions. My friends tend to choose this place because it's highly rated on yelp and I admit their tea leaf salad is pretty damn good -- if you go, DO get that, but I haven't had any other dish that is amazing.However, their vegetarian samusa soup was too thick and heavy for me. I felt like I was drinking curry -- not soup. I also had this catfish dish, which I thought really wasn't that great -- but to be fair, my Burmese friend had said that it was traditional Burmese food and chances were I probably wasn't going to like it.The other dishes I've had (don't really remember them), but there was dishes from the chicken and vegetarian section were alright. They were definitely bad, but not terribly memorable.Chances are...I would come back to this place, but it would be unlikely for me to recommend this to other friends.
Worth the long wait if you are patient with no place to wait it out but the food is excellent.
Excellent dinner...love visiting here when I'm in town! We started with the tea leaf salad (incredible flavors; a must have for each visit), followed by Mint Chicken, Chicken with Basil, Wok Sauted Broccoli, and Eggplant with Garlic. This was too much food for two, but we knew that going into the eating experience! We wanted to try a variety, and were not disappointed! To put icing on the cake, I asked the server to relay to the chef to use minimal oil, and no MSG - they happily complied (thank you!) and the good came out delicious, full of flavor, and best of all, a much cleaner eating experience that I didn't have to feel guilty about.
Mmm. I echo all the wonderful reviews. Delicious a must try.
If you've never eaten here before, I feel bad for you son. You got 99 problems, and that is definitely one.Solid food, great atmosphere, excellent service. It's like Indian+Thai+Chinese food got together, and created the most delicious cuisine to ever exist. The boyfriend and I ordered enough food to feed all of San Francisco, with excellent recommendations from our waitress. Some food tasted better than others, but everything tasted great. The Spicy & Crispy chicken was definitely my favorite. Burma Superstar, I love you, and shall return!
This place is amazing! the best tea leaf salad, you have to try it!
I can't believe I've lived in SF for 26 years and just now "discovered" BS. The staff is excellent, the ambiance was very relaxed, food was amazing. A a rare good deal in SF.
Not even sure how there are less than 5 star votes on here, this place is top 5 restaurants in SF without a doubt. The amusingly reasonable pricing doesn't reflect that but the food taste and quality do. Been on a few dates here as well as touring out of town friends around, in both cases they say it was the best place they've had while in SF. Tea Leaf salad should be on everybody's table at all times, drinks are delicious, appetizers are flavorful, entrees are phenomenal, staff are very pleasant. The only downfall is the wait time BUT hey you're in the city of San Francisco, we only have so much space and so many people, if you can't deal with that you might want to cross any bridge and exit fast. I highly recommend Burma Superstar to anyone living or visiting SF.
Parking - meter, free after 6pmWe came at around 5:45 and had to wait at least 45 minutes. I would suggest arriving earlier to avoid a wait. The food was decent, but maybe I had higher expectations based on the # of reviews. Ordered:* soup - This dish was recommended by the server as it's what brings customers back. I thought it was bland and I wouldn't order again. * tea leaf salad - another Burmese signature dish. Had this at another restaurant before and it was done the same. It is pretty good, light, and healthy. Nothing earth shattering about it. *garlic prawns - delicious* spicy chicken - like general tzo's was also tasty
5 stars for the Samusa Soup - if I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life, I would be hard pressed to find something I would rather have! I am not a fan of the wait, in fact I have only eaten in the restaurant on a couple of occasions because of this. Non-stop crowd of people out front during lunch or dinner. I do like how you can put your name on the list and wander down Clement and have them call you when your table is ready. The Tea Leaf Salad, Sesame Beef, Fiery Beef and Coconut Rice are all pretty amazing. Protip: you can get takeout!
Tea Leaf Salad and Garlic Noodles are A+
Oh how I miss living in San Francisco - If for nothing else than for Burma Superstar. Please go here if you haven't yet and go again, for those of us no longer living in the city. Get the tea leaf salad, the samusa soup, curry noodles, and the list goes on. You won't go wrong with anything you order here. You will have to wait for dinner, the place is small with few tables. All you have to do is put your name in and go grab a drink at one of the many bars on the block. It is worth the wait!!!
Tea Leaf salad and Samousa Soup! Done. That's all I need so freaking good! Tea leaf salad is like nothing I've ever tasted before! So flavorful and crunchy all in one bite! We ordered a few other items off the menu but I just thought they were ok. I think my next visit I'll just order a Tea leaf salad for myself.
Came here on a recommendation of several people. There was quite a wait when we got there, but we put our names down and walked down the street to grab a drink. When we finally got sat (about 45 min later), the place was packed, so you get a very "intimate" experience with your neighbor, which was fine with us.We ordered the salad that they're known for (apperantly featured on the food network), and it was great! The Tea Leaf soup and the Chili Pork Belly dish were two other divine dishes that we split. If you don't mind the wait, and have never tried Burmese food (kinda a mix between Thai and Indian), you gotta try this little gem. Well worth the wait and a great selection of unique dishes and cocktails.
We came to Burma Superstar on a recommendation from a friend. I have to admit, I was skeptical when she said that the two things to get were the tea leaf salad and coconut rice. But WOW this place was good. We started with the Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad. Both were jam packed with flavor. The Tea Leaf Salad lived up to the hype. It was a totally new taste. The service was awesome; our waiter was very friendly and we appreciated having the ingredients all explained to us. We then split the Vegetable Curry Delux and Burmese Style Curry with Lamb. Both were superb, although the lamb curry was better. It had so much flavor and went really well with the infamous coconut rice. The veggie curry was also very good; there were lots of veggies and they were perfectly crunchy. The coconut rice is worth highlighting too - it is delicious and you are missing out if you skip it!We got there at 4:45 to make sure we got in at the first sitting. By the time we left at 6, it looked like there was already a crazy long wait. If you're not interested in waiting, I'd suggest skipping lunch and getting there for an early dinner when they open at 5. Made it a painless experience. It was a ton of food, very reasonable, and all around delicious. Highly recommended! Would definitely come back next time we're in the neighborhood!
Definite winner...worth the wait!
This is an excellent restaurant. The service is quick and friendly and the food is so very delicious. Find parking is the only problem ... and they don't generally seat you unless everyone in the party is there. But, its worth it .. go often!
I try to stop in every time i am in SF. I love the pumpkin pork stew and the tea leaf salad. This place is usually packed to the gills, but luckily there is another location just down the street! Indefinitely recommend Burma Superstar for the foodies!
We are so glad we listened to our friend when she recommended Burma Superstar! We relied on our waiter to direct us in the right direction. With his recommendation we started off with the Tea leaf salad and let me tell ya, it was like a party in your mouth! We shared the beef Burmese style curry and the chili lamb over coconut rice. Both amazing! We ended with the fresh fruit platha. I would highly recommend this restaurant and I will definitely return next time I'm in town!
While the food at this place is decent, the one-hour wait is definitely a huge turn off. There is a Burmese place on Clement and 33rd - Pagan - that has food that is as good, or arguably better, than Burma Super Star's. I'd give Burma Superstar a higher score if it weren't for the long waiting times.
Really love coming to this place. It's not often but when I do I know I'll have a fantastic meal. I've brought several people here before and they all seem to really enjoy it as much as I do. I've only gone to the location in Alameda and every time I've gone there's a bit of a wait. I really wouldn't recommend coming here with a big party, too small inside. The best is to keep a max of 4 ppl in your group to truly enjoy this place. The food speaks for itself, delicious, flavorful and satisfying. I'm sure that each time I've gone I attempt to try something new and was never disappointed that I did. Must try if in the Alameda/Park St. area!
This place is fantastic. Great service, great food. It was my first time having Burmese food, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. They make the salads right in front of you! Unfortunately, the place is quite popular, so you might have to wait to be seated. The nice thing is that they take your phone number and call you when your table is ready. If you're looking for something to do while you wait, I suggest walking one block West on the same side of the street; there is a pet store / aquarium with an impressive selection of tropical fish!
Food is awesome, love the ingredients..Have good quality taste. Hardly any other placesCan beat the food they have here..Long story short..Definetly. Come here for hunger..Never regret.
This place is amazing. I was close to giving it 4 stars because of how ridiculously long the wait is. I wish they would take reservations, but the food here is delicious and the staff is uber friendly and knowledgeable about their food, so 5 stars it is.First time I came here was just with the bf. Food and service was great, but we could only order a few dishes. Second time, we came with a group and had a MUCH better experience. We each ordered a dish and got to try a wide variety of stuff:- Vegetarian Samusa Soup- Tea Leaf Salad (they highly recommend this)- Steak Kebat (this was a table favorite. yummy with coconut rice!)- Nan Piak Dok (suuuuper good. definitely recommend this!)- Garlic Noodles- Vegetarian noodles- Pork Belly- Chili lamb And some others that I can't recall off the top of my head. The above were the ones that stood out to me. Come early and be prepared to wait! Luckily there is a Quickly nearby :)
EXCELLENT food. Nan dia pok was so flavorful and unlike any other cuisine I've had. Service was great and there was a small wait-- we sat at the round table with two other couples. The ambiance was nice and it seemed to really attract locals
Good stuff!Went there with a few friends and ordered something like 10 different dishes to share. Every single dish was great.Not sure I can say anything that's not been said in the 4,000 previous reviews so I'll leave it at that!
One of my favorite places in SF. I've been up and down the menu and have never been disappointed. Good service great atmosphere can't go wrong.
Came here with my mom and sister since we were in the area. We had their special Tea Leaf Salad which has to be the healthiest salad I've ever had. We also ordered their chicken samuras. I had the braised pork curry as my entree. The food was good and very flavorful.. But I don't think it was AMAZING. I definitely will come back though to try their pumpkin stew. Clean & great customer service!
I went there a long time ago. It is delicious. The tea salad is a must try. It is a totally unexpected taste but yet so delicious. The flavors of Burmese food are different but definitelly worth a try even if you have to wait in line for it.
This restaurant has it all. Bustling atmosphere, delicious food & drinks, friendly service, and a unique type of food!I always bring my out-of-town guests here, it's a must visit.
Always amazing. The tea leaf salad is the bomb and worth the hour plus wait to get in. When ever I am entertaining Chefs from other parts of the globe, I always take them here. everybody loves it.
This is a small restaurant in Alameda that offers great vegetarian choices. I really like the fact that the food is not too spicy, unless specified on the menu. There is nothing I have had there that I have not loved! :D
One of my favorite places to come to!I looove getting the Rainbow Salad, I will often walk from my work and order that for pick up. Clement has such great places to eat!I highly recommend Burma Superstar!
They always knock it out of the park, recently had brunch there for the first time after many dinners and it was sooooo good! It really is a can't miss on Clement.
I've visited B.S. on many occasion. It's a good restaurant in the sense that the food is consistently good. However, it's not the best Burmese in town, the place usually has a long wait, and it's overpriced. Also, it's invariably packed in need of ventilation, and the acoustics are terrible. I value my dining experience almost as much as the food. So unless it's the middle of the afternoon when I can grab a table quickly and also not have to shout at my dining partner in order to be heard, I go elsewhere.
First time I've ever had Burmese food and and glad I got to try it at Burma Superstar.Long lunch wait, but so worth the wait. We had the tea leaf salad and samusa soup was excellent.We ordered 2 other dishes which I can't remember the names but I recalled it excellent as well. Sevice is excellent. Food is very flavorful. One of the best restaurants I've every eaten at. Would highly recommend to everyone.  I wish they had one in S. Calif.
Come prepared for a wait. Every time I come here they are too busy and send me to B-Star, their sister restaurant down the street. B-Star is pretty good.
BURMA SUPERSTAR IS THE BEST RESTAURANT IN THE BAY AREA : )Why, you ask? I'm going to tell you. The bay area boasts many delicious, high quality, unique and well-priced eating establishments. However, I think Burma Superstar is the most unique among them. It's a must eat when visiting SF.Here's how you do it: Arrive no later than 8:30 PM and get on the list. Then go to a nearby pub and have drinks until they call you. When you are seated order the food network-acclaimed tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and coconut rice. Then order an entree or more of your choice (I like the chili garlic shrimp). Prepare to be blown away. And stuffed. And get a to-go box with an extra order of coconut rice. You're welcome. :)
4 and a half stars.My roommate called in and put our name in and was told the wait would be about an hr. It was actually an hr 30, which isn't too bad. The food is worth the wait in my opinion. Although the place is pretty small overall, it still felt clean and open. We had the tea leaf salad, spicy lamb, classic shrimp & rice casserole, and pork garlic noodles. Everything was tasty but the MUST HAVES were:Tea leaf salad - great to start with because it makes you feel like you're eating healthy.... then BAM out comes the mound of rice and deep fried stuff (but at least you had a healthy salad right???). It's actually extremely flavorful and the presentation was very nice as well.Spicy lamb - I'm all about spicy food so this wasn't very spicy at all but it was very flavorful. The meat was tender and there was a good amount of it.PS. There's hot tea/heat lamps outside while you wait, which definitely helped. Also go to the ice cream crepe place across the street after for dessert.
Ambiance is great. Everyone was lively even though there was a torrential downpour happening outside. The restaurant smelled amazing so it amplified the anticipation for the food to come.I ordered the samosa soup to share which was fantastic -- as expected. Definitely enough for 3 people.My entree was the eggplant which was amazing! The garlic chili sauce was phenomenal, and the eggplant was perfectly prepared.Last but not least. The staff. They were extremely attentive despite the packed house and very welcoming. I will definitely come back.
The two salads offered at this place (tea leaf and rainbow) are a must regardless of the negative reviews that you may have seen. Honestly, they are unique and the combinations utilized impart some unanticipated flavor. *The rainbow salad was impressive, especially since the dish consists of 20+ ingredients! Normally, when we start hitting that many ingredients, the item starts to taste like an orgy of confusion. Totally not the case. DO NOT WRITE IT OFF!*The tea leaf salad completely blew me away. I remember this dish having a large amount of nuts (which I love but not in the way most of you inappropriate readers are thinking). The fermented tea leaves sealed the deal and took this dish to another level. Again, I found myself in a situation where something was so good that I actually became infuriated. How could this place do this to me? I knew I had to leave SF in a couple of days and Burma Superstar just had to ruin my entire trip.We order so many dishes that: 1) I don't remember what they were called and 2) the waitress had to stop us from destroying ourselves. SO, I dont remember many their names but all were fantastic. *Platha with dip was awesome and reminded me of the chinese version of a green onion pancake, but with DIP that was curry-like. Chili Lamb was EHHH. Wouldn't recommend it but if you love lamb, try it for yourself!Basil Chili Pork Belly holds a special place in my heart. Many people find it fatty (which it is) and heavy (which it is) but I think eating this dish takes me back in time to the childhood years where I got to eat this without worry about any longterm cardiovascular consequences.*Nan Gyi Dok was delightful, recommended by the waitress, and definitely did not disappoint. Noodles were soft and the curry was mellow with a slight tang to it. I kept eyeing this dish at our table but needed to suppress my greed for the sake of courtesy.LOVELY place with the typical asian clickity clang of pots and pans coupled with casual chatter. Service was fast, attentive, responsive. TRY IT!
Amazing! Started with the Burmese Samusas which had awesome flavor. I sat at the communal table and the people next to me and I were sharing our food so I was able to try several things I didn't order. Coconut rice was great. Basil Chili pork belly was awesome especially with some extra chili pepper. I've never had Burmese food, and I ate here on my 24 hour trip to San Fran. I'd love to go back again!
I had heard a lot of hype before I went. The food was great.
Soooo delicious! This was my first time eating Burmese food, and it was absolutely yummy. I went here with my family for my mom's birthday and ordered the traditional Burmese dishes. We had Tea Leaf Salad and the Rainbow Salad (which was my favorite)! We also got coconut rice and lamb curry, amongst other tasty dishes.My only issue is that my family and I waited a little over two hours to be seated. They don't take reservations, so if you're planning on going with a large party, I suggest that you don't. This restaurant is best suited for parties no larger than 4.
The food surprised our palates! We enjoyed the atmosphere, it was at times hard to hear the conversation, because the restaurant was packed on a Saturday afternoon. The best part was the complimentary hot tea served outside on a brisk afternoon, if you can find a cup.There are crepe-waffle cones sold across the street in a small Asian store.
AMAZING burmese food. Do think the spice levels were low compared to what I had in Burma, and wish they'd take the chinese dishes off the menu but amazing food
Went at off-peak time and got in right away although it was fairly busy. Tried the tea leaf salad and samosa soup. The food came out almost right away and it was so enjoyable. Ordered a 'Good Earth' drink that was really good as well - a concoction of rice, cinnamon, and some sort of alcohol. Burmese cuisine is very unique and am looking forward to trying other dishes and other restaurants.
Was excellent in it's own right, but at the end of the day.... nothing really wowed me.Tea life salad was an interesting array of flavors and textures but with 2 average curries that followed and so much competition nearby I don't understand the hype.The desert of shaved ice was another specimen of good, not great.
I came here to try the rainbow salad to go since it is what the server recommended and it wasn't that great or a large serving. My friend had one of their chicken dishes but it also wasn't anything special. Maybe next time I'll try something else.
Food: 3/5- Good solid food, but nothing to go gaga over. The coconut rice is good, but they skimp you on the portion. Moh Hinga was good with nice contrast of textures. The Beef Burmese Curry was also solid. The Basil Chil Pork Belly was just average and tasted like a basic stir fry served at other Asian restaurants.Service: 4/5- The servers here are attentive and friendly. Environment: 3/5- The restaurant is a bit tiny and cramped. I've been there twice. The first time, I had to wait an hour or so (not worth the wait). The second time, we went just when they opened for lunch (no wait). Value: 3/5- Average price for Asian family style food, but their portions should be bigger. Return again?: Maybe, but only if I don't have to wait.
Everything here is great, except for the line.
Excellent restaurant. My daughter treated me to a late evening dinner and the food was outstanding. I had never had burmese food and it was all very fresh and delicious. We had to wait for around an hour however, even at 9 p.m. and the dining room was a bit on the crowded side. Other wise the service was quite good, and the surroundings while simple, enjoyable.
Haven't been in a while, but this place is terrific. We sampled just about everything on the menu and it was all amazing. Service is top notch. Don't let the long lines deter you - totally worth it.
Mind blown! We had the tea leaf salad, pork pumpkin, and fried yellow tofu. I will dream about this food.
Its' alright. The wait was longer than it should be. Given that we could have waited for more than 30 mins in order to get in if we didn't know anybody there. Fortunately, we did know someone and we didn't have to suffer the wait. Even though we didn't have to wait, I kind of feel that the food is too salty and I have to drink a lot of water after having my dinner there. Don't get me wrong, their food are delicious. However, I would prefer less salty dishes instead of using a lot of seasoning. If you are someone who enjoy dishes that have strong flavor- Burma Superstar is for you.If you would prefer lighter dishes- Maybe you can give it a try? but for me, I would not go back.
The Other half & I were shopping for books @ Green Apple - love that place - & wanted to stop for a quick/cheap lunch. But everywhere we went were either crowded or serves really meh food. Finally, we just said "screw it" & came here.There was a tiny little bit of a wait but we got a table quickly. We started out with a couple of Ginger lemonades that looked kind of murky but tasted super good. I especially liked the spiciness of the ginger which was prominent but not overpowering. We then went on to the Samusa which had really good flavor. I liked that these were wrapped in spring roll wrappers instead of the thick pastry from INdian restaurants. I think chowed down on a Burmese curry with lamb that wasn't super spicy & the lamb was tender & game'y. To nit pick, some of the pieces were too broken down to eat on a plate. He got the Spicy crispy chicken which was not spicy, the sauce was too thick, & was reminiscent of General Tsao's chicken. Instead of rice, we got Platha which were too thick & oily & didn't really go well with the rest of our food.We left with full tummies, lots of leftovers, & a decent-sized dent in my wallet. But what the heck, we don't eat like this everyday.
Delish!!! Amazing food!! Everything we've ever ordered from there has been absolutely amazing. However, watch out, the lines can get very long and they don't take reseravations! Don't go when you're starving.
great
Delish
Love it
yummmm
Awsome
Great!
Yummy
yum.
xx
Not bad
The mango rice is to die for. I constantly find myself thinking about that dish. Dinner was pretty good. Very busy and try and come early for a table. Service was excellent as well. Parking sucks due to the fact that it is on Clement and there are a bunch of restaurants around.
The wait here is always long. We finally decided to jump in the line one afternoon because of a gift certificate. Let's say it's not worth the wait. I believe most of the hype is made up by tourists.  The food is so-so...nothing spectacular. We ordered family-style. Crispy chicken, Burma beef, spicy shrimp, pumpkin shrimp, coconut rice, garlic noodles, and tea leaf salad. The pumpkin shrimp was a bit different and the tea lea salad was good. As for the rest of the dishes, the flavors all seem to blend together, nothing stood out. Honestly, leave the line for the tourist and their picture taking, head down to the sister resturant, B-star. The food here is a variation of it, but the line is a hour shorter.
After an 1:45 hour wait we finally got seated and it was definitely worth it. The service here was great and we constantly had people checking up on us and giving out refills. The tables are placed a little close to each other so people can listen in on your conversation.Recommended:Tea leaf saladSpicy lamb: the crunch bits (coffee?) is interestingDecent:Platha with curry: the curry taste good (a bit sweet) but the platha was just okaySamusa Soup - if you don't like tangy soup don't order this
Great, delicious food!Alas, there is a long wait to be seated. ;(
The wait... The line... Yes, they are long. Just put your name down on the list and go grab a drink at one of the nearby bars. They will text or call when your table is ready.The food is great, family-style dining and reasonable prices. Everything on the menu has been fantastic.
Went with a party of four and all of our dishes were unique and fantastic. Started with the famed tea leaf salad which was incredible. Steak Kebat, Pork Shoulder, Curry Chicken and Curry Catfish followed paired with coconut jasmin rice. As described above, every dish was distinctly separate from one another, something I find rare in Asian inspired cuisine. Steak Kebat was the highlight for myself. The spicy sauce paired with the tenderness and quality of the meat was unmatched by any other dish. The staff was attentive and extremely friendly - our water glasses never got under half empty at any point in the meal. For all of the people dinging the reviews of this place because of the wait - quit Yelp while you can. Of course there is a wait, this place is amazing. The restaurant only has a limited amount of tables, it can only serve so many people at once, and people demand this restaurant so there is a line. Very simple math. I hope to conquer this menu in the next few months.
Yeah want to go back already. This place already has a ton of great reviews so all I really want to highlight is the Coconut Rice I was obsessed with it.
We found Burma Superstar by chance when we went to San Francisco a couple months ago. a line of people snaked half a block away from the restaurant trying to get in to have a taste of this place so called Burma Superstar. After about 1.15 hour, our name was called and were seated. Later we found out that this place was profiled in one of the travel food channel. Everything in the menu sounds so good, but instead we went with popular food, food that got this restaurant a hype. Tea Leaf SaladVegetarian Samusa SoupChili LambChicken Curry DahlThe Tea Leaf salad was interesting and worth to try as it was different. The vegatarian samusa was good. The Samusa reminded me of the Indian samosa with mash potatoes and vegetable inside. It was a colder night and after standing outside for a while, slurping the soup and eating the samusa was the best thing ever. The Chicken Curry Dahl was just ok, but the Spicy lamb topped with the coconut rice was the BOMB!
The tea leaf salad... I can't get enough!
I had their yellow "tofu" and it tasted like the Pakistani or Indian dish called Curry which is a lot less expensive. I like their tea salad and it was very exciting and different. I think I would like this place more for lunch than dinner. I didn't feel like the flavors were exciting enough for me to make it a fav and the service was really off the night I went. All in all, the food was okay.
What to say that hasn't already been said? Burma Superstar is definitely a solid Asian food go to in the city, but it didn't blow my mind completely.The bad: a long wait in the windy cold, but thankfully they call you when your table is ready AND you can always hide out at the Blue Danube Cafe across the street (which btw, makes a tasty Mexican hot chocolate)The good: the tea leaf salad was definitely interesting- more so texturally than flavor wise, with its fried lentils, sunflower seeds, and etc. My friend and I shared the okra tofu stir fry (yum chili sauce) and basil garlic chili pork belly (nice tender cooked and good sauce again). The coconut rice was more savory than the Thai variety. Everything was made solidly and well, but I guess you really have to know what to order to have the full experience here.Ambiance: trendy, family style Burmese/Asian foodOverall: Definitely a place to try in the city, but I don't know if I'd return too often.
Burma Superstar is amazing! We came here with a group of people and they were very accommodating. My favorites are the Tea Leaf Salad and Samusas, mmm. I also LOVE their yellow bean tofu.We had vegetarian guests too which had a great selection of food to order from.I don't think you can go wrong with ordering anything on the menu. Burmese food is very flavorful and everything is seasoned perfectly. Am definitely planning to come again.
OK - I'm sure that there are plenty of white people who have heard this rule. Maybe not.I'm half-Korean, so I grew up with this rule. My mom implemented this rule on a weekly basis:WHITE PEOPLE AT ASIAN RESTAURANT RULE1. If there are a lot of white people at an Asian restaurant, the food probably tastes good to white people.2. If there are a lot of people of the same ethnicity at the restaurant (e.g.: Japanese people at a Japanese restaurant), then the food is probably authentic, and good.3. If a white person recommends an Asian restaurant (e.g.: Barbie says: "I love Sushi - you should go to Godzilla!!! They make the best rolls - not fishy as all!), apply a heavy filter.4. Big-ass line of honkies out the door? Food prolly tastes western and overpriced.Now - I can't really be the arbiter of authentic Burmese food. I actually like the people who work at Burma Superstar. I've eaten there and gotten take out - when my ex vetoes everything else.What I can say, is that the owners are good businesspeople - they are cleaning up, either on: 1) thousands of very savvy Burmese foodies who happen to look like hipsters, or2) thousands of sheep who happen to be hipsters and listened to Barbie.Either way, I'm not going. That other Burmese place on California around 7th is pretty damn good, somewhat crowded, but not nuts.If you like the food, get take-out.
Dising a restaurant because it doesn't have x, y, or z or doesn't compare to X restaurant is generally a devoid way of reviewing a place. You surely know a few folks who say, "This place sucks. I prefer this random ethnic place serving whity-fried food in (INSERT MAJOR METROPOLITAN AREA HUNDREDS IF NOT THOUSAND MILES AWAY) so much. It's tasty and super AUTHENTIC!" Great! BUT I'm not in another city. I'm here! And what the heck is authentic anywho! And who cares as long as it tastes good!Ok. But in SF the two best Burmese places are a block apart. Mandalay and Burma Superstar. Both offer great tasty food. Burma-Star tends to offer foods that's a bit cleaner and white-boy friendly but generally really good. The tea-leaf salad might be better at Burma-star but the noodles are better at Mandalay. Really you can't go wrong. That is unless you wait an hour to eat at Burma Superlongwaitstar when you could walk a block north and often eat immediately. Burma Superstar gets the hype but really isn't any better. It carries a more recognized name because it's new and fresh and hip. Mandalay has outdated decor and has tacky serving spoons and somewhat kitchy, but certainly if anything more authentic (again that silly silly word). I'd give Burma SS 4 for the food, but the wait...eh...let's go to Mandalay!
Tea leaf salad is unbelievably delicious.
This one is long overdue. Burma Superstar is a huge SF favorite and to my surprise, a true delight. While Daniel L. helped me out by setting up an early dinner, I came in with very little to no expectations. While we came by bus, I came to realize parking and waiting were the two central concerns for those coming to this place.Thumbing down the menu, you come to realize that the items listed here have names that combine cultures. From Indian, to Chinese, to Vietnamese dish ingredients this place almost give the illusion that it is a fusion restaurant. Whether it is or is not is up for debate. Point is, no one cares because the food is amazing here.We kept it simple (from memory) by ordering the coconut rice, nan gyi dok, and beef kebat. The coconut rice held a subtle flavor of coconut, and was very aromatic. I enjoyed how it was soft and not too sticky. The nan gyi dok went well with the rice as it burst out with a curry flavor. The beef kebat was the biggest surprise as it was spicy and held a completely different flavor. That goes to say, the kebat's flavor was not subtle, but a burst of spiciness. While I can ordinarily handle spicy flavors, I had to slow down and dilute my meal with some water. Overall, the flavor was different from what you normally would expect from this region. Combined with the exclusivity of having Burmese food, I would come back for an early dinner. Otherwise, be willing to wait.
Got here about 530pm and we waited 2.5hr to be seated. Service was top notch!!! The food was even better. Must try tea leaf salad, salt and pepper chicken, and there was this lamb dish that was just awesome. Totally worth the wait. And it was a good way to end our trip to San Francisco. A must try. But come early before opening.
Came here with my bestie on a whim and was not disappointed. We had the Tea leaf salad which is seriously so good I can't think of anything I ever eaten like it. The coconut rice was also delicious and not overly coconut-ty flavored. We also ordered a vegetarian curry dish which i am sorry to say I have forgotten the name of but it was also amazing. I will definitely be back soon!
One of the best dining experiences I've had on the West Coast. The highlights of the trip are the Tea Leaf Salad and Burmese Chicken Casserole w/Cardamom Cinnamon Rice. Service was quick, the food was stellar and the place wasnt pretentious or pushy (we got there not long before close).I do recall having a drink which wasnt all that great (Sangria perhaps ?) but that couldnt dull how amazing the food was.
Tasty food, loooooong lines, rushed service.Go to Mandalay just a few blocks away - (arguably) tastier food, less wait, better service.
I've never had Burma good before until I came here. Great food! I really enjoyed the lightness of the garlic noodles. My favorite was their tea leaf salad. So many flavors in a salad! There is usually a huge line so we decided to call in and have them place us on a list. We waited no longer than 5 mins! It is very crowded on the inside too. They accept credit cards and only street parking.
After an eventful/nerdy day at the Cal Academy of Science we were hungry from all the "learning" and my gf highly reco'ed a Burmese restaurant called Burma Superstar close by. I've had Burmese food in Burlingame before but couldn't remember if I liked it or not (obviously not a very memorable dining experience) so I wasn't expecting much. We decided on Burma Superstar since it was only a few minutes away from Cal Academy and apparently this restaurant has pretty long waits so we thought having an early dinner (5:30ish) on a Sunday evening would help skip the notoriously long waits. We were greeted by what appeared to be an extremely busy male hostess (on the phone taking orders, reservations, etc, etc) however, when he did get to us we were given the option of waiting for a table for two or dining right away at a communal table with some strangers - we've done this before so we had no problems so we were seated right away. They have a pretty hefty menu and their appetizers really stood out! What did we order:Platha and Dip: similar to Indian non and curry. The Burmese version is a multilayered bread (thicker than non) served with coconut chicken curry sauce. I really liked this appetizer but my gf thought the curry was too sweet (oh well...more for me ). Coconut Rice: Definitely enough for 2-3 people, this is jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with fried onions. Coconut rice is always a hit or miss for me but Burma Coconut Rice was a definite "win!"Tealeaf Salad: apparently a dish that was featured on food network. The tea leaf are actually from Burma mixed with fried garlic, peanuts and lettuce. I thought the dish was OK - I think there is definitely more opportunity to make this dish taste better however, adding more could destroy the tea leaf flavor.  Mint Chicken: apparently some type of Burma street food found on the border of Burma and Thailand. Basically, minced/chopped up chicken (very small pieces) with mint, garlic cloves, and jalapenos.  A pretty good dish with rice (definitely a bit on the spicier side and the "spicy" sneaks up on you after a few bites. Catfish Curry (on the menu as Burmese Style Curry served with either catfish or shrimp): the waitresses recommended the catfish and it was definitely a good/hearty dish with 4-5 large pieces of catfish served in a specialty curry (doesn't really taste like your typical curry). Overall, a good dining experience with attentive and friendly service. However, I heard the waits are pretty bad and they do have constant foot traffic inside their restaurant with tons of folks picking up food. A definite fan and I'm sure I'll be returning here soon.
Totally worth the wait! We waited an hour and a half but once inside the service is crazy fast. Water was always full. We had the mint chicken, sesame beef, and walnut chicken. Would highly recommend all three dishes.
Underwhelming with a long wait. Maybe I ordered the wrong things?
My mom is from Burma so i have grown up eating home made Burmese food. food is good. mostly spicy. def should try burmese once or twice in your life
While the food at Burma is always predictable to be yummy, the wait is absolutely out of control! Since I live near Clement, I walk by often and see at least 20 people waiting outside even before it opens at 5PM. The fact that an hour+ wait is standard here is absolutely ridiculous and not worth it. Let me talk about service as well... Due to the constant crowdedness and wait to get a table, you and your party will be rushed the entire time during your meal as waiters bring all of your food at once and hover making you feel obligated to be shoved out the door. To put it short, every experience I have had at Burma has been unnecessarily stressful considering the mediocre food.Also, what is up with everyone's obsession with the tea leaf salad? I don't think I will EVER understand. It's a basic salad with a few wonton chips and powder spices. Get over it. Overall, unless you are a tourist hoping to get the pleasure out of saying "I've been there!" and don't mind waiting for an 1+ to be crammed into the small restaurant, don't go.
Love this place, but the wait can be FOREVER. Waited 2 hours before we could sit down. This place is already too crowded, so I feel if I ever pass by and there isn't a line, we'd have to go in just out of principle.
A solid establishment.Located in Inner Richmond, Burma is a far trek for the average tourist/city-dweller... no taxi's dwell out in these parts, but a simple phone call can fix that still. Plus, located just across the street from Genki Crepes (yelp.com/biz/genki-crepe), it is a nice date spot to take you+date away from the heavy bustle of the city... unless of course your date is an obnoxious a-hole (i.e. the date happening next door), then at least you can enjoy the food?The wait here on a Sunday night at ~7pm for 2 was ~45 minutes. They take your name and cell phone number down, so you are free to roam the area until they're ready for you. I hear they also take names if you call in, so if you can time/plan it out ahead... that might be a smarter choice. Regardless, it is worth the wait.Alcoholic Selection - 4stars.Loved my lychee mojito and could easily order a pitcher of it next time... the red wine sangria with peach and lychee etc was also pretty tasty, and made with good wine too! Overall, a great selection if available to suit whatever needs you may have.Tea Leaf Salad - 4stars.Not sure if it was the best showing of this dish I've ever had now that I've returned after trying other tea leaf salads elsewhere... but this is definitely a solid superstar dish by Burma, and worth getting if you haven't had it before.Coconut Rice - 4stars.mmmhmYUM you can smell the coconut wafting around you as you sit down, and then again when they serve it to you... make it a point to order something that goes with rice when you come here.Chili Lamb - 5stars!OH SO TENDER and packed with so much flavor! for the "spiciest dish on the menu!", it was still pretty mild... but it was by far the most flavorful and tasty item of the night.Garlic Noodles w/ Roasted Duck - 2stars.This dish paled in comparison to the lamb and was overall pretty meh. I'll look to a different noodle dish next time...If it wasn't for the less-than-yay showing of the garlic noodle dish, I would give this place 5 stars. Service was stellar, drinks we're all tasty, and overall ambiance was very nice - nicer than their (if-you-can-believe-it) more hipster Oakland location. Regardless, I look forward to making a trek back to give their superstar Rainbow Salad and Samusa Soup a shot, and to explore the rest of their menu - though the Chili Lamb is probably going to be a staple from now on out. P.S. I do hear their desserts are also stellar in case you don't want to venture out for crepes... yay for options!
Best family owned and run coffee business on the face of the earth. Sweetest people I ever met not to mention all very attractive and fun. Great coffee especially right after sex. Try it;)I love you guys for everything you bring into this world. XoxoBooty shorts and thigh highs;)))))
You won't be disappointed if you get the Tea Salad. Also make sure to get the platha; with SAUCE! The platha/sauce led to a bit of an addiction among our group of friends. You will be hooked.Odds are the restaurant will be packed so your best bet is to order to go. The food travels well and you avoid the wait.
Expect to wait at least an hour for this delicious medley of Asian flavors. But, there's a cafe right across the street, so you can order some tea or coffee and chat while you wait for Burma Superstar to call you. Or if you're starving, you can head over to their sister restaurant B-Star for a shorter wait. B-Star is good, but Burma Superstar is better.Anyways, the service is always great in this quaint restaurant. The dishes are never as spicy as I want them to be, but that is my only complaint. The tea leaf salad is a must-order starter. The Vegetarian Samusa Soup is amazing too. You can't go wrong with any of the entrees either. You have to eat here at least once, even if you're not the most adventurous foodie.
Ever since a good friend introduced us to this delightful little spot, I find myself dreaming of Burma Superstar. Sometimes about watching them mix all 22 ingredients of the Rainbow Salad, and other times about how they go all the way to Burma for the fermented tea for the Tea Leaf Salad. Most mornings I wake up craving the Sesame Beef on a bed of that decadent coconut rice.This place is a must go. Every time we have family and friends in town we take them here, and they always love it! They will be raving about Burma Superstar for the rest of the year. TIP: We usually make them starve between breakfast and dinner so we can hop in line right as they open around 5:30 as to beat the rush. We've waited a few times, there are a few nice bars around the corner that make the long waits more bearable. Stop reading, and go get ya Superstar on!
We ordered the recommended/famous Vegetarian Samusa Soup and a Chicken Dahl curry. It's probably just how Burmese cuisine is, but both were overly rich/flavorful for my taste. I'd heard a lot of raving about Burma Superstar, so was a little disappointed. Again, I attribute my let down to this type of cuisine overall, and not to this particular restaurant. I wouldn't mind trying Burmese food again, but am not especially eager to. I remember the wait being 30mins+ for two. I liked the atmosphere inside - it was cozy in a busy way. Conversations overlapping, steady stream of chatter for background noise.
I'd never had Burmese food before, so I was a little unsure of what to expect. The Tea Leaf Salad was a wonderful beginning to a great dinner. It was light, with delicate flavors and interesting textures. I also ordered the Garlic Noodles and the Vegetable Curry. Both were packed with flavor, although not too spicy. The service was prompt, and our waiter was extremely friendly. I'll definitely be back.
My experience here was very positive, great food and great service during lunch on a Wednesday. I wouldn't wait 2 hours for a table, which can happen on Friday or Saturday nights.Anyways, I had the Nan Pia Dok, which was super delish. I called it Burmese mac n' cheese, it was just that much of a comfort food. It's noodles, curry, and chicken, along with some veggies, and it was great.I got to try the tea leaf salad (which was interesting, but I didn't care for it too much myself, still unique and good though), beef curry (very delish), and the Garlic noodles with duck. They were all super, super good.Since we were there for lunch on a Wednesday, we had no wait for our party of 4. The food came out 10-15 minutes after we ordered, which was great! There are vegetarian and gluten free options marked on the menu, as well as the dishes that have been featured on Food Network.I'm jumping on the 5 star bandwagon for this place, it was just a great combination of delicious food, good service, a nonexistent wait (seriously!), and nice ambiance. Woo!
Nan Gi Dok! My favorite. The wait is about an hour to 90 minutes, but well worth it.
DAMN!!!!! 4000 reviews for Burma Superstar...wow! Food here is good, but it ain't worth it. Garlic noodles for 13 dollars...hahahahahah OMG. The owners in the back are having a ball right now laughing at all these fools who paid. Yeah they laughed at me too, twice. I don't blame them, I would have done the same. Damn, 13 dollars for garlic noodles yes that with tax. Good lord. I will never never never ever come here again. The last time i was here i ordered a beer. I'm asian so i look kinda young and i don't blame for asking for my ID. However, the waitress all of sudden morphed into a FBI detective profiling my id and had the damn nerve to say it wasn't me. WOW! 13 dollars for garlic noodles.
SInce every time I walk pass this place their is a long line and I have heard good things about it, I decided to give it a try. I will skip the part about how long we had to wait, as that is more-or-less a given, but what was surprising was the horrible service. The food took a looooong time to arrive, and when it did only two of our three entrees arrived. Adhering to the customs of politeness, we waited for the third dish come out so as not to leave our friend out in the cold, but it took so long we decided to dig in before our meals got cold. The food itself was pretty good, but here is the kicker: as we got sat at one of the high tables, my friend decided to stand for a bit (while he was waiting for his food to arrive), and the staff effing asked him if they could take his seat! Wha?????? Serious B-star? That is some low class shit. If you can find a quiet time to go, It might be worth it, otherwise, Burma Superstar is not worth the hassle and does not live up to the hype.
Unquestionably one of my favorite places to eat in SF. Maybe the tea salad is hyped up but it always seems to live up to it.The menu is pretty vast and veggie friendly--though I do get sidetracked by the amazing garlic shrimp.People complain about the wait, but you can call ahead and that easily shaves time off for you--though it's no guarantee. Sometimes they'll call you to say your table is almost ready and you'll still have to wait for a bit. But come on people, it's San Francisco.
Oh my gods. This place is amazing. We ordered the two salads (rainbow and tea leaf), samusa soup, garlic noodles with oyster mushrooms and broccoli, and spicy basil chicken. We finished it off with the ginger chocolate cake. It was all incredible. My group ate family style, and we all found ourselves fighting over the last delicious morsels. I can't say enough good things about the food, but the service was also incredible. Everyone there was so nice!! I wanted to hug the hostess, and I felt like our waiter was a part of my friend circle by the time our lunch was over. Pro tip: arrive early. And be prepared to wait! Thursday at 12:00, the line was already out the door. But don't worry about waiting -- they have hot tea outside to help you pass the time! Prices are reasonable, and their specialty drinks (lychee and thai tea) are worth the extra calories. This place has earned its many accolades. It is worth the wait, and it is worth making a special trip to try the food. I'll be back the next time I'm in SFO!!
Burma Superstar is amazing! I eat lunch here regularly. This is also my go-to place to take visitors, because there is nothing quite like it anywhere else. There is often a wait because it is very popular, but the staff is very efficient and always professional. Hot tea is available while you wait to be seated. I recommend the tea leaf salad or samosa salad.
Great food, was worth the time to get there.Went on a Tuesday, still packed with a line.But only waited 10 mins as a couple.Best for somewhat more adventurous palate, which is to say not the in-laws from out of town for whom "Chinese" means "sweet-n-sour."
This place is flat out awesome!!! EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious, Especially the green tea salad and the Sayers eggplant dish!!Expect to wait for 20-40 min to get in no matter what time of day because they are so popular! Its well worth the wait!!
I really like the rice dishes and the tea leaf salad. Just note that you'll have to wait, probably, if you don't get their right when they open.
if you've never had burmese or malaysian food before you should try the rainbow salad and tea leaf salad for sure. If you had to pick only one salad, my friends and I think the rainbow salad tastes better than the tea leaf salad The roti platha is also good, but I like banana leaf's roti more.We tried their lamb samosa's and mint chicken recently. They were good. I've had the mango beef in the past. That was really good. Spicy noodles taste kind of like a padkeemao (thai spicy noodle dish).Drink's wise I love their mango lasso's. My bro and besty tried the ginger lemonade - it's good, but very tart.Careful when you come. Lines can get long. Also, they usually don't take reservations so get there early if you can.
We went there on a cold winter night and waited for about 45 mins in the line! Am I complaining? No!! I'm just saying Burma Superstar is definitely worth it. We ordered the vegetarian Samusa soup and it was amazing, full of flavour. It's something that you must order everytime you visit this place. Their tea leaf salad is like nothing I have ever tasted before. This salad has somewhat very interesting and refreshing components. The key ingredient is the fermented burmese tea leaves, which apparently they import from Burma. Their lettuce cups are good too and we loved their okra egg curry. It's has hard boiled eggs and okra in a spicy flavourful curry. I cannot have enough of this place and I do plan to try out everything on their menu!
After hearing rave reviews from some friends, I HAD to check this place out. Being ultimate fatties, we ordered FIVE dishes for the two of us to get an ample tasting of the menu.I recently found out they're listed on as Michelin Bib Gourmand recipients and I can see why. The general public loves ethnic foods, but everything tasted a little too funky for me.. and honestly, I eat almost everything! (I love thai, vietnamese, and all south asian foods.) I feel like this place is more HYPE and service than anything unfortunately. I'm hesitant to give this restaurant a lower rating, b/c maybe this is how Burmese food is supposed to taste.
The food is delicious. But be warned - going on a weekend night - you're going to have to wait. We called an hour and a half ahead of time to make a reservation for two, and still weren't seated until TWO hours after that. If I hadn't heard amazing things I wouldn't have stayed. However, I'm glad I did!
Though this place is tiny and bustling, the service is impeccable. The tea leaf salad should not be missed--crunchy, mildly tangy and delicious. The chicken and shrimp casserole cooked in a clay pot is scrumptious. The coconut rice is so good it could almost qualify as dessert! The flash fried coconut pudding with coconut ice cream dessert is also a winner. I have never been to Burma so I can't vouch for authenticity, but I wholeheartedly vouch for wonderful flavor and great service.
Since my poor college diet usually consists of ramen, scrambled eggs, and pre-frozen food from Trader Joe's, I decided I was sick of eating whatever random crap I could find in my cupboards and that it was time to treat myself somewhere nice. My friend and I shared a rainbow salad and I ordered Nian Pa Dok (a flat noodle dish with curry). Because I'm a hulking, ridiculously tall girl, I naturally like to eat--probably more than what my stomach can fit in, but I manage to store the food someplace unknown. I'm a cow..I probably have 4 stomach compartments. Heh.Anyways..going back on topic, the rainbow salad basically consists of noodles and other assorted things that I don't remember. HOWEVER, what I do remember is looking at it and thinking, "That's it?!!" They give you a measly small portion for the rainbow salad, so I would suggest you not order that plate. It does taste delicious, but it is not worth the given price.However, Burma Superstar was able to redeem themselves with their Nian pa dok dish. It's a chicken curry based noodle mix of cilantro and green onions. It has probably made it into my top favorite 10 plates and trust me, I've eaten more than 1000 type of dishes. The service is quick and efficient. One of the waitresses was so stealthy and quick on refilling our waters. My friend didn't even notice her fill our water and was so amazed by how ninja-like our waitress was hhahaha.I probably will return to Burma Superstar within a month or so. I must admit..it's made a good impression on me and I hope to see them serve larger portions for hungry people like me.
I find myself craving Burma Superstar every other week or so, but then I remember the long waits in line. At that point, I think about BStar, but then remember there's a line there too. And then I think about Mandalay, and then remember there's a line there too. At that point, my wife and I decide to cook our own dinner that night.But if I'm in a good mood and patient with a wait in line, I go to Burma Superstar first. Good, friendly service. Great, scrumptious, savory, spicy Burmese food. Everything reviewers talk about here on Yelp is spot on.
I am the newest Burma SuperStar fan for life! I was a bit apprehensive eating at this restaurant because of all the hype about how amazing the food is. A place either does not even come close to how good people claim it to be or it's a complete home run. Burma SuperStar definitely hits the ball out of the park. What differentiates BSS from other restaurants would have to be the spices. I would describe it as a mix between Thai and Indian flavors. We started off with the tea leaf salad. I have never tasted any salad that would ever come close to the flavors in this one. The crisp garlic chips, assortment of nuts, light dressing and not to mention the actual tea leaves was absolute perfection in my mouth. Following the salad we had the eggplant with garlic sauce, garlic chili shrimp, garlic noodles with duck and a side of brown rice. We were on a garlic binge for sure. Everything was amazing but my favorite was the garlic noodles. I had washed everything down with my new favorite beverage-Burma SuperStar Cooler, which was ginger beer with lemon.BSS is one of my new favorite restaurants and I can't wait to try EVERY SINGLE DISH on the menu.
Delicious! Tea leaf salad was good, steak was great and catfish was so so. We got there right in time to get a table but when we left there was a line out the door on a Thursday night for dinner. So if you're going at a busy dinner time maybe get there early! I thought the food was really good and the quality of ingredients seemed good. The service was a little slow.
Crazy wait. Darn good food.I've been to the Clement street location several times and it is worth the trek out to the Richmond district for the food. Excellent flavors, great Burmese food, and friendly service. Overall a solid good dining experience.The only issue is that there is ALWAYS a wait of at least 45 minutes. Always. It is a small place - and popular so people are often left standing out on the sidewalk haunting the tables near the window saying, "I wish that person would finish their dinner and LEAVE!"Burma Superstar is a Superstar in my book.
With over 2,000 reviews, this place obviously has a large fan following. I am no exception! I've been able to eat here twice, and both times were great. Since we were in SF for work, we decided to come here for dinner. Knowing that they don't take reservations, we called ahead to see how long the wait would be. Surprisingly, they told me that there was no wait! While we were anticipating at least an hour wait, both times we've gone the wait was never that long. It took us a little bit of time to get there, so by the time we got there we were told the wait would be about 20 min. Not too terrible. They took down our name and cell number to call us in case we wanted to walk around while we waited. They have a couple benches and a small heater above it outside, and they offer complimentary tea while you wait. We scoped out the neighboring shops for about 15 min and when we headed back, our table was ready for us! They even let us have the choice of window seats, which was nice. We ordered:* Tea leaf salad: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXwfried garlic, peanuts, sunflower seeds, roasted sesame, lemons, tomatoes, romaine, dried shrimp* Burmese Samusas: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXwBurmese raviolis filled with curry spices, potatoes, chicken and house special sauce* Nan Pia Dok: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXwFlat flour noodles with chicken curry sauce, string beans, split yellow pea, cabbage, onions, and chilis* Chili Lamb: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXwStir fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onion, basil (not available in mild)* Coconut Rice: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXwThe tea leaf salad was delicious; it has a flavor unlike anything I've ever had before so I always make sure to get this when I come here. The samusas were really good too, the wrappers were thin and the filling inside was smooth and flavorful. The chili lamb was also yummy, and it was definitely hot! Service was excellent here; I like how they bring the tea leaf salad unmixed to the table and explain what ingredients are in it before they mix it. Our water glasses were never empty and they checked to see if we needed anything without being obtrusive. Our server was really nice too.A wonderful dining experience, so I will be back!
Yum. Crazy Flavors. But ask what goes well together first. You may find yourself eating really expensive cheap chinese tasting food. Get the coconut rice! There are locations in alameda and oakland. Haven't eaten at the SF location. There is too much good food around that area to eat there.
This is my favorite restaurant in SF! I recommend getting take out though because the wait can be very long! This place also doesn't take phone reservations. The parking here kinda sucks too. The food here is amazing though! Burmese is definitely one of my faves now! You must get the Tea Leaf salad, Rainbow salad, platha and dip and pork curry...ooh and the coconut rice!
This place is on FIRE. I'm a new yorker whos not new to top eats, and this place takes the cake in SF.Thai Iced Tea - the best I've ever had. And I backpacked Thailand for 4 weeks. Creamy, smooth, refreshing...and you get to watch the milk mix in at the beginning. Boom!Veg Samosa Soup - just the right mix of spice and coolness, the chunks of samosa soak up the soup and make for tongue tingling morsels of goodness. Amazing.Tea leaf salad - one of the top 3 salads I've ever had. A bit spicy but I love that. The mixture of nuts and mint leaves and spices creates a texture and flavor that is unique to this dish and out of this world!Platha with curry dip - WOW. Simple and yet out of this world delicacy. Sheer fried flavorful goodness that soaks up the sauce and whets your appetite for more, more, more!!!!On to the mains!Chicken and Shrimp Casserole - the shrimp in this dish are cooked to perfection and the chicken meat just SLIDES right off the bone. Soft and delicious! The cardamom and raisins add a unique twist to the dish that cannot be overstated. A must have. I soaked the rice with the leftover dip from the platha appetizer - genius idea!Oxtail and Potato stew - another amazing dish, picking apart the soft meat from the bone and then devouring it in the sweet sauce with the potatoes was simple yet effective and made me feel like throwing up from the amount of food I ate.No doubt the rest of the menu is just as good. This place has a line out the door so try to get here early or in off hours. Must eat if you are in SF!!!
Burma Superstar is one of those places that you really have to like. Food = Excellent, Ambiance = Great! The restaurant does get crowded but it sure is worth the wait. I recommend the Tea Leaf Salad. I strongly recommend this spot for lunch rather than dinner. Oh, and parking is a bit of a struggle too.
I can't say enough good things about the food here. I LOVE the tea salad and the various curry dishes. Our server was friendly and food was served fast. I even bought a t-shirt as a souvenir to wear.I would eat this all of the time if I lived nearby.
Pros: my favorite restaurant in SF, amazing food with my favorite being the rainbow salad, great service, reasonable pricesCons: no reservations, and a long wait - but who can blame themLove it!
Love this place. The tea leaf salad is out of this world. Unmatched, my daughter and I crave this place.
Everything was amazing other than the service. Tea leaf salad is deadly. That's all that's needed to sum up the experience.
Yum! Tea leaf salad was hands-down the winner -- fabulous! The Pumpkin Pork Stew was good, big chunks of meat and kabocha. The bf had the shrimp kebat which was spicy and he LOVED it! Another winner. The tan poi was very good, but not great. I had the lychee mojito was was delicious though a bit too sweet. Service as attentive and uber friendly. The wait on a Saturday night (early) was 45 min. If you're looking for a bunch of new, spicy tastes, this is your place! In fact if you like spicy food, I'd say this is a place you must try!
Amazing place .. One of the best places to eat. Be ready to wait in line as the restaurant is kind of small for the customer base that they have.Kudos to the owners of the restaurant. Food is awesome and place is welcoming. Great staff too. Must try Tea Leaf salad .. my grandma was a wholesaler in Burma and grew up eating that almost everydayGinger Salad .. Not my cup of tea but I know people that asks me to order for themChicken Dahl .. Originally from India but hey .. Burmese people made our own by putting a little twistBurmese Style Curry .. You definitely need to order this when ever you are in this restaurantCoconut Chicken Curry .. One of my favorite of all time .. I go banana for thisYou got the gist. This is coming from a guy who have been eating the Burmese Food since birth. This is the place to be in San Francisco and Mingala (mingalabarestaurant.com) is the other in Burlingame, CA
Another favorite of mine. Can't miss coming here whenever I'm in town. Green tea leaf salad is to die for!
AMAZING.So delicious and has both heavy and light options. Truly something for everyone!
A friend of mine said this was her favorite Burmese restuarant in San Francisco. So we went there for dinner.The food was very good and the service was excellent. I hope to return the next time I am in the area.
With 3000+ reviews, I won't even get into describing in detail what everyone and they mama's have already. Being featured on TV always hypes up a place, so with that said, I knew what I was getting into. I made sure to taste with my palate, and not a preconceived notion. But even after that, the food ended up just being okay. I noticed minor variations in sauces, and the tea leaf salad just tasted like oil, nuts, and salt to me. Highlight of the nite though, happened when I walked out of their bathroom on my way back to my table:Big scary Russian guy customer stops me and yells: It took us half an hour to find parking. We waited an hour and a half for our table!!! People who came in AFTER us were seated before US, how is that even possible??Me: Blank stareCustomer: Then ANOTHER table seated after us got THEIR food first?!?! And we're just 2 people, and they had 5 in their group!!Me: That's messed up.Customer: I am SO upset!!!Me: As you very well should be!Customer: Do I get a refund?! A free meal then? What is it?? The food wasn't even that good!!!Me: Uh...Customer: Please get your manager. This is ridiculous.Me: Oh wow. Yeah, I'm sorry...I don't work here.Customer: *Storms off*(5 minutes later as my friend and I are getting ready to leave)Same customer points in my direction: HER! SHE'S THE ONE WHO TOSSED OUR SALAD!!!!!(whole restaurant quiets. a giggle is heard.)Me: *mortified* blank stareMy friend: With his hand on my back, starts to lead me out. Let's go, you could cry in the car...*if you didn't get the "tossed our salad" reference, bless your heart.
I love their Nan Pia Dok (Coconut Chicken Rice Noodles). Sooo good. Many of their dishes have really interesting flavors and spices. Some dishes are hit and miss, but if you stick to what's good (Nan Pia Dok, Samosa Salad or Soup, Rainbow Salad, Tea Leaf Salad, etc) it's delicious. I also enjoy washing it all down with their surprisingly purple sangria. And definitely get the coconut rice!Drawbacks: It's kind of over priced for portion sizes/what it is. I still love it though.
My first adventure in Burmese type food and I was delightfully surprised! WOW!It was one of those nights were I was wearing flats, it was pouring down rain, and I was exhausted but still wanted to try someplace new. We were greeted by the nicest hostess who let us know there would be a slight wait and asked us to try some of their tea while we waited. So, we partook of the tea and nestled down on a side bench under a heated covered from the downpouring rain. We were seated shortly and have the advantage of wonderful, intelligent, and patient waitstaff that made our experience extremely pleasant. Our Food was delicious, warm, and fresh. Slight hints of sophistication were embedded into our Platha and Dip, and our Bun Tay Kauswer. But nothing quite prepared us for the dripping delicatessen of the Beef Burmese Style Curry with the coconut rice parred with our Chamay. Overall I am now a big fan and look forward to my next meal with Burma Superstar.
Loved loved loved it! Everything was so good! We had the Tea Leaf salad, a bread dish, and a coconut curry dish. It was so good! It was very busy and there is a wait. However, it was worth the wait! Limited space in there but it still accommodated our large family party with a baby. They were courteous and very nice. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
The food is great, hence the long waiting line. Better to make reservations ahead. Tables are very close so be prepared for some noise. Other than that, it is a good culinary experience. Try the lamb curry. Delicious!
We have done take out from here twice this week. We love the Chili Lamb and the Garlic noodles with duck was out of this world. We like the basil chicken but it got out shined by the deliciousness of the other dishes. We can't wait to try other yummy dishes on their menu.
This place is pretty darn good. Went here the other day for a colleague's last day in the office. Both colleagues I went with had been there before. Both raved about the tea leaf salad, which we had, but I was underwhelmed. One of my coworkers said it could have been better and wasn't truly up to par. We also shared the salt & pepper chicken (pretty darn good, 4 stars), the braised pork belly (I also looooooooved this, ten stars), the garlic noodles with duck (5 stars), and some sort of crispy/sweet chicken, which I'd give 3.5. Service was pretty decent. They brought out the wrong dish at one point and very quickly corrected the error. I'll definitely go back.
We came here on a Wednesday night and were seated right away. For our appetizer we ordered the mango salad which was very refreshing and absolutely delicious. For our main courses I ordered the Nan Gyi Dok which I have to say was pretty average. It consisted of hard boiled egg, rice noodles (similar to udon consistency), onion, and chicken curry. Honestly felt like I was eating a Trader Joe's meal.My friend ordered the mint chicken which was awful. First of all it was ground up into tiny pieces, peppered with a very bitter spice, and was completely dry. We sent it back, which I'm pretty sure earned us looks from the waiter later through the dinner. Gasp, how awful it is to send a dish back at a place that everyone raves about. To sum it up for you, I recommend this place only if there is no wait and only if you order their salads. Waiting in line for 45+ minutes is absolutely not worth it when there are so many other great restaurants within walking distance.
I was brought here by friends, and they knew just what to order - samusas, rainbow salad, sesame chicken. Everything was really delicious.The wait was really long but they do a good job of contacting you when your table is ready.
Beware of Samusa Soup, there's got to be 1000mg sodium in there. What happen to the crunch? So disappointing. That was one thing I look forward to when I come here. The tea leaf salad was still good. The ribbletts were very tender. Service was excellent and fast.
This was my first time trying Burmese food and I was very pleasantly surprised!My friend and I called in ahead to put our names on the waiting list and they said our table would be ready in 30 min. So we arrived 30 min later but then had to wait 30 min more. The place was packed and there was a long line of people waiting outside to get seated. But it was worth the wait!I really liked everything I tried:Ginger Lemonade - refreshing, tangy, sweet, perfect. If you like ginger and lemonade, get this!Tea Leaf Salad - this is what everyone raaaaves about. It tasted very fresh and unique. I could definitely taste the tea leaves which were fragrant and quite interesting. I've never really tasted anything like it. I really liked the salad and I would get it again but I didn't think it was absolutely amaaaazing like I expected.Samusa Soup - now THIS was delicious! The broth was thick and tasty and had all kinds of veggies and goodies in it. No joke--one of the best soups I've had!Coconut Rice - the coconut flavor was pretty subtle which I liked. Slightly sweet but not overbearing. The portions are pretty small though, but perfect for maybe two small girls to share.Burmese Curry w/ Shrimp - this was also really good! The waiter recommended this one to us. I put the shrimp curry over the coconut rice and had a party in my mouth. Burmese curry is daaang good! Service was very friendly and attentive, and the food was overall excellent. If I were a local, I'd be eating here all the time!
The wait is long but it's worth the wait to try something good once in awhile. :)
This is a nice place to treat someone if they haven't had Burmese food before. This place is crazy hyped and extremely busy. The salads are worth their weight in gold. Come early if you want prime seating. If you find this place too busy, there are other Burmese restaurants dotted across the Bay Area.
Tea leaf salad.. out of the world. Ditto for mango salad. The food is so good.. it made me fall in love with burmese cusine. I love their desserts as well.
This place deserves 4.5/5 star. This was recommended by someone close who had eaten at this place in the past year after running a marathon. The place is small with about 20 tables. There is no reservation. The line start very early about 4:30 PM with the restaurant opens at 5 PM. food: 4.5/5The food is very good, with some hits and some misses. Recommended is the platha bread with dip, tea salad, coconut rice, sesame chicken, pumpkin/squash with beef, burmese shrimp, and stewed garlic pork.the miss is chicken caserol which was dry, garlic noodle which is tastelessambiance 4/5: small restaurant with crowded tables. service 5/5 excellent staff. the waiter is fantastic with incredible knowlege of the food. He make great recommendation. cost: 5/5 The price is very reasonable, considering this is San Francisco. parking: 3/5 if you are lucky, you can find a parking place on the street. I would recommend to arrive 30 min early. Overall: I give this 5/5, since the waiter and service was great. This is a great restaurant for the price, service and food in a big city. The hit out weight the misses in my book. A tip: arrive early about 4:30 pm and you don't have to wait too long and get a good parking spot nearby.
Wow, I toooootally get it now why people wait 2 hrs just to eat here. Ive never had burmese food so this was my first experience. My bf and I were checking out our new neighborhood and this place just happens to be right down the street! I have a feelling its going to be dangerous for my wallet.....+ Ordered the Vegetarian self wraps. What do they put in that sauce?? Its thick, somewhat sweet and smokey. Just thinking about it is making my mouth water.+/- Ordered the Garlicky Eggplant. It could be eaten with rice or some noodles, but I was happy with eating it as just the dish itself. A little too oily for me, but the flavor was divine so I overlooked it.+ My bf ordered the most popular noodle dish (Sorry I forgot what its called). It was also very good considering we constantly eat thai food and never want to venture off and get disappointed. +++ Another pitcher of lychee mojitos please! Keep 'em coming!++ Only 20 minute wait on a thursday night for us, wow did we score!!++Staff is sweet, knowledgeable about their menu, and very patient. Ive never been to a place where they toss your salad and noodles for you when brought to the table. Guess its just awesome SF city livin' baby.Conclusion: MAKE A RESERVATIONNNNNNNNNNN. We were lucky to get a table so fast, but i hear on the weekends, its routine to wait 2 hours. I'd be down with that anyway, put your name down and then walk up the street and drink at a bar until they call you. Now added to my list of top 10 things to do before I die....try everything on Burma SuperStar's menu.
I was born in Burma (now Myanmar) and I lived there for 10 years. I've eaten authentic Burmese home cooking for the past 27 years. My mom and grandma are the best Burmese chefs I know. I have yet to find a place that comes close. So it was no surprise to me that I was disappointed with this place.We came here on my last trip to SF. It was totally out of the way. We walked through some ghetto neighborhoods to get to the bus stop to get here. They open at 5 for dinner and we got there at 5:15 and the place was completely packed already. We waited 35 minutes to be seated. While we were waiting a lot of people came to put their names down and their phone was ringing literally NON STOP. Good for business. But definitely not worth the wait. Some people were ok with waiting an hour. What's up with that?We ordered the Rainbow Salad, Moh Hinga, and Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil. Rainbow Salad would have been really good if they had put less tamrind juice. Boyfriend says I'm being technical but I've had the one my mom makes and it is not that sour. The Moh Hinga -- the broth had really good flavor but the noodles were over cooked. So it became a bland dish. No complaints about the Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil but I wouldn't call this an "authentic" Burmese dish. It's probably more Chinese. Oh yeah for these 3 dishes, it was $38! I almost had a heart attack. Obviously a lot of people love this place. It'll do for those who's never had real authentic Burmese food but I think I'll stick to eating in my mom's kitchen.
yum yum. Can't wait to go back
The food was good, but I think it was over rated.
tea leaf salad !!
Way too long of a wait for a restaurant that's been hyped up too much. I came here about a year ago with two friends, and waited some 30-40 minutes in the blistering cold before we were finally seated.Going with some Yelp recommendations, we ended up ordering a tea leaf salad, samusa soup, pumpkin pork stew, and garlic chili shrimp. Everything ended up being okay, with nothing particularly stand-out (well, maybe the pumpkin pork stew, but just a little).Service was good (they introduce some of the dishes to you, like the tea leaf salad, before mixing it at your table), portions were reasonable, and prices weren't bad. Personally though, I find the Burmese food at Mingalaba down in Burlingame far superior. And, if you take wait times into consideration, you'll probably be seated and eating a lot sooner if you head there instead!
There's always a line here for lunch or dinner so do go early. Otherwise, you stand in the cold Richmond weather for a long time.I went for lunch at around 10:30 (they opened at 11am) and there were already 2-3 groups waiting ahead of us. Once they opened their doors, we were immediately seated though. We ordered two main dishes and an appetizer (calamari). I don't remember the main dish my friend ordered, but I had ordered the Tea Leaf Salad. The calamari was really good but i think the salad was definitely over-hyped. Also, we both left hungry, for lunch, after paying $20 each.I've seriously had better burmese food, for cheaper, and without the line.
Delicious. It lives up to the hype.The tea-leaf salad was fantastic. It doesn't have a smack you in the mouth flavor but it slowly grows on you until there's nothing left and all you want is more!The samosa soup was a great choice as well. It was quite a filling bowl for two people.Unfortunately, the entree (fiery chicken) was not that great. It was incredibly oily and didn't have much flavor. I'll be coming back to Burma Superstar but not for this dish!
Behemoth is here!! Best Burmese Food(Yamo is a close second if you consider the price). Burma Superstar can sing a song - "I am Pricey and I know it". Food is great. Tea Leaf Salad , Rainbow Salad , Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil are the best. Prices are high , Queses are long but in the end it is worth it. Wisdom of crowds is not wrong this time. If I want to eat best Burmese food, I will come here. If I have to eat cheapest but good enough food then I will go to Yamo(6$ for fish :-) )
They serve complimentary tea for people that are waiting to be seated! As chilly as SF is, the hot tea was definitely necessary on a windy Monday. The restaurant is pretty small and cozy. I came with a party of 5 and there was a table available for us that would comfortably seat 4, but decided to take it because we had been waiting a good 30 minutes. Our waitress was very kind and patient with us as we were uncertain about what to order. Down to business:---------------------Tea Leaf Salad: this was the best tea leaf salad I've ever had. The tea leaves are from Burma and are very fragrant. The combination of sweet, crunch, and pungent flavors and textures make this dish so divine. If they lightened up on the olive oil I definitely would have appreciated this dish a lot more.Chili Lamb: very very flavorful and tender pieces of lamb. This was a delight. A bit on the smaller side. Braised Pork Belly w/ Pickled Mustard Greens: really tender, fatty pieces of pork belly. Coconut Rice: perfect amount of sweetness topped with fried onions to give a nice little crunch. The rice was warm and moist. I could just eat this by itself. ----------------------Love this place. Will definitely come back when I'm in the city. Holla!
Everything was great, just the wait-time-- too long!//
Amazing flavors, attentive service.Get the soup!Get the rainbow salad!
Fine place, but not as good as it's reputation. If you find yourself going here once a month or more, it probably means you're not very experimental.
It was unseasonably sunny the day we stopped by, but still cold, and the outdoor space heaters were appreciated as we waited in a line that seemed teeming when we drove by on the way to park, but turned out to not be that bad.The food, though, was.I mean, OK. It wasn't offensive. But after the hype, and the line, and listening to the people next to us rave on and on and ON about how transcendent the dishes were, and how complementary the flavors were, and how this was quickly becoming their favorite restaurant and getting straight on the regular rotation with a bunch of pizza places (from what I gathered)...I don't know, I just looked at my fried yellow bean tofu with the sauce that was so salty and not much else as to have effectively come straight from some salt flats and thought, "Huh?"And I looked at my coconut chicken chili noodles, which had all the flavor depth of a Stouffer's frozen dinner (all coconut milk, no heat, lots of gristle in the chicken) and thought, "What?"Our waitress was so nice and friendly and all-around awesome that I couldn't look her in the face when she asked me how everything was. Luckily, the couple next to us provided her with the joy she deserved.I do like Burmese food (see other Burmese reviews for corroboration); just not feeling this one. Go to Burmese Kitchen on Larkin, enjoy fresh, complex flavors for half the price without the lines.I will say, however, to end on a positive note, that SuperStar's mango coconut juice rocked.
nom nom nom nom. I love the tea salad and wok-tossed broccoli. So good. The burma cooler (beer + lemonade + soda water) is also really refreshing. If you go right when it opens or right when it's about to close, it's not as hard to get a table.
Went with a group of 8. Got a bunch o' different dishes.Pretty much errrything was tasty as hell.Not much more to say.
Yummmm.Even the Thai iced tea here was exceptionally delicious. My cousin got the...ginger lemonade I think? Can't find it on the menu. But that was really, really refreshing and strong and delicious also.There were only three of us and this was enough for a slightly hungover lunch, pre-hike:Samusa soup: delicious! So good! I want it.Chili lamb: really good. The lamb is so tender and flavorful and they are very generous on the spices. It wasn't spicy but we avoided eating the peppers...and man, were there a LOT of peppers. More lamb please, less peppers. I'd say it was about 50% peppers. Which made me sad. GIVE ME MORE LAMB!Nan gyi dok: coconut chicken curry noodles. This was tasty, but not as good as everything else. Also, the noodles were overcooked. Sad face. Sometimes I like squishy, soggy noodles, but these were TOO squishy and soggy.Coconut rice: DUH. So good. Also a teeny bit soggy but I didn't even care! I will eat this by the gallon. Man. Writing this review is making me want to go back. I'll be back. So good.
Went here with a girlfriend, and I have to agree with all the reviews! Great, authentic food, and cozy atmosphere. Will definitely be back.
This review has been a long time coming. i had a craving for a tea leaf salad from Burma Superstar the other day and actually tried to rationalize the cost of a flight from New Orleans to SF so I could get one. This place is a unique eating experience on a national scale. The unique flavors, including the coconut chicken curry noodles and the vegetarian samosa soup are among my favorites. i tried this place first with a friend during a recent trip to SF and though its inner richmond location is a bit of a hike to get to from some parts of the city, the trip and the wait were well worth it. We only ended up having to wait 30 minutes or so, which wasn't too bad. Among my eating highlights of the year. Cant wait to go back.
6/12/11Crazy busy this place and with their notable rating on tv...apparently it got pretty popular...we waited for 25 minutes to be seated...it was cramped and busy and pretty rushed..none of the food we ordered was memorable...it stood out because they infused tea in their food but that was about it..after eating here I truly felt that NorCal Yelpers SUCKED...this was the umpteenth time that Yelpers let us down during our trip to the Bay Area!! Suffice to saw we were extremely disappointed. They are much more generous with their star giving than SoCal folks...
3.5/5. Solid Burmese food, though not as good as the wait would suggest. The Platha and Dip, Nan Gyi Dok (rice noodles with mild chicken coconut curry, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion), and Braised Pork Belly with Pickled Mustard Greens were nice. Calamari appetizer was so-so; a bit too soggy for my taste. Most of the other dishes looked okay, but aren't that interesting. Regarding the Wait: We knew there would be a line, but we didn't expect it to be this long. I'd heard from friends that you should expect to wait 30-90 minutes for a table. We went on a Wednesday night, so we assumed that it would only be 30 minutes. I guess we were wrong: We were quoted 1 hour and ended up waiting nearly 2 hours. Also, this being Inner Richmond, parking is a mess. We circled around for 15 minutes before finding one the car barely fit into. All in all, I probably won't be back; it's just not worth the hassle.
Coconut fried rice! This is a great place to try Burmese food for the first time!
So good. Every dish so explosive with great flavor. Really warm genuine caring people both preparing the food and serving the food. The really give 100% and it shows. Order anything from the menu and you will be so pleased, and your tummy will be warm with goodness. Highlights (but everything was delicious) salt and pepper chicken, tea leaf salad, sesame beef, dried fried green beans, spicy and crispy chicken, garlic chili shrimp, and the jasmine steamed rice even! Topped off with a gingery lemonade. Fantastic.
I love LOVE the food. the Platha and dip one is one of my favs and def the tea leaf salad.
I has the samusa soup and tea leaf salad combo for lunch. Saw a lot of other people ordering the coconut chicken curry noodles. I really liked how friendly all the waitstaff was. They seemed to know all their regular customers and remember what they generally order!
Besides having to wait for about an hour and half (which was totally worth it), my experience at Burma Superstar was great. In their defense, it was a Saturday night dinner, but apparently there is never an hour that this place isn't busy, so be prepared to have to wait.When I walked through the large curtains serving as a door, I immediately noticed the big lovely photographs from around Burma (or so I assume) lining the walls of the restaurant. The place is fairly small and not an inch of space goes to waste as they fit as many tables in the area as possible.  I have never had Burmese food, but it was delicious, fresh and the spice combinations were so amazing. What seemed like it wouldn't go together was superb and couldn't have been more delicious. Take their Tea Leaf Salad for example. Who would think of putting fermented tea leaves on a salad? It was delicious and the sunflower seeds, roasted garlic and peanuts also included provided a great combination of flavors and textures. It was the great start to a meal. For entrees, we had the Burmese style chicken casserole and the Burmese style shrimp curry. Both dishes had amazing flavors and plenty of sauce (I just love a good sauce). The curry was delicious on top of the cinnamon cardamom rice that came with the chicken dish. The chicken was great on its own and I loved the addition of nuts to make the otherwise tender chicken have a bit of crunch. If you are interested in eating here, I would recommend getting your name on the list and then plan on spending time at one of the coffee shops, bars or running errands in the neighborhood since they do take your phone number and will call you when a spot opens up. You do get hot tea while you wait and the outside bench has a heater hovering above it, but it starts to get long (and cold) when you have to wait for over an hour.
The rainbow salad was delicious! So many textures and great flavors from the noodles, green papaya, fried onions, and even pieces of potato. I had the tea leaf salad before but its plain in comparison (it was unique but not really what I was expecting). We also had the pumpkin pork stew and Burmese chicken and shrimp casserole. Both were wonderful!
Coconut RiceTea Leaf saladActually, everything I have had is great. A must try spot if you haven't been there already.
Fantastic visit a few weeks back. We reached at 3:30PM over the weekend for dinner and there was already a queue of people waiting before the place opened at 4PM. We ordered tea salad and a dish with eggplant. The tea salad was really good and so was the service. Will go again
Tea Leaf Salad is out of this world! The Oakland location is small but that sort of adds to the experience. Pricing is reasonable, especially when ordering one of the lunch specials.
My third experience, this time for dinner at 6:45pm on a Wednesday. Again, the wait was less than 10 minutes even though there was a line outside.Maybe it was because I wasn't hungry that day, or that dinner service is run by a different chef, or maybe I've just been on this roller coaster ride already, but it's a solid 4 stars.Chili Lamb with Coconut Rice: The first 2 times I ordered this, the flavor combination blew me away! It was new and interesting -- they mix savory + citric flavors so well -- but this time I didn't get the strong flavors I've come to expect. The coconut rice was also mushier than my previous experiences (although my friend loved it!).Superstar Vegetarian Noodles: Delicious vegetarian dish that did not skimp on flavor. You don't notice right away but there's a pretty good kick from the chili oil. There's also some savory acidity to balance the dish out.Overall, delicious as expected of Burma, but not as memorable as the first two times and the flavors felt muted. I'd still come back because it's well worth it.
It is uncommon for both service and food to align in a five-star manner as they did last night at Burma Superstar. This confluence of cuisine and customer service provided the platform for an equally five-star first date. Service was professional and prompt from the moment we got on the list (~15 minutes on a Tuesday night). Once inside, the expert wait staff was prepared with recommendations for both tea and starters. The noted keystone starter is the tea leaf salad, so of course we had to try this. It was expertly tossed table-side and was a tart yet sweet, crunchy yet soft, combination of flavors and textures.Being a fan of soup, what came next was a real upside to my delightful compatriot. We ordered the coconut chicken noodle soup, and what arrived was a spicy thin-brothed multi-dimensional flavor explosion. We drained that bowl only to have another fragrant bowl set before us. Apparently we had just enjoyed a sausage soup, which clarified why we didn't seem to have any chicken in our chicken noodle soup. The funny part being that while we inhaled the wrong soup, on their own accord they realized their mistake and brought us what we had ordered. I'll let you decide which soup is better, as we couldn't agree. The chicken noodle was thick and smooth, almost like a curry or pasta dish. Add in a sliced hard-boiled egg and textural bliss ensued.The only downside of this evening was that after a salad, two soups, and a carafe of pinot noir (~$46), we had no room to try the lamb entre we had eyed and were suggested by our highly knowledgeable server.
So the word got around that you should try Burma Superstar. It is definitely a trendy spot and the wait can be long. I've been here 3 times, 2 out of the 3, I had to wait about 40-60 minutes for a table. Anyways the food definitely makes up for it.My two favorite items are:Mint Chicken, boy it packs some heat. The flavor is unique and it is a decent amount.Tea Leaf Salad: this it the signature dish here at Burma. It has been featured on FoodNetwork. I believe this salad has 13 ingredients topped off with fresh lemon. The crispy garlic and shrimp paste really make this salad for me. This is a salad that no one leaves leftovers for.Great place, I am sure I'll bring someone here who is visiting the city and what not and want a solid meal.
A Bay Area favorite! Just make sure you have a couple hours to wait in line.
Definitely one of my favorite things to eat in the city! Everything I've had there is absolutely delicious, not one disappointment yet. We went for lunch on a Saturday near there closing time and they let us pre-order our food while we waited for table. Service is very quick. Some of our favorites were the Spicy Fried Chicken and the Mint Chicken.
OMG! What a delight for a first experience! Go early, we were here at 5:45pm and was seated immediately. The Tea Leaf Salad was refreshing! A must try. We also had the Spicy and Crispy Chicken, Pumpkin Pork Stew, Burmese Catfish Curry, & Noodle Salad. All of the dishes were delish. The Pumpkin Pork Stew and Burmese Catfish Curry are must try! So so ono! I want more! We had the lychee tea by carafe.
I cam here last night and we waited about 45 mins to an hour for a table. This place sure gets busy! When we finally got seated, our waiter greeted us and got us our drinks first. We looked over the menu and we ordered the tea leaf salad, sumusas soup, lamb chili, beef curry and a flat noodle coconut curry dish. All the food comes out pretty fast! Maybe im just not a big fan of burmese food, but nothing really about the food WOW'd me. Even the tea leaf salad was whatever to me. I enjoyed the beef curry dish because it was similar to an indian style curry. and the Lamb chili had a little sweetness and heat. Would I come back and wait in a long line for this food again? Probably not. I would rather go to a thai restaurant in my opinion.
Great food! Interesting flavors, yet it all comes through nicely!Delicious
Honestly,.. I hate lines. I don't stand in them. If there is a restaurant that is packed and has a wait but is known to be aaamazing vs a so so place that i can eat at NOW, I am bound to take the NOW option.That aside. I had friends visiting from New York and they really wanted to come here so.. I waited at Buckshot down the street like a good girl.This place was worth it.Chili lamb= not too greasy, not too spicy, really really tender and not smelly like lamb can beThe famous salad= famous for a reason.Samosa Soup= if you generally like to use your bread to soak up any sauce... imagine using a samosa to soak up delicoius lentil type of soup... right??? its legit.Pork Belly= was a table favorite. I"m not huge on bellies or pork (except bacon) but again it was very tender and beautifulLastly, I had the I know Kung Fu drink which made me best friends with our neighbors (who we did not before). Its like a sweet gingery punch in the face. I"m coming back. With my brother. Who is in culinary school. this should say something..
Well I can understand why this place is so busy. The food is nothing less then astonishing. We had the Somosas Soup, Rainbow Salad, and Tofu Tower. I can't wait to go back.The food is pricey but worth every penny.
This is one place that over the years has just gone better and better! I've been frequenting this since over 5 years and have always stepped out happy :)This can get really crowded for dinner, so be prepared to wait for an hour or go really early. A better bet is lunch time! Great for vegetarians. They have the best salads I've eaten. Rainbow Salad and Tea Leaf Salad. I highly recommend getting both of them, they are very different. Rainbow salad is more noodle like. It has around 21 ingredients , yes 21 and they are all mixed right in front of you. I think the fried garlic is a stroke of brilliance. Tea leaf salad on the other had has a heavy green tea flavor. The tea is imported right from Burma! It can get a little bitter for someone who does not enjoy tea in general, but I think its the bomb! The also have a traditional rice salad which is like rainbow salad but noodles are replaced with rice, if you are a rice lover, this is yummy.Highly recommend the fresh coconut water. One sip and that hangover will start easing away, haha. Do try that! In the entrees i've had most of their veg options and most of them are really tasty. A few that come to mind are, Tofu tower, Shaan Noodles, Stir fried broccoli , garlic noodles , puri bhaji all worth a try. Get a side of the coconut rice, they do a really good job with it.This is one of my fav places. Never disappoints...
I guess I was just born under a lucky star, but we didn't have to wait at all for Burma SuperStar. So go at noon on a Tuesday, and stop acting surprised that a super popular restaurant has a super long wait on a Saturday night. (Also-- Complaining about parking? Geez people! If a dumb tourist like me can do it, you really don't have an excuse.)We stopped in here after crossing the bridge on our way back from Sonoma. We were dying from the awesome smells coming from the kitchen and couldn't wait to get our food.We started with the yummy vegetarian samusas and creamy iced coffee. My husband got the pork pumpkin stew and was amazed how tender the meat was. He said it was unlike any other meat that he's had in a curry. He also really dug the coconut rice. Definitely better than anything we've back home. I got the tea leaf salad and absolutely loved it. It's hard to describe the taste of the tea leaves, but it did remind me a bit of grape leaves. The jalapeno and dried garlic chips were my favorite little bits in the salad.The service here was outstanding. As we watched the restaurant fill up, I noticed how hard the waitstaff was working to keep things moving. They really hustle! Our waitress still spent lots of time with us explaining the dishes and made lots of recommendations for our next trip back. She also brought us out a dish of fabulous coconut ice cream just because my entree arrived a few minutes after my husband's.It was a great experience for us, and I can't wait to go back and try their sister restaurant.
While the food's pretty good, I'm not sure it deserves such a long wait! I'm not a fan of lamb, but theirs is great w/out that gamey taste. I also had some spicy prawn dish which wasn't bad either. Both were apparently "spicy", but I can definitely say that almost anyone should be able to handle it. I'm a pansy when it comes to spicy foods...The service is surprisingly efficient considering how packed it can get. If you suffer from claustrophobia, perhaps you should wait for a roomy table or order takeout.
So I've finally made it out to the oh so popular Burma Superstar. With the hoards of people lined outside the door, I've heard a lot of great things and was really excited to try out some of their dishes. I ordered up the tea leaf salad, fried tofu appetizer, and the spicy garlic shrimp. I didn't really know what to expect with the tea leaf salad, but it was actually pretty good. The salad was refreshing and had a good balance of flavor and texture. The tea leaf was a really interesting component. Nice mild flavor. The sauce that accompanied the fried tofu was good, slightly sweet.The spicy garlic shrimp on the other hand was burnt tasting. Now, I know I'm in the minority here when I say this, but I'm a true garlic lover and most of the time, I believe the more garlic you can sneak into a dish, the better. I know, i know. Dear heaven, please spare the olfactory nerves of my unassuming victims. But seriously, I loooove me some garlic; however, that particular spicy garlic shrimp dish was a serious no go. The burnt garlic gave the overall taste a huge dose of bitterness. It was pretty difficult to eat, really. Sadly, it was a dish that came highly recommended. Everything else was fine. Customer service was extremely friendly and efficient. Overall, I think I enjoyed myself here. I look forward to trying out some of their other dishes in the near future with the exception of anything heavily doused in garlic. Oh how it even hurts for me to deny it now.
We had dinner here for the first time just for the sake of trying a new restaurant. Needless to say that it was a pleasant surprise. The atmosphere was very nice, elegant and festive. The food was great as well as the service. Our server Dennis, one of four ensured that we understood the menu and that we were well taken of. We will most certainly return and bring out of town guest for a different dining experience.
Burma Superstar is on everyone's bucket list, so try it and see for yourself. It's not so bad that you'll feel like you wasted your hard earned startup money.Super popular, so as with all SF restaurants of this description, there will be a LONG wait if you don't plan ahead of make a reservation. The nice thing is that Burma Superstar gives you hot tea while you wait. There's also plenty of boba and ice cream places nearby.I'm biased. I don't love Burmese food. It's fusion-y and a little too reminiscent of Panda Express for me to fawn over. The tea leaf salad is good, but nothing else really stands out.
Always busy and crowded...a good sign that this place is great and indeed it is. The food overall was good.We asked for recommendation from the waitress, out of the 3 dishes 2 were wonderful - we wanted to eat more of the same, one was OK...I guess the OK dish had a peculiar type of chili that started giving a bit of numbness to my tongue. I have never been allergic to chilies but it was different this time.
We love Burma Superstar! The food and service are great. Call ahead and do take out to avoid the wait!
Delicious-Coconut RiceTea leaf and Rainbow saladSpicy ChickenCoconut pudding puffs
Fifth time back:Would raise my review to a 6 star if I could!!!Truly most unique amazing dishes you can find anywhere. 1)The Chile lamb is one of the best dishes I have ever had!! Period!! Crazy good...it is very hot and will not be made mild. 2)Samusa soup is world respected for a reason!!! 5 star++++3)...and of course the Fermented (6 months underground in Burma) Tea leaf salad is my most favorite and BIZARRE salad with so many textures and distinct flavors...hands down my favorite salad ever...ever!!!They have 5 different hot teas that are fun to try them all. I wish I could eat here more often and I can only say you really really should!!If you are too pissy about the wait...they tell you how long and you can go to any local bar 1 or 2 blocks away and then come back...don't let the wait scare you because at a place of this magnitude with very limited seating I/you should expect nothing less!!!I am not recommending this place, I am just saying if you don't come and come often YOUR LOSS!!!!!!!
This place is amazing! The tea salad, the curries, the noodles. So. Good.
When my friend told me about this place that has 3000+ reviews on yelp and is so close to a 5stars, I said let's go. But I didn't want to set high expectations.However, the food at this place was pretty good. A few plates including the tea leaf salad have been shown on the food network. Anyways, my friends and I go to share some delicious plates. Being pescetarian I tried the shrimp curry and the tofu with some veggies and sauce (and it was GREAT!!). The rice was pretty good too; it was my first time to try cocunut rice. Overall definitely recommended.The wait can get pretty redic. As a tip call in advance and ask them to put your name on the list. Even if you're a bit late, they'll seat you when the first table becomes available and you don't have to wait as long.Enjoy!!
It's ok. I don't for the life of my understand why there is always a line here that is usually about 1.5hours. So many other choices.
Definitely tasty but I tend to prefer restaurants with less wait times and shorter to no lines. If I can sneak in when there is no crowd this is a place I can eat but I don't go out of my way for it.Maybe the staff is overwhelmed by this constant crush too because I definitely feel rushed when there.
Although this place has renovated its look with a less cramped ambiance, the food isn't quite the same. The lines are always long and there is only one large table for 8 or more people. Some highlights include the tea or rainbow salad that were featured on the Food Network as well as the samusa soup, pumpkin pork stew, eggplant in garlic sauce, and curries. It's tasty and savory with an assortment of rice including jasmine, coconut and cardamom. Nothing strikes me as spectacular, but it's a hearty and tasty southeast asian meal.  Service is friendly and fast. Parking on the streets is tough.
I was up in San Francisco for the summer Jazz festival and my party and I were starting to feel hungry. My roommate suggested Burmese food, which I had never tried before (actually, none of us had). Upon recommendation we found ourselves here and I am SO glad. I'm always ready for a new food experience, especially one as delicious as the one I had at Burma Superstar. Disclaimer, I'm a complete novice when it comes to Burmese food so I have no say in the "authenticity" of the dishes but one thing I can say is real: The food is delicious! It was a fusion of Pan-Asian flavors... the coconutty curries of Thai and Malaysian cuisine with the spices and kick of Indian food.It was a Sunday evening and the place was easy to spot from the people crowded around the hostess' kiosk with a line forming out the street. It was sweet that they had hot tea out for their waiting patrons. Once we were seated, we immediately ordered two orders of samosas we had eyed on the menu. There were 7 of us and each order of samosas came with only 3 but our server offered us 7 pieces so that we wouldn't end up fighting over one. Good thing because they were delicious and the sauce added a hot tobasco kick (we had the chicken version but I'd try the vegetarian version next time).We ordered a variety of entree dishes to share family style and the server actually walked us through the sections of the menu, offering staff picks, popular dishes, and his personal favorite dishes. For rice, the server recommended 4 orders for our group of 7 which was a perfect portion for us.*Burmese Style Curry: We actually ordered in beef and the lamb. I preferred the gamy flavour of the lamb with the curry--it was phenomenal. The dishes were similar other than the choice protein.*Burmese Style Curry Catfish: This curry dish was not similar in taste to the beef or lamb. The curry was lighter, fresher, topped with cilantro. The fried catfish had a crisp golden layer that soaked in all that delicious curry sauce while the meat of the catfish remained moist and tender. YUM.*Nan Gyi Dok Noodles: Different from curry noodles I've had. It was light and refreshing though in my opinion, slightly bland despite the promises of coconut and curry flavors. I wasn't very fond of the boiled egg on it, but that might just be my personal taste.We also ordered the Sesame Chicken and Spicy & Crispy Chicken (not my choice). I wouldn't recommend them simply due to the fact they are nothing special. They tasted like standard American-Chinese General Tso's Chicken style food (not surprising considering the name "sesame chicken"...) I'd rather have explored something different on the menu!Next time. And next time maybe I'll have room to explore dessert!
"Burma Superstar....that is what you are...." Yeah, I'm sure they haven't heard that one before :)Been meaning to try this for years but I think it took a trip to Burma for me to finally appreciate the cuisine and culture. In addition, the "lovely" Furlough Days that have been afforded to me as a California State employee has given me the chance to go to places that are usually too busy on the weekend. Score! :)So last Monday, we walked right in at lunch time and were promptly seated. We ordered a round of appetizers: Burmese Samusas, Fried Yellow Bean Tofu, and the Rainbow Salad. I ordered the Pork Garlic Noodles whereas my bf and brother ordered their curries. The sis-in-law had the Chicken Nan Gyi Dok. I ordered a refreshing ginger sparking lemonade--- yum!The appetizers were delicious! The Samusas resemble Indian Samosas but offered a little more spice than their counterparts. Delicious and crunchy. The Rainbow Salad was mixed table side and was composed of 22 different ingredients---though I could only identify a dozen or so. The Fried Yellow Bean Tofu was the sleeper hit! Crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside--like a potato. The dipping sauce was wonderful--sweet and a little spicy. I could eat a TON of them!My garlic noodles were ok...nothing spectacular. However both curries I sampled, the beef and pork, were absolutely delicious! Tender and succulent with a TON of complex flavors!4 stars based on their awesome service, fabulous appetizers and curries. We'll definitely be back to try their other dishes!Did I mention Chris Isaac was sitting at the table next to us??? "Oh the Wicked Games you play...." :)
Meh, it's ok
I'm a huge fan of asian food outside of the regular Chinese Takeout and Japanese sushi. This place definitely gave me something new. I love the mango salad. It tasted fresh and gave the dinner a lot of flavor. And the curry is so good! I had the Burmese Style Curry with beef and it was the perfect main course. Parking is hard, as it is almost anywhere in San Francisco. The wait can be long depending on when you go, but I say that it's worth it.
Love me some tea leaf salad, platha and dip, and just about anything else we order here has been delicious. so glad we finally decided to try this place (used to always see lines out the door whenever we go to genkis across the street) and we have been hooked ever since. =)
Love it the food it's amazing
Tea Leaf Salad - IS all it's cracked up to be. I generally don't order salads because, well, how boring and what a waste of money. But THIS is special! Oh Noh Kauswer (coconut chicken noodle soup) - very very good!!! But it seems like the Samusa soup is the hot item, so maybe we should've tried that instead. Steak Kebat - Oh My God good! Soooooo yummy! goes great with coconut rice! We expected some of the above to be spicy, but it's really not. Small restaurant, nothing fancy, expect a wait (or go early). If I lived in SF, I would eat here regularly. This place is amazing. The food is delicious, the staff is great, and prices are reasonable.
This was a very bad experience.First, something that applies to everyone: we were moved mid meal to a different table, without any kind of compensation such as a free dessert, discount, or drinks. I've never been moved while eating at a restaurant before. I can understand that they wanted to use the table for a different group, but considering that this had nothing to do with us and we were seated there originally because we had been assigned to sit there, moving us without any kind of recompense was a definite negative. I don't like to have to get up during a meal and try to move my plate with food on it, my glass, my utensils, napkin, and all the plates of food by myself. A random waiter did step in to help, after we struggled for a while, but overall I think the situation was poorly managed. Second, the food was not good, and we did not eat a lot of it. We told our waiter, and he did not offer any kind of recompense, such as a different dish, taking the bad dishes off the check, a discount, free dessert, or anything to improve our experience. We had clearly left behind the majority of two dishes and told the waiter they were bad. I think the general response at a restaurant is to attempt to fix the situation, but our waiter had no interest in doing so. It is possible it is not the policy of Burma Superstar to allow the waiter to offer solutions. This is I think, a bad policy, as we will not return. Third, this is a very bad place for a gluten free vegan. Our waiter told us there was basically nothing we could order. After going back to check with the chef, a few dishes turned out to be fine. I don't know if it was just the waiter, but it was communicated to us that it was impossible to make most of the vegan dishes gluten free. The non-fried tofu was already marinated in soy sauce, and apparently no substitutions could be made. Normally restaurants can make substitutions - say use the fried tofu instead of the non-fried. It was notable to me that they would not make ANY substitutions to accommodate the gluten allergy. It is the restaurant's prerogative to serve what they want, but had I known that Burma Superstar was so inflexible and unable to handle a gluten allergy I would never have come here. There was an additional issue with an onion allergy, which made things even worse, because apparently every dish had onion in it and could not be made without it. Again, it was unclear if that was due to a lack of creativity or interest in accommodating allergies, or it was truly impossible.So the conclusion might be that if you eat everything, and don't mind somewhat bad service, then you might like Burma Superstar. However, the actual food was not good. It was exceedingly salty. I enjoy salty flavors, but this was beyond salty. The homemade yellow bean tofu appetizer tasted good for about one piece, then it became extremely hard to eat due to salt overload. There were only a few small pieces total included, but we were unable to finish it due to extreme saltiness within the tofu. Normally you would expect the tofu to be plain and the sauce to be the salty part, but in this case the tofu itself was super salty. Maybe this is a Burmese flavor, I don't know, but we found it inedible. The other vegetable dishes were just kind of bad, super oily and the sauce was not good, it didn't taste fresh. The vegetables themselves seemed fine, so it was too bad they got ruined with awful sauce. The coconut rice recommended by the waiter was disgusting. It was mushy and too sweet and salty. I like a good coconut rice with a lot of coconut flavor. This rice was like a really bad rice pudding, and the sugar, salt, and mushiness overwhelmed what could have been a nice coconut milk / rice flavor. Maybe we just experienced an off night on the food, but considering the lack of interest in fixing our awful experience, we will never be back and I cannot recommend Burma Superstar to anyone.
I really like the samosa soup, but anything from here is delicious! Oakland or SF
Their Tea Leaf salad is on the 7x7s 100 things to try before you die list, and it deserves to be there. Their salad is the best that I've had, matched perfectly with lettuce and a mix of nuts, leaves, and toppings. Excellent restaurant that is well worth the wait- the salad is my new favorite--and the perfect to-go option late night.
Can't go there without getting the Tea Leaf Salad....and having every entree with the coconut rice!!
A line out the door for lunch? On a Monday? " Typical" I was told by other diners sitting next to us. This place is hugely popular and understandably so.Try the dishes everyone else suggests i.e.tea leaf salad. Then,start planning what you're going to order on your next visit. The flavors are unique,unexpected and not like any other asian food experience.
This place offers amazing flavors. You can start with the tea leaf salad that is mixed on front of you at the table and basically many an explosion of flavors in your mouth and that is coming from a salad. The pork pumpkin stew is different because the pork doesn't taste rubbery and dry it is juicy and the pumpkin is soft and not hard. Great chicken samusa and pratha bread too.
A few things you need to know about this place. They don't take reservations, so you need to put down your name as you come to their door. No indoor waiting room, as the dining room is too small and crowded. One way or another you have to keep yourselves outside until your table is ready (which on a typical weekday night could be 15-30 mins and weekend night 30-60 mins). The climate in this neighborhood can be as torturous and windy on some nights, so prepare yourself. Their prices are a little higher than other burmese or southeast asian restaurants, but I guess their quality and taste of their dishes are on par with the prices. Means, whatever you order here can't be too unpleasant. My favorite in the house are the Rainbow Salad, (any of their) Curried Noodles, Garlic Pea Sprouts, and Walnut Prawns. Samosas are good, but samosas everywhere almost taste the same with one another. Not the greatest spot to take your first date out. You can barely talk. It's too loud. IF you still insist on taking your first date out to Burma Superstar, go to the one in Alameda. It's quieter, and serve the exact same menu.
What do you write in a review for a place like this that is already ridiculously popular? I've been here several times, to dine in and order take out. The best time to try and eat at the restaurant is after 2pm or by 5:30pm on any day. Some times you'll get lucky and get seated quickly on a weekday during lunch. My favorites here are the Rainbow Salad, Samusa Soup, Chicken Dahl, Nan Pia Dok (curry noodles), Chili Lamb, Garlic Chili Shrimp and Okra Egg Curry. I think their curry sauce is just fantastic, so getting it on noodles or with by itself is a good choice. The coconut rice is a great side dish but sometimes overpowered by the spicy curries. Take out is not a bad option. I don't think I would stand in line here anymore because it can get pretty ridiculous (2 hours)? Just need to get here during non-peak hours.
"More Than O.K."To be sung to Lady Gaga's "Born This Way"It doesn't matter if you drink tea or eat leaves of T-E-AJust put your chopsticks upCause you were cooked this way, babyMy cousin told me when I was youngShe liked Burma SuperstarWe saw the door and the long ass lineFrom the glass of our black carThere's nothing wrong with lovin' Burmese foodShe said, 'cause He made it perfect, babeSo call ahead, girl and you'll go farListen for how long the waitThe curry lamb is the wayNot to make any mistakesThe coconut rice, babyYes it's more than O.K.Don't hide yourself in regretGet rainbow salad, you're setThe samusa soup, babyYes it's more than O.K.Oh there ain't no other wayBaby, waiters like to say"Baby, is your food O.K.?"Oh there ain't no other wayBaby, service no delayRight track baby, it is more than O.K.Don't be a drag, just order teaDon't be a drag, just order leafDon't be a drag, just order saladDon't be, Don't be, Don't be
DESCRIPTION:A San Francisco dining must. Burmese food that is a mix of Indian, Chinese and other spicy greatness. It was one of the first "foodie" restaurants I heard of in SF and remains one of the best. The wait is typically super long, but if you go on a weeknight and call to put your name on the waiting list before you arrive, it's not too bad. Either way, the wait is worth it - this restaurant is a superstar!FOOD HIGHLIGHTS:Spicy & Crispy Chicken - My must item. Juicy chicken with what tastes like Kung Pau Krack sauce. Walnut Shrimp - Big Bubba Gump shrimp with a light, creamy sauce and candied walnuts. Burmese Samusas - When is a fried appetizer not delicious?Steak Kebat - Our waiter recommended this for one of our "Burmese side of the menu" items. The difference seemed to be more of an Indian flavor - mint and spicy herbs. EHHH:Rainbow Salad - It's a solid salad (all 22 ingredients of it), but I prefer the Tea Leaf Salad.
great food. We waited for 30 mins to find a table. Make sure you get there early. The tealeaf salad is really good. The lamb curry is not very tender but good flavor.
I love this place. The wait can be long (about an hour to hour and a half) on weeknights!But i promise you it is worth it.The restaurant is small so be prepared to be sitting very close to your neighbors.
After months of avoiding this place due to the horrible wait times, the lightbulb in my head went off with a TING!I could go for lunch! =0What do you know. No wait. We were starving so there was no discussion whatsoever on what to order. 5 mins. later we realized we might have ordered too much because here's the run down of the dishes:Appetizer: fried samusas -- you can get this in meat or vegetarian option. Triangle shaped layers of crunchy wrapper stuffed with curry spiced potatoes. Salad: tea leaf salad which is #17 on the Big Eat SF list. Mixed right at your table, this salad has split green peas, chunky tomatoes, romaine lettuce, fried garlic, sesame and sunflower seeds, peanuts, dried shrimp. With a squirt of lemon over the fermented tea leaves and little bit of oil, oh-my-salad-goodness! I didn't even get to take a pic of it, our plates looked like a hurricane went through and ravaged everything in sight! The fermented tea leaves have a unique taste and it's very light. The lemon juice adds brightness to the dish.For our entrees, we ordred the Nan Gyi Dok, which is a dish with rice noodles in a mild chicken coconut curry. Topped with crunchy fried onions, sliced eggs, yellow peas and cilantro. Not a favorite of mine, but still tasty.We also got the spicy chicken with fresh basil. Chopped chicken breast, lemongrass, Thai basil and snow peas, stir-fried in garlic chili sauce over fried rice. You really can't go wrong with the garlic and chili flavor combo and the Thai basil adds another dimension to this delicious entree.Easy going service with friendly smile from our server. He even mistook me for his friend's sister! (I'm not, but can I get the friend discount anyway?)Good sized portions which are perfect for sharing. What I didn't want to share was my space. The tables are close together and even if you try hard not to eavesdrop on your neighbor's convo, I had to hear this person complain about her co-workers. In blow by blow detail. How it's crappy at her work. How people don't treat her as an equal.Janice's thought bubble: why don't you drop kick your co-worker to Burma and stuffed them in those clay jars where they ferment the damn tea leaves?!?!* pause *On second thought, they may not be worthy.
The last time I ate there it was pretty good. I remember the tea leaf salad (I think) being great, another dish was good, and the last was not so good and smelled like armpit (I wish I could remember what it was so I could avoid ordering it again)... So I think that's worth about 3 stars.
Good food, good prices, but not worth the wait.3 stars because our wait was estimated to be 1 hour, then became 1 1/2, then at 1hr40 we were told our table was ready. But oh wait, they're ordering desert. You get the idea.
The wait sucks but the food is amazing and worth the wait plus the prices are cheap for the quality you get. Great spot!
never tried burmese food before. I really loved their food, coming back again soon.
I really don't understand the hype. I came here on a weekday right as they opened, so we were seated right away (helped that I was jetlagged and was just returning from a trip to Japan, so I was hungry at the time). We ordered all the classics, tea leaf salad, the coconut rice, pumpkin pork stew, spicy chicken, etc and for the three of us our bill came out to like $150. We didnt even order any alcohol either! On the plus side, our waitress was awesome and explained our order and even helped us mix the salad. Still, I can't say the price reflected the quantity and quality of the food.
Went there and waited for 2+ hours. The letpeddou suck, it's like American version, no chilly there. If u wanna try real Burmese food, don't go there. Real Burmese food is not what they sell in the store. What they sell there is made for American. It's like Pei Wei vs Chinese restaurant dish. Not the same. Very Disappointed
Tried Burma Superstar for the first time today. Totally worth heading out to the Richmond for!We tried the tea leaf salad. We weren't planning to order it, but the waitress convinced us. (We noticed that the servers offered this item to everyone, since it's their signature dish.)It was unexpected and very good. They bring the dish out to you with all the items separated. Explain what all the ingredients are and then mix it up. It was fairly spicy, but also extremely tasty. I had never tasted anything similar.We also shared the veggie samusas. Delicious! Very tasty. Kind of like Indian samosa filling inside a fried spring roll wrapper.My husband had the pork curry with potatoes, which he really enjoyed.I had the sesame tofu with jasmine rice. So good!!! The sauce was yummy and sufficient. The only thing that would have made it better (in my opinion) would have been if the tofu had "chicken" texture rather than just fried tofu. It was good though (cooked correctly and not slimy).We shared the coconut fritters for dessert. The fritters were okay, a bit bland. But the coconut ice cream that came with it was delicious. And I don't like coconut ice cream....The restaurant was very small and crowded, but we were seated right away (no wait!) and although it took a while for the waitress to take our order, the food came quickly.
I have never experienced flavor intensity like this. We enjoyed the okra egg curry dish, and I had the chili lamb. I am sorry to be hyperbolic, but it was potentially the best thing I have ever eaten. Who knew flavor alone could induce euphoria? Truly, it's worth the hype. Service was prompt, but they were busy so there wasn't much time to shoot the breeze with the staff. They took our order and brought the food--bam. I cannot wait to go again!
Came here for lunch on a Saturday and the wait was still about half an hour. The tea leaf salad was really good, it had a good funk from the fermented tea leaves. I really liked the spicy lamb. It had a good amount of lemon juice or vinegar to cut through the oil, which allowed me to not get tired of eating it. The pork and pumpkin dish was a good contrast from the other dishes. All great choices.
I would give the tea tree salad, rainbow salad five stars.. the only issue with this place is long wait times. We had to wait for almost an hour. .
I'll preface my review by writing that I'd long wanted to try Burma SuperStar. I'd heard the raves years ago, long before the Food Network discovered it.I always had a last-minute thought to hit Burma Superstar around brunch time on a Sunday (and hell no I was not going to wait in that line).So, on an atypically hot and sunny San Francisco day and urging from a girlfriend, we met at Burma Superstar for lunch.While we snagged a table right away, the place was packed. I mean, every table was taken with a small line out the door. On an ordinary Tuesday. For lunch. I had the famous tea leaf salad and it was very tasty. It had a smoky yet clean flavor; it was very good and unique. The icy ginger lemonade (that has ginger beer in it) was the perfect accompaniment. And it tasted so good on a very hot day.Wanting to sample other dishes on their menu, I'm going to plant myself at the door right when they open for either lunch or dinner. And if I'm too lazy or forgetful to make that happen, Burma Superstar will bring you your take-out at curbside - sweet!
Alright, I've come here twice since my last review and I feel compelled to up the star-age. They've handled the Q much better these last couple times and the food continues to impress. Here's my rundown of best dishes:Tea leaf salad, goes without sayingChicken samusasPork and potato curryEggplant and tofu curryAnd I love the servers here. Super nice people. The type of people I'd want to have over for pie (if I knew how to make pie..)
Wow, this place has wonderful decor, grade A service, good hospitality, and the food was amazing! I had one of their signature dishes which was the spicy steak and veggies alongside coconut rice which was one of the tastiest steaks I've ever enjoyed(best in SF).In addition, BS's menu is luxury for an inexpensive budget and about ONLY $20-30 for two entrees! I def recommend anyone visiting from out of town to experience this restaurant and for locals to start becoming regulars!LOVE me some BURMA SUPERSTAR ;)
Great foodGreat priceLove the tea leaf salad!!!! A must have, my favLove the coconut rice! Not strong in flavor so it fits well with the food.Lots of people love the Samusa Soup, and it is good. Not my fav only because I am not a fan of fried food and the Samusas in the soup I think are fried.I really like the Burmese Style Curry too (beef or lamb, both are good)Overall great place and I take all my friends/family that visit SF to this place. It is always a hit!
I've always loved this place. Partly because I had never had Burmese food before -- but since then because this is definitely the best Burmese place for vegetarians. If you had asked me a few years ago, I'd have given this 5 stars. At this point I'll say that a few of the dishes (Tea Leaf Salad and the Samosa Soup) deserve a huge, crazy-amazing, oh-my-goodness that's tasty 5 stars. I mean, holy crap. Seriously. Unreal. You should go here at some point (or to the one in Oakland in the Temescal area, which has shorter lines) JUST to get those two things. WOWOWOWOWWOWOWOWOWOWOW!!!!!But, I think the rest of the food here is just pretty normal. It's vaguely a cross between Indian and Thai -- but Burmese cuisine is certainly a thing in itself. And there are some other unique options that are good. Also -- as a vegetarian -- I can't speak for the meat dishes, many of which my friends rave about. Regardless, 4 stars is definitely a strong rec from me. But either go super early or go for lunch.Otherwise, the wait is preposterous and not quite worth it.
Tea Leaf Salad. Eggplant with Garlic Sauce. Coconut rice.Eat it. You'll cry.
The shrimp was delicious, the service was pretty good.
was all right would not perfer to go there
Tea leaf salad was amazing (especially for the price). They toss the salad for you! I would give this place another try for the food alone being delicious and intriguing. My server was nice and smiling. Bussers took my plates right away when I was finished so great attentive service!. I leave a star out because I was brought out coconut juice that I didn't order. I drank it anyway because I was that thirsty. Wish they had this place back home!
The tealeaf salad is amazing! I can't wait to go back for more. I ordered the salad to go because I had to catch a flight. The lady that took our order was so nice and my salad was ready in 10 minutes.
Ok I'm a fan now, lol.
Love this place. the samosa soup, the tea leave salad. speedy service and friendly staff. super well run and fantastic value! Even my friend commented that the food is better than the one-micheline star restaurant down in Palo Alto. a place that one will return to visit again and again and never be disappointed.None of that greasy asian food that your stomach rejects post-meal.If one wants to avoid the wait, call an hour ahead to put your name on the waiting list.don't love the burma super star cooler (lemon ginger beer), could skip that one.
Best out of the best restaurants in San Francisco! Worth an hour waiting. Tea leaf salad is a must try appetizer. Literally everyone order it here. We also had pumpkin shrimp and chicken with basil. They have blown our mind!!!!!!
I don't know how I can ever make or purchase a salad that rivals the Tea Leaf. It is just incredible. The crisp of the lettuce, crunchy of the peanuts and pine nuts, slight tang of the diced tomatoes, and the overall flavor brought by the tea leaf. A glorious mix of orgasmic senses. Plus, it looks like magic rainbow on a unicorn. Just so damn beautiful. Other dishes are great too: Walnut shrimp is sweet plump and sticky in the right way. Chili lamb makes your mouth go on fire but wanting more at the same time. Garlic noodle is such the perfect side dish if for some bizarre reason you reject the delicious coconut rice. And the tofu tower made a meat-lover friend of mine weep.Don't forget to wash everything down with a pitcher (or 7) of the ginger beer.
Good food but does not stand up to the hype it generates and absolutely not worth the hour long wait in overcast richmond. Go to their sister restaurant, B-star just a few blocks away. The Berkeley/oakland one is better, at the very least sunny and you will not freeze waiting!
Amazing, fresh, legit. The absolute Only drawback is the wait to sit down. Believe me it's worth it. Just throw your name down,, grab a beer at the bar across the street, and when they call you be prepared for flavor.
Nothing not to like! The tea leaf salad is a must-order, and the rest (have tried a few different dishes) have been great. However, I do not like waiting in line the long wait times I know are usually standard here - so I've only gone during off-peak hours (2pm-5pm), in which the wait was 0-10 minutes. However - I've also heard there's a Burmese restaurant down the street that's also good.
3 words - tea leaf salad. This salad alone is worth the trip up to SF and the wait in line. Other than that I felt the other dishes we ordered was just mediocre. I tried the samosa soup which was too heavy for my liking, the rainbow salad which was bland in comparison to the tea leaf salad, and the chicken basil which was spicy but too salty.
Just love it, that's all. If there's one restaurant you should go to in the Richmond this is it. Make sure the weather is crap, like everyone wants to stay indoors. Arrive by 4.45pm, as they open at 5pm and you should get seated. The oxtail claypot has a broth I want to be embalmed in, seriously amazing. Sumusa soup a great starter, samosa in soup form blows my mind! The garlic chilli shrimp is great, and I lifted up one of the eight shrimp I could see in the bowl wondering what was underneath: more fukkin shrimp! Arrive later than 6pm on a busy night you are looking at a 1.5 hour wait, but they let you chill at the coffee shop or bar nearby and call you which we have done in the past. My colleague who comes to town for work and I take him to (good) Thai restaurants usually, one of the last visits took him here and that's all he talks about now.
Burmese Food? Who would have known it's delicious....easy to go Veggie, but they also have great fish dishes. Tea leaf salad and some samosa soup are a must...and bring an extra stomach for the additional courses.The original restaurant gets a bit packed, but B-Star, it's sister restaurant down the street, is usually doable.
I've now been to this restaurant 4-5 times. I usually have to wait 30+ minutes for a table if I come for dinner without calling ahead, but if you show up for lunch you can eat almost instantly. This place is delicious, but because of the wait times and the spotty service on my first visit, I'm keeping this review at 4 stars.You can't come to Burma Superstar and *not* order the Tea Leaf Salad. If you do, you are basically an awful person. The combination of flavors (savory, sweet, salty) and textures (crunchy, hard, soft, leafy) is really amazing - a party in your mouth. I highly recommend it.
I finally got into this place after at least five attempts. Service was excellent. The "tea leaf salad" was super killer. Spicy, sweet, crunchy, and salty. Four stars for sure. The calamari was awesome. Huge portion and a great light sauce. Had some crispy red pepper accents and some other crispy garnish that was great. We also had the oxtails and the lamb curry. Both were excellent. A little sweet on the oxtails but still very very good. Sweet ginger thick dark sauce. Perfectly cooked russet potato garnish cut the sweetness perfect. I tried coconut rice for the first time ever and it was great. I could hardly taste the coconut and that was fine with me. I expected it to be all sweet and weird but it was just good rice after all. We were so full we had to take home some of the curry and oxtails. I cant wait to come back. I could eat that tea leaf salad and the calamari everyday.
I have been working with Burmese cuisine a little bit with my nonprofit in Seattle, so was excited to try this place in SF as so many have raved about it. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. My favorite is the heirloom tomato salad that have the signature ingredient of Burmese cuisine - fried shallots. All of the meat dishes were great like the oxtail and the lamb. A note about the wait - our SF hosts were not excited about going because they were dreading the wait, especially this being in cold foggy part of town. We called and put our name down, checked in with the host when we arrived, and then went to the bar next door for a drink. The wait was supposed to be 2hrs for Sunday dinner for our big group, but got the call in 45min and we were feasting in no time. Would definitely want to go back!
Sesame beef (double-fried to a perfect crisp and the right amount of sauce), garlic noodles, pork pumpkin curry with a little brown rice (so tender, so tasty). This meal was Su. Perb. I wish I could order this every day for the rest of my life! We also got the chicken and mushroom lettuce wraps as a starter, but our food came out so fast that I didn't have much more than a couple bites of that. Still delicious, the mushrooms were perfectly delicious. The total for all of this was $48.xx not including tip. Not bad at all for a most amazing meal for 2!!!!
One of San Francisco's staple restaurants. The wait here is ridiculous, but the food is definitely delicious and unique. If you're not keen on waiting, there's BStar Bar down the street that serves some Burmese dishes like the Rainbow and Tea Leaf Salads that Burma Superstar has along with other great Asian Fusion dishes.
MUST TRY. Seriously. Fantastic!
3 stars only... Here is my theory about yelp reviews and my taste. Any place north of where I live, subtract one from the yelp rating. It's been consistent a feature of yelp experience.This place the was a bit disappointing... we ordered Samosa soup, Tea leaf salad, Shan Noodles, Tofu Vegetable Kebat and Yellow Bean Curry.All of the dishes are at 3 stars with Shan Noodles at 2 stars and TVK at 4 stars.The food tasted bland and bit flavorless. I would prefer Burma Cafe or Mingalaba any given day over this place.The best thing about this place is that the services is swift and efficient.
While I was visiting my friends in the city this past week, one had asked if I've ever had Burmese food; my response was no. I was interested in trying it though since I had just recently watched Anthony Bourdain's Parts Unknown- Myanmar. We went for lunch one afternoon and WOW was the food beyond amazing. So many different flavor profiles that all worked perfectly together. Wish I could give this place more than 5 stars!!! What we had:- beer cooler to drink (not sure if that is what it is called) it had ginger and lemon, super refreshing- Rainbow Salad, you would think 22 ingredients might be too much but no they all worked perfectly well together- Mu Shu Vegetable Wraps, they came with this amazing sauce- Nan Pia Dok ( noodles with coconut chicken curry)- SuperStar Shrimp, let's just say don't plan on kissing anyone after eating this- Side or rice- For dessert I'm not sure what it's called but it was some sort of a sweet pancake (but kind of hard and crispy, had to use a knife to cut it) with bananas and strawberries on top, with a scoop of green tea ice creamAfter tax and tip the total was $99 for the 3 of us.Really reasonably priced and the food was super delicious.
This place is very disappointing, it does not live up to the hype. First of all, there is always a line out the door. They do not take reservations, and I am convinced the only reason so many people come to eat here is because they see the line out the door and think it must be soooo good, worth standing in the streets waiting for, I must try that. I know I did.Second, it smells really good outside. I think it's cumin,or perhaps corriander, but every time I walk past here, I get hungry. That's a good thing right?Not really. I finally tried it (got it to go as I have no patience to be standing outside for half an hour, and by the way it's still a sidewalk people, others still have to walk past you!) and it was so insignificant. It didn't taste anywhere near as good as it smelled, everything was bland and the appetizer (samusas) and entree (vegetarian curry) had the same basic flavor. Disappointing after all the hype.
Ironically this popped up on my screen asking if I've been here before and I have! Yet I simply forgot to write a review for my experience. Shame on me! I have to give another shoutout and thanks to Ann W. for the wonderful recommendation of Burma Superstar. I never had Burmese food until I tried it here and it was fantastic! I love their tea leaf salad!! I drool just thinking about it and how much I wish Seattle had a place like this around. :( Their beef curry stew is delicious as well. We took my husband's cousin during a second time back and he loved it so much he practically had the whole dish to himself! haha.. And definitely order a side of their coconut rice, fragrant and delicious! And I'm not big on coconut flavors but this was good! :)
If you've never been here, definitely go because my first meal here was delicious!However...every subsequent visit never lived up to that first one :( Pros- As with everyone else, the tea leaf salad is a must try- samusa soup- coconut rice- pumpkin pork stew- service is prompt- IMHO, the food was significantly tastier than Mandalay, which is down the streetCons- The wait can be long, but they'll put your name on the wait list if you call in advance which is tremendously helpfulIf your taste buds like Burma Superstar, you should consider checking out Lime Tree (Southeast Asian/Malay/Singaporean) in Inner Sunset.
The Tea Leaf Salad is a must.
Don't know why I didn't change this review sooner! Especially now that I've moved to New York I find myself telling everyone about this restaurant and make sure to stop by whenever I'm in San Francisco. The tea leaf salad, salt and pepper chicken, coconut rice, plates and dip, and pea shoots are my go to items. I miss you Burma!
Umm..what can I say but, yummmm!! Burmese I would say is the best combo of Thai, Chinese, and Indian food, and it is delicious. Definitely go for the Tea Leaf Salad, or Samusa Soup! It is all fantastic.Super fresh, with a great mingling of spices, flavours, and textures--this place never disappoints.  Always super fresh!My personal favorite is the Burma Superstar on Clement (since I'm in SF and biased that way), but the one in Oakland is just as great.I would recommend bringing those that are visitng the city here, let them experience some great and unique Burmese food--especially since it seems most people have not tried it before. And of course bring yourself here on a regular basis :)Parking is on the street, and around Clement that can be difficult at times (try the side streets).
I used to work near Burma so would go frequently. I love the rainbow salad, with an unique combination of 22 different ingredients. It has a nice balance of flavor and crunch to the salad. The garlic noodle and coconut rice is definitely great additions to any meal. I love the curry and any of their chicken dishes. The flavors are wonderful and delicious each time. Only downside is the wait!
We went there after a movie with family and friends. We started with beers and sake. The staff was attentive and worked to seat us promptly. They checked on us regularly to see what we needed. I would have liked to see more smiling, though I am confident they were glad we were there.They had a small bar-counter at which we could drink and talk while we waited for others to arrive. They even had a Belgian beer I had not drank in a while.I will preface this next piece saying that I can handle hot food. I've won chicken-contests eating hot peppers until the others quit, but....  We ordered 4 different dishes and requested medium heat for all of them. Every one of them was hotter than that. They were all in the hot range, not medium, not sure why that happened. The taste was compromised by this spiciness. It would be one thing if one of the dishes was hot instead of medium, but they were all hot instead of medium. Everyone was distracted by the spiciness.I would go there again next time I'm in the neighborhood. It was convenient, comfortable, and they had outdoor seating.
The food and experience were great. I went on a date and we shared the mango chicken, some jasmine rice and a garlic shrimp dish (can't remember the name). It was all great. The place was really busy, but we only waited about 20 min so it wasn't bad.Our experience was good and we are making plans to come back.
We were super lucky that when we went for lunch there was no line, and we only had about a 10 minute wait. Once we were seated we saw there was a huge line outside. A nice feature though is they offer free tea to those outside waiting.We were immediately given water and it was refilled throughout our meal, which was very nice. Our server was friendly and attentive and our food was served very promptly. Each dish was brought to the table, presented, then stirred by the waiter, then placed in the center for us to serve ourselves. All dishes were served family style.As a group of three we ordered three dishes. First was the tea leaf salad. Wow. I like salad so I've tried plenty of them. This one was really, really good. My husband tends to find salad only ok, he agreed this one was really good. The flavor is hard to explain as its pretty complex, but really its just super tasty.Next was Nan Gyi Dok ("Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion"). A very mild curry with a really nice smooth flavor, thick noodles and creamy consistency. We also had Pork Curry with Potatoes ("Braised tender pork curry with potatoes, marinated with pickled mangos"). This was a darker, more flavorful curry, although still mild. The pork was cubed and quite tender, the potatoes were just firm enough to hold together, but soft enough you could easily split them with the side of a folk.This was all served with a side of rice, which was great for getting to enjoy every last bit of the delicious curry sauces.
I've been a fan for years but they crowds tend to keep me away. Much better lunch spot so you don't have to wait as long.Def a jewel of the inner Richmond though!!
Excellent food and great service. Came here for the first time last month and I can't wait to come back. We had their TEA LEAF SALAD, COCONUT RICE, CURRY EGGPLANT and their signature VEGETARIAN SAMUSA SOUP. There were so many ingredients in the salad and somehow it all came together to create a great flavor combination. The eggplant was DELICIOUS and I couldn't get enough of their coconut rice. The only thing I didn't like as much was their soup because it was too sour for my taste.Our waitress was very helpful and friendly. One of the best services I've every experienced.
Burma SuperStar is definitely an interesting experience, especially for persons who have not experienced burmese food (like myself). Called in a little after 9PM on a Wednesday night to find out if we could still make it and they kindly put our name on the wait list. Wait--wait list? At 9PM on hump day? That's amazing.So we arrived and of course it was a full house. We waited approximately 10 minutes after getting there. Clueless as to what to order since none of us had ever tried burmese, I asked our waiter what the most popular dishes were and he went through the entire menu with us. After hearing all of his suggestions, we basically ordered all of them! This was our dinner for 4 (well more like 3 because one wasn't eating):Samusa soup- this was interesting and had a good zesty flavor. The consistency of the soup was pretty thick, similar to a chowder, sans the dairy. It was a vegetarian soup and had miscellaneous veggies and broken falafel pieces. I was unsure of the falafel at first until I realized what it was.Tea leaf salad- probably my favorite of all the dishes that night. I wouldn't necessarily dub this the "best salad ever", but it was pretty good. Refreshing light flavors with a nice crunch from the fried garlic crisps and nuts.Mint chicken- this one had nice spicy flavors from the chili and jalapenos, nothing too memorable. Spicy garlic shrimp- This was really salty IMO, had a really fishy tasteVegetable curry delux- Variety of vegetables in a curry sauce. Like all of the dishes, it was also just ok and a bit salty. I appreciated the eggplant and pumpkin/squash as choices for vegetables.We also got an order of coconut rice and jasmine rice. The coconut rice was nice and fluffy. I thought it would have been too sweet, but it was good.Overall, I think burmese food may have an acquired taste. Nothing screamed out fantastic to me, but it also wasn't bad. I might have had a bad mind set whilst eating because I kept imagining the dishes to taste like thai food. (Imagine drinking sprite when you thought it was water. That sort of thing) Our grand total of 5 items plus rice was $78 not including tip, whew.I'd say a solid 3 stars for food and 4+ for service.
I love Burma Superstar. Especially for the Inner Richmond, it's a gem. Prices aren't bad, food is great, atmosphere is good.I'm not a big fan of how close together all the tables are-- it can get uncomfortable when it's busy to be so close to everyone around me. Be prepared to wait a while if you go at peak hours... I recommend going at an off time to be served promptly.I love the coconut rice here, and my favorite dish is the crispy, spicy, chicken. Honestly, it's soooo good... It's 9AM and I'm already drooling thinking of it. I love the variety-- if you or your guests aren't as comfortable with trying Burmese food, they have a lot of dishes that would just be considered traditional chinese.
I really, truly love Burma Superstar; I do.I've been to Burma Superstar five or six times. I know people complain loud and often about the incredible wait, but here's the secret: show up at 11:30pm for lunch, or 5pm for dinner. If you're there when it opens, I guarantee you will get a seat without a long wait, especially if you aren't bringing a large party with you!I come here with my family of eight, so bear that in mind while I list the HIGHLIGHTS of the huge amount of food we order, haha.Favorite appetizers: the Burma Samusas and the Platha and Dip. The Platha and Dip especially are a family favorite of ours. The yellow curry dip sauce is amazing, seriously.Definitely get the Tea Leaf Salad. The textures are great and the flavors are really delicious, with garlic, tea leaves, tomatoes, jalapeos, etc. It's probably 80% of the reason I go to Burma Star. It really is that great.Favorite Entrees: Pumpkin Pork Stew, Chicken Tofu Kebat, and Mint Chicken. It's all good. Order one (or all) with a side of coconut rice, and you cannot go wrong.It's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. However, if you want really good, on-par Burmese food without the wait, Mingalaba in Burlingame is definitely a solid choice.
MUST GET. NO EXCUSES:1) Samusa Soup2) Lychee Mojito (My #3 Favorite Drink in SF)3) Braised Pork Belly with Pickled Mustard GreensYOU'LL REGRET IT, BUT YOU'LL LIVE:1) Tan Poi (rice cooked with cinnamon, cardamom, raisins, with fried onions on top)Super friendly waitstaff. Didn't rush us out. Food is consistent over multiple months.Only puzzling thought: It was my birthday, and someone had gifted me a box of Kara's Cupcakes. The waiter told me that they'd have to charge me $1.50 a person to eat them there. Needless to say, we ate our cupcakes outside.
Tan poi is on point.
Excellent Myanmar cuisine. Terrific appetizers, main courses, and a fantastic selection of specialty cocktails. I will definitely be back soon!
This place is absolutely devine. Perfect for a casual lunch or a dinner date, even. Burmese food is so flavorful and unique, so coming here is a great decision. Typically, there will be a wait, but always well worth it. It's been a while since I have eaten here,but I remember having curry chicken and it was delicious. Their rice too- yummmmmm.
I love the coconut rice. And coconut rice loves me. I'm going to marry coconut rice.And coconut rice let me have a threesome with pumpkin pork curry.#eatingmyemotions
Never had Burmese food until going here and glad I did! The food is flavorful and unique. Kind of like a cross between Thai and Chinese food. My favorites are the tea leaf salad, spicy and crispy chicken and garlic noodles. I would recommend sharing family style to try a little bit of everything. Also share a pitcher of the white sangria! The restaurant is small and they don't take reservations but in my opinion worth the wait.
We waited to be seated for over two hours, thankfully we waited at a near by bar. The food was good. I liked the walnut prawns and the tea leaf salad. We had a lamb dish that was full of flavor. Our waited recommended a curry noodle dish, that our whole table agreed was our least favorite. I would go again.
We were recommended this place by our AirBnB host who said she'd heard good things. It was amazing. We waited about maybe 25 minutes to a half hour for a table, but it was worth it. You MUST order the tea leaf salad, the roti and the samosa soup - they're amazing. The chicken curry is to die for. We also got the spicy prawn dish which had a great amount of kick.. I wanted more of everything - if only I could fit it in.Service is fast, because they clearly want a quick turnover of tables - the cuisine just lends itself to that kind of service. It's nothing fancy, don't expect fine dining.. But expect good food at a good price and enjoy!
I have been to Burma before but at the Berkeley location. I am sad to say that I enjoyed the food at the Berkeley spot more. I tried the same exact order here to comare. I got the garlic noodles, sesame tofu, and the walnut prawns. The garlic noodles and walnut prawns were really good but the sesame tofu here is really saucey. I like the tofu when there is not so much sauce. It makes the taste too over powering. Other than the sesame tofu, everything was excellent! I even had a nice talk with the server Kenneth. Great service by him. I give this Burma a B+ rating.
It's taken me this long to get out of the food coma induced by major overconsumption at BS. And I was there three weeks ago. Dadum Cha! So really, we ate a hell of a lot, flirted mercilessly with Kenny the host and came away with a brand new appreciation for all things Burmese.So I met this dude in a bar (Burritt Room) and we started chatting. "Where MUST I go when I'm in SF?" I asked, batting my eyelashes. "Burma Superstar" was the immediate answer. Followed by an immediate co-opting of my phone and the furious use of the notepad to tell me what to order. Damned if Alex wasn't right on the money. Even the people at the restaurant were impressed. I wish I could list everything out but this is what really struck me: Sumosa soup: It's like a samosa... but soup-y! Get it and enjoy the hot starchy goodness. Prob amazing in the winter.Pea Shoots: You'd think they were innocuous but they're flavor packed, bright green and a perfect veggie accompaniment Tea Leaf Salad: Fermented tea leaves tossed with ground meat and love tablesideCoconut Rice: Like none Ive ever had before. Moisty coconutty goodness. I have no idea how they accomplish thisChickpea & coconut curry: Yum. More til I burst with happiness.Lesson learned: The meat dishes were only AOK. All vegetarian things were outstanding. They don't take resos - you're gonna wait. Don't over order. Do get crepes across the way at Genki. There's only one bathroom. And the server likes the Dodgers AND the Colts. Go figure.
This place is amazing! A good friend recommended this place as his favorite place in SF, and we decided to wait the 90 minutes to get in! (TIP: you can call ahead and get your name on the list. They will call you when your table is ready.)The place is small, and the staff is super friendly. Being our first time, our server went through the entire menu with us and suggested the best dishes in every section.We chose the Tea Leaf salad which is very good. Light dressing and perfect mix of greens. For our main entrees we chose the Braised Pork Belly and the Chili Lamb. The pork belly was nice and had very little fat. The sauce was good and the meat was very tender. The Chili Lamb was unbelievable! After my very first bite I knew I was in love! This stuff was unbelievable! It does not come in a mild spiciness, but even the hot was not that hot (definitely would've kicked it up a notch!) The lamb was very tender and each morsel was spiced to perfection. I think they used crushed Hua jiao in the dish (not mouth numbing but with a great flavor). For a veggie, we saw a few other tables had a stir fried snow pea leaf dish. So we ordered it as well. The snow pea leaf was very tender and obviously very fresh.We were there finishing up our dinner at 10:45pm, but it didn't matter... it was great! We didn't have time to check out the desserts since the kitchen closed at 10:30. (If you are on Clement late at night, check out Geki Crepes across the street.)Even with out dessert, we were unbelievably satisfied. This will be on my list every time I come back to SF!
Like a sheep, I joined the herd of of others waiting outside this restaurant. I got the tea leaf salad because everyone told me to. And I left disappointed. I don't get it.
I am basing this on the take out that I had today for dinner. This is the first time that I actually tried Burma Superstar, and being Burmese, I don't know if I'd go back (for take out or dine in). The food is overpriced for small portions!The food that my mom ordered was the Nan Gyi Thok, The Nan Pia Thok, some beef dish, and some Korean BBQ. The total for just those four dishes came two dollars short of $60! How is that possible!! Especially since the portions....Ha! the portions are not worth that much at all. The noodles were each $10.75 and I would say I'd pay no more than $9! The flavors weren't as great as my Grandmother's or even authentic dishes eaten straight in Burma (when I visit on vacation). The Nan Gyi Thok was pretty good whereas the Nan Pia Thok wasn't as great. They're even basically the same dishes! The only difference really are the noodles used. I enjoyed the Nan Gyi Thok way more than the Nan Pia. The beef dishes that we also ordered were both different in taste. One was beef curry, which wasn't too bad. The beef was nice and tender and was not chewy. The Korean BBQ....that's another story. The bbq was very very chewy........I did not like it. The flavor was good, but I don't like eating chewy meat because I just picture raw meat when I'm chewing. I am already feeling a sharp feeling in my stomach from the food and I am not one to be reactive to food! Unless it's raw! I am still questioning the Korean BBQ.Overall.....I'd rate the food on C+/B- average. The PRICES though I will rate a D!
Second visit this week because my family finally wanted to give this place a try. Arrived at 6:15 and it was about a 20 minute wait for a party of 4. Definitely less crowded on Monday night than when I went on Saturday. We started with the samusas and the tea leaf salad. Love both these items. My mom especially loved the salad and the mix of textures. We then got the Nan Gyi Dok, which was so delicious. This is a must have. Sadly, it isn't available vegetarian. One of my favorite dishes here. Superstar shrimp was great and full of flavor. It is on the spicy side. Chicken Dahl was the last thing we ordered and probably the least liked out of all the dishes. Would not order it again. Of course we ordered coconut rice. You can't eat here without trying it. I had a thai iced tea, which was good, but my sister's mango coconut juice was AMAZING. Mango juice mixed with coconut milk. Rich and thick and creamy. It's delicious. Still short one star since I still think the ambiance could be better. Maybe even add some music?*In my last review I said I was disappointed because they didn't have the sesame tofu on the menu, even though they did have it at the Oakland location. I asked the hostess, about this and she said even though it may not be on the menu, they can make it. I wish I'd have known that last time I was here because the boy was super bummed that it wasn't on the menu! Next time I know!
Always delicious (walnut shrimp, I'm looking at you)Always happenin (packed, packed, packed)Service is fast and friendly (and knowledgeable)Great for groups or hot dates (or groups of hot dates)If you can stomach the wait or arrive early, it's TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
Why review.... it's all true... I have eaten at Burma several dozen times, and each time.... SUPERB!Thanks guys!
Awesome food, Tea Leaf Salad is a must to start with and you may have the soup to supplement. Helpings are pretty decent. The Burmese Lamb curry with Coconut rice was delicious. Looking forward to coming back for the Chilli Lamb. Finishing it off with the jackfruit coconut ice cream was amazing.
Super delicious, finger licking good :-)Took my friends today, and everyone LOVED IT.Be prepared to wait, it is sooooooooooooo worth it. Quick service, great staff, DEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLiIIIIICCCCCCIIIIIIIIOUS FOOD.Must Go.Enjoy!
Its worth all the wait. Ive been here multiple times, the food & service is amazing. We've always started with the samusa soup. The tea leaf salad is something that one should not miss.
I'll give them credit it's good food. Is this place worth the wait? HELL NO!!We got there and put our name down. They told us it's going to be about a 1 hour wait. Ouch! That sucks, but I was told it's worth it. So we stuck around. We got hungry so we got snacks from a nearby Quickly's. After about an hour later, we checked to see where we were at. Now it's going to be a 90 minute wait. Hold up! I get that they can only give an estimate, but telling us can hour, and then later saying it's going to be another 90 minutes is a bit insane. And the guy at the front making the reservations was a little bitch about it too. Your restaurant isn't that great, so don't act like it. I did try it some time later when my friend went and got an order to go. But after my terrible experience, I don't think I'll ever make plans to eat at this place ever. On a positive note, after waiting so long, we bailed and tried this cute Vietnamese place, Cafe Bunn Mi, about 2 blocks down. NO WAITING, super friendly people, and good food. If you don't mind the drive (which will actually save you some time), go try Mingalaba in Burlingame. Awesome service, very little waiting, and the food is on par with this place. We eventually got a call 3 hours later. Yes. 3 HOURS later. Do you really think I would be standing around for 3 hours waiting for your food? No. Fuck you, Burma Superstar!
Well... It's like this folks; food is good (first time I ever went there) service felt rushed but passable. crowded. Overall it was nice dining experience.Just one drawback. When I got home afterwards, I got real sick. I don't know if related to Burma Superstar, but I haven't eaten since breakfast until this place. I began to have serious bad GI problems. Stomach pains and running to toilet often, you know. This lasted for two or three days. I went finally to see my doctor and had some tests done. Turned out tests revealed positive for E-Coli food poisoning.So for place like this I was deeply surprised! I am over with GI malady as I was prescribed antibiotic. Fortunately, I'm okay now (as of this writing) -- survived. But I am now still rather dubious about eating there again.(This is why only three stars)
Food is delicious here. Had the samusa soup, tea salad, and okra tofu with coconut rice. The salad was fresh and so good with the fermented tea leaves. The Burmese rose tea was also yummy as heck. The okras were fresh and crunchy and everything was seasoned and flavored very well. Service was friendly and very quick. The samusa soup was interesting, but I'm not the biggest fan of it. It wasn't bad and it was creative to put falafels in it. Definitely would come back and very veggie friendly.
This is one of my top 10 restaurants of all time. The taste, presentation, quality/freshness, and value deserve 5 stars all the way. The tea salad is a must, the pork stew is excellent, thinking about it makes me hungry right now. The spicy curry chicken noodle is such a perfect balance with the pork stew, i'd highly recommend ordering both. The coconut ice cream is excellent with bits of coconut, the mint leaf and strawberry are both very fresh and tasty. The service was absolutely fantastic. Fanny was our waitress, she's beautiful, polite, attentive, and made excellent recommendations. She made the whole dining experience amazing for us. I would highly recommend asking for her as your waitress. Burma SuperStar is doing everything right, this is what other restaurants should model after and envy. The wait is long, but if you go between 2-3pm, you'll be seated fairly quickly. They close at 3:30pm for lunch.If you are visiting San Francisco, do not miss out having a meal here.
I love Burmese food. But they have the same mango chicken as YAMO for a fraction of price. I stop going here. Although I would say they have the best tea leaf salad!!!! Samosa is good, too and Eggplant curry. Their price is too expensive now.
Came here this weekend with 3 other friends and oh boy were we not disappointed. We ordered the tea leaf salad of course, which I'd say tastes better than B Star. We also ordered the chili pork belly and omg.. It was our faves dish by far. As for the pumpkin pork curry, lamb curry, and suck garlic noodles - they were all really tasty as well! Nothing to complain about here. Warning though - this place does have a long wait although when we came, we came for lunch and waited probs about a half hour, which isn't too bad but I've attempted to come during dinner and the wait was waaay too long. The service here is also great. They forgot to add the duck to our garlic noodles and the waiter immediately got us a bowl of duck to mix in. I would defs recommend this place esp if you don't mind waiting and are craving some Burmese food!
This is seriously such a small restaurant but its worth the wait. They dont take reservations but you can come in and write your name on the list---just as you would in every restaurant in this great city. Service is Good. Friendly, refilled water, checked on us once or twice, and even packed our to go boxes.tea leaf salad is refreshing and comes with all of the ingredients separately so that you can appreciate the number of ingredients (10 or so). The server pointed out all of the ingredients including lettuce, tomatoes, peanuts, fermented tea leaf (supposedly from Burma), fried garlic, lemon juice, sesame seeds and some other seeds I forget. Samusa soup: the soup has a thicker and starchy consistency probably from the samusa and falafel. It was good and different from any soup that I have tried. Steak kebat: basic stir fried beef with onion and tomatoes. The beef was tender but I was hoping the dish would be more spicy.Pumpkin pork stew: tender pork and and sweet pumpkin. Good but too sweet for my bf.Coconut rice has subtle coconut flavor and slightly sweetened-- I loved it.
Four stars for food and five for great service! Some dishes a little over spiced!
Great food. Perfect place to go if you have a group or friends and family visiting. The Sumasa Soup and Tea leaf Salad is a great, authentic combo.We will be back for sure. Really enjoyed the Rainbow salad as well. Go with the coconut rice. We were not overly impressed with the pork pumpkin stew.We weren't very hungry but heard the mint chicken and Burmese curry are good.
Once you've had a tea leaf salad, I feel like you've had it all. This is the first time I had a tea leaf where I wasn't impressed. It felt dry, and I wasn't as delighted by the flavors I usually was. Weirdly enough, I think I like the one in Alameda more!!
All I have to say about this place is YUUUUUUMMMMMMM! We go three every time we're in San Francisco. Outstanding flavors, party in your mouth with every bite.
Loved it. Lives up to the hype. Go early, go often and don't be discouraged by the lack of parking. And buy a t-shirt. Sounds cheesy, right? But you know what's cheesy? Sleeping in any other t-shirt than a Burma superstar t-shirt! It must be the softest t-shirt I own, except for the ones that I've had since high school.Oh, and shout out to the host. He told us it was a 1.5 hour wait, which is not unusual for BS (that's Burma Superstar folks). When I said "no problem, I'm sure it's worth it." He told us we were the only customers who didn't whine and complain about the long line, and he seated us on the spot. I don't think that's fair, but it must have something to do with karma. So, it pays to be nice here.Vegetarian friendly. An inner-Richmond landmark and very much a local favorite. So if you're just visiting SF, take the taxi out and check out this hood. There is a movie theater nearby and more bubble tea that you can drink (chinese and russian influences).
I'd like to rate this between a 3 and 4 - but the service and my favorite tea leaf salad bumps it up to a 4 star rating.Way too long of a wait though. I'd advise you to come during lunch or get in line before they open for dinner. I love the Burma cooler - beer, ginger and lemon and the ginger lemonade!LOVE the coconut jasmine rice. So aromatic!I tried the catfish curry - very different from what I've eaten, good I don't crave this everyday.Definitely come back for the Tea Leaf Salad but will try looking for other Burmese restaurants that also serve the same salad without the long hour wait.
It is a royal pain in the ass getting a big group into this place. Regardless I make the time committment every time. This is the best Burmese food I have ever had.Leave your name and number at the door and walk over to the "Bitter End" bar down the street for some pre-dinner drinks and wait for the call. Wait and wait and wai and wait and at the end you will still leave with a smile.
Burma Burma Burma. The food was delicious, the service was good, and the prices were fare. It's not everyday that I get to eat Bernese food and I wasn't disappointed.
Too much hype here. Didn't really feel the food was that amazing. I usually walk past this place and see lines outside but this time I went early to skip the lines. Won't be coming back. Nothing that crazy about this place.
Best restaurant in San Francisco. No need to say more.
Had tried them almost a month ago. Best thing is their Tea - Leaf Salad (5 Stars)Other thing that I ordered was mint chicken and some eggplant stuff for my wife. They were average !!It was my first time checking out coconut rice. I didn't liked it but again I am not saying coconut rice was bad. Almost everyone around me was having Tea-Leaf Salad. This salad lives upto the hype. I can go to this place again for salad !!
The food is incredible here! You will love anything that you order on the menu. That being said-if you are sensitive to caffeine, DON'T order the tea leaf salad. I made this stupid mistake and I felt so cracked out and jittery after dinner. People complain about the wait, but I honestly don't think it's any worse than other San Francisco restaurants. My only complaint is that they have one single bathroom for the ENTIRE restaurant. Serving spicy ethnic food to a busy crowd and you only have one bathroom? Bad planning. If you're in San Francisco, or even California for that matter, you MUST have dinner here. Even if you have no clue as to what Burmese food is- trust me- GO HERE.
The food here is the my favorite blend of foods. If you take the best of Indian Spices and the best of Thai and mashed it together you would have Burma Superstar which is a party in your mouth. The tea salad is a must have to start off and I have the Pumpkin Shrimp which was so delicious I came home and tried to emulate. I was not even nearly close. To me if you are visiting San Fran you have to find your way to Burma Superstar, wait in the line enjoy the tea the server to those waiting. When you enter the smell just warm you heart and prepare you for the culinary adventure that awaits you. Must go!
Tonight, three of my friends and I were able to arrive early to avoid the hour long wait for seating and it was another wonderful experience at Burma SuperStar. While our encore of samusas soup was hearty, non-conformist, with plenty of samusas to please, the spicy lamb which soon to be our staple was stubborn, unapologetically fiery and irresistable. Our order of cat fish came with a thick house curry that worked magnificently with a soft bed of sweet coconut rice, and the fish itself had very little bones and were tender throughout each bite. I thought the tea leaf salad had very good dried shrimps and an assortment of nuts and seeds, but the shrimp paste tasted pungent to which boldly challenged my conventional expectations of flavor and texture for a salad. My friends also thought the soup could be served at a higher temperature while the cracked peppers in the lamb could be more finesse and less grainy. Service again was fantastic and responsive. At the arrival of each dish, we were explained all the essential ingredients, and the server took time to chat with us and was constantly monitoring our progress and water without being intrusive. At one point, one of my visitors had a hard time taking in all the spices and the server was very gracious to provide complementary soy milk to reduce her discomfort. We all thought the chiller was a nice discovery as it had a nice hint of ginger to inspire a refreshing taste in the alcohol, and our portion of coconut rice was once again moist and the best that I have experienced. Despite the minor shortcomings, this is still one of the most original, innovative, and must try restaurants in San Francisco. Not cheap. The bill came out to be $24 per person including tip. 4.5 stars.
The tea leaf salad and a bunch of the items on the menu are amazing for the tastebuds but it's all over-shadowed by the wait and clostraphobic experience in this restaurant.
Yummy Soup and found. Good for people who prefer veggies
I'm Burmese. This place is legit. And with the rate that people are reviewing Burma Superstar, I don't need to convince you further.Order the following:Paratha with coconut chicken curry (appetizer)Tea Leaf SaladSamosa SaladOh No Cau-swa (coconut chicken noodle soup)Superstar Noodles Beef CurryCoconut RiceAll the servers are Burmese and very friendly. I love how they mix the foods at the table for you and tell you all of the ingredients.
All the hip and all the hype-- and even the long-ass wait times-- are actually totally justified when it comes to Burma Superstar. That being said, I find Mandalay, which is located just a short walk away, to be just as good, if not better for some dishes, such as tea leaf salad, fish chowder and certain noodles. But the braised pork belly with pickled mustard greens and the nan noodle dishes at BS are amazing. Hint: you can call in here ahead of time and take some of the sting out of the wait, which can easily exceed an hour on busy evenings.
Food is very flavorful and the service is very prompt. There is a good reason why this place is crowded. Burmese food in general is delicious, but this is the best in SF.
Burma Superstar was an incredible introduction to Burmese food! We loved every single thing we ordered- the tea leaf salad, as everyone mentioned, is exceptional- somehow crunchy, nutty, herbed and sweet at the same time. For mains, we shared a chili lamb dish and the basil garlic prawns. Both were fantastic and the portion sizes were enormous- I'm so used to ordering a prawn dish and getting like five prawns topped with veggies, so the sheer number of prawns we got was delightful. The chili lamb was exceptional- not too spicy, very well seasoned, and perfectly grilled. We also ordered the coconut rice topped with fried onions- redolent of coconut milk and sweetness without being overpowering. The only slight downer was the wait- it took two hours for us to get seats. However, they do a great job of calling as soon as your table is ready, and Green Apple Books is just a few blocks down, so we were more than happy to spend the time browsing. The service was great- dishes came very fast, waiters were friendly, and everything was really efficient without seeming rushed. So, so worth the wait.
Ate here in February 2014. Everything was delicious and the service was great. I'm giving it a 3 stars because it gave me and my friend food poisoning. Will try it one more time in a few months.
I came here on a Monday at 5 pm and there was plenty of seats. We ordered the tea leaf salad, chicken tofu kebat, and the lamb curry. Of the 3 dishes, the tea leaf salad and the lamb curries were my favs. The tea leaf salad is made with romaine lettuce, topped with a bunch of different toasted nuts, diced tomatoes, tea leaves, etc and dressing. It was so good it was a party in my mouth. We just about licked the plate clean. The lamb curry was not gamy at all and it came with lots of sauce. Next time I'll skip the chicken tofu kebat. It tasted too minty. All dishes were between 12-18 bucks. Each small bowl of rice is about $3. The rice is expensive here and you get very little portions. It's a little spendy here so be prepared.By the time we were done at 6pm, the entire place was packed to the walls. Come early if you want to avoid waiting. :)
#17 on the 7x7 List: Tea-leaf salad-Tasty? Yes, but it's also incredibly easy to make - lettuce with used tea leaves, fried garlic, some nuts, sesame, lemon juice and some other crunchy things. We also had nan gyi dok (noodles), burmese shrimp curry, spicy and crispy curry, samusa soup (also featured on the Food Network). vJ had the Burmese cooler. -Service: When 3 out of 5 people in our party had put their chopsticks down, the wait staff started pushing us to leave. I know there's a long wait but we had to wait too! When the call comes through on your mobile, telling you that your table is ready, it's really about 15 minutes from the call-Ambiance: it's a small space decorated with ethnic artifacts-Worth the trip/try? The food is good but is a little pricy because of their reputation. There is also a long wait in Inner Richmond for no real reason - since there are plenty of other Southeast Asian places like Osha that serves similar tasting food (Burmese cuisine isn't that much different than a fusion of Thai, Chinese and Indian...) with better service and seating availability.
I am so in love with Burma Superstar! My friend and I headed to the Inner Richmond for dinner after spending some time shopping downtown. After a long day of work and shopping, we were so excited to eat! I was a bit worried because my friend told me that the wait can be really long, especially on a Friday night. However, as soon as we arrived at Burma SuperStar, we were able to score parking right in front of the restaurant and get seated right away.The service was friendly, courteous and accommodating. Our waiter answered every question we had and met all of our necessary needs. As for the food...I was so amazed at how delicious everything was! We ordered the Chili Lamb, Pumpkin Shrimp, Okra Tofu and Nan Gyi Dok with Coconut Rice. And just for kicks, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad and Vegetarian Samusa soup because it was recommended by the Food Network. On top of that, we both had 2 free Thai Ice teas because we checked into Yelp!. I high recommend ordering the Nan Gyi Dok and Chili Lamb with the Coconut Rice. They were both my favorite. My only regret was not having enough room in my tummy for dessert! However, I left Burma SuperStar plumper, happier and with a stronger appreciation for Southeast Asian cuisine.
The food here is amazing! I love the tea leaf salad. I get it every time I go. Unfortunately the wait is rather ridiculous. If you are trying to go on a friday or saturday be prepared to wait a long time. I would suggest getting take out if you want it that badly.
***TOP 5 favorite restaurants of all time.***50+ miles away from home, trekking in traffic to Burma SuperStar was worth every minute of it! We got there as soon as it opened - 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday morning and got seated right away. We were so delighted by our timing since everyone started rushing in at 11:45 or so.Tea Leaf Salad = A*Refreshing and unique Burma S' specialty. Nutty goodness. MUST TRY!Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil = B+*Not as mindblowing as we anticipated, but still delicious.*Sauce was spicy but not very basil-y as described.*Incredibly tender chicken. Almost too tender.Nan Pia Dok = A+*Love love love! The most AMAZING noodle dish I've ever had in my life.*If you like curry and you like noodles, try this.Service = A+++*From the introduction to the food to the timeliness/attentiveness of the servers, we were blown away by the experience. This was a TRUE dining adventure that was perfected by the phenomenal crew that take pride in working there! Props to you guys! I'm still so in love, daydreaming about all the amazing dishes we enjoyed.Definitely bringing EVERYONE and their picky moms here!
Yum. My first time there...my friend and I shared the tea leaf salad and the samosa soup. Both were ridiculously good. She ordered the pumpkin pork curry and I got the pumpkin shrimp curry. She raved that the pork was super tender and "ahhhhmazing." My dish was great, but I was actually too full to eat much of it. I had it wrapped up and when I ate it at work on Monday lunch people kept coming by to ask what I was eating because they could smell it :)Can't wait to go back!
Amazing food and service! I love the tea leaf salad and samosa soup the best!
A wonderful restaurant. Fast, friendly service for a VERY busy, popular restaurant. Without prior reservations, they were able to seat us within 30 minutes. The Tea Leaf Salad was FABULOUS! Possibly the best salad I've had in San Fran. As a vegan, it's an absolute must try. Every bite makes your taste buds sing.
The name gets your attention! And even though there might be a wait and it's trendy, there's a reason! We sat at the bar and had great service. Fun mixed drinks, good salads. Happy with everything. Recommend!
This place is awesome! I really wish I could have their tea leaf salad everyday. Really good food and good service.
Been here twice on weekend nights. Both times the long wait time was not justified by the tastiness of the food. The Burmese tea leaf salad really IS that good, and cannot be found elsewhere in the Bay Area, but I don't consider any of the other dishes I've tried to be extraordinary. The restaurant is "intimate", very small tables, extremely close together, and noisy. My boyfriend was disappointed by the Mint Chicken and although I thought the Chicken/Shrimp Beriyani Casserole was good, the one at DishDash (Sunnyvale) is comparable. Neighborhood is so-so. Prices are decent. By the way, unless you want to stand outside for 2+ hours, CALL AHEAD. WAY ahead. Put your name on the list, tell them you'll be there in a half hour, then take your time getting there. By the time you arrive you may be lucky enough to have less than an hour to wait. Good luck!
Burma Superstar is wonderful. We always get the TEA LEAF SALAD, BURMESE STYLE BEEF CURRY, and the MINT CHICKEN. We usually end up with a small amount of left overs between the two of us to take home for a light nibble the next day.The MINT CHICKEN is very flavorful and the BEEF CURRY pairs well with the coconut rice. The BEEF is tender and always perfectly seasoned. The TEA LEAF salad is really well balanced with crunch, texture, and taste. I crave it within the same week of having it. YES, it's that good!I especially loved standing outside one day waiting for my order and chatting with the front desk gentleman who also probably waits tables inside. He was personable, accomodating to other guests waiting for a table, and diverting the line to the sister restaurant nearby. A nice gesture and above and beyond customer service, in my humble opinion!BURMA SUPERSTAR is a MUST try if you have a hankering for some flavorful dishes and a fresh ambience of friendliness and accomodating service. Keep up the great overall experience!
Food okay, but not worth the wait.I used to come here regularly back in the day (like 10 years ago), but won't waste my precious time or stomach space eating here. I do love Burmese food... thankfully there are other options.
Bunch of the stuff on the menu leans toward Chinese. Ask the waitstaff what's more traditionally Burmese-they wont steer you wrong!Yum:Sumusa soupTea leaf saladCoconut riceYuck:ParkingLong wait ( but hey, you can go to Green Apple and they'll call you when your table is ready)
The food is 4.5 stars, the service is 4.5 stars, but I can't say that I love the wait. I was told that our table would be ready in 45-60 minutes; we arrived 45 minutes after putting our name on the list. Then we stood in the cold for 75 minutes waiting for a table. And the lady outside was fairly cold about the process. Inside, the experience is dramatically different. Casual. Relaxed. And the service included explaining the dishes. I loved that touch. Will I go back? Definitely. The tea salad is tasty, the veggie soup with lentils is phenomenal with a rich texture, and the main dishes are quite good. But I don't want to wait 2 hours for a table again. So, I will only go to Burma Superstar if I get there early or very very late. Maybe these people can start making real reservations instead of the process they have now?
Luckily I was able to tag along with some friends who knew the manager (or owner?) of the restaurant and we were able to get in with no wait (aka I probably would have given a great review because I was so excited about that...). We were with a larger group, so we ordered a bunch of things and I tried to grab bites of them all before the fellas demolished them. Ordered: --Tea Leaf Salad: sooooo delicious & so much flavor. The best I've ever had! --Burmese Style Curry: YUM --Garlic Noodles: they were good but I'm not so much of a noodle person, so didn't want to fill up on those --Eggplant with Garlic Sauce: SO GOOD! did not expect this to be one of my favorites but I would 100% order this again. beers, friends, fun = happy girl.
It's good but it's not THAT good. After waiting an hour and a half for a table we finally sat down. It was almost ten o'clock at night and the staff must have been tired because we ordered and had all our food rushed out within ten minutes.The tea leaf salad was really unique. It's popular because the fermented tea leaves are a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10 for your savory taste region (umami). The uber savoriness was complimented by the oil texture and sweetness of the sesame seeds. It was a really unique, tasty salad but it wasn't life changing.Our main dishes were coconut chicken curry noodles and sweet potato shrimp something. The coconut chicken curry noodles were very tasty and creamy. The shrimp dish was pretty fishy and not very good. In fact, I woke up in the middle of the night with stomach issues from it.When the server came back to take our plates she asked how everything was. I mentioned how we liked the salad and coconut chicken curry but the shrimp dish was too shrimpy and smelled "off". She said she wishes I would've told her. I probably would have told her if she had bothered to come back and check on us at any point throughout the meal. That was the only disappointing part of the meal. Everything was good or above average but not earth shattering.Will we ever wait in line again? Definitely not. Is this place worth visiting at least once in your life? Probably but don't feel you're incomplete as a person if you miss out on it. That's why Burma SuperStar only gets three stars. I almost gave it two stars because that long wait it just ridiculous.
This place gets pretty crackin' so expect a bit of a wait. But the food is quite worth it.The must-haves:-Tea Leaf Salad: crunchy, salty (not overwhelmingly) - great flavor-Pork Curry with Potato: very tender, reminiscent of a Filipino mechadoTasty Trys:-Samusa Soup: vegetarian soup with large chunks of bread-Salt & Pepper Calamari: tender & crispy-Coconut Mango drink: sweet and milkySo-so:-Sesame Beef: nothing really exciting about this dish but it wasn't terrible
have heard about this place from travel channel and food network.Since my friend and i were in the neighborhood, we decided to check it out.we sat down and the restaurant was pretty full. A good sign i thought.anyways, we ordered what the people next table recommended to us and they were pretty much the same thing yelpers are raving about.tea leaf salad, coconut rice, burmese lamb curry and the samusa soup!they are all pretty delicious!friendly staff, ready to refill your drinks and water, quick in and out.i couldn't ask for a better experience in my first burmese restaurant.so yes, I am a fan!plus now i can cross this restaurant out according to Times Magazine 101 restaurants you have to try before you die.100 to go!!!
I've never had Burmese food before. If this is what its like all the time, then count me in! The food was wonderful, complex flavors prepared simply. Stunning! So sad we have no place like this when I go home.
4.5! I came here with a friend because I've had Burmese before, but had yet to have it at the famous Burma Superstar. This is a cozy place that is always bustling, so be prepared to wait! When we were seated, we decided to do a family-style type of dinner with 3 dishes: rainbow salad, samusas, and Burmese beef curry. Everything was delicious! The rainbow salad has so many different ingredients that come together for an awesome result. Unlike other ones I've had, this one came with noodles, which I thought was just an interesting addition. The samusas were perfectly crispy and paired well with the sweet and sour sauce they came with. The beef curry had such tender chunks of meat in a hearty curry. We were very stuffed and very content at the end of our meal. Lives up to the hype!
Burma Superstar is well named, because it's really as good as Cambodian food gets. The tea leaf salad, coconut rice, pea shoots (all gluten-free) and samusa soup (not gluten-free), are the standout dishes that my friends and I usually order. Everything else I've tried is delicious, too. It's often a long wait at the original Clement St location, but the Oakland location in Temescal is usually not busy.
LOVE this place! tea leaf salad and lychee mojitos for the win. just prepare for a long wait and small space inside.
The food here is excellent! I'm really glad I went with a vegan friend that dines here regularly and could recommend her favorites.We started with the tea leaf salad, which conde.kedar describes perfectly - expensive, but fantastic! It had a very good mix of textures and flavors and the fermented tea leaves gave it a unique taste. We had a double order, which still didn't seem like enough, but I couldn't justify spending $30 on salad! Unfortunately, they forgot to omit the shrimp on the first order (it's obvious if they do this because you see little orange bits), which was annoying but I liked that they specifically said "we'll get you a different order", versus "let me scrape that off for you" :)We also went with the samosa soup, which is supposedly their most popular dish. It tastes just like it's called - samosas in soup! The broth is thick and rich and the samosas retain their texture in the soup. 'Twas fantastic! Next, we had the fried yellow bean tofu, which I was skeptical of because I hate soft tofu (which is how the dish was described). The housemade tofu is actually made of yellow beans, not soy beans, so it's not really tofu. It had a much thicker, bean-like texture than tofu, and it was very unique and yummy.Finally, we ordered the Vegetartian Superstar Noodles, which the waitress recommended. It was a room-temperature dish, and despite my thinking I'd prefer it warm, it was very good. It had every-day ingredients like potatoes, cucumbers, and peanuts, but it somehow tasted like nothing I've ever had before.
The food at Burma Superstar is really great, but the place is a bit overhyped. With everyone gushing over their rainbow salads, long wait, getting turned away... I was expecting a bit more.Bonus points for being open late for lunch; we arrived at 3pm, 30 minutes before closing starving as cows during a drought. After waiting for about 10 or 15 minutes, we saw that the hostess forgot to write our name down so we ended up waiting a bit longer for a table.The rainbow salad and chicken shan noodles were great and flavorful, while the Burmese chicken casserole was just ok. They mixed our salads and noodles at the table, which is nice, but I didn't like how bits of food and sauce splattered all over.A must try for sure!
Excellent food, efficient and friendly service. Very consistent. Always busy and they don't take reservations but you can call ahead and add your name to the list and drink some complimentary hot tea while you wait.
A bit over rated, but good and flavorful.
I've had Burmese food many times, but never quite like this. I've occasionally had salads before (amazingly enough), but certainly not like these. Often times in addition to recommendations, reviews and articles, one of the deciding factors on whether to try a restaurant for me are pictures of the food. As a visual person, looks are quite important. I often buy books and music purely from their covers, and food isn't any different. Shallow maybe, but it doesn't have to be beautiful just interesting. I bring this up only because pictures of Burma Superstar dishes do them little justice. They certainly aren't gorgeously plated, and most look unassuming at best but they pack a punch of distinctive flavors.There's a Lamb Curry with coconut rice that's hearty and gratifying. A Fried Yellow Bean Tofu that was better than I expected. But those were just sideshows to the wickedly delightful salads. Did I mention I'm not a fan of salad? These might completely change my mind. The Rainbow Salad is noodle based, with 22 ingredients that they stir together at the table in front of you. It's a really wonderful mix, lightly crunchy and all goodness.The first salad was so good, we had to order the famous Tea Leaf Salad as well. It also has a nice crunchiness to it, but also a hint of spice. It's just as delicious, and in fact I couldn't decide which I liked more. Salad, for people who don't like salads. Burma Superstar you've made me a believer. The restaurant itself is simple but cute, they serve free self serve tea out front while you wait. Service is pleasant, though the place is busy which makes things take some time. Patience can be a virtue here. Overall though, cost to quality ratio, this was an absolute winner. In fact, the two salads were as good as any I've ever had, even in top tier restaurants. Fabulousness.Best Plates: Tea Leaf Salad, Rainbow Salad, Lamb Curry, Fried Yellow Bean TofuPalate: moderately exoticFood - AAmbience - B+Service - AValue - A
We've ordered out a bunch of times from this place and have never been disappointed. The flavors are interesting and unique and it's fun to keep trying their different dishes.The tea leaf salad is always quite yummy with the tea leaves, fried garlic chips, peanuts, lettuce, and all sorts of other ingredients.We had the curry eggplant which is surprisingly tomato-y and not as great as we would have hoped. The flavors were just a bit bland and the texture of the eggplant would have been better if they had been cooked more.The spicy chicken with fresh basil were a highlight as the chicken was incredibly moist, well-seasoned, and tasty. The overall flavors of the dish (with lemongrass, chiles, and basil) were quite solid.The chili lamb is delicious as well although a word of warning, comes incredibly spicy. We also love the coconut rice here as it is quite fragrant and a nice upgrade from regular white rice.Overall, this place has great food but the wait is always too long to actually go to the restaurant. We recommend ordering for take-out and heartily endorse the food here!
Been here once and to Bstar once and they're great. Maybe not quiiiiite as insanely amazing as everyone makes it to be, but still really good. Especially awesome: stir fried eggplant (seriously, the best eggplant I've ever had) and coconut rice (I don't even really like rice...)Other notables: The tea leaf salad is good and interesting, but not quite as unusual/ interesting as I was expecting (more tea leaves please?). The samusa soup is also quite interesting and good, but I wasn't 100% wow'ed. Overall I'd say this place is a mix of dishes that are very good and those that knock your socks off.
Someone recommended it and I'm glad I went! Had the samosa soup and the spring rolls. Very satisfying and healthy! Can't wait to try their other stuff. I wish there was one that's close to me.
Yes, the Tea Leaf Salad was good. Very good at that (I give it a 5/5), but the samusa soup was just OK (2/5), the chunks of soggy falafel or whatever was in there was just too starchy and weird to me. I much rather eat a real samosa, not something that tastes like a semi digested version of it. The Garlic Chili Shrimp was packed with flavor and spices, dried garlic chips, and some freakin spicy ass jalapenos (don't get me wrong, I LOVE spicy and can handle it, but this nearly sent me to the bathroom to rinse my water out for 5 mins). The Shrimp were HUGE, there was 11 of them (sucha weird number right?) but I feel like it was missing something. Maybe it would have been better with the coconut rice. 3/5.The Garlic Noodles (which is a side dish) was WAY too greasy. It had potential, but wasn't executed well. I feel like it was some fettuccine from a box, tossed in a bunch of oil and garlic powder. Definitely not ordering this again.Got here around 630pm on a Wednesday, and had maybe a 2 minute wait for two. Score! No wait. There was hot tea for the people who were waiting outside for larger tables. Service was great, parking can be found along the smaller streets on 3rd and 4th, most are free after 6pm.
I'm not much of a foodie, but I like exploring new places when it comes to eating out. Well, this time I decided to head to the Burma. The place was retty close to where I had my meeting last evening. So thought to grab some soup and pleasant dish. I ordered for Vegetarian Samusa soup and Garlic chilli Shrimp. The soup was quite pleasing and appetitizing, and shrimp... Oh, I just loved it!! Got some packed for late night snack too....Overall, the price was moderate, the service was quick and food was delicious. I really found the ambiance quite comforting, especially for a single person like me ..
If a place got over 3K reviews and still ranks with over 4 stars and above, they gotta be doing something right. Everything from get go was fantastic. Great service, delicious food and a nice atmosphere. Who would have ever thought of having Samosa in soup.. Brilliant! Just F---ing Brilliant!!MUST TRY: Tea Leaf Salad , Samosa Soup and Burma Cooler (Beer with Ginger and Lemon)
Like it.
It was fine, but I don't get the hype.
Best place for burmese food! I'm so happy they've expanding to the east bay as well
Came here the other night for dinner with the hubs. We arrived around 6pm and had to our name on the wait list. The hostess was really friendly and told us our wait would be around 45 minutes. We walked down the street to a local bar to watch the 49ers beat the Packers...lol and was called soon after. We ordered the beef curry, coconut chicken noodles, samosas, and tea leaf salad. My favs were the tea leaf salad, samosas, and beef curry. Everything came out fresh and piping hot. Now, our waiter did make a mistake with our table # so we had to wait 20 minutes before any food was served, however, he was very apologetic and made up for it with some free dessert! We had some coconut icecream-- it was delicious, and it had a very chewy like texture...very different but good.Overall, a good experience. Definitely check it out, just beware of a long wait!
Tea leaf salad, thai iced tea, and the pumpkin pork stew are must orders.
It was my first time trying Burmese food and I'd have to say that I now have a new favorite! We started off with the popular tea leaf salad which came with diced tomatoes, lettuce, fried garlic chips, tea leaves and all sorts of seeds. Our server mixed the salad in front of us right before serving which was kind of neat to watch. As for the main course we ordered a side of coconut rice and tan poi, two chicken dishes, fiery chicken with tofu and the spicy chicken with basil- both were not spicy except for the red peppers in the chicken basil dish. I bit into one that literally kicked my arse, it left me in tears. The coconut rice was okay, a bit on the mushy-side, I preferred the broken tan poi rice to be better.The service here is great, our waitress was very friendly and informative with a sense of humor. I would definitely come back here again!
Truly a pan-Asian cuisine: delicious combinations of Chinese, Thai, Indian, and other regional flavors. Oh Noh Kauswer (coconut chicken noodle soup) and Tea Leaf Salad are among my all time favorite dishes.Well worth the 45+ minute wait the first time, questionable as to whether it's worth the 45+ minute wait for subsequent visits. The food at their sister restaurants in Alameda and Oakland is just as good and these locations typically have shorter queues.
Tea leaf salad.... enough said.
We LOVED this place! It was crowded, I think we had a one hour wait on a Monday night, but it was well worth it. The cocktails were delicious, the staff were friendly and attentive.We had the shrimp skillet appetizer, along with the tea leaf salad - both were delicious, I am a huge fan of tea leaf salad and up until recently I hadn't realized how easy it can be to mess it up, so I was really happy when this one was served perfectly. We also had the garlic noodles, the lamb (don't remember which one) and a few other shrimp dishes - I think it's safe to say everything on this menu is worth trying.They do have a limited wine menu, but that was a good thing as it allowed us to keep the cost down. I think it only came out to about $300 and there were 7 of us, and we can eat and drink like nothing else.I'll definitely be back, next time though, I am going to sneak out of work early to get here before the wait.
Never had Burmese food so I didn't know what to expect.At first, I was scared of a long wait but we came in about an hour before they close lunch and there was not wait at all. SCORE!Between four people, we shared the tea leaf salad, riblettes, garlic noodles, samusa soup, curry noodles, and some kind of dessert that resembles rice pudding. I really enjoyed the tea leaf salad and the noodles. I think what made me enjoy them so much is that I never tried those flavor combinations in other dishes. The portions are a little on the small side so the amount we had ordered was the perfect amount. The beer was quite refreshing. The sangria was decent but I could live without it.I really enjoyed my experience here!
I went here about a month ago for the first time and I cant wait to go back to try everything else on their menu.Everything we ordered aside from one dish was very satisfying and good.Ordered:Samusa's SoupCoconut RiceGarlic noodles with duckSesame BeefPumpkin Pork Stew - Did Not Like.If you get there about 5-5:30pm-ish, there wont be line. Anytime after that, expect a wait.
Outstanding !!!! I had okra egg curry with coconut rice and plantha. Mind blowing taste and quality.
Burma SuperStar is totally overrated. The menu has a descriptive blurb at the top describing Burmese food as an amalgamation of all the different types of culinary influences surrounding Burma. Unfortunately the combination of the flavors really doesn't add up to a greater experience.I went right before the dinner rush slammed the place and was able to get a table without any wait. The wait staff are pretty on top of their game so no complaints there. I had high expectations as Yelp reviewers seem to think this place is amazing and without fail. The food was lackluster and felt more like imitations of other dishes. The Basmati rice and coconut rice were nice. Other dishes were a real let down. They lacked any real unique quality that would warrant a 5-star rating.Tip: Try to avoid sitting next to the bathroom. Unappealing scents and constantly having people standing next to your table either as they wait for their take-out or the bathroom.
Love love their coconut rice and choices of salad ! t
13.04.10Based my taste and friend's knowledge and feedbackBeen to the spot for more than 20 ... exactly ... don't remember.An very long time Burmese friend show me this place way back then ... original owner.Some of his family members are well acquainted with that family.Both the new and original are very good. The original had more kick to the dishes. Maybe it helps that my friend also ordered some special dishes for us to try. Lucky for us there was no Internet to flag this place. I do miss the old dishes.Don't get me wrong ... this place is pretty good.Mandalay and the Original family operated place had the tea leaves salad, catfish noodle, and etc.It is just too hard to get inside on prime time dining hours ... therefore haven't visited for a long time. Missed the slight kick to the dishes ... spice wise and heat wise.My friend said the new version is Americanized a little bit. (modiified to meet thegeneral American taste). This come from a Burmese friend ... I trust him ... I pretend to know things that I grow up on.My Mantra on Expert Opinions on ethnic foods (top ... pro ... bottom ... personal taste)1   Home cooks in their native land ... especially grandmas .... u get the point2.  People raised til adult eating the food in their native land3-6 blah blah ... u can guess ... it's getting too long7   People is visited the country of origins and tasted the food (endowed      with spied food senses)8   Celeberty chef writing books on food they tried way later in life ... not saying ALL      some can pull it off9.  me
Okay I get it. The tealeaf salad was worth the wait.But I was skeptical at first, especially hearing that it would take 2 hours for seating, on a WEEKDAY no less. Everyone else who had to wait for a similarly long time all went to the coffee shop on the other side of the street to chill. When we finally got our seating, we were not disappointed. The tealeaf salad has a distinct oriental flavor that is not heavy, or drenched in sauce, but delightfully fresh and light. To be honestly, I never thought I would give such high praises for a salad, but I can definitely see why it's their signature dish.As for other items on the menu - Spicy and Crispy chicken has a nice Asian twist to it. Shrimp kebab also has that exotic flavor that one would quickly warm up to. Our server was also a joker - really entertaining but quick and efficient. I would definitely come back again, but I would definitely order takeout instead if I don't want to die of starvation.
The food here was quite good. We had to wait a while to get in but it seemed worth the wait.
I haven't been here in a longgggg time and I still do not understand the hype of this place (Them lines is not the business so you should call in for reservations). Came here to dine with 2 friends last night. The dining experience was great and our waitress was awesome but I thought the food was just okay. We ordered some cocunut rice, chicken curry, the rainbow salad, and the Nan Gyi Gok. I loveeee their cocunut rice, it went really well with the chicken curry! Extremely flavorful, I could eat a bowl or two on my own. Both the rainbow salad and the Nan Gyi Gok - I've definitely had something similar better elsewhere with a lesser wait time. Still a bit overrated to be standing in line for but it's really affordable so I'd give it at try if you want a taste of Burmese food in the neighborhood.
I didn't know what Burmese food is, but the food here is like heaven!
When I went to SF, this was clearly my most memorable meal. Everything I had here was just incredibly flavorful. You absolutely have to get their Tea Leaf Salad and their Vegetarian Samusa Soups. They're their trademark dishes and there's a reason why they were featured on TV. Flavor profiles of these dishes are off the charts. I also got their Shrimp "Burmese style Curry" and their Eggplant with Garlic Sauce. The curry was perfect with the coconut rice. My meal was absolutely flawless and I went home dreaming of this place.
5 for the Tea Leaf Salad, Rainbow Salad, and Samosa soup. 3 for the rest of the food. I would probably just order those three things and not order entrees. Those dishes are just that good. The rest of the food is all right, just not my favorite and hard to follow after the salads and appetizers. I love Burma Superstar, but it can get busy and parking is a little difficult to find. Best to come in early or you'll be waiting a while or be sent to B-star. PS: Last time we were here we saw Gavin Newsom!
If I could I would give Burma super star a 0 right now. We called in for a pick up order. They called us back and said something we order was not available and then just hung up on us. Completely rude and terrible service. We love Burma but this superstar was completely unacceptable.
Love it here! Yummy garlic noodles, and great tea leaf salad. Go early or off peak hours though.
Okay, so the food isn't bad.. but it isn't the best and the lines are pretty awful (albeit at no fault of the business as they do a good job hosting/keeping capacity). The restaurant is extremely crammed with tables/people and I usually feel cramped during my dining experience when eating in.The food is decent Burmese food, most the common plates are on par with a lot of other Burmese restaurants I've tried. That said a few of their dishes seem to be overly fattened up and made to be quite unhealthy. This is disappointing since there are so many great traditional Burmese flavors that could be used rather than focusing on deep frying/"Americanizing" the dishes.Pros - Good, but not great Burmese food- Once in, service is usually okay- A lot of dishes to select from- Hot tea when waiting outside (great on cold, windy nights)Cons- Always a super long wait, they do not take reservations- Small, loud and crowded sitting area- A lot of dishes unnecessarily unhealthy - Expensive for the area
Today my day involved boring lectures by product people, these weird creatures that work for large multinational corporations, hock products, live in the suburbs, and have many offspring. They are all quite friendly, though they have no fashion sense and generally lack excitement or creativity except around the arkane details of operation systems, relational databases, or craft beers. Whether any of this makes any sense to you is no matter, for it is only the prelude to the real story.So during said day I was getting short message service all points bulletins from across the continent by a very knowledgeable and hungry sorceress. Her messages kept mentioning secret locations, and codewords I could not decipher. But there was talk of Burmese rockstars and that piqued my interest. I didn't know if this was a Gotham reference so like any good Yelper I fired up my iphone, and did a little searching. What to my surprise do I find but all sorts of Burmese goodness far out in the Richmond reaches. Among the many finds that turned up were B Star, and Burma Superstar. Being a humble man doesn't stop me from longing for superstardom. And being that my iphone was yet unpatched and still riding the fifth wave, the maps I pulled up was of the godless Google. It quickly told me that in 10 minutes I could get a bus - The Geary Limited which would take me within a block of the Burmese border.So being the spontaneous fellow I am, I took the chance, and grabbed the ticket. As I crossed market, I realized I was running short on time, so started booking. Turning the corner of Geary, I saw the bus waiting at the light. I almost twisted my ankle crossing the street which would have landed me splat in front of an impatient automobile but I made it.Once on the bus, I watched the streets go by, VanNess, Divisidero, Arguello.  Didn't take much time to get there, and another block to find Clement. On arrival I am early as they don't open for dinner until 5pm. SO I grab some bubble tea at Quickly next door.Slowly I see people forming a line, and I realize I'm in for something special. I see other intrepid NY yelpers have reviewed this find establishment, and I'm amazed. It must be really well known as everyone has beat me to it.Once they open, I grab a table, and start flipping through the menu. There is a serious list of choices here. Noodles, and veggie plates, salads and all sorts of things I don't recognize. The waiter comes over and asks me what I might like. I order a drunken monkey tea.I order the Superstar Vegetarian noodles, and the waiter makes a note. Then he asks if I've thought of a salad. Well I don't know if I can eat quite *that* much. He explains that the Tea Leaf Salad is to die for, and if I only order one thing, I should get that. Well who can argue, he knows the menu so I go for it. Shortly after, another gentleman brings my salad. But instead of just offering me the dish, he asks if I've been here before. I wonder if he's going to sit down and eat the salad in front of me. :-) Instead he proceeds to explain in intimate detail all the good stuff that went into this salad, from sesame seeds to peanuts, carrots, cucumber, cilantro, and of course the tea leaves. They sit atop like a sort of spinach, and he mixes up the salad. By the time he's done I'm afraid to eat the salad, it seems like such a monumentous creation, with so much texture and nuance. I never knew a salad could be this good!By the time I'm finished, I *KNOW* i'm going to order the noodles too. And that just takes the whole thing to another level again! Vegetarian noodles with tofu, cucumbers, potatoes, chili sauce, and cabbage. But that description doesn't do it justice. So I ask one of the waitors about the sauce. "Well it's a sriracha base, but then we played around with it a bit, added lemon and some other secret ingredients. It's almost like a dressing, isn't it?". I nod in infinite appreciation. I'm not thinking of my iphone battery at 5% or what time of day it is and whether I can get public transport back to the city center. No all I'm thinking of is, where can I get wifi, so I can Yelp this epic tale for all to see, for all to know. So I know it happened. So I know it was real!
Interesting. I have never had Burmese food and it is a pure mix of Thai and Chinese cuisine. The restaurant always has a huge line so make sure you have time to wait (there are plenty of bars in the area so go have a drink while you wait!). The tea-leaf salad is a must try. It contains an interesting array of flavors and is a great dish. All of the noodle dishes are also tasty, but there is something about Burmese food that just doesn't tickle my fancy (which is why the 3-stars only are presented). The restaurant is quaint. Tables are packed to the brim and the restaurant is rather noisy. You will easily be able to listen into other tables conversations. All in all, if you have never tried Burmese food, this is the place to try it.
It was surprisingly easy to get in here for dinner with a group of 6. We arrived at 6:30 PM expecting a wait, but we got seated right away. We got the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, sesame chicken, vegetarian curry, and vegetarian noodles.Tea leaf salad: Yes, the tea leaf salad is good. There are a lot of flavors and different textures so it's a fun dish to eat. My favorite part of the salad were the fried garlic chips they had; concentrated, crunchy, garlicky goodness.Samosa soup: Perfect for a cold day. This soup is hearty and has a bit of a kick. There are a lot of things in this soup, including bits of samosa, some crunchy breading, chickpeas, beans, etc. Tasty.Sesame chicken: This dish honestly kind of reminded me of Panda Express except better made. It tasted like well-made American Chinese food.Vegetarian noodles: wow, definitely a kick in the mouth. Tasty though. Vegetarian curry: The curry was blander than I had expected considering the strong flavors of everything else. Good variety of vegetables.All together was a little over $25/person, including tip.
Worth the wait, but even better if you can get there early and stand like a nerd on the sidewalk while you wait for them to open. I wouldn't say portions are too large but you can definitely share. Super delicious!Friendly staff, prompt service (considering how busy they all are, getting all their tables at once) and not over-priced. I will come back and get there early for sure!
Always a long wait, and I'm a little uncertain why.The staff and environment are nice. But I'm not that sold on the food...I have Burmese friends who aren't quite sure why this place is so popular. The food's certainly not bad, but it's not amazing. I had several dishes, including the Tea Leaf Salad.For my Burmese fix, I prefer Yamo in the Mission.
Tried the location in Alameda first and definitely prefer Burma in the Inner Richmond. Loved the Samusa Salad with the vegetarian samusas over cabbage cucumbers, mint and onions. They aren't lying when they say the Chili Lamb is spicy. The flavor was amazing but it was HOT!
Meh... I've had better
My wife and I had dinner here on a Tuesday night and there was still a long wait (45 minutes for a table for 2). We put our name down and walked across the street to have a cup of coffee while we wait.ed It is a nice small ambient restaurant that is very busy inside. The service is very attentive, quick, and friendly. We ordered:Tea leaf salad: They bring the salad out with the ingredients separated and explain everything before they mix it. It was flavorful and had a nice little crunch to it.Mango Chicken: It comes greasy, but delicious and sweet and goes well with the Coconut rice. Garlic noodles: I am a huge fan of garlic and they add a lot of garlic to the noodles. This as well comes greasyCoconut rice: very sweet and compliments everything on the menu
Just moved to SF but I've been frequenting Burma Superstar for years! The Rainbow Salad is one of the most unique, flavorful and fresh salads you will find! A must have for every visit. My new favorite is the sesame tofu, the texture is absolutely perfect! Love the coconut rice, the Burma coolers and the samusa soup... This is a great place to come with a crew and order all sorts of things you can share. I've heard this restaurant called overrated by a lot of people in SF since I have moved here but the lines out the door don't lie. Not every dish is a "10" but there are some real gems. Give it a try!
Great Burmese food. I am not sure how authentic this place is but it has the best tea leaves salad between Mandalay and Yamo - the romaine lettuce makes a big difference in adding umph to the salad. I didn't care for the samusas but the mohinga soup was really tasty and not fishy considering that it is catfish chowder! The rainbow salad is also very popular but I like the tea leaves salad more.
This would be a 3.5 star. Its good food, but not excellent. Not a place I would run back to, but good to go once or twice. The wait was about 1.5 hrs.The samosa soup was excellent. The green tea salad was also good. I would go back and have a bowl of soup and the salad. That was my favorite dish from what we had.I think its a little extra hyped up.We are vegitarian and so not sure about the meat dishes, they maybe much better.
There's all this excitement about this place, and I tried the one in Oakland as well...frankly, I was disappointed. Maybe my expectations were too high.The signature dish, tea leaf salad, was really bland. Not as intense in flavor as Yamo's.I can't even remember the other things we ordered, but i do remember paying a large bill.Personally, for the price, the food just doesn't seem to measure up.
Tea tree salad, I love you!! Coconut rice... mango chicken, I just love everything on this menu. Would come back again and again!
First time trying Burmese food. There is a long wait time and they don't take reservations. don't go there when you are super hungry. Loved their chicken casserole! The tea salad wasn't bad and lamb chilli and mint chicken was good- but a little too tangy. Would go there again for the chicken casserole and try out some new dishes.
I came to this restaurant because it is one of the most reviewed places in San Francisco on Yelp. This meant that I would have high expectations. The experience turned out to be just alright for me.The food was decent, we ordered:Appetizer: Samusas (pretty delicious, the sauce it came with was spicy. Although, this dish didn't stand out to me. I've had the same thing elsewhere.)Soup: Moh Hinga (it was alright, not anything too special. The catfish inside the soup was crunchy, it wasn't something I expected. It's different, but wasn't as good as I hoped. I should've ordered the most popular soup at the restaurant, oh well.)Entree: Beef curry (I was really disappointed in this, it was whatever. It tasted like a common dish anyone makes at home. I expected it to be yellow or red, but it was brown and didn't look that presentable.)I also got the Burma Cooler which is an alcoholic beverage with ginger in it for $6.50. Not really worth it.So, my experience was just whatever. I don't think I'll be going back here although I wouldn't mind trying the other dishes if I get the chance. I don't know what all the hype is about. The service was great by the way.
On the one hand, I am freaked out about the E. Coli outbreak, and the fact that the source was never really even identified, so I will probably never return. On the other, the city could do with a few less hipsters :D and ... FWIW I loved the food here, and, it was the perfect place to take my brother who enjoys really good food but doesn't like pretense. It was both accessible and the food was inspiring. As far as the food was concerned, I'm not surprised it made the Michelin 2014 Bib Gourmand list.
My brother and I had decided to check out the best Burmese restaurant in San Fran while we were here because they don't really have that many good Burmese restaurants in L.A. We worried about lines but there was non when we got here. I understood why they would be lines once we got inside and saw how intimate the place was. We tried the Tea Leaf Salad and were surprised at how much lettuce they were using in the salad but their mixture of that and lemon changed and made the flavor so much better than what we traditionally eat at home. We also ordered Lamb curry and beef curry. The lamb curry we had was so amazing it alone gave this place 5 stars. The Good here was amazing. Go here. Try it. Love it.
This place was delicious! Went around 4:50 and there was a line, but got seated in the quaint little restaurant exactly at 5. I ordered the pumpkin tofu (subbed for the beef and saved a couple of bucks!) and it was sooooo good! There were big pieces of the squash in the sauce that made the dish deliciously sweet. I ate every last bite of it and was stuffed after! Next time I must try their infamous salad that everyone raves about. Definitely check this place out!
I don't really drink tea or eat salads, so the tea leaf salad sounded iffy, but I ordered it at the suggestion of my girlfriend.If someone were to claim "Never have I ever eaten a good salad," I'll now have to take a shot.
Best food i've had in a loooong time! Got here around 630 on Sunday eve and the wait was one hour. Expect that. We went over to the Bitter End and got a few drinks and were conveniently called by the hostess via cell phone that our table was ready. Awesome!We ordered a bunch of things. I really liked the chicken dahl, garlic noodles, and string beans. The food was fresh and had amazing flavor.Highly recommend!
My praise is hardly needed after the well deserved raves Burma Superstar has been getting from day one, but I too must say that their food is delicious, their service excellent, and despite the crowds the space is inviting. Sit at the communal table!
It's good, but not memorable enough to be worth the price. They haven't shown that burmese food is different enough for the hype.
Everyone raves about this restaurant, but I don't think it deserves all the praise it gets. I think it's become popular because: it fills an under-served ethnic niche (where else can you get Burmese food?); is sort of hole-in-the-wall but not entirely (so it feels authentic to foodies, but not so authentic as to scare off unadventurous suburbanites and people afraid of spicy food---you know the type); and it has at least one grand-slam dish in the Tea Leaf Salad.We started off with a Tea Leaf Salad ($10). We made it vegan by omitting the shrimp. To be fair, this dish is excellent: it's a wonderful mix of crispy, soft, savory and subtle with a mixture of split peas, shallots, lettuce and the delicious, unusual nature of tea leaves. At $10 it's an expensive appetizer (but all the other appetizers are roughly the same price), but definitely worth getting.We then had a "poodi" ($10) and a tofu vegetable kebat ($11) for our main dishes. Thankfully, Burma Superstar offers brown rice to go with the dishes (albeit at an extra cost).The poodi is basically potatoes in an Indian-style garam masala/turmeric/onions/garlic/ginger sauce. It comes with four pieces of fried wheat bread (akin to Indian "puri"). This dish was eminently passable and bland. The bread was too hard and the curry itself lacked any depth; it felt watery, really. A coconut milk base might have given this dish more heft and interest.The tofu kebat was also pretty bland. It was a simply curry/stew with tomatoes and soft tofu (not fried and only barely stir-fried) and some other vegetables. Easily forgettable.This place is always packed, seemingly no matter the time of day; we came at nearly 3 p.m. on a Saturday and it was still bustling. Groups larger than two can expect long waits.The service was friendly and prompt.In the future I'll try B Star, the sister restaurant a block away, which seems to have some more unusual-sounding dishes. On a whole, Burma Superstar underwhelmed me, with the exception of the Tea Leaf Salad, which is legitimately awesome.
This should be 1 star higher based on the food, but the service was spotty. Our waitress stopped checking in on us, and they served the dishes as they came out (i.e. 1st person is served while everyone else watches). The 4th person was left without a dish for a good 20min (they clearly forgot to place that order). We had the coconut mango lassi (excellent), rainbow salad (good), nan pia dok (very good), chili lamb (good but very spicy), and platha (doughy). I thought the ambiance was inviting.
Always busy. Always delicious. We live in the neighborhood, so we usually order take-out to avoid the long lines. Strongly recommend the rainbow salad! Bright flavors and the perfect size to split as an appetizer or to eat on your own as an entree.
The rice. The rice, the curries, the tea leaf salad - this place is simply fantastic. Can't miss.
I love this place. All of the other yelpers who are fans are right in many respects.So why 4 stars instead of 5 you ask?Well the last trip i made was about 3 weeks ago.I ordered the steak kebat as I always have and was very disappointed. I asked and found out that they had changed their recipe a little. There were not many tomatoes and the sauce was not nearly as savory. It tasted like steak that had been grilled with some tomatoes, not the moutwatering goodness that was steak that tasted like it was marinated in tomato sauce and then cooked to perfection.I hope they change it back. Until then, i will have to stick with tea leaf salad.
Yup, the line to get in is pretty damn long and the service was slow. However, the tea leaf salad and samosa soup was divine. I wish I got bigger portions of those and skipped the entrees. They were good, but nothing memorable. (I'm writing this review a week later and can't remember what else I ordered.)I bought a T-shirt like the damned dirty tourist I am and it's super cute and really soft.
Oh god. The food. The spices. The fragrance when you walk into the restaurant. Just... just go. Seriously.Word to the wise: Phone in your order for take out. Pick it up and eat it at home. Skip the long line!
The food is stellar: a combination of Indian, Thai, and Chinese flavors with it's own touches. Order the tea salad and the noodle salad to start. And make sure to order the ginger beer--it's refreshing and cleanses your palate in between dishes. The rices are also amazing. In addition, the staff is extremely friendly and capable. This is as good as a dining experience gets.And don't forget to call ahead to try and put your name in; the wait can be long.
After hearing so many great things, I had to give this place a try and I'm glad I did. Luckily we were able to grab a table right away arriving at 5PM right when they opened for dinner. If you come later, good luck! Tea leaf salad: Fresh, "healthy", and tasty for sure.Okra and egg: Loved the tomato based sauce!Garlic noodles with pork: Meh.Spicy garlic shrimp: Very tasty but not spicy at all.Beef curry: Some pieces were tender and some were not, but tasty sauce to say the least.Overall for taste Yamo is the clear winner in my book, but for variety, more seating, and convenience I'll be back for sure!
Everything they say about this place is true. Go!
The long line is certainly worth the wait!
We've always wanted to try this place out as it is one of the most popular restaurants in SF.  We got there at 6 PM and only had to wait 30 minutes. Parking wasn't too bad if you don't mind walking 2 blocks. One thing to note is the tables are really close together, so don't let out any dirty secrets!We ordered the tea salad, samosa soup, curry lamb, and the chicken casserole with a coconut rice. Also, the hostess hooked us up with free ice tea if you mention yelp and check in. My phone was dead, so she hooked me up anyways!The tea salad was good. It had all these different ingredients that the waiter explained.  It was fresh and delicious.Next came the samosa soup. It had a spicy kick to it, but not too bad. It had flavor to it and it's unique if you don't eat Indian food all the time. The curry lamb was good, but nothing I haven't had at a Thai restaurant. The curry was good though, make sure you get some rice to go with it!Lastly, to top it off came the chicken casserole. The chicken was a little dry, but because there was alot of spices it added flavor to it. Price was reasonable for the amount we ordered. The portions are a pretty good size as we had a bunch of leftovers to bring back home.  Would recommend and go back!
I like Chinese food, but sometimes it can be a bit greasy.I like Indian food, but sometimes it can be a bit spicy.Burmese food, however, combines the two cuisines ever so perfectly. If you haven't had burmese food before, here are a few pointers:Vegetarian samusa soup: Chunks of samosas in a soupy peanut and garlic flavored broth. Flavor was good, though I found some dry/stale pieces among the crispy ones.Ti leaf salad: Now THIS is the dish to die for. Explodes your mouth with flavor and possibly nothing like you've eaten before. Refreshingly crunchy.Garlic noodles: Very garlic-ey, obvi. Also very tasty but it was a bit cold when it got to our table.Mint chicken: Very spicy ground chicken, not for the faint of heart.It's worth the drive and the 1.5 hour wait. Go before you're hungry, put in your name, and grab a few drinks at the wine bar down the street while you wait.
Maybe this is a tip and not a review... Get the take out! The food is phenomenal, as everyone else has reviewed. Can't really go wrong with any dish. But I hadn't realized that you can call in your order, walk to the back of the restaurant, and walk out with an amazing meal!
I am a gluten-free, dairy-free food gimp and I fell in love with Burma Superstar right away. Not only could I already have a number of things on the menu - which our server identified happily and understandingly, such a rare thing - he even offered immediately to have the chef prepare the Rainbow Salad my group was ordering in a way so I could also share.After that, my GF/DF sangria quickly arrived, and it was both delicious and intoxicating. (One might say it was also necessary, since the in-laws were with us and were on day 6 or 7 of their visit.) There was some interesting fruit that had a unique texture and not-too-sweet taste along with the usual types - should have asked what it was, because I would love to try it again!Finally, the food. Absolutely delicious. The Rainbow Salad was not 100% my jam, as it had more of a tart-but-savory palette, but the rest of the group went nuts for it. (I just have an inexorable sweet tooth.)My meal was a type of curry that pretty much blew my mind, and the jasmine rice was perfectly prepared. Everyone else loved their food, too, and it was silent for a few minutes as everyone sank into Burmese dining bliss. (Leftovers were also quite yummy the next day.)My husband had heard about the fried tofu but forgot to order it as an appetizer, so we had it as a kind-of-already-stuffed-but-we-want-it-since-we're-here treat, and the server brought the sauce on the side so I could try just the fried tofu, too. So considerate. It was delicious, and tasted very different from what I had guessed. If I could muster the patience to learn to cook (and then clean after), this would be a staple for me. Everyone else loved the sauce, too.We came on a Sunday around 2 PM and only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table, but it was also St. Patrick's weekend, so a lot of people were out at bars. Parking was easy at a meter just around the corner.
Burmese food, eh? It seems to be a hybrid of Thai and Indian food...and yum. For dinner on a Saturday evening, this place was the bee's knees and packed to the ceiling. We had a party of three, and had to wait about 2 hours...which ended up working out because we weren't very hungry when we arrived. Normally, I don't know if I could handle this wait.We had the tea leaf salad, which was unlike anything I had ever had before, but in all the right ways. It featured fermented tea leaves and various seeds and nuts in a savory concoction of tastiness.For entrees, we split the garlic noodles (with broccoli and tofu), the pumpkin shrimp stew, and some spicy chicken dish (I think it might have been the fiery chicken with tofu). That chicken was AMAZING. Everything else was really good, too! We did a Yelp check-in from our table to receive a free Thai iced tea...sweet! We were stuffed when we left, I felt like we had to be rolled out. YUM.
Burma Superstar has great burmese food! Come early though, my family came at 5:30 and didn't get seated until 6:30pm. The place is tiny so it's inevitable that you'll have to wait. Service was great, the waiters & waitresses were very friendly. Now for the food...My family ordered:-Tea Leaf Salad - so good. I enjoyed the presentation of the waiter mixing it in front of us!!-Rainbow noodle salad - also really good. It was served cool, with a citrus flavor. Very refreshing.-Bread appetizer thing -- really, really good. It came with some curry sauce. My family ordered more of it because it was so yummy! Crispy on the outside, and warm & soft on the inside :) It really hit the spot! DEFINITELY ORDER THIS ONE.-Pork Belly - which was everyone's favorite dish. It's super tender and rich with flavor. The fat literally breaks apart from the meat when you pick it up with your chopsticks. DEFINITELY ORDER THIS ONE.-Chicken curry noodles - the next favorite of the table. Super good flavor and an interesting combination since it's noodles. Pretty good, I may order again (only because there are so many other things I want to try!)-Chicken Casserole - my mom ordered this one, and liked it. I thought it was okay.-Sesame Beef - this one was alright. I'd have to say it was more of an average dish, kind of like something you'd get at Panda Express.-Beef Curry - this one was okay too. Wasn't my favorite but it was pretty decent. Probably wouldn't order it again.Can't wait to return!!!
Why is it a "superstar?" Because it's famous! Why is it famous? Namely, the tea leaf salad and the soup. The soup was the killer for me. Samosa soup. The waiters stood around while we ate slowly like little piggies on sedatives and spoke giddily about boys. For hours. We must have been pretty darn annoying. Not a peep! Not a complaint! Just constant water refills and patience. And friendliness!This place deserves 5 stars for the food alone, but the service seals the deal.
I liked the bread and the curry was ok.
You'll wait an hour for a table at this popular spot where the waiter will undoubtedly predict your order before you even have a chance to unfold your napkin: the Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup. The plated food resembles a smorgasbord of ingredients, but thankfully the combination of all these food stuffs is actually pretty tasty. I can't say I'm crazy about this place like a lot of others seem to be, but the service is friendly, plus the food is fresh and flavourful.
first time having Burmese food. It was out-of-this-world amazing!!
My family calls Aubuchon Dad's favorite store, and it is !!!
the rainbow salad is one of my favorite dishes out there right now.. people rave about the tea leaf salad, which i think is mediocre, but the rainbow salad is what it's all about...
I know I'm going to get stoned. I know, what's wrong with me to disagree with 3000 people?Maybe I think 1.5-2 hour waits are crazy. They call you when the table is ready so you can wander, but by that time you've already snacked for an hour.Maybe I'm too demanding - while the servers are super nice, I don't get why it takes 20 minutes between dishes when the restaurant has half cleared.Maybe I'm a Burmese food hater - I love Indian and Thai, so theoretically this should be my favorite thing ever, but somehow, it doesn't do it for me.Maybe I'm boring - I agree that the 7x7 Tea Leaf Salad, catfish curry, and flat noodles are interesting, but interesting doesn't = delicious. Other than the coconut rice, nothing made me want more.There's something to be said for unique and this place gets gold stars for that, but uniqueness doesn't drag me to Richmond at 9PM,
If you're a group of four (or more) make sure to come in right when they open or you might end up waiting for a long while. The tea-leaf salad and rainbow salad's to die for and their tamarind margarita is just yummy-licious- Five Superstars!
Worth the Hype, and by hype I mean wait.
This was one our favorite places during our recent visit to SF! we had the Samuasas, Oh So Kaushaw and the Tea Leaf Salad! it was ridiculously amazing!!!
It was amazing! The wait is always really long but the food is so worth it. Just the right mix of spices for each dish.
I've been here before but I think I ordered all the wrong items. This time I got it right. Ordered the tea leaf salad and the samusa soup. My thoughts were how great can they be, given that they are both vegetarian dishes. The flavors are so complex, it's amazing. Who ever thought of putting samusas in a soup was a genius. Both are full of rich flavors, incredibly complex. Definitely a must try. Without a doubt the best vegetarian soup, and salad I've ever had.
Heard a lot about this place, so decided to try it out on my visit to san fran. About a 20min wait outside for our party of 3 on a friday night.. we had the beef curry, tea leaf salad, and samosas. Good food and first time having Burmese!
Wowwww. Can I get a CHILI LAMB plate every day of my life?! Exquisitely thin slices of tender juicy lamb in almost a dry chili rub with red chiles and jalapeno- very flavorful, very unique, very AWESOME. If Burma does takeout, looks like this will be my go to meal for the rest of my stint in SF. Total five star dish. Would NOT miss! (unless you hate spicy...but just don't take a bite of the jalapeos and you'll be ok!! They're easy to avoid.) Also INSANE- the coconut rice. So subtle, sweet, and such a perfect pair with that bomb chili lamb. The new dynamic duo. Chili lamb and coconut rice. Chicken and tofu kebat- another gem that just became more tasty with every bite. We at first thought it was mediocre, but after realizing we weren't utilizing the SAUCE, we quickly noticed what a drastic different that tangy tomatoey sauce made. The remainder is in my fridge and I can't wait to go home from work and just take that sauce like a shot.Only Four Stars for me yet the food network featured dish: the vegetarian samusa soup. Maybe if it were my only entree I would've been down, but it reallllly filled me up as an appetizer, and I only had like half a tiny bowl! The taste was interesting and different (and still, 4 stars!) but I'm just not craving it the way I am the rest of the dishes. Definitely a good warming soup for a freezing SF summer (!) day. Also 4 stars and I might be crucified for this: the tea leaf salad. An amazing salad which I will absolutely get again, as the tea leaves were quite wonderful and unique, but I've had better salads that blew me away :/ still loved it! Just not five stars.PHENOMENAL. For an outstanding meal: tea leaf salad followed by coconut rice + chili lamb plate. Can't go wrong.
The tea leaf salad and samosa soup are just as amazing as you expect.
i had high hopes for this place and was really excited to try it, but sadly i have to say that it is overrated. got 4-5 items that the waitress/yelp recommended and i dont think i really loved any of them. the pumpkin curry was quite good and so was the ground chicken dish. i definitely enjoyed it, but i would not wait in line for it.. lucky for me, i got there right when it opened and beat the rush. it's also a bit over priced for burmese food. total for 3 people came out to about 120.
I wish the lines weren't so long. I wish my family liked spicy food more. I wish this place was closer. Oh how I wish and wish and wish. Perhaps with a swish over an Ish Wish Dish, I will eat here again. This place is fantastic. The curries are scrumptious. Stop wasting time reading yelp and GO!!!
All I ever really get from here is the tea salad, and I don't feel like I need anything more from them. Delicious.
With over 3000 yelps, don't let mine sway you. I say go and try.Perhap sI was jaded by all the 4 and 5 stars and had high expectations. Perhaps the cook were just a bit off that evening. Perhaps my taste buds were off..I must admit - I LOVE the TEA LEAF SALAD. In fact, I loved it so much that I inhaled the dish... so for that I give it a 4 star. But the rest of the dishes were uneventful. The Nan Gyi Dok (coconut chicken rice noodle curry) was just blah and tasted like it was missing something. The sesame chicken tasted like a mediocre teriyaki. I would definitly give it another go and try other dishes..and hope that I pick the right ones.
It's pretty tasty. But the wait is long. And the hype is too high.And the portions small. =( Burmasupermeh.Edit: 1 more star for the tea leaf salad. You will never find anything else like it...Unless you go to another Burmese restaurant.
Can you say amazing! Because that is what your taste buds will scream at you while eating here. So the wait is well justified. We had the tea leaf salad and tan pao current with beef. Everything just worked. The flavors were complex and balanced. Just do it! Also the prices are completely reasonable.
Per the recommendation of my clients, friends and other reviews....I checked out this gem while on vacation in San Fran.Needless to say that this was my favorite meal from the whole trip...Tea Leaf Salad...seriously so good...get it!honestly everything I ate was delicious....I will be coming back when I make my way back to San Fran.
Food is ok. It's the most overrated restaurant in SF. It's also overpriced and the food is over salted every time!
The best Burmese food ever! The tea salad and the other crazy salad with five ingredients are to die for.
Good food. Interesting flavors. Friendly staff.
Delicious. Best dishes I've had are rainbow salad, chicken coconut noodle soup, chicken with basil...but everything I've tried has been good!
WOW.That was all I could say when eating dinner at Burma Superstar last night. Every bite was better than the last. I didn't want it to end, even though I was too full to move.I ordered the Rainbow Salad (thank you fellow Yelpers), Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil, Spicy and Crispy Chicken, and Coconut Rice.The Rainbow Salad came out first (and in 10 minutes!), and our waitress described all of the ingredients in it, and while she was mixing it together for us, I was just mesmerized and dying to take the first bite. It was the most amazing salad, ever. I would even be willing to come back, wait for 1+ hours, and just get the salad. That good.The main dishes were flavorful, great portions and went so well with the Coconut Rice. It gave the meal an extra 'oomph' and an extra kick of flavor that plain white rice wouldn't be able to do.I wish I had room for dessert, but next time, I will make sure to try something from their dessert menu.Service was great, everyone was extremely friendly. Once you get to your table, you forget all about the long wait. If you want to look at the bright side of waiting 1+ hours to get a table, by the time you get seated you will probably already know what you want from staring at the menu for so long and you won't waste any time ordering your food! :)
Joe B reviewed El PaseoFirst of all the outdoor patio is awesome,so romatic. Our waitress was great,and the appetizers Pan Roasted Oysters and Duck Wings were great. However the T-Bone for 2 was terrible-served ice cold and had no flavor-really stay away from this dish.HOWEVER as bad as the T-Bone was the MANAGER WAS THE WORST MANAGER I have ever seen. Listen to this when we arrived at 6.30 no other table on the patio was taken. So our waitress put the one heated by us. About 45 min later the manager came over and told us he had to move it over to the other table as there was more people at that table. I said u mean put it in the middle of the two tables but no all the way over to the other table,and the hell with us.Turns out these were his friends and We could not believe he did this. I t was chilly and combined with the steak it ruined our experience.We still will go back and try some thing else other than the steak but HE SHOULD BE FIRED,TERRIBLE PERSON!!!! I HAVE NEVER WROTE SOMETHING BAD ABOUT ANYONE BUT WE JUST COULD'T BELIEVE HE DID THIS.I
Um... how should I put this..? The Food Network didn't actually screw this one up- its as delicious as they said it was. The tea leaf salad, garlic eggplant, and deluxe vegetable curry were delicious, and that other 3 letter word that's used to describe food thats yummy. Totally blows any other Burmese food I've had away- like potato gun style. What did you say? Those are illegal? ... Uh-o- I MEAN, duh I totally knew that. *cough.*
First time here last year while visiting an old time friend. Their tea salad was delicious. Can't wait to return for seconds.
If you're reading about this place chances are you have heard about the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, and poodi. Good - try all three even though the waiter will warn you that the poodi and samosa soup are very similar; a good thing is a good thing. But what you may not know is that the owner bought the place from the original owner because she wanted to elevate Asian cuisine from $9.99 All You Can Eat Buffets. The skill and technique that goes into making a delicious Asian dish can be tasted here. Appreciate that the tea leaves in the tea leaf salad are fermented. Enjoy the vegetarian dishes that need no meat to bring complexity to the bite. And you have to respect that these folks can move a table pretty darn fast.
Delicious Somosas provided all day. The food is delicious, hot and tasty. Longlines but definitely worth the wait.
Let's rate this place for the three things that I find myself mumbling about when I try a new place....1. wait time2. service3. fooooooooooooooodOkay...the service is EXCELLENT! From the guy outside to the wait staff to the bus boy...the professionalism and demeanor is tip top. QUICKTIP...for those who know how busy it can be at Burma...although they don't take reservations, they DO let you call ahead! This is for those "id jots" that circle the block looking for parking all the while noticing the small mass of bodies huddled outside the doors...ONLY to exclaim "30-45 minutes for a table?!?" like they didn't expect THAT to happen....Food...everyone told me to try a salad here. I said..."you crayjee m'friend" but alas...after reading the description of the tea leaf and rainbow salads...i felt the urge to partake. Delicious! Had the samosas to start off...good...taste like some I've had before. The Oxtail Claypot was delish! Dunno if most have eaten oxtail before but...the claypot style had the meat just falling off the bone soft.  Instead of rice we opted for the duck garlic noodles. I'll say this...I've had noddles from Thanh Long and Crustacean before and these rival those joints...minus the extra $$$. Oh yeah...the wait time. 5 stars, two thumbs up...and '3 snaps in a Z formation' for the call ahead seating requests. I used to grumble to myself when I took 20 minutes to find parking on Clement only to have to wait another 30-45 minutes for a seat. No more!Great place to eat on Clement y'all! The only negative I noticed was that parking is a bit rough but...that's not on Burma.
From the time I called to the time I was seated ...1 hr plus.Guy at the door wouldn't allow us to be seated because one of us was parking ... I don't get it..why can't the rest order?Ordered the spicy lamb and curry noodles...the curry noodles had an awful fishy taste. The waiter did take it off the tab after we sent the dish back.
Burma Superstar has never let me down. Everyone I've ever taken to eat there has been so impressed and become a fan and regular. The quality of service, the taste and preparation of the dishes and the fantastic drinks both alcoholic and not. There is no doubt in my mind that if I want to have a great experience, I can always go there. Parking can be difficult at times but it is very much worth the effort. Great for fellow Vegans and Gluten Free eaters.
Tea leaf salad!!
31/2 stars. Not worth an hour wait and the place is compacted inside. Tea Leaf Salad-goodPumpkin Pork Stew-Not badChicken Basil-Good flavor but nothing specialI like Burma Cafe much more.
Whenever someone from out-of-town comes to visit me, this is the restaurant I always take them to. People are intrigued at the concept of Burmese food, as the only things most people seem to know about Burma is Aung San Suu Kyi and sarongs. The wait here can be long, but it's usually never more than an hour. The restaurant is located in Inner Richmond, so if you go at night, make sure you can handle the cold fog as you will be waiting outside, summer or winter.Again, I also make sure to get the tea leaf salad here everytime. It tastes quite yummy and with the various ingredients they thrown in, you can a nice mix of crunchy, tangy, and herbal. I'd also recommend the various curries and seafood dishes here, particularly the Tofu curry, Shrimp Kebat, and Okra curry. And the waiters here are so helpful and attentive. They usually can give good recommendations if you're really indecisive. If it's your first time, I'd recommend trying a few of their suggestions.
Delish! It's true what they say one here--get the Sumosa Soup. It's even vegetarian, for those of us who care. All of the food we had here was great. The waitress suggested we try the broccoli when we asked here what she suggested for vegetarians. It wasn't as 'punchy' as the soup but it was a lovely subtle flavor. We also got one of the vegetarian curries. My friend and I unfortunately finished it all (no leftovers).We did read reviews before going and made sure we got there early (about 5:30). There was no wait and they sat us immediately.
This was my first time having burmese food and I was VERY satisfied with it. The food was not too different from thai and chinese food but still unique enough to be it's own style.the tea leaf salad was one of my favorite dishes that we ordered. they serve it to you with the different ingredients separated at first. the waiter then serves it to you and mixes it for you at your table so you can see what goes into the salad. if you like spicy food, their mongolian beef was very good. it was not as oily as some chinese restaurants make it but it still had plenty of flavor and a big kick of spiciness.i ordered a thai tea with my drink and i was very pleased that it tasted authentic and not powdered.overall i would come back here again and try different dishes
I sit down and order the tea leaf salad because that is what they are famous for. People must have hyped it up for me because it was just ok. Really oily and a bit salty. I really liked the nutty crunch though.We also got the Burmese beef curry with coconut rice. The coconut rice is AMAZING! I would come back just to eat that. The curry was a bit salty for my taste.
GREAT Tea leaf salad, otherwise a bit underwhelmed. Good place but not worth the long wait.
Finally had to go see what the hype is all about.....BUT a 2 hour wait??!!!! Is this for real? The food is good, but IMHO not worth the wait. If you can manage to put your name on the list 1-2 hrs before GO, if not...wait for another night.
Pros:Samusa soup, tea leaf salad. Garlic and chili shrimp. Spicy eggplant. Kenny who works here is great. Cons:Can be a long wait, but worth it!Fun:Burma aka Myanmar is an interesting travel destination when you are in Asia--very close to Thailand.
Despite having avoided coming here in the past because of this place's popularity and crowds, I am very glad I finally got to eat here. We got the must have tea leaf salad and salt and pepper calamari to start. We also ordered the coconut rice, sesame tofu and garlic eggplant. All of the dishes were very flavorful and had great portions (enough for two people to share). We were so stuffed we had to take home leftovers and skip dessert, but their fried banana with ice cream looked tempting. The menu is pretty extensive, with a lot of dishes, both vegetarian and not-so-vegetarian to choose from. Their drink selection is also very nice and I love that they sell soju cocktails; I had the lychee mojito, which was yummy. The ginger lemonade and the mango lassi were absolutely delicious. They do not take reservations, which is why they always have a huge line of eager people waiting to get in. Their reputation is well deserved and I look forward to coming back and trying some of their other dishes like the mango chicken!
So I went to California Academy of Sciences right before and waited to watch the planetarium show it made me run behind and nearly missed my opportunity to try this restaurant. It was 2:24pm when my bf and i walked out of the museum. We parked pretty far so we were speed walking to the car in hopes that we would get to Burma Superstar before 3pm when it closes. What didn't help was the long ass traffic it took to get on the opposite of Golden Gate Park. -_- By 2:45, we nearly gave up. Then, I decided to call in an order at 2:45pm for to go and send my bf out the car to pick it up. I was not giving up a fight. We got there at almost 3pm with success!I did not have a chance to step in the restaurant but bf said it was really crowded. It was a good idea we did take out. I managed to find 15 minute parking for use to eat our take out in the car and it was delish!We ordered Beef Kenat, Tea leaf salad, and coconut rice. The best combination of food ever!We struggled but we conquered!Tip 1: Order Tea Leaf SaladTip 2: Mix all contents of the Tea Leaf Salad together.... its not the same if you don't mix it all!Tip 3: If you don't get there in time... call in the order and eat it in the car! Plus, you don't have to pay tip =P
This place really offers awesome and unique food that you can't get from anywhere else. Love Love Love their salads, especially the rainbow salad and tea leaf salad. There are so many ingredients in the salads. The dressings are incredible. It was like an explosion of flavors in your mouth when you take just a small bite, the kind of intricate and particular flavors that provide you with an unique experience. They also mix the salad right in front of you.We tried their other dishes before too such as noodles, they were pretty good as well. I have to take one star off because of the wait. It seems to be ALWAYS busy and crowded there. Expect to have __at least__ an hour wait if you go at lunch/dinner hour.
Tea leaf salad & Samusa soup are awesome! Tried a few other dishes but feel their portions are a bit small. Prices are on the high side. Order for pickup as the wait here is ridiculous most times(dining room is study, hot).
This is a "must visit" if you are in SF. Order everything. There is usually a wait (although people in California don't seem to mind this, curiously...)
Tea Leaf Salad!
It is delicious.
the tea leaf salad is so delicious. i always take friends and family here with they come to visit SF. a treat.
The vegetarian Tea Leaf Salad is bomb. Next time I go I'll order 2.
For my first time trying Burmese food this place was great!
Awesome food! Have never been disappointed - we regularly order the lotus chips, tea salad, and rainbow salad then add a couple of new dishes.Service is friendly and attentive. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because they don't take reservations and waits can be very long. Go before 5 if you want to avoid the wait.
Great food, good service, but they have COCKROACHES. I have been a long time fan and regular customer of Burma Superstar, so it pains me to write this. I live close by, and have referred many out of town guest and locals there. I met up with friends for lunch there yesterday. We ordered several salads, soup and entrees. As we were eating our salads, my friend froze up then started squirming in her seat. She jumped up a few seconds later, and said there was a cockroach crawling on her leg! The roach crawled back into the booth. :0 Once I heard that I jumped out of my seat as well. Our waitress realized what was happening and quickly grabbed our plates and moved us to the communal table. They did not try to get rid of it nor did they reassure us that they would get pest control in there to remedy the situation. They didn't seem phased by it and simply moved us.  They quickly set the table and sat another group at that table shortly after!!!!! Maybe this happens a lot there and they are no longer phased by it???My friend lost her appetite pretty much after that and couldn't bring herself to eat the tea leaf salad, since the tea leafs reminded her of the black roach. When we finished our meal, the waitress told us they were bringing us a dessert for what happened. They chose the dessert and didn't give us an option to choose. They did not comp our meal... not even a single dish. We tried to be good sports about it, but after we left, I realized the staff's resolution was not adequate. The manager never came over to apologize or acknowledge they might have a problem and was going to look into it. It doesn't matter how good their food is...I don't think I can bring myself to return there until I know they've addressed their pest situation.
Too busy, not worth the wait. We were the last ones to be served our meals and our drinks, even though we were the first ones to get seated. Everything was flavorful but overly done. Not coming back. We were so annoyed with the waiter and kept giving him "the eye" and raising our hands to get some service, but we were always just passed up. We were sitting in the middle of the dang restaurant too (not like we were stuck in some corner in the back)! Luckily we didn't get sick from the food, as I've read in the other reviews. Anyways... never again. Over hyped and under delievered.
The samosa soup was killer! It had the perfect blend of spices and chunky, mashed potato samosas. As for the other sides: the chicken samosas were decent, but I've had a better tea leaves salad at Mingalaba.In the entrees, the superstar vegetarian sweet noodles stood out the most: delicious! It turns out that they're not that sweet and I'm all for the uniqueness. The garlic noodles were barely so-so. In the end we had just the perfect amount of food, as the portions aren't that huge and the food is mostly light and edible!I went here with a large group and they were able to accomodate with a less than 30 minute wait on a Sunday. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The flavors are somewhere between Indian food mixed with the fish-based flavors of Thai or Vietnamese food. The tea-leaf salad is probably their number one dish, and for good reason--they import the partially-fermented tea leaves from Burma, and mix them with 10+f other ingredient to make a dish that is immensely flavorful with an interesting mix of textures.The biggest downside is that there is almost always a wait, and there are no reservations. There is another location in North Oakland, but this one has a bigger menu.
The food was good. my friends and i got the orange chicken, some kind of tofu thing & the fried rice (which isn't what we are used to). My favorite was the orange chicken. it is pricey for the amount you get but it was an interesting to try this type of Chinese food. the sangria was pretty good too, i love lychee!
I went for a go-away lunch with co-workers. It was good to order a bunch of things and share.
Even Steve Aoki eats here with his crew. We spotted him coming out of his limo and making quite an entrance on NYE...actually I don't think anyone except my BF recognized him. One thing I noticed was that the music suddenly got better when they came in. We were going to say hi but we figured he didn't want to be bothered. The only one who really recognized him was my BF anyway.Besides that, our food was tasty as usual. We ordered a couple of different dishes this time which were quite good and we didn't wait very long for a rainy evening. This is still one of my favourite places in the city, Oakland and Alameda.
In my opinion 5 stars should be saved for places that are hyped and live up to the hype. Burma SuperStar lived up to the hype. How could a tea leaf salad be anything but just a good salad? Come here and find out. It was soooooo tasty. The waiter brings it out and mixes it in front of you. Then you can dish it out to your dinnermates. The crispy garlic was so good in it and the flavors throughout were very fresh and really really good. We then followed that up by ordering a variety of stuff. Coconut Rice, Pumpkin Pork, Curry Chicken I believe and Beef Curry and then a Shrimp dish. Everything was very fresh, full of unique flavors and were very very pleasing. The service there was also a huge surprise. The wait staff were informative and knew everything about the food they were serving. That is a huge plus because our friends we were eating with did not want to eat any Gluten or Dairy. We were directed to the appropriate dishes and ordered away. The inside is cozy, but it's very busy and expected, so get over it and enjoy your awesome meal.They do not take reservations. Call in and put your name down on the wait list. This is basically you sitting outside the restaurant without doing it. But don't mess up and miss your timeslot, go a bit earlier or you'll be SOL and nobody can help you for messing it up. I would definitely go back there many many times.
the famous tea leaf salad is definitely my favorite.  But the rest was just ok. It seems as most of the stuff are very similar in taste, strong saucy +different kind of meat or seafood. If i really miss the salad i will go again, if not, i hate the long wait...=)
Burma Superstar doesn't need another review, but I have to, because this is officially My Favorite Restaurant On Planet Earth. Seriously. It's my go-to place for out of town guests, and I love to just sit and watch as they take their first bite of the rainbow salad, which is like an explosion of flavors dancing on your tongue -- and watch their faces light up. It's hard to pick dishes to recommend because I've seriously never had anything here I didn't like, and very little I didn't love. The food is great, the service is friendly and the prices are reasonable -- what's not to love?Yes, the wait can be a pain (if you get there after 6 pm on a Friday or Saturday it will be at least an hour and quite possibly longer), but they make it as painless as possible by taking your cell number and calling when your table's ready -- so you can browse along Clement St. or go down the street for a drink with no worries.Try this place. Really. And ignore the one or two naysayers on here, who probably would be better off at McDonalds.
Saturday, 5:05PM.Burmese food = (reminds me of) Chinese + Indian grub = ORGASMIC.Quickie:+Food:    Ridiculously good. Flavors dance on your tongue but don't crowd    the palette+Service   Attentive waiters/waitresses, quick turn-arounds, and the food was    served quick without the costumer feeling rushed about eating*Seating/Environment:   +Cool art/designs on the wall   *The high demand should persuade them to implement a    reservation system*Other:   *Perhaps politically/socially minded? It was selling t-shirts    supporting Aung San Suu Kyi, the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize    Laureate. Final call:We're definitely coming back. Burma Superstar earns its surname. It receives five from me!**********I had a difficult time not wanting to order more than we did:*Burmese Samusas*Tea Leaf Salad*Vegetarian Samusa Soup*Platha*Burmese Styled Fried Rice*Vegetable Curry Deluxe*Thai Iced Tea (with soy)*Golden Monkey (tea with hints of dark chocolate)The samusas had an egg roll-esque exterior but with Indian spices in the inside (comparable to Vik's in Berkeley). Tea Leaf Salad was mixed in front of us and found a way to coalesce tea leaves, lemon, and nuts without one flavor hogging the taste buds. Soup had the right texture, spices, just WOW (trust me on this). Platha tasted like Chinese crepes but thicker (so good dipped in soup or curry). Fried rice with the lentils and spices gave it a tremendous edge over 'normal' fried rice.
Call ahead, get put on the list so you're not outside shivering in the cold for too long. This place far exceeded my expectations. Everything was superb. The coconut rice and tea leaf salad were out-of-this-world incredible. My husband had a list of allergens and the waiter was extremely knowledgeable and friendly to accommodate. He knew the menu inside and out and helped navigate what he could and couldn't eat. We also ordered the pumpkin pork stew and a bunch of other dishes I can't even recall, because we ordered a ton, and it was all so, so, so good! Definitely get the tea leaf salad and coconut rice though, no matter what! :)
Great ethnic food outpost in San Francisco. If you have never had Burmese food you are missing out. If you have never had bfood at Burma superstar You are missing out big time. Don't miss their beef or lamb Curry, their khao suay , and their amazing salads. Wait time can be high but it will be worth it
Love the tea leaf salad and walnut prawns ! The vibe here is great ..a little cramped with some of the tables but a great spot o have good eats.
We got there early enough that we only waited about 20 minutes for a table. They call your phone when your table is ready, so that gave us a little time to browse the neighborhood, especially the interesting little aquarium just down the road.The tea leaf salad is nothing short of divine, full of interesting and lovely flavors. Don't miss out on the coconut rice, either. The slight sweetness of the rice is a great complement to the heat of the garlic and chili shrimp. There are a dozen firm, beautifully-cooked and flavorful shrimp in that wonderful dish.The only disappointment was the Burmese-style curry we ordered. It wasn't the lamb we ordered, but most definitely beef (big, unappetizing, stringy and dried-out chunks) with the taste and texture of pot roast. We called the waiter over and told him that we had gotten beef instead of the lamb we had ordered. His response? "It's lamb." Um, no, we eat a lot of lamb in my family, and we definitely know the difference in flavor and texture between lamb and stringy beef. Definitely NOT worth the $16 price, and definitely not the meat we chose.I would have given this restaurant five stars if they hadn't tried to pass off a cheap cut of pot roast for lamb. That was a disappointment in what was otherwise a wonderful meal.
Having heard about all of Burma SuperStar's accolades and seen its immensely positive reviews, I had severely built up my expectations. And since my expectations were so high and hard to live up to, I'm giving this place 4 stars vs. 3.My main issue with the place is the inconsistency among the dishes. There are some items I loved beyond belief and some that I wish we hadn't ordered. Here's the scoop: 1. Coconut Rice: YUM. Sweet, sticky and delicious. 2. Samusa Soup: Definitely an interesting entree with lots of textures and flavors. However, I wasn't so much a fan of the taste as I was of the uniqueness of it. 3. Burmese Style Lamb Curry: OH MY GOD. This stuff is simply divine. The lamb meat is so tender and the curry sauce is the perfect byproduct of spices and sweetness. I've never had a dish that blended the two opposing flavors so seamlessly. 4. Tea Leaf Salad: As their notorious signature dish, I had high hopes. Now I'm not saying I was disappointed (it was a rather interesting salad) but I was definitely not blown away in any way. It's fairly standard w/ a slight twist on a normal salad you could order at any Thai restaurant. 5. Pumpkin Pork Stew: No. Just no. I did not like anything about this. It's almost as if it's the exact opposite of the Burmese lamb curry. It's sweet without intending to be sweet. And it's grainy without intending to be grainy. Very disappointing. 6. Lychee white wine sangria: DELICIOUS. If you're into fruity sangrias, you will be ecstatic upon having a sip. It's unique, fun, filled with lots of fruits and sweet w/o being too sweet. Is there really more to ask for in a brunch cocktail? All in all, I still recommend giving Burma SuperStar a try. I can guarantee it's prodigiously unique. Just order carefully - don't necessarily order the most-Yelped about dishes here. Try to order dishes that actually sound like something you'd normally be interested in. Happy Eating, Yelpers!
This place is good, but not an hour-wait good.Came here with a group of 5 and got a whole bunch of stuff. My favorites were the Riblets and the Chili Lamb (and I don't even eat lamb).I think I'd only come here again if someone wanted to try something out of the ordinary and we went before 6pm.
What else can you say about this small restaurant except that the food is really unique and that the staff goes out of their way to make sure you have a good dining experience? I sometimes find that once a restaurant has reached the status level of Burma that the staff get arrogant and could care less about you because they know their food is good anyways..this was not the case. We had several waiters help use with ordering, explain the food and one even said they still read Yelp reviews to see what the customer response is. That's what makes a restaurant consistently good. We started with the Tea Leaf Salad..it is different than any other salad you will ever had and I can't quite put my finger on the flavors. The fermented tea leaves imported from Burma push the salad over the top and it was fresh and light.The Mango salad was also fresh with crisp lettuce, shreds of pickled mango and a light dressing. The Vegetable Curry Deluxe is tomato based, full of different vegetables and to die for. The waitress said it was a large dish and suggested we share, but I could have eaten one on my own. This is the dish that I will return for. The Curry Shrimp was also good with the shrimp cooked perfectly and a spicy red curry sauce ladled over the top. Portion sizes are good but not over the top which is refreshing. Be sure to arrive early or else you may face a wait, but at least they provide you with hot tea to ease the suffering!
It was hyped up and delivered. Had the rainbow salad, samosa soup and a beef curry. All of which were awesome.
It's been two years since my good friends introduced me to this wonderful place. Hubby and I make it a point to eat here every time we are in SF, but we weren't able to go last year. I've been looking forward to the tea leaf salad for a long time!Usually there is a wait (and the wait is totally worth it), but we were lucky enough to get a table for 5 within 5 minutes of arriving. This time, we decided to try a rainbow salad in addition to a regular size tea leaf salad. The tea leaf salad was as good as I remember, and the rainbow salad was just as tasty...with 22 different ingredients. I really like the texture of the fried rice and lentils of our other dishes.Excellent service and excellent food - this place has yet to disappoint...and hopefully won't when we return again next year.
tea leaf salad and rainbow salad. MUST EAT!!! Enough said.
Oh my dear lord. I've never tried Burmese before, but this is THE PLACE. The food I tried here at least is amazing. The coconut curry noodles ($10.75) was definitely on point. A little bit spicy, the way I like it. It's curry, but definitely different because of the coconut. The texture was soft, everything noodles are supposed to be.The mango beef was also delicious. Who would have thought adding fruit to an entree was delicious! Mildly sweet and sour. A tad bit spicy from the chili. Be prepared to wait a while for a seat, especially during dinner. I recommending just putting your name down the list and walking around Clement till they call you :)YOU ROCKKKK BURMA SUPERSTAR!
Nice food. Nice service. Please with the first time experience
If you subtract the silly rules behind no reservation leading to a long wait, and the ambiance (only 1 foot between the next table), the food itself deserves 5 stars. I'd never tried Burmese food before, but I definitely will be checking out more in the future!  We tried the tea leaf salad, minced mint chicken (SPICY!), and a coconut curry chicken noodle dish (by far the best). All three dishes were awesome.I will definitely be coming here again, or ordering for take out (which seems like a better decision given the wait/crowded nature of the restaurant).
I've blogged about this local FAVE before on my blog when I visited the bay area last May with my posse. My first experience in Oakland was incredible. We raved and raved about the unique ingredients, the contemporary dcor, the trendy clientele, just about everything since the ambience was really pitch perfect for our large party. Fast forward some 18 months later and now I need to backtrack y'all. Once the atmosphere's been compromised, so have my accommodating taste buds. This time we visited their teensy little SF location on Clement right the afternoon siesta and I have to admit I was grossly disappointed. Having opened in '92, the venue was a bit dingy and very Mom-and-Pop compared to their new and improved Telegraph location. Gone are the gleaming service counters, the vaulted ceilings, and the industrial-chic dcor...what's left is the food. No bells and whistles, no service with a smile, no "thank you, come again!" If the cuisine is clearly Burma's superstar, then the clientele must be their second class citizen. I mean no ice in my water man, what gives??? I'm not completely biased against outdated interior design; I still really do enjoy their food. But only on the other side of the bay y'all. You can read all about it at the link below.Bon Apptit my beauties!
This review is for the food/drinks at Burma Superstar , as I have been a couch potato and ordered out, delivery from Postmates app. on my iphone to be exact. ( DON'T FEEL GUILTY ABOUT IT EITHER)TEA LEAF SALAD ***** yes, everyone and their mother is having it at burma, and you should try as well! Most likely at first glance you will want to regret having ordered this mysterious dish...BUT I promise the orgasmic flavor explosion in your mouth will be something you will savor for EVER! (tip/hint: DO not smell before you put it in your mouth, it contains fermented food so the scent isn't too pleasing to the nose, unless youre a total addict like me) COCONUT RICE ***** simple AMAZING rice with crunchy fried onions garnishing the top. MUST order with anything you order at burma, shoot I would eat it plain! GINGER LEMONADE ***** YUM! Tangy and sweet and citrusy mmmTHAI ICED TEA ***** (duh) MANGO BEEF ***** soooo delicous, the mango pairs perfectly with the spice of the sauce and the beef is tender and perfect. (Go to dish here)SAMOSA SOUP *** wasn't a fan of the soup, perhaps it's because I ordered for delivery? the samosa was a little crunchy inside and it didn't pair well with the smooth broth for me. hey, doesn't mean you won't like it! Nai Doy something... ***** forgive me burma, I cannot recall the proper name of this dish but I do know it contains DELICIOUS coconut chicken curry noodles, so perfect for a foggy SF afternoon in the luxury of my apartment. I LOVE YOU BURMA! Favorite "ethnic" go to spot , ever.
I used to love coming here! And the last several times I went I was not impressed. They have really catered to the "Western" taste and is no longer authentic. I am Burmese and have just gotten back from Burma and I'm here to say Burma Superstar ain't worth the long wait for mediocre food.
Yes. Not worth a 2 hour wait, but nothing is. The food is damn good. The Burmese place down the street is real frakkin good too.
One of the newest restaurants in Pensacola recently opened, a group of friends and I went to breakfast on Sunday 5/18 at The Egg and I. This is one excellent place to have breakfast, their food was delicious, the service superior! We decided to go back the next day for lunch, we all ordered the Chicken apple walnut sandwich. This was the best chicken sandwich I have ever had!I highly recommend The Egg and I...
Our chicken entree dishes were served to us RAW! Talk about losing your appetite! The problem is that this place is good. I mean, mouth-watering delicious. Their tea leaf salad and veggie samusas were phenomenal. But if you are going to serve people raw poultry, which has some serious health hazards, it wipes out every good thing one could say about this place. With a two hour wait to be seated in the first place, we weren't concerned with the extra 5 minutes it would have taken to finish cooking our entrees.
I've never had Burmese food but it is so good! Kind of like a mix between Thai and Indian food would be the best way I would describe it. I went here with some friends and we shared a bit of everything. We started with the vegetable samusas and rainbow salad for starters. Both were very good and I'd come back to get the salad just for myself. Then we split the pumpkin shrimp with coconut rice. It's a combination that I didnt think I would enjoy, but having the slightly sweet coconut rice with the spices of the pumpkin sauce was incredible. Be warned that it's a bit expensive for the amount of food you get and you might be waiting to get in for awhile. There was a line started about 20 minutes before they opened! But I'd say it's worth trying at least once! I'm hoping to go back again.
i found their food truck and i don't even know what i tried, but it was amazing. If i see them again I will definately get something.
Tea Leaf Salad - 5 stars!!! I think I could come here just for that and eat 1 order...maybe even 2 orders just by myself! I don't know if we didn't pick the best dishes, but the entrees we got were just good, not great. I will say I did get a chance to try the coconut rice and that was delicious with all the dishes!Wait time - Sucks. Seems like this place is always bumping. They've built other restaurants but this original one still seems to have a ridiculous wait time. You can call a little ahead to put your name on a wait list. But don't be surprised if you have to continue waiting when you get there. What's nice is there are a few other surrounding places you can go to on that corner to pass the time. I think one time my friend ran across the street to get a coffee.
Driving in to San Francisco from Stockton around 2:30, my friends and I were starving. It was always planned that we would go to Burma for lunch. However, starved, stuck in traffic, and knowing that the kitchen closed at 3:15, I was agitated at the slow speed I could make my car go.We finally got to Clement Street at 3:15pm and my friend jumped out of the car to grab a table and make sure they would still feed us. I parked the car, paid the meter, and ran over the Burma.To my surprise, the waitress was still very pleasant and nice, even though they were getting ready to close the kitchen. We ordered the pork curry, chicken curry noodles, and spicy basil chicken. The pork curry came out first, and it tasted delicious. But then our other dishes came out and I realized that the pork curry was just okay and that I was just really hungry. The curry was very different from traditional, creamy curry. The basil chicken was spicy, flavorful, and a bit too salty. The flavors were all very good though. The chicken curry noodles were heaven. Noodles were chewy and perfect, curry was creamy and tasty. The dish was complete with hand-squeezed lemon, deep fried noodles, and a hard-boiled egg. I was elated upon first bite of the dish.I must come back and try more!
This is my favorite place in the entire city, but particularly in the Inner Richmond. I highly recommend the Tea Leaf salad, anything curry, anything noodles...literally I don't think you can order something here that isn't wonderful. The only drawback is the wait, so if you're coming for dinner, CALL AHEAD. Also, if you're facing a wait, Green Apple Books, which is down the street on Clement, is an excellent little bookstore perfect for killing time and really fun.
love it. perfect blend of Thai and Indian flavors...
Not sure what all the hype was with this place. We rarely wait for restaurants and we waited 1.5 hour for this place even though we came at 515pm, and that's just right after they open for dinner. Sure their tea leaf salad is different and good, but we won't be coming back and wait through 1.5 hr for tea leaf salad. Coconut rice is just super creamy, easily done at home by just pouring in a can of coconut cream instead of your water and sprinkle some fried onions. Btw, we were seated much later than other couples who came after us. Not sure what kind of seating system they have, but it sucked.
Splendid !!!
This is for sure one of my go to spots in the city! The Tea Leaf Salad is one of the best I've had and the service is always great. Prices are a little high and lines can be long, but the food is totally worth it!
Was really good!!
Good, but not as buzzworthy as your hipster friends would have you beleive.
Burmese tea leaf salad is good. My favorite part was actually the fried garlic. The fermented tea leaves from Burma are a nice touch, but not earth shattering. The Burmese lamb curry had a pretty strong lamb flavor, but I would've preferred it with a bit more spice and maybe a little more tender. The service here is quick and attentive and the ambience is decent, but if you have to wait, I think there are other great options in the neighborhood.
Awesome. I didn't really know what Burmese food was prior to Superstar but after I'm a fan! The samosas and rainbow salad are awesome, a lot of people like the tea leaf salad but personally it's not my thing. Beware they don't take reservations and on a busy night it can be a long wait.
This place is well known for their Burmese food and the long wait time to get a table. They don't take reservations, which is not too good. Our party of 6 waited for 90 minutes for a table, just to find out we sat in a big table with 2 other parties. The food was excellent, which was as expected. I'll come here again, when there's not that long a line.
Let me start by saying, the only reason I deducted one star was because of the incredibly long wait (2.5 hours after putting our names in...).Once we were seated, the delicious foods kept coming and we left with full bellies and happy hearts.I HIGHLY recommend:- Tea Leaf salad... WOW!!!- Chicken and Shrimp casserole... YUMMY!!- Fried Tofu...everyone liked it except for me, but I am not a tofu fan.I wish we'd purchased the mango mojito drink, as many people love that drink. We instead got 6 pints of white sangria... which was a bit of a disappointment. I will not be ordering that again.Overall, it was a fun dinner. The staff were fun and knowledgeable and engaged us about Burmese- specific details of the dishes. I enjoyed it!
I love this place! Best Burmese food in the States I would say. Most or all of the dishes are great. They have a lamp dish which is excellent, and I don't eat too much red meat but for this place it's great. The flaky bread with dip is amazing as well. One of my best experiences when I went with a friend and the power went out. We had dinner with only candles and hung with the hostess. Reminded me of my India days when I grew up there and the power went out occasionally. Food has been great that time and each time I've been there. Typically there's a long wait. The staff are great and it's well worth the wait to get in. Highly recommended. If there's a wait, put your name down and go across to a very cool cafe.
Love this place! It was my first visit and after all I'd heard about it, it did not disappoint. Started with the Tea Leaf Salad - it was amazing, different from anything I'd tasted before. In the menu, it says that this salad was featured on The Food Network and after eating it, I can see why. For my main dish, I had Chicken with Fresh Basil. It was super flavorful and the chicken was perfectly cooked. I love that they only use sustainable raised meat here, it truly makes a difference in the flavor of the meat. There is always a line out the door at the Oakland location (the one I ate at) but the food is well worth the wait!
Their tea leaf salad and Oh Noh Noodles (think I might be butchering the noodle name) are spectacular, but most of the other things I"ve had on the menu are just meh. Tip: you can call in a couple hour beforehand to put your name on their list and they will call you when you're up so you don't have to go there to wait in line or even write your name down.
Food here is great tasting and authentic; the only downside is the very long wait time, so you have to get there early to sign up on their list. Also the service slows down during busy hours.My recommendations: Tea leaf salad, Lamb Burmese style curry and coconut rice.
what can I say that the other 2.5k ish people haven't already?Tea leaf salad - great, really dig the different textures and they toss it at your table with more than a little showmanship which I'm totally for.Crazy samosa soup - AMAZING. I was really impressed with this dish and have never had anything like it. The fried samosa in soup should be a staple of every meal.Veggie Tossed Noodles - cold noodles tossed in a great mix of fried garlic, radish, and others. The way the textures and flavors compliment each other is really incredible and I don't say that often.Beef Curry - sort of disappointed after how good everything else was. Was sort of mild though I will say that the lentils mixed in was a cool touch. Still compared to the 3 dishes above there was nothing remarkable about it.Pro Tip - get there at 11:30 for lunch. No lines, quick service. The food is good but I can't say I'd wait an hour and a half for it. Luckily if I can get there at 11:30 I won't have to.
Delicious food, good service, a little cramped though. Advise getting here as early as possible, say 5:30 at the latest but that's even pushing it. I came here at 5:30 on a Wednesday and it was full! Ordered the Sambusa soup which was very filling and scrumptious! The sambusa balls were still crispy while the vegetables were tasty and fresh. Very well spiced and not too hot. Have to go back and try other dishes!
Like their food alot, and the service is attentive and friendly. Their flavors are not overpowering and well put together. We ordered dishes a tomato based curry dish, garlic noodles, coconut curry noodles, the porkbelly basil, coconut rice, and tea leave salad. The best Burmese food in SF!
This is the all-star fall back for a "different" type of meal that impresses nearly everyone. It's delicious, nutritious, flavorful, memorable, the list goes on...The waits aren't that bad since you can go across the street for a drink, and they'll call you. The staff is good and efficient. The physical plant is over-crowded where you're vying for elbow room with the person next to you (who, by the way, is not part of your party). And you feel guilty and inconsiderate if you enjoy yourself at your table and don't leave the minute you've sipped the last drop of your ice tea (because there is such a long line of mouth-breathing cheap date troglodytes panting outside the curtain). But there aren't many places where you can take just about anyone, and they say, "Wow!"
Passing by this place everyday, with almost a dozen people waiting in front drinking warm tea, of course I wanted to wait in the cold like them! it's ridiculous how small of a place it is with so many customers waiting. it's been raved about by locals of San Fran and since I haven't been back in 5 years, people are appalled hearing that I've never tried this or that place.On to the experience! We got there around 730 (crazy time to go on a weekend, or any day as a matter of fact!) and they said about an hour and a half wait. -__- this or..pizza down the street...this place of course! *wait wait wait* an hour goes by and they call our name! still a ridiculous wait though..as we rush in, we enter a very tight space, tables with barely enough room to squeeze through, and neighboring customers so close that you can't get romantic with your partner without someone hearing and chiming in. The decor directs your attention to each wall being its own randomness. On my side was a Burmese painting using thick amounts in each brush stroke. They sell merchandise that they display on their walls (one being a screenprint elephant which I must grab when they release it!) Anyway, let's move on to the dining experience.To start off, the Tea Leaf Salad was prepared and tossed by the server, mixing in flavors of ginger, garlic, peanuts, dried shrimp, and we had the coconut curry dip that came with the Platha dish. Very unusual, bitter, and intensely sweet flavor, that I don't think I'll ever get used to. Next, were the Eggplant in Garlic Sauce and Citrus Chicken in Peanut Sauce. Both also intense spices and seasoning without the overbearing sense of your mouth being on fire. Putting it together with the coconut rice, I've never had so many flavors in one meal before. And I was quite pleased. The hype for this place may be over exaggerated but I think it was worth the wait to try it out at least once, twice, maybe many more times! The portions may seem small, but because they served it in a timely manner, you let the food set in from beginning to end. And we still have enough to take home as leftovers. We accompanied our meal with a pitcher of..a very refreshing beer...(forgot the name) but its the first one of the drink menu.Overall, the food was great, my company was great, and it was as romantic as crowded places can get. The place just needs to expand a little and I would be glad to wait outside for another 2 hours!Will visit soon!
Love. Love. Love. I even bought the t-shirt! (Literally)My favorite meal of all of our many meals in San Francisco. And for such a foodie city, that says a lot.Yes, there is a long wait, but damn, it's well worth it. Start with the Tea Leaf Salad and you won't regret it. I know it's mentioned a lot on Yelp and I know exactly why. It's not your average everyday salad. I can't recommend it enough. The boyfriend chose a soup. I can't recall the name, but it had falafel in it. While I did not love it, I will not lower the rating over it b/c I am neither a soup or a falafel lover. I chose the Mint Chicken with coconut rice. No joke, when I think of Burma Superstar randomly here and there, I think of the Mint Chicken and the coconut rice and start to drool. Especially the coconut rice. Best thing of the night.Servers were all really nice and friendly and I love my t-shirt.
The coconut rice is a must try, Tea leaf salad may be a bit overhyped and the curry dishes are amazing!
The food is amazing! There is a LONG wait, we waited about an hour to be seated and had gotten there maybe 20 mins before it opens. I suggest you got promptly at 5 to avoid long waits. I'm leaving out 1 start because they wouldn't let us order more food once we received it because 2 people out of our party of 6 came late. Bullshit.
Amazing restaurant around the corner of my house. Wish there was a bit more room here but can't complain because the food is outstanding and authentic. The menu lets you know which dishes are Burmese and they are keen on vegetarian knowledge as far as the dishes go. Waiter kindly recommended pork and potato curry and accommodated my request for the sauce to be made extra spicy. Not only did the spice fit what I hoped for, but there was a generous amount provided with the dish. Jasmine rise balanced the flavor perfectly.One of my favorite Burmese restaurants in the Inner Richmond, but still doesn't compare to Mandalay: the original, favorite Burmese restaurant of San Francisco.
Arrived just in time before the super-long lines.I enjoyed the dinner and service. My favourite was the green tea leaf salad that is always a must for the appetizer.
Best burmese food hands down! Every time someone visits me in the city this is the first place I take them or recommend to them!
It's always good here! You will not be disappointed.Get the tea leaf salad and the Samusa soup, coconut rice is a must too!!
Tea Leaf Salad is the best. That's all I want!
Food: 5(Favs: Tea leaf salad, Burmese chicken casserole with cardamom cinnamon Rice)Service: 4 (Friendly and helpful)Decor and atmosphere: 4 Noise level: 3 It's probably the best Burmese restaurant in the area, so huge lines always form at the door, no matter what meal it is. Come either early or at the tail end of their opening hours.
I took a weekend trip to SF with my buddies and promised myself that I would eat only the best dishes in town. Burma Superstar definitely made it to the top of my list. Here is our story: We arrived at the restaurant and were put on a two hour waiting list (which was fine because we could leave and comeback at anytime, they would call if our table was almost ready). We pushed the 2 hour limit and got a call saying that if we weren't ready to be seated, then we wouldn't be able to eat there since the restaurant was about to close (we were still in our hotel room). However, after 10 minutes on the phone, we convinced them to let us dine since we were all the way from Texas. This was already a miracle from god.We had a unique experience in that our waiter, Kenneth, told us that we could come but that he would order all of our dishes for us since the kitchen was closing down. This was truly a surprise dining experience since we had no idea what we were going to get. They started off with the Tea Leaf Salad (absolutely delicious) and coupled that with the samosa soup (very unique but good). They proceeded with the chili lamb, spicy chicken, chicken noodles, and many other things that I can't even remember since they brought out so much. Either way it was all truly delicious and I would give these guys 5 + stars for customer service. Letting us in and allowing us to enjoy this experience when they weren't really obligated to did it for me and it shows how they really care about their customers. We had a great waiter in Kenneth and we were appreciative of his recommendations for things to do in the city. This is a place that you have to visit if you are in San Francisco. Until next time Burma Superstar!
Samosa soup. Tea leaf salad. Coconut rice. SO FREAKING GOOD. Eat here... now.
My wife and I used to drive all the way out to the Richmond and wait for the OG Burma Superstar, super happy they expanded their dominance to Oakland! Super fun to eat at the restaurant, but also amazing for take away. We always get the Pumpkin Pork, Catfish Curry, Coco-Rice, and the Pea-shoots.
They should call this place Sir Yums-A-Lot
Such a huge fan of this place. Have brought many friends here to enjoy the amazingness that is Burma Star (as I like to call it).Service is always hospitable, warm, and prompt. They bring people in ASAP and have tables neatly set up, waiting for hungry patrons. The waiters ask if you'd like beverages early on, and refill waters frequently, also taking the time to check in and ask about the meal now and again. Have never felt rushed or pressured to order, pay, or leave, which is nice.I've liked everything I've had here. Some more than others, sure, but there hasn't been a single dish that I have not enjoyed. Their Tea Leaf Salad is unusual, unique, and absolutely delicious. The blend of many interesting ingredients somehow works into the creation of an exquisite dish, bursting with different flavors and textures. Same goes for the Rainbow Salad: I could not get enough of it. Tons of amazing, fresh ingredients make up an out-of-the-norm dish.The Nan Gyi Dok is my absolute go-to dish. I crave it now and again; I dunno what's in that coconut curry sauce, but it gets me every time. Many moist chunks of chicken, slices of hardboiled egg, and soft, thick noodles complete a fantastic, tantalizing entree. The Burmese Samusas were nice appetizers and tasted fine, though they did not particularly stand out to me. Vegetarian Samusa Soup was very good as well - medium flavor, not too rich or light, with plenty of samusa to go around. Only issue was that it was served lukewarm, so when we got to it five minutes later, it was already starting to get cold. Still tasted good though. The Moh Hinga, or Catfish Chowder, was totally not what I expected, in the best way possible. So full of hearty flavor, this dish was consumed entirely by me instantly.Other dishes I've enjoyed include Sesame Chicken, Black Bean Chicken Lotus and Asparagus, Burmese Style Lamb Curry, and Pumpkin Pork Stew. Would recommend all of them, especially the last two. And the coconut rice is a must-try; each bite is bursting with delicious coconut, and the rice is soft, almost to the point of melting in your mouth.Burma Super Star will always be on my list of favorite restaurants. If the wait wasn't so terrible (it has exceeded an hour before), it'd be a definite five stars, but it is understandable. Anyone debating checking it out, this place definitely deserves a visit.
Not that I need to say much... it's well known how great the food is here.
First time I swung by, servress recommended Nan Pia Dok, which was noodles with chicken curry, beans and cabbage. While it was good, it was pretty much on par with what you could make with TJ's yellow curry sauce. No depth of flavor at all, and are we putting garlic shreds on everything? And why is everything in little people portions?Second time, whole mess o' dishes, including the tea leaf salad and rainbow salad. Again, tasty, but whelming if not underwhelming. Pork with kabocha curry was again on the meh theme. The one standout item was oxtail, which had a nice anise flavor and the meat/tendons were perfect. Check in on Yelp to get a free Thai iced tea!
[Featured in Best Thing I Ever Ate, Food Network]If you manage to win a fight for a parking spot in Clement Street, I recommend that you make the most of it and find your way to the famed Burma Superstar. For the most part, it's worth the heartache of circling around a few (dozen) times to find a spot. Though that's not the only challenge, as you'll likely be met with a 45 minute to an hour wait during peak hours.So is Burma Superstar really worth all this trouble? I say yes, but not all the time. The food and service are both very good. Most of you have heard of their signature dish, Tea Leaf Salad, marketed as being featured on the Food Network. The Tea Leaf Salad is an unmixed medley of peanuts, sunflower seeds, hot green pepper shards, sesame seeds, fried chickpeas, fried garlic, tomato, lettuce - tossed on your table with fermented tea leaves from Burma. The really friendly servers seem very proud of this dish and I think it's the only dish they happily describe to you as they toss it around. No disappointment there at all.Other dishes were pretty good, though sauce-heavy. While I typically find sauce heavy dishes too rich or overpowering, I didn't really find that to be the case with Burma. I didn't find the fiery tofu to be that fiery, but that's nothing chili on the side cant fix. It was a very good dish. One tip I can offer is to call in ahead of time and add your name to the list. Burma Superstar is the only place I know that allows you to do that. It's a really nice service, as you don't have to wait around outside; all you have to do is leave your name, number, and number of people and they will call you when your table is ready. Of course, you should be there when they call you, otherwise on to the next group.
This review is for take-out.We called in advance and put in our order. We were told it would be ready in 30 minutes and we arrived in 20 with our food ready to go. The service was quick and good. The only complaint I had was the portions with the take-out boxes. They were very small compared with the dine-in experience. I'll make sure to 2 of everything next time I do take out because that's what it felt like.Thankfully the food is delicious as ever!
We waited nearly 2 hours to get a table at this place. Food is decent and the staff is friendly but i wouldn't necesseraly wait or make a psecial effort to eat here again. Maybe it was becuase it was towards closing but most of the food was pretty bland and average. The tea leaf salad was probably my favorite.
I love burma!!! minus the line because you can be waiting for over an hour EASY. I've gone to the one in Oakland too both have a wait, and both are the same regarding goodness! MUST GETS: tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, pumpkin pork, mango shrimp and coconut rice. ALL the drinks are equally as delicious!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. A friend of mine worked on the Food Network episode featuring Burma Superstar and when I told him I was visiting the city he said that I absolutely HAD to come here and try the Samusa soup and Tea Leaf Salad. It was one of the most exquisite meals I've ever had- like nothing I've experienced before or since. I've been back here many times with friends and family and am never disappointed. The staff is friendly and wonderful too :)
For the past two years, whenever I visited San Francisco, I would always try to get dinner here, but would be turned off by the exceedingly long wait times. Well, third time's a charm, and I finally got to try Burma SuperStar earlier this year. I can see why the lines are so long - the food is outstanding, and the prices are actually quite reasonable! Ambiance is nothing to wrote home about - it's super packed in there since the restaurant is so popular, and the high ceilings seem to amplify the ambient noise. The waitstaff is quick and efficient, but don't expect any pleasantries. I didn't particularly mind either; I was here for the food, not for the chitchat. And boy, the food is damn tasty.  The number one dish is probably the famed tea leaf salad, which has so many unusual components in it that make for refreshingly unique taste and texture. Sunflower seeds, tea leaves, and crispy fried garlic slices? So incredibly aromatic, and very...crunchy!  I also go the coconut noodles, which were creamy and sweet, along with the chili lamb, which was fragrant and flavorful. Be sure to get some coconut rice instead of regular rice; it's the bomb. Burma Superstar is practically an institution in SF, so you owe it to yourself to check it out. Only, try going at lunch, when the crowds are thinner and the wait times are nonexistent.
Just came back from lunch here. There was no line but there was a steady stream of customers today. I've always wanted to try this place as I hear such wonderful things about it. I ordered garlic noodles with duck. They gave me an order with pork. It was weird she took it away for a second, giggled something to me and returned it to the table. I was perplexed but I was also hungry so I let it go - if I had to pay more for the duck I would have been pissed. The dish was so-so for me. No stand out flavor - basically it tasted like vinegar and soy with sliced Chinese char siu. Then we got the tea salad. Let me say this, my co-worker is Burmese and she gave me some free homemade Burmese tea salad that she made in her cubicle. That was awesome. So here I am expecting something greater cause I'm paying for it. The serving size was small, it was oily, and the seeds were very hard. In fact, my fianc said that she thought there were little pebbles there. I ordered the Chicken Curry and the Pumpkin Pork. I heard so much about this pork dish on this site. It was okay. Both dishes were mild and not really stand out to me. We had this Thai ice tea - super sweet but lacking on the tea flavor. Let me say this though. There's a short Latino busser that works there. He was way more attentive than the regular wait staff. He deserves props for sure and the extra star! It took long to get the bill and throughout the whole meal my glass of water was left unfilled.   Looking at all those awards, high ratings, and hype I expected a bit more service and food quality. I paid over $50 bucks for lunch for 2 and this is with the lunch specials - not a very good deal at all. Also, the seating was a bit cramped. IMHO Burmese Kitchen on Larkin does this cuisine better.
OH Burma SuperStar, I am so sorry that I have been so impatient with you for the last 6 months, refuse to wait in your line, and make my way over to B Star for immediate seating. But I finally did it. I toughed it out and went for lunch instead of dinner and only waited 25 mins instead of the usual 45+ mins.I could live the rest of my life eating your Tea Leaf Salad and Samosa Soup~ forever and ever and ever. I LOVE those 2 dishes with every inch of my food loving heart.In addition, great Chicken Curry and Mongolian Beef this time for lunch.And although B Star makes them too (and still yummy), they just dont taste quite the same. So they certainly suffice on days when I am just too hungry to wait for you.I do wish you took reservations... sigh.
Sooooo good. Totally worth every moment we waited.
If you are in between selecting Indian food, thai food, and some nepali joint - you may, perhaps, want to steer your way to Burma Superstar. The restaurants dishes are impeccable in taste - and presentation is not too bad. The food left me wanting more - so I definitely will come back for more.The only caveat to the visit was the fact that it's a very popular destination - translation: you'll always have a 30-40 minute wait. On a cold night in the city, that can be a bit annoying. Free tea and good company can make the waiting experience more bearable.Hope you have fun.
The Chili Lamb is dank
I agree with Paul, whats the double queue all about?? Except the granola bit come on it is DEELICIOUS!!
White Sangria was great. The food was good, nothing I would go out of my way for but good quality and friendly wait staff.
Came for an early dinner (~5:45pm) and got seated pretty quickly and beat the ensuing rush.We ordered a mixture of traditional and non-tradtional dishes- rainbow saladthis is usually my fav burmese dish but it was way too citruscy. Definitely not enough mashed potatoes- moh hinga This was too runny, where was the fish?- garlic noodles with duckdefinitely oily, but couldn't tell if it was garlic oil. duck was a nice touch. Definitely the chili wasn't hot enough.- garlic chili shrimpthis was ok. i liked the fried garlic chunks.'this felt like the quality went down over the years. Definitely a lot runnier and less "hearty" as I expected
Get the chili lamb. SPICY GOOD. Place is busy. Even on a off night we ended up waiting 45 minutes.
This is the wrong place to go if you are looking for a nice sit-down meal...My party of four arrived at 5:15pm and were told it was a 30-40 minute wait. We weren't seated until after 6:30pm, and we witnessed several other parties getting bumped ahead of us. We were a young crowd and I definitely think there was discrimination occurring. We were very polite even after the bizarre and enduring anticipation of delicious Burmese food.Our meal had lasted a mere 45 minutes when I felt eyes upon me. My party and I were being watched and talked about by the staff. What makes this so strange is that we had already endured mistreatment and had responded with kindness. We were not a rowdy bunch, nor were we strangely dressed. Two of four of us were friends from out of town, and we were merely catching up when we were asked to leave by the hostess. This is the most insulting thing that has ever happened to me dining out in San Francisco in the 6 years I have been patronizing the Richmond District. I am a very polite and respectful patron of all establishments, and you can see this in the other reviews I have created on Yelp. Please be advised, that is the a very rude establishment. The food is decent, however, but certainly not worth the wait, and especially not worth the eeriness in the air.
I like Rangoon Ruby better. But then again, I'm not an expert in Burmese food.
Always solid! You'll need patience to get a seat. There's usually a wait, but it doesn't get too bad. Just have company that you like ;)
Nommers!! The tea leaf salad is AWESOME!! So is the coconut curry chicken noodle soup (creamy comforting goodness!!). And the waitstaff is wonderful and attentive.
tea leaf salad is my JAM.as our waiter said when he was mixing it up for us last time, it tastes a lot better than it looks. the man speaks truth. everything is good, but i could eat that salad all day long.
Burma food can be described as a mix of Thai, Indian and Chinese. Because of their location to these countries, Burma cuisine is not only influenced thru the ingredients but also the cooking techniques. There was a long line when we arrived and we were told that it would be 30 minute wait, but it was closer to 45 minutes plus. But at least they have an outside heat lamp for people who have to wait outside in the bitter 50 degree weather..So I've never actually tried Burmese food but I found it quite interesting. you definitely taste the different influences. We started with their famous Tea Leaf Salad that was featured on the Food Network. It had all sorts of stuff in it from fried garlic, peanuts, sesame seeds, pickled tea leaves.. a lot of textures and a few different flavors. I can't say it was amazing, it was just "interesting."The chicken samusas (similar to Indian samosas) was pretty good, not much chicken, mostly potatoes, but the red sauce that is provided kind of tasted like vinegar with curry, so make sure you use the sauce or else you're just eating a fried piece filled with potatoes.Other notable dishes:pumpkin pork stew - pork was tender, pumpkin pieces were like potatoes, in a mild pumpkin stew - well donelamb curry - tasted similiar to Indian Rogan Josh, not creamy however, the lamb was kind of chewycoconut rice - rice cooked in coconut milk/juice, it went well with all our food.There were lots of interesting flavors and dishes, but honestly nothing so amazing. Maybe I'll try the rainbow salad that everyone is talking about. The service was excellent overall but the wait time was kind of a drag.
I liked this place. Perhaps the 3 stars comes form the sense of anticipation I had given all the raving fans of the place. A very good spot.
Burma superstar is such a hit. They leave you waiting in the cold for about an hour and a half, sipping on their complementary tea while you anxiously wait for your name to be called. But I swear to you, the wait is so rewarding. -blah, blah, blah.. Tea salad($10). YES, try it once and if you're not hooked, never look back.-Braised pork belly($15). So sinfully good. It's probably the most tender braised pork i've had. Must have.-Coconut rice($2). enough for two people and has an hint of toasted coconut. -Garlic noodles w/duck($9). Would skip and not what I expected it to be. The garlic flavor was overpowering and the duck was dry. If you're thinking peking duck, think not.
I do really like the tea leaf salad, and the lamb curry, and the noodles, and the coconut rice. I really dislike the long wait. Don't go here on an awkward first date with a man who thinks someone as hungry as Poppy is going to be happy waiting a long time to eat. Go with someone fun that will drink tea with you or go to the bookstore and browse, or if its a really really long wait go to Troya and have appetizers and wine first. plus side, pretty big portions which made for an enormous amount of leftovers
Try the coconut rice
Why are you still reading reviews? Just go! ;D The tea leaf salad and the samusa soup are always great choices. If you don't want to eat there because of the line or the cramped space, then both the Presidio and Golden Gate Park are a short bus ride away.
Service was fantastic, as was the food. Tea Leaf Salad wasn't my favorite thing in the world, but it was unique and am glad I tried it. We got a 1/2 carafe of wine for $14, which was a great deal, as well as a tofu lentil vegetable curry main dish with coconut rice. I really liked the okra in the vegetable dish, and want to try the okra egg dish next time. There definitely will be a next time, as there as so many things on the menu that looked delicious and I want to try!
Wow! The line at this place is crazy. Although, you can call in earlier to put your name in the line as well as ask how long the wait is. I strongly suggest doing that while you are getting to the restaurant.This restaurant has been featured at so many places it's hard to not have ridiculous expectations of it. However, the menu has a lot of interesting Burmese items, more so than at other Burmese places. By that I mean, they have more items than just Burmese style curries and stir-fries.We shared a tea leaf salad and a samusa soup as appetizers. The samusa soup was good and savory, but I wouldn't rave about it like Food Network did. I think I just prefer my samusas/samosas freshly fried. The tea leaf salad had lettuce in it and it made for an interesting crunchy appetizer.We also ordered 3 main dishes -- the chicken curry noodles (Nan Gyi Dok), the pork and potatoes curry, and a shrimp dish. The shrimp dish was forgettable. However, the chicken curry noodles were very good, with chewy al dente noodles and a great sauce. The pork and potatoes in curry was also very well done, with the pork stewed to a melty goodness.As for something sweet afterwards, we shared some sweet spring rolls with coconut ice cream. The coconut ice cream was great.Overall it was a pleasant meal. At the end of the meal it seemed like they were rushing to get us out of there, even though we waited 1.5 hours for the table. I'd suggest they relocate to a bigger space, or have a reservation system in place, so diners can have a more pleasant service experience.
Burma Superstar is one of the better Burmese restaurants at which I've eaten. One of the hallmarks of Burmese cuisine are the salads and you have a choice of nine of them here. We opted to order the Tea Leaf Salad and the Rainbow Salad, two of our favorites. My friend has been here to eat many times and says he would come here just to have the salads. We liked both salads equally. The Rainbow is made with 22 different ingredients. We also ordered the tasty Pumpkin Pork Stew and the Nan Pia Dok or Coconut Chicken Curry Flat Flour Noodles which was my favorite of the two entrees. We also had some Tan Poi or Basmati rice with cardamom, cinnamon and raisons which was quite good. Even though some will compare Burmese food to Indian, Chinese or Thai, it is really a cuisine of its own and has regional variations. The restaurant can be very busy so there is a sign in sheet in the entrance where you can put your name down and then wait. Parking in the area can also be difficult. But the lines and parking do not seem to deter many people from coming to this very popular restaurant.
Crowded, cramped, noisy, long lines, overrated, greasy, cheap.Besides the good customer service, I'm unimpressed by the food quality and annoyed by the incessant foot traffic and noise. I recommend walking 1 block north to Mandalay, where you get the same greasy food, good service, and more space. I'm taking 1 star off for the grease, and 2 stars off for the long lines, cramped space, and noise. If you would like to eat on Clement Street btw Arguello and 12th Avenues, try Le Soleil, Chapeau, Troya, Yummy Yummy, Cafe Bun Mi or any dim sum places. Burma Superstar is never worth the wait. One should never wait for restaurant food in San Francisco. There are simply too many available options.
I was disappointed:The soup was too saltyThe two famous salads were greatThe main entrees were okayThe fish smelled a bit like medicine, which is typically a sign that it's not fresh?
I loovvee Burmese food! The place is good, just super hyped so I think a lot of people get disappointed because they are expecting something out of this world. Ignore the hype, and think of it as a good place to introduce someone to Malaysian cuisine. Burma Superstar is much better than most of the NYC spots. Very vegetarian friendly too. Everything I've had here has been great. If you like spice, make sure to order spicy. I order everything spicy even if it isn't normally spicy. Sometimes the wait is ridiculous! In that case head over to Mandalay which also has some great Burmese dishes and much less wait. Best bet is to go in off hours :)
Tea Leaf Salad is the BEST! Everyone that works there is lovely. Have a pint across the street while you wait for your table. They'll call you when it's ready ;)
Is there an opening at this restaurant? Because I'd leave my job just to get my hands on tea leaf salad and samusa soup on a daily basis. Wow. You can't go wrong with these two dishes and you won't get tired of them.Every time I go, we get the tea leaf salad and samusa soup as an appetizer for the whole table, and I kid you not, I consider ordering another round just for my dinner. Is that crazy? Maybe a little. But if you've tasted them, you know how I feel ... I just don't want to stop eating.Other great dishes:Chicken Tofu Kebat - very tasty and the hint of mint really adds freshness and complements the spiceFiery Vegetables & Tofu - excellent dish that almost rivals our appetizersWok Tossed Broccoli - why get broccoli at a Burmese place? because it's simple and awesomeOne final note: it can be quite busy any night, but if you call ahead, they'll put your name down on a list and will have a table ready for you in 30 min to 1 hour.
The line was out the door, so we had high hopes. Food was nothing special once we finally were seated. We shared some veggie dishes that were blah. I won't return. There is better Myanmar food in SF.
(+0.5) we ordered a ton of dishes and every single one of them was delicious. Interesting flavor and interesting ingredients. Definitely the place to be if you are feeling exotic.
Pretty good Burmese food. A little commercialized and seems to be very trendy and popular now. It's not the best Burmese food ever, but the line out the door would make you think so. Not sure what all the fuss is about if you had great Burmese food, but I guess it's the only one in the area and it's good. It's a nice atmosphere and it's in the middle of the fun Clement St. Overall, I'd say it's pretty good.
great stuff
OMG!!! i don't know how we did it but right when we got there, they were able to seat us! No long wait! woohoo!!!Our servers were really knowledgeable about the food and it made for a great experience.This was my first time experiencing Burmese food and wow, I was soo impressed! Every dish was beautifully presented with textures and flavors that I can only describe as complex and delish!!!We ordered the Tea leaf salad and nan pia dok (coconut chicken curry flat noodles)which are mixed table side, along with vegetarian samusa soup, pork curry with potatoes and coconut rice. We got worried that the two curry dishes would end up being monotonous after the first one came out, but the dishes had completely different flavors! I need to come back here with more people because I'd order all the same dishes and then some just to be able to try more things!Left feeling satisfied but not nasty full! sign of good food!Burma Superstar can you please open a restaurant in LA?
Yum! Lived up to the hype. Tea leaf salad and samusa soup!
Always great food. And this time, no line! WOW!
Spur of the moment visit and lucky for my boyfriend and I, there was no wait at all. First time here and we had been hearing a lot of great reviews from others. We ordered Burmese curry fried rice, the broccoli, pumpkin pork stew, and Burmese curry beef. And when I checked into this place, I saw a lot of recommendations on the tea leaf salad and it got me really curious so we added that to our menu at the very last second. Funny enough, it came out first and I must say, it was a good salad. It had sliced garlic, tomato, etc and Burmese mint tea? There's just something about the flavor of that tea leaf that got me hooked. And the fact that they have garlic in their salad just blew me off the taste buds. I'm actually craving for some of this salad as I type.The other stuff wasn't bad, but I feel like I can have better somewhere else. Their curry was a bit salty for me. I had better pumkin dish elsewhere. The rice was decent and the broccoli tasted good but u could have easily gotten the same thing from some Chinese restaurants.Overall, I wouldn't wait for more than 30 minutes to dine in this place. But I will definitely get a tea leaf salad to go any time any day.
The only other time I've had Burmese food was in the Bay some years ago. Back then, the plan was to go to Burma Superstar in the Inner Richmond area, but when we got there we learned it was closed for renovations. Thankfully, though, their sister restaurant - B Star Bar - was open for business. The place was just as busy as I was told Burma Superstar gets, but luckily we were seated quickly. It was then and there when I was introduced to the Tea Leaf Salad. I had been craving it ever since. Though I had intentions to go back during my subsequent visits to the Bay, my plans always seemed to fall through... until last week.(Flashback: Actually, I did have Burmese food prior to B Star Bar... and it was at Burma in DC's Chinatown. But back then I had no idea what to order, so I probably ended up getting some random curry or a dish that had some semblance of Chinese food. Stir fry, or orange something... Bah.)So during my 10-day visit with fam in the Bay, I had made plans for dinner with my sister in Oakland. They have since opened a Burma Superstar there, and I was destined to be reunited with that Tea Leaf Salad. We made the trip from Vallejo, met my sister there, then learned that there was about an hour wait. But we had kids with us, so we didn't want to make them wait too long to be fed. We had to change plans, and quick.The next day I headed into the city to meet a friend for coffee. After saying our good-byes, I hopped on a Muni bus (umm, I never take the bus) and made my way from Fisherman's Wharf to the Inner Richmond. Yes, I was destined to make this happen no matter what.I got there a little later than I had intended, but was lucky enough to score a table. Sure enough, and unsurprisingly, the place was buzzing. And since it was lunch, I only had one thing on my mind: Tea Leaf Salad. When the guy took my drink order, I quickly muttered some words as he scribbled the name of my drink on his pad. And just as he was ready to walk away, I blurted out that I was ready to place my order: "Just the Tea Leaf Salad, and - uh - an order of the samusas." (I threw in the samusas for good measure.)Soon enough, the salad made it's way over as did the samusas. The server asked, "Have you ever had Burmese Tea Leaf Salad?" Other servers were subsequently asking other tables the same question, and then going on to explain before taking the next step. I proudly said, "Yes, I have..." which was code for "Speed it up 'cause I'm hawngry!" The server nodded his head and smiled, and quickly went on to mix the salad together. I was super excited because the other customers were still listening to the explanation by their servers, but I was on my way to being satiated with the most amazing salad ever.And amazing it was.I can't even explain the flavors, but there are so many that go into the Tea Leaf Salad that it's mind-blowing. You've got the tea leaves, which seem to be infused with something --just not exactly sure what it is. Then you have the fried garlic pieces and the peanuts. Mix it up with some lettuce, and you've got a subtle mix of freshness and strong hints of flavors just taking over your mouth. I took bites of the samusas every now and then; those were good, too... not too heavy like Indian samosas, but lighter like Southeast Asian spring rolls. And my drink, the Burmese Cooler, was almost neglected as I focused my attention on the TLS.I almost fell asleep on the long bus ride back to Powell and O'Farrell. But when I got there, I had the memories of Burma Superstar to make the long-a$$ haul on BART to Concord seem like minutes.Burma Superstar, I applaud you. Bravo, B.Sup. Bravo!
Love this place! Great food, great service but no reservations. Go before 5:30 if you want a seat!
After eating here twice, I honestly feel that Burma SuperStar is a bit overhyped. The food is good but it's not so good that I would recommend it to friends. The wait here can be really long if you don't get lucky. At 4:50pm on a Saturday, 10min before opening, there were already 20 people waiting outside. We waited 75min to get in. They do not seat partial parties. On the plus side, the staff will call your cell phone when your table is ready, so you can wander around the neighborhood.The portions of the dishes are a bit small, which makes them hard to share. If you have 6 people or more, you probably need to order a double portion for everyone to get more than two bites of a dish. The salads are especially small for sharing.All of the dishes were fine, but I haven't had anything I would rave about. The rainbow salad, platha and dip, and eggplant curry are my favorites out of the dishes I've tried here. I like the coconut rice too.If you have an average appetite, 1.5-2 dishes/person is probably about right. Both times I've eaten here, the meal came out to $20 per person.
Loved it! had such a great time. We went late night and no one was there for once.
This place is AWESOME!I've never had Burmese food before and it was a nice treat. My favorite dishes were Tea Leaf Salad, Braised Pork Belly, and Coconut Rice! Everything tasted so good. The sauces had so much flavor. Service was friendly and attentive. The bus person must have filled my water like 10 times LOL.We came here on a Sunday and was worried that we'd have to wait for a long time but that wasn't the case. We were seated no longer than 15 minutes. Cannot wait to come back here again!
Oh, how we need one of these in my city (Chicago)! There were only two of us at dinner so the number of dishes we ordered were limited by the stomach capacity of two, with no refrigerator to store leftovers. We considered the possibility of emptying the hotel minibar to use as a fridge, but then again we had no microwave. Maybe we should've ingratiated ourselves to the next table and attempted to swap dish samples... hmm, thought for next time. Either that or come back with a family, anybody's, so we can taste more things!
Here's what we ordered listed according to my favorite first:Tea leaf salad: amazing. Coconut rice: complemented every dishPork bellyMango beefSesame chickenCurry coconut Burmese noodles
Awesome food. had heard about this place from various folks and finally decided to try it out. The tea leaf salad is a must have..
Love the tea leaf salad. No salad can compare! Had the spicy lamb too , it was good but I only return for the salad.
This place is amazing. Great food and service. Only downside is the wait, but you can go to their sister location, B Star, which has all the same signature dishes and most of the others as well. 5 stars for this reason. Tea Leaf Salad is to die for.
This is one of my all-time favorite spots. I've been eating at Burma superstar for about three years. Please try the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, sesame beef and the pumpkins stew. Of course coconut rice is a must. I also really like the tofu tower and the pea-leaf greens. To tell you the truth everything I've eaten from the menu is really yummy. I enjoy the one on telegraph Avenue in Oakland the most.
a MUST to try...tea leaf salad.Always crowded but worth the wait. parking sucks.
Really great food in a casual, stylish setting. The salads are special and you must try them. Service is slow, not that great, and it takes forever to get a table on busy weekdays at lunch time. They charge extra for rice from what I remember.
Last evening I attended "Wine, Women & Paint" at Dive Into Color in Napa, California and had a blast! Met some wonderful women, had a glass of yummy Napa wine and cheese and, best of all, learned to paint a beautiful ceramic platter as a gift for my family. Amy Elliott's studio is a creative space and her instruction is patient, fun and helpful. diveintocolor.com
This place is amazing - great food and very friendly service! Tea leaf salad and Burma curry lamb were delicious. Now I know what the long wait to get in is all about. Totally worth the wait!
SO SO SO SOOOO good. the tea leaf salad and rainbow salad are A MUST! We ordered a second round of salad because it was SO good. There is a long wait.. I think we waited about an hour and half? but I'd say the food and the service was worth it!!
As a fan of anything noodles, i would recommend the fish chowder noodle soup. It's a traditional breakfast dish in Burma, but i love it for lunch/dinner. It's slight spicy and perfect for cold day! The staff is friendly here. It gets crowded during lunch and dinner time. Someday, i would like to try other dishes, but so far i'm perfectly happy with enjoying the chowder noodle soup.
Yummmmmmyyyyy... do i need to say more?... I will!We went on a tuesday night around 7pm without reservation and had to wait only 15-20 mins, very friendly hostess, she even called my cell when our table was ready.The place is small, but cozy. I felt like i was eating with 5 people instead of my one friend because the tables were so close together... but i enjoyed our conversation with the couple sitting next to us and their recommendations were appreciated.The tea leaf salad is a must have, as is the mango salad. My friend enjoyed his spicy lamb and i ordered the shan noodles with tofu; can't say it was delicious because i wasn't very hungry after the salads and ate 2 bites.I can't wait to go back again and try more of their yummy food :-)
Vegetarian Samusa Soup(Featured on Food Network and Bay Area Backroads!) Even though it's vegetarian, it's still their most popular soup. It's so good, you wont be disappointed. Rainbow Salad(Featured on Food Network)22 different ingredients. Four types of noodles. Enough said.Chili LambSuper Spicy and Satisfying. The best Chile Lamb out there.Burma Superstar excels in all that it does. Enjoy!
Can't believe that I have never reviewed this place. Its one of my favorite restaurants in the world. Crowded and a bit of a wait at times but when I get to SF, Burma Superstar is usually my first stop. As has been mentioned, Burma is located between China and India so its food incorporates theses flavors into some of their own. The result is unique and delicious. Starting with the Tea Salad and going through the garlic noodles with duck (there are other options as well), to the veggie samusa soup and all the way thru to the fried banana with coconut ice cream, this place is heaven. Do yourself a huge favor and make the short cab ride out to Inner Richmond. Trust it from a guy who travels all over the world, you will be so happy that you did.
First time trying Burmese food and fell in love. The food taste like part Thai, Indian, and Taiwanese. Very complex flavors and yet well harmonized. Tea Leaf Salad, Vegetarian Samusa Soup, and Coconut rice were our favorites.
This place is amazingly delicious. Everything on the menu is solid, you can't go wrong.Recommend: - their specialties salads, Tea Leaf and Rainbow.- Garlic noodles (simple, but tasty)- Fiery tofuVegetarians will love it, there's lots of veg options, and other dishes can be made vegetarian.This place is popular, so you won't be able to just walk in and grab a table. I highly recommend calling ahead and putting your name down, by the time you get there, find parking, etc. you'll be close to your table being up.If you have time, you can show up, put your name and cell number down, and wander around and they'll call you when your table is ready. Service is fantastic!
Personally, Clement street is one of my favorites in the city due to its never ending dim sum shops, but Burma Superstar is my favorite asian restaurant by far.If you are looking for typical South East fair, then I suggest going elsewhere because this is no ordinary cuisine.First off, if you do not order the samusa soup you're nuts. The flavor is far too bold to describe and if you like spicy, then nothing else compares. The fermented tea leaf salad is my absolute favorite. I have never tried fermented tea leaves before and was skeptical, but it adds a freshness to the romaine lettuce, cashews, and very light dressing.If you ever find yourself in Inner Richmond and don't visit this restaurant you have made a sore mistake, my friend.
The Tea Leaf salad is as good as advertised, but the rest of their menu is good not great. The line and unbelievably long waits also don't help. If you're diligent (and call ahead to add your name to the wait list), you'll cut your time in half and get in quickly, but that might be the only way this place is worth it.
This is the best food I've had in my life, hands down. I wish I could give this place 6 stars. or 10. or 100.Seriously. If you're ever within 100 miles of this place, go there repeatedly.
i don't understand what the hype is all about. burma superstar was good but it isn't 4 stars good. check this out: i had some friends from the uk visiting and we decided to give burmese food a try for lunch since none of us had burmese before. for starters, the line was painfully long- we waited an hour to get a table. it doesn't help that the restaurant was a bit on the smaller side. and the service? well, it was alright- it was hard flagging down a waiter/waitress but that's probably because the restaurant was full the whole time we were there. on the other hand, the food was pretty yummy- it was a great introduction to burmese cuisine. since burma superstar, i have had the opportunity to stuff my face with mandalay and little yangon's food as well- the verdict is that they were all good solid 3 star burmese restaurants. so if the line gets too unbearable, just head down the street to mandalay or if you want something cheaper but still good and you also happen to have a car, head over to daly city's little yangon.
Don't get the hype of this place. Good is ok. Pretty greasy or oily. Will not be returning.
I don't know why I went back when my first visit was very unremarkable. The tea leaf salad before getting mixed is nice to look at buy afterwards looks like romaine lettuce covered in goop. The taste is nothing to write home about. I really liked the coconut rice but that's about it. Overrated. Either that or I don't really like Burmese food. In any case, was not a fan.
I've never had Burmese food, so I was pretty excited to check this place out. Be warned that it can be quite a wait-- 3 people on a Saturday night took an hour and fifteen minutes. I'm sure everyone gets their famous tea salad here-- I thought it was unique interesting and very delicious. I love that they explain the ingredients and then mix it table-side! My favorite entree would have to be the vegetarian samusa soup. It's like a mix between the Chinese hot and sour soup but with extra the Burmese special ingredients. It was so flavorful and tasty, and definitely opened up my taste buds! I also liked the beef curry-- the beef was so tender and the curry itself was great too. We should have passed on the garlic noodles, which were kinda bland and uninspiring, probably something you could get at Panda Express.The service was great and I had a really good meal, but one other thing I will mention is that I thought it was a little pricey. They don't have their prices online but I remember the tea salad (and most other entrees) being almost $10. It's also a better place to try with a large group of people so that you could try more dishes. But overall, still an excellent restaurant!
Went to visit the Academy of Science on a beautiful Saturday morning. Lunchtime came pretty quick after lots of exploring and Yelp whispered this destination into my ear. Well, that and the confirmation from a SF native (someone with our group that day) was enough for us to decide that this place should do the trick. It was a COLD day and we had to wait for a table. Lucky for us, there was a heater positioned right above a bench outside the restaurant. Oh ya, parking was NOT EASY. But it's SF, so I guess is to be expected. It was nice that I was able to take advantage of the Yelp special of "checking-in" to get a free Thai Iced Tea. I just wish the Thai Iced Tea had more flavor to it. But hey, it was free. lol On the other hand, the Jasmine hot tea and Dragon hot tea were very nicely flavored. We ordered some spicy & crunchy chicken, coconut rice, Burmese style beef curry, eggplant with garlic sauce, mild coconut chicken rice noodle curry, mango chicken. Food was pretty tasty! All in all, only the FREE Thai Iced Tea needed more flavor! LOL
Tip: They don't take reservations! Call ahead of time to put yourself on the waiting list!If you check in via facebook/yelp, you get a free thai ice tea ($~2)For three people:1) Moh Hinga (catfish chowder)-Fish chowder with rice noodles, ground catfish, onions, cilantro, and lemons-Can't really taste the fish, but it tasted like Vietnamese Bun Rieu. 3/52) Burmese Style Curry (beef )-Burma SuperStar's special curry. Braised until tender with potatoes: 3/53) Nan Pia Dok (coconut chicken curry flat flour noodles, not available vegetarian) Flat flour noodles with a chicken coconut curry sauce, string beans, split yellow pea, cabbage, and chilis: 5/5. This was my favorite dish! I never had anything like this before. Although it was pretty rich, it was absolutely delicious!!
fantastic
So amazing. Pork bell and,tea salad a must! Love the feel, though it does get crowded at night. A wonderful experience and must try for anyone wanting a little something different to tantalize the taste buds.
The best restaurant I have ever been to! The tea leaf salad, coconut curry, and coconut rice are all must-tries! Came to SF with my family for a week, and we ate here multiple times. Top off your delicious meal with a lychee mojito, and you won't be disappointed!
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally did. This is definitely the place for you if you like coconut and/or spicy food. The tea leaf salad was pretty good. The fermented tea leaves added an interesting kick. A group of us also shared coconut noodles, samusa soup, coconut rice with mango beef, and platha dip. The coconut sauce for the platha dip was AMAZING! My least favorite was coconut noodles, though ti was good, only because I don't think coconuts and noodles go well together. The samusa soup reminds me a bit of Indian food. The mangoes in the mango beef dish was very fresh but beware, it is spicy! I would have given it five stars if the wait weren't so long.
I thought "why not? This place doesn't have enough reviews." so here goes. A gushing ode from the tip of Cupid's arrow. Ahem. Burma you're a freaking supernova. A big, burning orb in the dark culinary desert that surrounds you. You're a beacon and mysteriously better than bacon (which for unknown reasons is absent in Burma). You're steamy and hot in the best way possible. Yes even better than that. Thank you dear Burmese astrologers who aligned the stars so this place landed like a UFO in the Richmond. If you decide to leave you gotta take me with you.
When my boyfriend asked me the first place I wanted to eat at when I arrived from Uganda I said, "Burma Superstar." Everything is just delicious. My favorite is the tea salad, mmm!
If I could, I would eat their Tea Leaf salad every day.
OMG, I've died and gone to heaven on a cloud of their coconut, noodle soup
I wasn't planning to write a review for burma superstar because I figured they already have 3219 review, so why even bother. But i can't help it to write something nice because they deserve it. The reason why they deserve it is because first their service is great, secondly the food it absolutely delicious and third it make me want to bring my friends there to try out their food. I had the tea leaf salad, mint chicken, platha dip, and few more entree and they were all so good. Therefore, I really can't say anything bad about it because every single item I tried was soooooo soooo good. Im for sure taking all my friends there anytime they come visit!!
Interesting food and great atmosphere. Love all the appetizers
Amazing Food!
Tea leaf salad definitely lived up to its hype. Pumpkin pork stew was just as good, very tender and sweet - but not too sweet.
Love it here! Great Service and The Salad is amazing! Worth the wait
This place has over one thousand reviews so it must have something special. I have always been put off by the long lines. Yesterday I went for my haircut nearby and at 5PM was just happen to be at Clement St. By the time I arrived at BS it was just starting to open up. There is already a line, albeit short line so I was seated immediately. The menu looked straight forward enough so I ordered the Tea leaf salad and the walnut shrimp. One of the disadvantage of dining alone is you can't order too many dishes. The tea leaf salad was good, with a very unique flavor of the fermented tea leaf lending a pungent and unique flavor. It was good enough, not my cup of tea actually.(no pun intended) The walnut shrimp was delicious it had a lot of shrimps fried in a very light coating, covered in a sweet mayonnaise sauce. The walnut was a little too sweet. I think they should put a lighter coating of sugar on the walnuts. Overall this place is terrific, with good service and tasty food. I think what makes this place special is that they have Asian food that isn't covered in oil and grease. You actually feel healthy after eating here unlike some other Chinese place that makes you feel like getting a liposuction after dining to get he grease out. :-)They also have a Sangria that has whole Lychee in it. Only in SF. I think next time I would like to try the Super star Shrimp and Fiery Lamb dish.
****Please Read****If you do not go to any other restaurant in San Francisco, please drag your butt to the Inner Richmond, and check this gem of a restaurant. There is always a crowd of people waiting to get in the restaurant. A wait could be as short as 10 mins and as long as 45, the good thing is that they will take your number and give you a call when your reservation is ready or provide you with some tea to keep you warm in the "frigid" San Fran nights.Our waiter Kenny was awesome; great knowledge of the dishes and helpful with the selections. We started with the Burmese Chicken Samusas, great texture, the curry combines gracefully with the potatoes. Gotta have it. For the main dishes, we had Chili Lamb, Burmese Style Curry Shrimp, and 2 servings of the Coconut Rice. The chili lamb was so succulent, juicy, perfectly seasoned, marinated, I can keep going by I think you get it. The chili went perfect with the lamb, spicy but not overbearing. The curry shrimp was again perfectly crafted, whoever are the chefs back there deserve a big kiss and hug. Their food makes you feel good. The coconut rice was the perfect balance to temper the spiciness, the right consistency and flavor. Everything was remarkable. My girlfriend is still talking about this meal and that was over a month ago!!!! Tell your friends, to tell their friends that Burma Superstar is the real deal!!
This place is great. Be prepared to wait for about an hour if you go for dinner. They will take your cell number and call you when your table is ready. There are some cool bars in the area to wait in.The tea leaf salad is unique and really great.Service was perfect and was a great meal. I will be back for sure.
To celebrate Kikay's White Coat ceremony (acceptance into the much-sought-after Pharmacy program at UCSF!) some of her fellow students, close friends, and family got together for dinner here. Awaiting accommodations for a party of a dozen people on a Friday night at a popular-but-smallish restaurant, you can imagine we were sitting outside for a good long while. Despite the wait on a chilly Autumn night, the food and festivity once we were seated was well worth it...The atmosphere is bustling and excited, the room abuzz with hip, brassy, trendy diners, tables/parties closely neighboring the next, wait-staff adeptly navigating through narrow passage. Thankfully, our big group was seated at a large round table nested into a corner, away from the traffic, granting us a little more elbow room.The splendor of having a big party? The chance to try a wide(r) array of the menu in one sitting... We ordered at least the following, though I'm sure I missed a couple things...-Burmese Samusas-Rainbow Salad-Tea Leaf salad-Moh Hinga (catfish chowder)-Spicy Calamari with Fresh Basil-Garlic Chili Shrimp-Fiery Chicken with Tofu-Superstar Noodles-Lamb Curry-Tofu Tower-Burmese Traditional Rice SaladAmidst all the tantalizing flavors, the refreshingly citrus-y Rainbow Salad, a tart Mohinga Fish (chowder), and spice of the Fiery Chicken and tofu dishes were the most prominent and memorable.The samusas, for their compact size, were satisfyingly starchy/doughy with a smoky spiciness. Calamari was just calamari, making the Chili Shrimp seem even more flavorful and delicate. The Lamb Curry was exceptionally tender and rich.Service through out our dinner was attentive, stopping and checking in with us several times through the night. Our placement close to the kitchen/service doorway might have facilitated that, but nonetheless, they accommodated and tended to our large party efficiently and friendlily.Quite the experience and one I'd return for (armed with the foresight to eat a little something to tide over that insane wait). OR if the food down the way at [supplemental] B-Star compares, I might venture that a-way..._______________________________________Everytime I hear "Burma Superstar", I still think Mya's "Ghetto Superstar".She's tasty too. Me likes.Win. Win.
This was definitely an experience. The food was fantastic and diverse, but the process of actually getting into the restaurant was a little difficult. First the meal. Four of us decided to split several dishes to get the best sampling of their menu.Drinks:Lychee MojitoBurma CoolerSalads:Rainbow SaladTea Leaf SaladEntrees:Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon RiceGarlic Chili ShrimpBurmese Style Curry (Lamb)The drinks were both very tasty, I especially like the Burma Cooler. The salads were both delicious, but I would recommend order them without the dried shrimp. No one else in my party noticed, but I thought it added an odd smell. The rainbow salad was crazy, you actually tasted 4-5 different flavors as you chewed it. All of the entrees were tasty, I could not really pick out a favorite. The casserole was interesting, but a little hard to share since there was a piece of chicken bone-in cooked with it. This would have been 5 stars if there was not such an ordeal to get in. We called at 6:30  PM on a Friday because we had read that you could get a place in line beforehand. We were told that there was no current wait, so we would have to call back. At 7:05 we called back and were placed in line, with an estimated wait until 8:30. When we arrived (at 8:30), we were told it would be another 20-25 minutes. 40 minutes later, we were seated. While waiting, there were several parties that approached in different circumstances (called before, tried to call, failed to respond) and each were treated differently with no apparent policy. I understand that the popularity of this place makes it difficult to manage seating, but there must be a better option that what we witnessed. I would definitely go back, but not between 7 and 9 on a weekend,
long wait, typical (at best) dishes, terribly overrated... Some dishes are not authentic...
Burma Superstar gets a lot of hype and, for the most part, lives up to it. The tea leaf and rainbow salads are both amazing and not to be missed. The entree portions are huge but can be a bit heavy. My favorite is the Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice. If you want to avoid a wait, I would suggest going for lunch when they open at 11:30 a.m. That's what I do and by 12 p.m., the place is already getting packed.
If you don't know by now. I feel sorry for you
I haven't been in a long time, but when I was in college a few years ago I went all the time and I loved it! Their tea leaf salad and Mo Hinga are the best!!!
We showed up on their doorstep on a Thursday evening after a night of "Sharktoberfest" beer/drinks indulgence at the Academy of Sciences and in the need of food....good food. I remember a trip to the Burma Superstar in Alameda, and I really enjoyed it, so since my party of 4 was being completely indecisive I took charge. As we drove by around 9 pm and saw peeps congregating outside, us gals jumped out of the truck to put our names on the list while the guys went on the hunt for neighborhood parking (a challenge). We were told it would be 30-40 minutes, sad face. But we'd figure we'll wait for the guys and then make an executive decision on what to do. While waiting they have hot tea set up outside for people to warm up, a nice touch. The server approached us and said "you know if you don't mind I can sit you at a large communal table with another couple in the back in 10 minutes"? Duh....YES!The guys walk up after successfully finding relatively quickly around the corner a parking space, we share our good news and tea.We get seating and they immediately start with appetizer orders. So much to choose!We had to have that Rainbow salad, I'd had it before and it's so wonderful and flavorful. It was also decided that the soup "samusa" sounded really good, so lets go for that too. Oh and some Mushu beef.That soup was off the hook! Had pieces of falafal and spicy undertone, it was really perfect for a cold evening. I'm still lusting after it now thinking back.Then we ordered some garlic noodle, basil chicken and coconut rice...Almost too much at 10pm, but after drinking we managed to squeeze most of it down. Being it all tasted so good, and only taking a small doggie bag home.The service was fantastic, and I love this place!
Awesome.
So, so good. I'll admit I tend to stick to the tried and true, like the tea leaf salad and the amazing samusa soup, but they've never done me wrong yet. This location is more crowded and doesn't have a fancy bar like the one in Oakland, but it's a nice cozy spot for lunch. Show up right when they open to skip the wait!
+3,000 reviews so I'll keep it simple:Yes it's one of those places you seem to have to check off your Bay Area bucket list at one point or another. Yes the table-side tossed Tea-leaf Salad is a great myriad of flavors. Yes the Samusa Soup is a hearty, complex, and delicious taste of Burma....Are those two appetizers enough to entice me to return and endure (at the very least) an hour long wait for mediocre entrees and cramped quarters? Meh, I think I'll pass.
The wait is pretty long but it is definitely worth it. Amazing dishes.
Tea Leaf SaladSamusa SoupSamusasCoconut RiceListen to what everyone else suggested. These four are a MUST.... every time.
I liked it. Tried 3 dishes including the rainbow salad which was excellent.  But is it worth the wait? nah. I didn't LOVE it that much. I'd return, but only is the wait wasn't to long.
Burma SuperStar is the BOMB!! We went there for dinner last night (Friday), had an hour wait, put our name and cell phone # on the list, killed it over conversation and beer at an Irish bar a block away. Got our call, had a seat, ordered: Samusa soup (shared, for 1-4 people, comforting, tasty, a little spice kick - yum!! Check it off the 7x7 list), noodles with coconut curry and chicken (yum, flavorful, filling, lovely!) and the pork tenderloin with pumpkin curry (tender, tasty, loved the pumpkin, mmm, definitely a winner!!). The tea leaf salad at the next table looked scrumptious, light and healthy (note taken for my next visit!). Service was quick, friendly and attentive, which was nice as yes, it is VERY busy and bustling (even at 9PM when we left, the line was still waiting out the door)!It was a lot of food for two hungry girls, and it tasted even better as leftovers the next day (my bf gave it the thumbs up!!). I would not normally have patience for a no-reservations, busy restaurant, but for Burma SuperStar, I would definitely make the exception as I would be back and back again!! Love it!!
We had the Samusas, Garlic noodles and the Veggie Samusa soup which was all delicious and amazing. Definitely have to go back to try the salads. The service was hit or miss with one waitress being extremely nice and patient while another server was pushy and impatient.
Delish!! Super flavorful food and the tea salad is just wonderful; it is also fun to watch the server prepare the salad at the table! This place is notorious for long waits during peak dining hours, so we went for early dinner, still waited but only for several minutes.
Pretty darn tasty, Burma SuperStar! I went into the restaurant expecting to not like the tea leaf salad (despite the rave reviews). Not being a huge salad fan I was surprised at how much I liked it; I would recommend everyone give it a try at least once. Samosas were delish and the entrees were good. Overall enjoyable experience.
One of my favorite all time places in SF. A must-try!!!
5 stars!!! Appetizer: chicken samosas (small but tasty) Entree: catfish curry (so good!!! The catfish is tender and the curry has a slight spiciness which enhances the dish. Must try)Lamb curry (err, the lamb was so overlooked that my friend and I thought it was beef... And the curry had a heavy potato taste that overwhelmed everything. Do not recommend)Chili lamb (spicy! I am a fan of spicy food yet this was too spicy. There were too much chili flakes and I had to eat around them. Eat at your own risk) THE SUPERSTAR DISH: tea leaf salad (omg, I never had anything like it! This is not your typical salad and you must try it for yourself. Every bite has so much kick and oomph to it. HIGHLY RECOMMEND)Although entrees may be hits or misses, the tea leaf salad clinched the 5 star rating for me!
I was afraid it wouldn't live up to the hype, but it's worth going out to Inner Richmond to check it out.Of course, we had to start with the famous tea leaf salad, which has lots of textures (fried garlic, peanuts, seeds, etc) and beautiful colors. I wish they actually had more of the fermented tea leaves, which were the star ingredient, but I can see how it's an acquired taste. Another generic but good appetizer to share is the pratha with dip - basically a thicker layered version of roti pratha. The pratha is almost like a chinese scallion pancake minus scallions, and it comes with a mild orange curry sauce (save the extra sauce for your rice). If you're vegetarian, beware that I thought I had some pieces of meat in the curry.As for main dishes, we had the following:1. Citrus chicken - marinated almost like Vietnamese BBQ, very tender, with a squeeze of citrus on top2. Shrimp curry - a red non-coconut, non- cream based curry with plump shrimp, slightly spicy (there's a catfish version, too), not super pungent with spices or herbs3. Burmese Fried Rice - like Vietnamese broken rice with extra textures (some corn, some crunchy rice crackers?) - good flavor on its own, slightly greasy 4. Nan Pia Dok- a flat rice noodle with a lighter curry sauce. I actually prefer stronger flavors and thinner noodles, so maybe we should have gone with one of the other noodle dishes...Service was very pleasant - we never felt rushed even though they're busy and have quick table turn over. Every server was super polite and efficient, and they all had smiles on their faces. They were also really knowledgeable about the menu and can make recommendations for first-timers.I'd come with more than 2 people in order to try more dishes, but bigger groups may be trickier to accommodate in a relatively small space (though they did have a big round table). They do take credit cards.Tip: they don't do reservations, but you can call ahead when you're on your way to get yourself on the wait list! We did this and parked just in time to get to our table without waiting!
great food. I wish the place have enough space.
i don't see the hype of this place. at least it's not over priced and the food is not bad. I've been here a few times and at least they're consistent with their service and food. nothing much to say about this place.
So good. So freakin busy tho. Expect at least a 2 hour wait any time of day every day of the week. I wish they would expand to a larger space.Notables: pumpkin pork stew is SO tasty, as are the pea shoots, the chili shrimp, and of course the tea leaf salad.
My lunch at Burma SuperStar consisted of a long (~1 hour) wait, some good dishes, one excellent dish, and one bad dish. Although the food is good overall, it didn't quite meet my expectations.My table had the tea leaf salad and rainbow salad, which are each composed of an amazing number of ingredients--22 in the rainbow salad alone! The server pointed out every ingredient in the salads before mixing each one; they were both tasty and had a nice combination of different textures.For our mains, we shared the Poodi potato curry, the nan gyj dok (a burmese noodle dish with chicken coconut curry), and chili lamb. The chili lamb was the best dish of the meal; even though it was a bit too spicy for me, I couldn't stop eating it. The Poodi potato curry was pretty good and surprisingly sweet; for me, it was too sweet. The burmese noodle dish was actually bad; it had a very off taste, and I couldn't eat more than a few bites. We also shared coconut rice, which I thought was a bit strong. I had the ginger soda, which was refreshing and had a nice, concentrated ginger flavor. Generally, service was a bit slow, but the restaurant is packed and lines are long.
My Husband and I are Very Pleased with the My New Car. I got an ES 350 and it Great. Don Hakker was Absolutely WONDERFUL. He helped me get acclimated to all the New Car Features. I drove an SC 430 for 12 years and really enjoyed it. I really Love Lexus Service and All the Nice People there
Sangriaaaaaa! This was the highlight.
This is one interesting place... I sat down not knowing what to expect... and said surprise me... and surprised I was. this is now one of my fav places to go.
Maybe Burmese food is just not for me. Burma Super Star seems very popular on yelp, and I heard about it from a few friends, so I was interested in trying it out. It was a weekday lunch, and we still had to wait a little bit. They seem pretty busy all the time.For an appetizer we tried the Tea Leaf Salad that was featured on the food network, but I couldn't eat more than a few bites. I was gagging from the first bite, and I thought it would get better, but it didn't. I came with a group of 5, and only one person liked the salad.  For my entree I ordered the Spicy Chicken with Basil, which was okay, but also not great. I can't remember what my friends ordered, but I took at least one bite of everyone's dish, and didn't seem to like any of it. Maybe we ordered all the wrong dishes, but I don't want to come back to find out what else they have to offer.
I appreciate good service, possibly more than I appreciate good food. So when I arrived at Burma Superstar and was greeted by the friendly and talkative seater guy, I was hella excited! I'd like to believe that he was so polite because I flirted a bit over the phone before arriving, but I doubt that he recognized my voice. He seemed genuinely interested in the satisfaction of all the guests! I came around 6 on a Monday. There was free tea, but no wait! Anyway, we had the sweetest, most helpful waitress also! I was on the fence about getting the coconut rice but she assured me that it is amazing with every dish! It was. *reminiscent sigh* it wasn't too sweet and it was topped with the perfect amount of fried onions! I also got the Mango Chicken which was a delectable blend of onions, peppers, and of course chicken and mango. Ah, how my mouth waters to think of it! The entrees are served a la carte mainly and they serve family style. So be prepared to have tons of delicious Burmese food left over!The only downside is I like A LOT of rice and I felt like the little ration allotted was a bit meager. I now feel the need to eat here during every Bay Area visit!
Platha And Dip is oddly homey and familiar and comforting. Don't even know why but it is scrumptious. They also accommodated my uncle who insisted they give him the check, no matter what my dad said. Good way to head off the "let me out asian you by picking up the check" routine/battle depending on how you want to see it. Bravo.
Awesome food and great ambience. I am definitely going back again.
I just returned from an extended stay in Cambodia and Burma. Out of respect to Buddha I will try burmese food cooked here and hope to realize it is not a fad food.
WHY WE CAME HERE:- anniversary dinner, wanted to try something new in The City- great Yelp Reviews & reasonable prices; worth a try!BEFOREHAND: - the only thing I knew about Burma is that they were the enemies of Siam (according to the history lesson scene in the original King & I movie)THE LOOK & FEEL:- street parking; if you come at night for dinner, parking is free, so you don't have to feed the meters- line waiting pouring out the door! so we KNEW it had to be good- checked in with party name & party size, & told the wait would be about 45 minutes (estimate was ON POINT)- since the street was full of Asian restaurants we decided to go to Quickly for some boba to appease a bit of our hunger- came back to wait & didn't want to miss our party name being called so once there was room on the bench outside the restaurant we sat down (there's a gas heater above to keep waiting customers warm!!!)- hot tea & clean tea cups are on a cart outside the restaurant for waiting customers as well- inside the lighting is a bit dim, the seating a bit cramped, but I feel it's to make it feel more intimate- walls are painted with earthy tones for a relaxed ambiance & walls are covered with framed recommendations & reviews by newspapers & I believe local celebrities- bathroom is unisex & a one person restroom right outside the kitchen; if you fall in line waiting to go to the bathroom you need to be sure to not be in the way of workers rushing in & out of the kitchen carrying hot plates & dirty dishes to prevent accidents & spills; but bathroom is VERY clean!!!THE MENU:- 2 menus; one for food, one for drinks- dishes reflect spices, seasonings, ingredients, & cooking styles of bordering countries of China, India, Laos, & Thailand & is impressively extensive- an asterisk indicates the menu item is a Burmese dish- most dishes can be served vegetarian, but you have to ask your server which ones can or cannot be available in that option- some dishes are stated to not be available in non- or mild spice, so be warned if heat is your enemy!- at the back of the food menu they also sell shirts that are donated to charities, which is something I've never seen before, but seemed very nobleWHAT WE ORDERED:- Tea Leaf Salad (which was featured on the Food Network!)- Pork Curry with Potatoes - Burmese Style Curry (beef option)- Burmese Style Fried Rice- hot tea (Golden Monkey flavor)THE TASTE:- hot Golden Monkey tea has a soothing quality AND a chocolate aftertaste!!! strongly recommended for tea lovers!- Tea Leaf Salad has fermented tea leaves straight from Burma along with garlic & peanuts for texture; has a little heat & great flavor- Burmese Style Fried Rice has yellow beans that look like corn kernels & was VERY complimentary to the Burmese meat dishes we ordered- both the Pork Curry with Potatoes & Burmese Style Curry had tender meat that falls apart in your mouth & the softest potatoesCUSTOMER SERVICE & WORK ETHIC:- always greeted with a a genuine smile- I really appreciated that the workers all went around the whole restaurant constantly checking up on customers to take away empty plates, see how the food is, filling up their water glasses, & cleaning up/setting up tables for new customers ONLY REGRET:- we didn't have room for dessertOTHER NOTES:- MUST come again!
Okay. first. MAKE SURE YOU MAKE RESERVATIONS. This place has a killer line. I got here at 8:30pm on a wednesday night and there was a huge line. The line never stops and people keep coming. It's definitely been hyped up. Since I wasn't able to dine in, I can only talk about the tea leaf salad and mint chicken take out we got. Sadly, we didn't get any coconut rice, though I've heard good things about it. The chicken was pretty good and had a lot of flavor, though it was spicy as hell. As a spice enthusiast, it was alright for me, but for anyone faint of heart...be forewarned. The tea leaf salad was certainly interesting. The tea leaf definitely gave it a different taste and the consistency/texture was fantastic. Sadly, I would have liked more of a variety of different greens. It's really just lettuce with a bit of tomatoes along with the rest of the toppings.(worth a try though)I'm definitely coming here again though...
Very good! But not as good as the trendiness would suggest, and not worth the price. Mandalay is better for less.
Went back again recently and loved it! The tea leaf salad and samusa soup were fantastic. Great place. Must have caught them on an off day last visit.
Goddamned good food! Ambiance is trendy and upbeat, but family friendly.
Great vegetarian options!
Great food, great atmosphere, just get here early and beat the crowd.The food... a great blend of flavor even in the most simple of dishes. Try the coconut rice for instance. Normally rice is rather flavorless, but I found to have a sweet coconut flavor that went well with all the food. There's also a decent selection of both spicy and non-spicy dishes. I tend to favor spicy foods, and found it to be flavorful, but not overpowered by spiciness. I was also recommended the tea leaf salad, unfortunately I haven't tried it, but... perhaps next time!The venue... quaint little interior, decent amount of seating, but will fill up quickly. Try to get here early, I arrived just around 5:30 and had no wait. The parking in the surrounding area is convenient enough.Overall... make a trip to this place and enjoy yourself!
Both times I have visited I have been rewarded with excellent food. The staff is patient and will take the time to explain dishes to you, even though the joint is packed and hoppin'.There is always a line out front. we find it best to go for an early dinner and get in line before 5:00. Almost everyone gets a table and the food pleasure begins. Delightful salads, tasty soups, and outrageous dishes with lamb or eggplant are all hits in my book.Great location too. Take a walk on Clement after dinner. There are bookstores, cafes for coffee & tea, and well as other asian stores and eateries. Our favorite supply store Kamei is right down the street and worth a visit.
This place is definitely hyped up from being on the Food Network, so they certainly need a bigger location with more accessible parking, or at least a second one! Nonetheless, the staff is professional and friendly, even under the stress of a busy night. And they are home to the best walnut prawns I've ever had - perfect amount of sauce, big prawns, great presentation. This place also got me started on samosas (and variations), as their samosa salad is absolutely perfect in size and composition. Plus, their coconut rice reminded me how sweet and moist it could really be. Their okra, smothered in surprisingly fitting tomato sauce, was the perfect dish to satisfy my okra fix. Although we didn't get any desserts, I saw some recommendations to try this place during their slower lunch hour, and because I am craving more of this place, I am looking forward to going back, eating their delicious food, and trying a dessert or two!
After trying a couple of other Burmese places, and finally heeding the advice of several friends, I found myself at Burma SuperStar a few days ago. Though I showed up at lunch time when they were rather busy, I was seated promptly. The waitress was responsive and attentive, with my order arriving in a timely manner. While I need to come back and try many more items from their menu, my pumpkin pork stew was wonderful. The portion size was just right (tending toward the smaller size at lunch time), but most importantly, the flavors were memorable. Understated yet flavorful, multifaceted without being overwhelming... An earthy undertone with a light, airy top note of mint. Freakin' amazing...The coconut rice was also fluffy and light in all the right ways. I am actually craving another portion now! I think the only thing that may be important to keep in mind is that the tables are rather close to each other. So, if you are looking for a romantic/low-key meal, it may end up being a little too crammed and loud for comfort. Other than this, great food with reasonable prices (especially during lunch).Can't wait to try the tea leaf salad next!
Burmese food is a new favorite, thanks to Burma Superstar!! Excellent super fast service, even though restaurant was packed!!!! The food was amazing. Never had Burmese food before, so I can't compare, but I know when food tastes great, makes me feel good and looking forward to more...feel that way about this place and their food!!!
Simply just amazingly delicious!
First experience with Burmese food and it was great. The servers were very courteous and took the time to explain the ingredients. We tried the spicy crispy chicken, chicken with fresh basil, shrimp and the tea lead salad. I would recommend all of them.
Best calamari I ever had in my life.And the food is amazing I'm surprise this place doesn't have 5 stars yet!
Loved it! The shrimp kebat was tantalizingly good!
Three times was the charm! After attempting to try this place 2 times, each time was a ridiculous wait, we just happen to randomly drive by one day and got in. Even though the place was slower than their usual, there were still many people dining. We ordered coconut rice, the okra tofu, spicy crispy chicken and of course the infamous tea leaf salad. The meal was well worth the wait, and the flavors tasted out of this world. Don't know if I can keep doing random drivebys in hope to get in, but I will cherish the one time experience.
These guys do Burmese food oh so right! I ilke to this of their menu as a fushion of Indian, Thai, and Chinese food all mixed in one. And if you look at the Geographical location of Burma it makes complete sense. The tea leaf salad keeps me coming back for more but they also have good curry dishes if is a cold foggy day outside. Also try their iced tea. It is mixed with condensed milk which makes it a sweet treat after your meal.
Tea salad that others review about was very good. Also the mango chicken was flavorful and delicious. Would go again. Docked one star because parking is difficult. -- everything about the restaurant was great.
Best restaurant ever. Amazing food. Great wine/beer list. The long line sucks- so get there early. I make it a point to come here at least once a month. I've tried a bunch of their dishes. My favorites are the Samosas, Tea Leaf Salad, Chile Beef or Lamb (extra spicy), and Coconut Rice. I can say without even thinking (and I've been to a million 5-Star restaurants from all over the world) this is my favorite restaurant!!!!
Very tasty! Not cheap enough to be cheap, but a solid choice for delicious and healthy food.
Paid a visit to Burma Superstar with three friends on a busy weekend and they seated us promptly on a shared table. Everyone was very impressed by their meals. I opted for the mango salad and the Burmese style curry (lamb) with coconut rice. Highly recommended.
yep. like they said - all of em. very good
Burma Superstar can do no wrong. It can't. Unlike Cheesecake Factory where you wait 1.5 hours for mediocre food, at Burma you wait just as long for AWESOME food. It's all about the food here. The service is definitely above average but not amazing, but I'm okay with that because I go to eat not to socialize with the wait staff. I never dine here with less than 10 people. It's great for eating family style. I love that they explain some of the dishes to your group. It's a perfect combination of Thai and Indian food. Tip: hang out across the street at Blue Danube if it's cold out. Oh yeah - parking sucks! Enjoy!
Can visit this place just for the salads. My favorite - the tea leaf salad and the samusa salad. Both so flavorful and delicious.The food on the other hand is just above average. Have been here several times and have tried a variety of dishes. The vegetarian samusa soup and the chicken dahl is good. The burmese style lamb curry has a good curry base, but the lamb is chewy. The chili lamb is extremely SPICY!!! It burnt my tongue. Nan pia dok was bad. The sides are also above average. The jasmine rice and coconut rice is extremely sticky. The fried rice is good. A bit over-priced, but can go there again and again for that TEA LEAF SALAD!!!!
Great food. Servers were polite, if scarce.
I had 3 friends drive up from LA this past weekend for a short visit and one of them urged me to go to Burma Superstar. We came over around 9pm on a Saturday night to see a 2 hours line wait and gave up since they were extremely hungry after the long drive. Sunday morning we decide to go back hoping to get a table and we did (just because it was around 10-11am ish, and about half an hour later people started to form lines outside for lunch). One of my friend actually dined here 6 years ago and she had this sweet and sour pork chops or sth but she didnt remember the name and althou we try to describe it to the waitress she couldnt figure it out. So, we took a risk and let the waitress handle the order. We ended up with 1 appetizer and 3 entrees.FOOD: Had the amazing Tea Leaf Salad, Garlic Shrimp, Pork Curry with Coconut Rice and the Nan Pia Dok. Totally surprise me at how delicious were all the dishes. Especially the Nan Pia Dok Noodles.It was my first ever experience with Burmese food and it did not disappointed. I will definitely take some friends to come next time. The coconut rice and Nan Pia is a MUST!
This place is great! Long wait but the host took our cell phone number and called us when a table opened up. Waitress was swamped but still made us feel like we were her only table, that my friends is talent! We had the tea lead salad, excellent braised pork belly, which was incrediblecoconut curry soup, pretty goodand the dessert with coconut ice cream, jack fruit, and banana (sorry forgot the name)Honestly this place is great, trust me, I know!
Good stuff.
Tastes like Thai food. Wait is ridiculous. Good, but not great.
Oh my god, just yes.
So I'm really picky with my restaurants and Burma Superstar is absolutely my favorite restaurant in SF! I've never had a bad dish here at all. I love the tea leaf salad, coconut milk chick noodles, samusa soup, and braised porkbelly. Everything here tastes like heaven in your mouth. I also love the coconut rice, yum!I don't think I've heard anyone ever say anything negative at Burma Superstar at all. It's not so pricy either. Everything tastes amazing and the servers are really nice. I would take my friends who visit me to this place and they all love it.
For years, I drove by Burma Superstar on Clement Street and could never see beyond its front door. Being an impatient eater, waiting outside to get a table discourages my attempt to dine here. Until recent month, I managed to put my name on the waiting list on one faithful evening thanks to the help of a foodie angel AKA a good connection to have when you tried to get into a restaurant that doesn't accept reservation.Yes, I got in with 2 other friends. Not only did we get in, but we got what we considered the best table of the house - right next to the big window, against the wall with the view of the dining room from our table. In this city, or in any town, it pays to name dropped, and we did just that and our server, Kenneth was and went above and beyond and suggested planning our menu for us. Not having to order sounded good to us, although we managed to throw in couple of items that caught our attention on the menu. The rest we left the rest to Kenneth. Boy did he not disappoint. Appetizer course - the famous Tea Leaf Salad. Mixed greens, toasted sesame seeds, peanuts, fried crunchy garlic chips, jalapeno and the star of the show the tea leafs that have been cooked to a creamy consistency and all mixed up at table side. Second course - Catfish Chowder. This bowl of slightly sour with just a kick of spicy tomatoes base fish chowder came with rice noodles, shredded catfish and cilantro. It was hearty, fishy, but in a great way, the broth was rich, flavorful and the noodles were cooked to the perfect chewiness. If I weren't eating other dishes that evening, I would be perfectly happy just eating the entire bowl of this catfish noodle soup. For our main courses shared family style, Kenneth worked his magic and arranged for us: 1) Stewed Pork Curry with Potatoes - pork stewed for 6 hours until is fork tender and covered in the wonderful hearty thick curry pork and tender potatoes. Scoop and drop on coconut rice and we got the perfect meal.2) Chili & Garlic Shrimps - meaty shrimps in slightly spicy and very garlicy and flavorful sauce that goes so well with the creamy, savory coconut rice we had. 3) Sauted Pea shoots with Garlic was executed perfectly. For desserts - Deep Fried Coconut Pudding Fritters with Young Coconut Ice-Cream. Do I need to explain the wonderful sensation of hot and cold combination of this dish? I think not. This experience confirmed the saying that if there is a line outside a restaurant, the food has to be good, and it was great! So thank you for my foodie angel and for the wonderful hospitality. I'll be back for sure!
Oh Burma Superstar. You've let fame go to your head. You used to be cool. You used to actually sit me at the time of my reservation. You're like the little puppy who lost its way. My party in its entirety arrived on time, we were told 45 mins more, not once but TWICE. I swear, if I wasn't already out in the Inner Richmond I would have hauled ass and gone elsewhere but I had out-of-town guests in tow who really wanted to try the tea salad - who could blame them? We literally had to go across the street to a cafe and order a fruit and cheese plate so that we wouldn't start gnawing on each other, seriously people, pack snacks. But being the skinny fatty that I am, I will put up with a LOT of crap for good food. Maybe it was extreme hunger, maybe I was slightly delirious, but that food is awesome. I'm thinking of placing a pick-up order right now just thinking about it. The tea leaf salad is a must, the rainbow salad is great as well. The sesame chicken is stellar too. And don't go getting any of that jasmine rice, no, coconut rice is the way to go here. I don't care if you're allergic to coconut bring the goddamn EpiPen.
Rainbow Salad!
The short ribs... Heaven!
Food is good! The wait is long though, but worth to wait.Recommended to try: Mushu Beef ( appetizer) & Steak Kebat (entree)
Fave resto in SF
Amazing food! Great Service. One my favorite restaurants in the city!
1000+ reviews? Seriously??? Wow. Clearly this place doesn't need another review. But ha, here it goes...* THE WAIT * Okay. While I DESPISE the fact that this place doesn't take reservations, I do appreciate the efforts made by the staff. Thanks to Omar B., we knew better not to suddenly barge in and expect a table for nine. NOTE: There's only ONE table that can fit a large group. So...here's how it works. (as if it's not already noted in the other 1000+ reviews.) About 45 mins prior, you call their *special* line (415-350-7117) to put down your name on the waitlist. The waitress will then call you about 5 mins before the table is ready -- so you'll want to be in the close vicinity. If your whole group isn't on site at the time the table frees up, you're taken off the waitlist UNLESS you can order for the entire group. (This was our case - we had to give up our table to another party.) Quite brutal...but again, it's not the waitress's fault, and she was seemingly doing her best to accommodate us.Once inside, it's super jammed. Expect some degree of physical contact with strangers. The service is ok...not so attentive, but efficient.* FOOD * This was my second time eating at BS, though most of the people in my group (incl. few yelpers) had dined there numerous times. It's one of their favorite restaurants in the city. They absolutely LOVE it. (Note: A friend of mine was back in the city for the weekend only, and this was THE place he wanted to go back to.)The first time I ate there, I didn't find the food to be at all appetizing or inspiring because of the greasiness combined with blandness. It was overwhelming. This time around, however, I enjoyed it slightly more. Most dishes were still too heavy for my sensitive (not!) stomach, but that's expected of Burmese food...and slowly, I'm learning to appreciate the flavors. And there are lots and lots of great flavors that shouldn't be missed. Anyway, we were a mess trying to order. Thankfully, our waitress made some thoughtful suggestions, and the dishes were served really fast. We had:- Burmese Samusas- Tea leaf salad- Rainbow salad *- Chicken noodle curry * - Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole *- Fiery chicken with tofu- Garlic chili shrimp- Lemongrass salmon *- Pea shoots *- Every kind of rice available: coconut, jasmine, brown, flavored... ( * are the ones that I particularly liked)By the time we finished, we'd forgotten the fact that they'd just made us wait an hour outside in the cold just to get seated. We were SO FULL... I was still full the next day from the unusually heavy meal. I get full just thinking about it. Prices were very reasonable, only $20/person.In sum, it's always good to try a new cuisine and we had a great time. I'd love to try their second restaurant down the street!
The wait is crazy. Most times we wait 45 min to 1.5 hours for a table which used to be worthwhile except B Star is only a few blocks away. They don't have the same menu as Burma Superstar but the favorites are offered. Musts: tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, chicken casserole, samosas.
The food: delicious. The service: polite and prompt. The space: very cozy. I recommend coming here for lunch on a weekend as the wait is much shorter than the dinner line. Of course, the main recommendations are the Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad. The Sambusa Soup is also a must try. (If you are a vegetarian they can remove the shrimp for you).
You HAVE to go here at least once. And there will ALWAYS be a wait!! Call ahead to get put on the wait list. Sometimes you might have to share a table with strangers if you don't want to wait longer. For me I was next to a couple on their first date, and it was really awkward haha. The food is pretty good, I tried to venture from the highlights but those dishes weren't as good (Last time I do that!).
Came here with my boyfriend. The wait was of course long. We put in our names and walked around on Clement Street. After an hour we were seated. My boyfriend was jet lagged so we ordered a few things and took most of it to go.Everything on the menu looked delicious. But of course we had to start off with the tea leaf salad -- loved it! We then ordered pumpkin and pork curry with coconut rice and duck noodles.Everything was great. Would recommend coming early to avoid the wait or expect a wait and have things to do as you wait. Food was yummy! Love the ambience too.
The pumpkin pork stew was very good. The roti appetizer also had a nice texture. The mango chicken was not quite as good as the other dishes.The waitress was friendly and cheerful.
We had the chili lamb, coconut rice and and rainbow salad. Amazing. Worth the wait.
The fermented tea leaf salad is incredible (as is everything else I've ever had here)
Really, really liked the food. But I still can't justify waiting for a table for more than 30 minutes. Thankfully, we lived on the same block so we were able to put down our number, have them call us and then just walk over.Service is good and fast, atmosphere is nothing special, it really is all about the food. I would add this place to the list of restaurants you should have eaten at least once while living in San Francisco.
Next time I need to go with more people so I can try more dishes. What I had was amazing (esp that "salad" with all the ingredients)!
What a great find! My family and I had lunch here and they were so awesome since we had 12 people with us. The food also was fabulous! Definitely an awesome hole in the wall!
One of my favorite places. The food is excellent and unique, and the drinks are awesome as well. I great place to dine out and take a date or a group of friends.
it's just ok, i think it's overrated.
Dude. Seriously.I'd been meaning to come here since I first heard of it's glory upon moving to SF 2 years ago. Finally I was able to check it out yesterday and it did not disappoint. Wil you wait? Yes. Will it be worth it? Oh yeah. Walnut Shrimp, Tea leaf salad, sesame beef, samosa soup.....all just ridiculously good. Seriously the sesame beef about made me need to smoke a post-coital cigarette, and I don't even smoke. Insane. I'm actually sad writing this review that I'm not eating the food right now. 5 stars all the way.
I never seen a restaurant with that many reviews! I went there with my entire clan (twin toddlers included). This is a very nice clean and yummly place. Tealeaf salad, hinga soup and many others we ordered and they are all good.
Our house was extensively damaged by a recent hail storm in Ft. Collins. Not only was the roof damaged, but also the gutters, siding, and windows. The roofing job was complicated by having a solar panel on it. Interstate Roofing repaired the roof AND acted as contractor for the gutters, carpenters, painters, and window repairs. Our house looks beautiful today and Interstate relieved of a great deal of stress by managing the whole job. Thanks, Interstate!
OVERRATED. Gave this place two chances because of all the hype... SO not worth the wait. Got headaches both times from MSG... They say they don't use it but I don't buy it. The headaches were almost immediate after I was done eating. Ironically the flavors aren't even that great. Do yourself a favor and drive down to Burlingame and eat at Mingalaba. No headaches, full of flavor and excellent service. The wait and distance is worth it, I promise.
I was very worried about the potential wait, but when we went here for Saturday lunch with friends, we must have hit a lull because we were seated almost immediately. This was my first introduction to Burmese food. Elements of Indian food (fried bread and vegetables, lentils, and samosas) and Thai food (noodles, coconut-based curries and cold salads) came together in interesting ways. Don't be afraid of the odd-sounding dishes like poodi (potato curry) or Okra and Egg Curry. These people know what they're doing.We started by sharing the vegetable samusa soup, which was a hot, rich juxtaposition of surprising textures, from thinly sliced cabbage to crunchy lentils to crispy samusa shell. We each enjoyed our individual dishes, including the famous 22 ingredient Rainbow Salad (my friend could only identify 9) and my own Curry Chicken Noodles with flavorful tender chicken pieces, creamy sauce and fried onion. As far as beverages go, the ginger lemonade was delicious.This is a little gem and I would recommend it for any adventurous foodie going to the city.
The food is to die for. The service is thoughtful. What more could you ask for. Highly recommended.
FOOD:curry & some other dishes. food was good, tasty. SERVICE:GoodATMOSPHERE:Not too big, kinda homely, a lil cramped5.3
This is not Thai or Chinese, but has some similarities. I am still not sure if i'm a big fan of Burmese food, but I did enjoy the experience. Pleasant wait staff, reasonable prices, large portions. Only downside (which isn't the restaurant's fault) is the parking on Clement, which is challenging at best. Despite that, I recommend that you try it at least once. The vegetarian dishes are delish.
One of the best restaurants in The City, hands down. Very down home, good people, great service, get there early if you want to get a table. The tea leaf salad and the sumusas are to die for, same with the poody and the curries.
When I think of this place, my mouth starts to water. The food is great and so is the service. It is always packed so be prepared to wait. I love the beef curry, tea leaf salad, sesame chicken and so many more dishes. You can't go wrong here.
Probably one of the best Asian restaurants I know. This place is something else. Too bad there's usually such a long wait list and no reservations.Must have: tea leaf salad, probably everything on the menu
BURMFABULOUS!!! Now I definitely left my heart in San Francisco ... in Clement street!! This place is awesome!! Tea leaf salad is the best!! Must try! Rainbow salad was just okay, I would pick the tea leaf salad in a heart beat.Garlic shrimp was good, but not a must have. Curry pork was flavorful and tender. Service is always excellent - Queena is very engaging and bubbly! Always smiling.
JUST EAT HERE. The food was insane. I had never had Burmese food before, but it was just this amazing combo of flavors from other cuisines in the area, yet all it's own. I got the Superstar Shrimp.
The salads. It's all about the salads. The tea leaf, rainbow, and 50-million ingredient salads. Seriously. That's all you need to know about Burma Superstar. Go there, order the salads. You'll leave happy! They're absolutely delicious!
Order the tea leaf salad. It was by far my favorite dish!
Came to Burma Superstar again and tried some of their other vegetarian dishes. They were far superior to the first one I tried. They also had a vegetarian soup that was delicious.
Food here is super good the coconut rice is to die for super yummy. Costumer service is really good and nice people there. Does get super busy and waiting outside can be a pain sometimes especially when it's freezing outside! But worth the wait
Burma SuperStar that is what you are...What is Burmese food? To me it's the perfect marriage between Thai and Indian food. Dishes contain really bold flavors and use a lot of spices. One time my friends and I left Burma feeling like we were drunk off all the deliciousness. My favorite dishes are below, but if you're not sure just stick to the items on the menu with stars.1. Samusa Soup2. Tea Leaf Salad3. Rainbow Salad4. Pumpkin Pork Stew5. Burmese Style Lamb Curry6. Coconut Rice7. For dessert - Banana Spring Roll with Coconut Ice Cream8. If you're thirsty - White Sangria
This is the place I make sure to take my friends who are visiting from out of town. The food is delicious but also unique. The coconut rice is better than any dessert you've ever had, and its not a dessert. The samusa soup is so so good and filling. Really, everything I have had has been delicious.The tea leaf salad is probably the most famous dish on the menu. My husband and I think it is weird, bordering on gross. But everyone else I know seems to love it. Maybe its an acquired taste, I don't know. Make sure to call before you come so that they can add your name to the list. No point in waiting forever out in the cold, and there is always a way.
The service is so bad at this place that it ruined the experience. Long wait to get in (30 minutes equaled over an hour) - but we weren't upsetLonger wait to have someone stop at the table (15 minutes ... and it wasn't packed)Waitress rolled her eyes when we asked if we could get drinks as she walked pastSame waitress began to take order and then told a passing waiter she didn't want to help us and walked away. New waiter refused to give any information on a manager (general or floor) and told us that the restaurant had no managers but we could email a general info email if we wanted to talk with someone Bummed out because at one point this place was enjoyable. Hello out there.... Does anyone run this restaurant? What happened to the nice owners who started it?
I have been going to this place for years and was so pleased when they opened one in Oakland. It's a cool date place or for a girls night out. The roti canai and the pork belly are my favourite and a must with the lemonade. YUMMY.
My friends have been telling me about this place for years. I finally had the chance to come and bring my wife with me. We started with the samosas, then had the chili lamb and curry chicken. The samosas were very good, but when the main courses came I was amazed. The chili lamb was absolutely amazing. The spice level was good, the dish had a killer taste, and the chicken curry had some awesome flavors. I havent had a meal this good in a long time. Count on us coming back here again for sure. Only bad thing i would have to say is that the lychee tea was very bitter. Ok if you like that but not for me.
I give this 1/5 stars only because it used to be 5-star quality.As a native of Burma (Myanmar), I and nearly all of my Burmese friends and relatives find nothing super about this restaurant as it is now. In the 90s, the food at Burma SuperStar was fantastic and truly authentic. Since then, the food at this place has become very Americanized--very mild and bland compared to the real Burmese food this place once served.There are other underrated Burmese restaurants with more authentic food here in the Bay Area. I'm glad that Burma SuperStar is doing great sailing on the hype built up around it though! The service is fantastic and MUCH better than it was in its early days. I just hope the food will one day be as good as it once was.
Word's cant describe how good Burma SuperStar's Pork Belly tastes, especially when accompanied by some of their delicious Coconut Rice.... Everything I've ever had here is AMAZING! My only complaint is that I'm so torn on what to order off the menu now, because everything I've tasted is excellent and everything I've seen but haven't tried looks incredible and I'm forever stuck in limbo!Bottom Line: This place is the real deal... Excellent food and great service. Enough Said.
I'm quite the picky eater and I can def say that I LOVE Burma Superstar. I tried this place for the first time in March of 2011, and I crave it every time I visit SF. I absolutely love the tea leaf salad. The differences in texture, the slight saltiness, and the dressing is just great. The sesame chicken was also really good. Foods that have been deep fried and soaked in a sweet sauce usually make me sick, but Burma Superstar puts just the right amount of sauce so that it's not too overwhelming. The chicken tofu kebat was something that I recently tried and loved as well. I'm a huge fan of spices and tofu so this was pretty great and the sauce is unlike other sauces that they have on the menu. It's a tomato base so it offsets alot of the creamier and more coconut-like flavours that you might get. As for drinks, the ginger lemonade is a must! It was so good and refreshing. There was a bit of a hit to it that I can't explain, but you'll understand it once you try it. I'm not a huge ginger fan, but this def made me crave the drink. They would have gotten 5 stars if the wait wasn't so long during dinner time. Waited almost 2 hours for a table, but it was well worth the wait.
Excellent service (door man is crazy attentive!). Excellent food.
It was so good I'm adding it to my spots in San Francisco.
My favorite restaurant in all of the bay area. Sesame beef tastes like candy, Rainbow Salad was featured on the food network and has 16 ingredients, and the Walnut shrimp is highly addictive. Never been to the one in SF, but the one in Oakland is spectacular!
Have gone to Alameda & OaklandBerkeley locations. For the most part, food is consistently well prepared. There was one unfortunate instance during the Dec holidays when we went for dinner only to find ourselves suddenly in the midst of a fight involving 2 male patrons (possibly drunk) & our waiter who was in the midst of taking our orders. Being seated in the corner window space made it that much more unnerving! Otherwise, would not hesitate to return for good food.
Go and get the tea salad. Amazingly complex, bitter, crunchy, savory, a little sweet and garlicky all at once. Paired with any curry and the amazing coconut rice, you will leave content that the place really is wroth the hype. I know that the lines can get ridiculous, but the servers are friendly and folks are happy to share tables if you need it. One of the few places I won't grumble too much if I have to wait. But just in case, just go early. Be a dork and wait in line like the other dorks. you'll be happier in the long run.
Whenever I am in SF, I always try to take advantage of the diverse and endless food culture by trying something that I just can't find in Dallas. So when sifting through yelp and Burmese food popped up, I figured that the chances of me being able to locate Burma on a map are about as good as having a Burmese restaurant in Dallas.I went with the apparent crowd favorite, the tea leaf salad, and then also tried the mint chicken. As a self proclaimed carnivore, I was a bit skeptical about a vegetarian dish, but the tea leaf salad was very good; nonetheless, I don't think I'll be going vegan anytime soon. While the salad had the look of "I can make this at home", the flavor was definitely unique. The roasted garlic and some time of nuts (pine nuts maybe? I forgot...) gave the salad a really toasty flavor, and the tea leaves added a little something extra. The mint chicken was good but not memorable, it is basically like a spicy basil chicken dish you would get at a Thai restaurant with some mint thrown in - I like spicy basil dishes so obviously I liked this, but it wasn't particularly special.The coconut rice is exceptionally sweet, almost like desert... so if you like coconut I would definitely try it, but I would find putting down an entire side fairly difficult. The coconut/sweetness is kind of blended in the rice in globs, so you will get these big sweet chunks of coconut every few bites.... very tasty but very rich. As a general rule of thumb unless you are the type of person that can polish off an entire pint of Ben & Jerry's without a hiccup, then you probably want to split this side with at least one other.The place is crowded and has tight seating, so if you are claustrophobic it may not be a great idea.... overall I thought it was pretty good and would go back on occasion.
This was a real treat for a Texan. We don't have Burmese food in Austin, TX. The food was fresh and delicious. The tea leaf salad was an experience. The waiter was courteous and accommodating. We had someone in our party with food allergies and they went above and beyond to make sure that they could accommodate him. Next time we're in San Francisco, we are definitely stopping by here!!!!
Had lunch here the other day. Yummy as always.We had:- Tea Leaf Salad (spectacular)- Mongolian Beef (good but not memorable)- Curry Beef with Coconut Rice (excellent)- KIngfisher (always a winner)The service is always spot on in terms of efficiency and friendliness.If you want some excellent Vietnamese then go directly across the street to Mai's.
Burma Superstar. I've wanted to go here for AGES. I pass it all the time going down Clement, I see the line of people waiting outside, I've heard it is amazing.Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. The staff was wonderful. Fast and polite. 5 stars for service. The food, however, the food was average at best. My friend and I went for lunch and only ordered things that were starred (meaning it was an authentic Burmese dish).--Tea Leaf Salad: It was good. But there weren't any flavors that made the dish "pop" or made me think, "hmm, I really want more of this"--Chicken Dahl: again, good, but no flavors that enticed me to continue eating--Bun Tay Kauswer: same as above. Just lacking flavor.Maybe the chef was having an off day. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things. I wish it were better, I really do. I'll have to give it another try someday.
It's really a mystery why this place has such a cult following. The food here is OK, but in no way justifies the long lines. There is better Burmese food nearby.
The salads here contributed to a new dining experience for me, and they tasted great. All the other dishes we had tasted very good too and had a well made feel to it. The 22 ingredients in the rainbow salad seemed very simple, but when blended together made for a delicious dish.The coconut rice, although highly recommend on yelp, was a whatevs for me, maybe because I've been eating rice my whole life, or maybe that the coconut accent doesn't even matter when you eat it with a main entree.If you are ever in the area I highly recommend trying this place out, and try the salad, it's pretty good and relatively healthy.
Great food. I've been twice and liked it both times. Bummer wait though.
The wait for a table to food excellence is a bit skewed. San Francisco for you.That being said, to get into BSS and get a tea leaf salad and cooler, sit in the back patio and enjoy an evening... very nice indeed.
Maybe I ordered the wrong foods, but Burma Superstar? You disappoint me. Why is it that all my coworkers rave about your awesome food?And why is it that 2 of the 3 of us who ate at your restaurant ended up feeling sick after we left your restaurant? I'm sorry, I will not be back anytime soon.
Color me UNIMPRESSED. You're good, Burma Superstar, but not THAT good.So this was the second time we tried to come here, because the first time, they were packed to the brim, the wait was an hour, and they tried to send us to B-star. We decided to come back before dinner rush, which still resulted in us waiting over an hour. But damn it, we set out to try this place, and this was where we would eat. So we waited outside like sheep, and my only consolation was the free tea that I took great advantage of (which was great, considering once you got IN, they charged you for it). Your tea leaf salad is not fabulous. It grows on you, bit by bit, but it's not crap-your-pants fabulous, as everyone on yelp harps about. And I'll agree with Nicholas F. on this one, it IS like someone spilled some Cornuts on our plate. It's unusual, yes they ship the tea leaves in from Burma, but maybe they shouldn't because it's not that great.We got the chicken samusas. There were three pieces, with sauce, and again, it wasn't that great. Samusas, as they come anywhere else you order them.Eggplant with garlic sauce was on par with anything you could get at a decent Chinese restaurant. Except, well, I wouldn't have had to wait an hour plus to get it. The pumpkin pork stew was good. I won't deny it. I love pumpkin in all walks of life, and I loved it here. Drizzled over some coconut rice, this was my favorite part of the meal. Chili lamb was unusual but tasty. Nan Pia Dok was also really delicious.So why am I being such a negative nelly when I clearly liked some of the food? Because this place is not worth the wait. All of that food (except for the samusas, which I definitely could have lived without) could have been ordered to go, taken home, and enjoyed just as well without the wait. There is no added benefit to sitting at the restaurant, unless you want to listen to all of the yuppies gush about how delicious this curry is, and how they haven't had anything like it since they came back from fill-in-exotic-place-here. Oh, and it's on the expensive side. If i come back, it will be to pick up my food and dash. There is no reason to wait in line here. None.
I frequently order take out from both Mandalay and Burma Superstar and am constantly comparing them. I like both restaurants very much but have recently decided that I like Burma better. Both restaurants serve many of the same dishes (curries, the famous tea leaf salad) but also have dishes unique to their restaurant. While my preference is Burma, others may like Mandalay. It comes down to what will better tantalize your taste buds.Mandalay's food tends to be sweet. They seem to use a lot of coconut milk and basil. The curries are more watery/thin (not in a bad way). Their hot sauce is better than Burma's though. That's because it's HOMEMADE! It has a pungency that reminds me of fermented shrimp and garlic (maybe that's exactly what it is...) My favorite dishes: Burmese style curry, pea sprouts with garlic, balada (buttery flaky pancakes with curry dipping sauce)Burma's food has stronger flavor and is very garlicky. Their dishes are more savory than sweet. The curries are thick. But their hot sauce is nothing special (just the chili garlic hot sauce that you get from Asian markets). My favorite dishes: Garlic chili shrimp, eggplant with garlic sauce, Burmese style catfish curry.I prefer Mandalay's pumpkin pork curry over Burma's. I prefer Burma's eggplant dish over Mandalay's. But the tea leaf salad tastes exactly the same to me from both restaurants.Both restaurants are ALWAYS busy no matter the day of the week. Parking will always be difficult to find in this area. In the end Burma wins by a margin.(I am going recycle this same review for Mandalay, hehe.)
First review for one of my favorite ressos! The food is excellent, service is friendly, and atmosphere is comfortable. The only real downside is the wait, which can be anywhere from 30 mins to 1 hr 30 mins. To avoid this, I would suggest calling ahead and putting your name down or going for an early or late dinner. I've been to a few Burmese places but this one will always be my favorite for starters: Tea Leaf Salad and Samosa Soup. Give a try!
Food (overall) is fine. Tea leaf salad is amazing; that's about it.
1st time having Burmese food. This place is a diamond in the rough! Mmm, mmm, good.
I've seen hoards of people waiting outside of Burma SuperStar for as long as I can remember, and after eighteen years (since they first opened), I lined up too, to finally see what the fuss is all about.Out of everything we ordered, the tea leaf salad and coconut rice were the highlights. The salad was not unlike other Asian salads, except it came with mushed up fermented tea leaves (which tasted like the grape leaves used in dolmas), and salted fish sauce. The coconut rice had a nice creamy texture. Both were good, but nothing extraordinary. The vegetable tofu kebat and lamb curry were tasty, but again, underwhelming. It was like overpriced Chinese food with the exception of a couple difference spices.I think this is an establishment that thrives on the hype and the ambiance. At least they give you hot tea while you wait and take down your phone number so you can wander off to window shop or get a cup of coffee.
panties dropping good! panties dropping good! panties dropping good!
Delicious! Really quick service and both dishes were a delight. Makes me want to try everything on the menu!
You really can't go wrong here.My mom and I have dined here twice.Both times we got the Tea Leaf Salad, which we adore.The Platha bread with Coconut Curry sauce is another must-have.I've never tasted anything like it.The Burmese style curry is delicious as well.We weren't crazy about the Rainbow Salad.Nothing bad, just didn't live up to it's reputation for us.I would recommend this place to anyone, and we'll definitely be coming back!Also...we got here on a Sunday afternoon around 1 pm. The wait was only five minutes! We must have gotten lucky.I love the complimentary tea while you're waiting also c:
Amazing food! Friendly staff and a lovely setting.
This is one of my favorite SF spots. It's unique and tasty and not pretentious and decently priced. I especially love taking out-of-towners here. My faves are the tea leaf salad and the Nan Gyi Dok, which even my kids devour wordlessly. The samosa soup is great if your sinuses are plugged. The chicken casserole is amazing, but takes a few people to finish. The beverages are great too!I come here about once ever 2-4 weeks. It's still superior to it's sister restaurant, B-Star down the street. I'd only go to the latter if I'm dying for the tea leaf salad or wanted some good Jook. Otherwise, the OG is the way to go.
Food was not bad...overrated tho...
Burma Superstar was great, but I think my expectations were set too high. I was hoping for robust flavors with lots of heat - essentially, I wanted my food to be so spicy I was crying, but so delicious that I couldn't stop eating it. My friend and I shared the Braised Pork Belly with Pickled Mustard Greens and the Bun Tay Kauswer (coconut chicken curry noodles). Again, both dishes were fun and tasted great, but didn't have the intensity of flavor that I was looking for. I don't think this issue was restricted to the dishes that we ordered, but rather that the food is watered down for Americans (which 9 times out of 10 I appreciate!). Maybe next time I should order extra spicy and see what happens.
I would've given Burma 5 stars but since Ive been going with my child, they make us wait longer periods than usual and seat people who dont have any kids before us. This has happened to us a few times now.. The food is excellent and in my opinion is better than Oaklands Superstar. The Tea Leaf salad is a must as well as the pea shoots. The Samosa soup is savory and the coconut rice is perfection. The Chili Lamb and Spicy Cripsy Chicken are my favorites. Everything is soooo good, NOTHING you order will disappoint I promise!! There was a time I ate there twice a week for an 8 month period and the quality of the food never wavered. There is a lot to be said for that.
it was just ok. not worth the hype or the wait in my opinion.
This place was ok. My sister and I preferred the original Burma SuperStar in Oakland. They took a long time than San Francisco Burma SuperStar, but their dishes were much better in my opinion (as well as my sister's).It's far away, but try the Oakland place as well.I believe that's where they first opened their restaurant.
Great food! Love the coconut rice and soups. Only issue is ocassional wait times, go at off hours and it's much quicker.
Yummy! I came here with a couple friends before a hard day of helping some friends move furniture into their new apartment (which was right around the corner from here). I was excited to try this place after seeing so many wonderful reviews on Yelp. We ordered the tea leaf salad, veggie samusas, samusa soup, chicken dahl, and garlic noodles w/ duck to share.My favorites were the tea leaf salad and veggie samusas. Both had great flavors; the tea leaf salad was really refreshing, and the veggie samusas weren't too oily or overly fried. I can definitely see why this place is popular for Burmese food! I would come back to try some of their other menu items.-L.
Their food and drinks are great!! A bit out of the way but I definitely try to make it a point to visit on my trips.
Fantastic all-around. Only problem is the wait, but it's worth it.
Love this place, I have never heard someone say that they didn't like it. Lots of GF options. Beware it gets SUPER BUSY!
Ate here a few weeks ago and liked it. Had not had Burmese so it was new for us, but we found it accessible and good. Server recommended some stuff and we went with it. Had the tea leaf salad, some kinda ball (sorry I cant remember what) and lamb curry. Everything was well prepareds and service was fast and friendly. We went on a rainy Wednesday and did not have to wait. I guess I had high expectations because of the great reviews and I was a little let down. Okay all in all and reasonably priced, just wanted more.
Excellent food...unique and delicious. I am a fan of their coconut rice - rice cooked in coconut milk and served with fried shallot. I'm sure the tea salad is good if you can get the "real" version wtih shrimp - I'm a vegetarian so I had the shrimp-free version which was o.k. but not as spectacular as my friends told me it would be. The interior looks a bit hole-in-wall-ish - small, and the wait was LONG, even on a Thursday night. They had free tea for people waiting in the cold though, which was very nice of them.
This place is an experience not to be missed while in SF.  It is, by far, my favorite restaurant in the city.  Be sure to try the tea leaf salad, coconut curry soup, and the wonderful desserts. I love everything about this place
Burma SuperStar was on the bucket list of things to do while in Cali...I loved SF and because of this restaurant I would almost move there. Almost. There was a tremendously long waiting period to get a table. (Apparently the norm) and it gets chilly in San Fran at night time...after a while, even the heated lamps didn't suffice standing outside.I told the hostess that I was visiting from N.Y. and it was my first time and I was starving, I didn't want to loose out on the opportunity to eat there, if there was anything she could do to speed up the process for me and my starving friends. She looked at me with puppy eyes and told me "I promise you, it will be well worth it."So we waited....for an HOUR AND A HALF...down the street at a coffee shop...by the time we got seated I thought my organs had eaten themselves. So you're probably wondering why give this restaurant 5 stars then? Cause the food is that ridiculously good. WOOOOOOOW!!!!! Is it really worth the wait you ask? a resounding YESSSSS! take a granola bar with you. I had the tea leaf salad, samosa soup and coconut rice. I'm pretty sure they serve Burmese food in heaven, I've looked into restaurants in N.Y., because I'm really craving this again and there is only one spot 'Cafe Mingala'. So I'm going there next week with a few brave souls to test it out. Even if the food is a fraction as good as it was at Burma SuperStar I would be happy.
I LOVE THIS PLACE... except for the parking! the wait here can take a long long long time. The first time I came there, my friends and I had to wait almost one hour for a table for 3. But the wait was worth it and I learn my lesson. Get there early is the key. You can put your name on the wait list and take a stroll down Clement street. And when your table is ready, they will call you on your cell. My fav. dish of all time is the Tea Leaf Salad. I love how the explain to you about the ingredients and they also toss it for you. If only i can make this dish at home. I order it every time I go there. Another dish i recommend is the Mango Chicken. It's made to perfection with just the right amount of spice. This dish will go perfect with their coconut rice. If you order 1 bowl of the coconut rice, it should be good enough to be shared between two people. When it comes to their noodles i prefer their Nan Gyi Dok over their Superstar Noodles. Their Superstar noodles was too spicy for me and a little bland. If you are a shrimp lover, i say you need to try their Garlic Chili Shrimp. My friends and I will always fight over this dish. If you can't decide what to drink here, i recommend their Mango drink (that is if you are a mango lover). Their ginger lemonade was refreshing, but it tasted more lemony. Overall, Burma Superstar is the place to try because you will be dying to go back again and again. Their service was excellent. We noticed is that most of the waitresses had on Converse shoes. So as a joke, we asked them was this the key to get a job here, because i so won't mind eating here every day =)
Food is great. What sucks about it? Not being able to reserve and having to sit in long lines OR eat the awkward late lunch / early dinner.
The food here is awesome but the wait is bad. Its cold outside and there isn't really a point to getting ur name on d list till u show up. They don't bother calling you once ur table is ready.
Very tasty. Greasy. Long lines. Slow service.
I've dined in a few times at this location. Not usually my choice of restaurant because the lines could be horrifying. The food was excellent - definitely one of the best Asian cuisines you could find in San Francisco. However, the last time I've been here was to pick up some take-out. The take-out was definitely no bueno so I have to minus one star because I believe even take-outs should have the same quality in terms of taste. That said, just line up if you have the time to spare - there's dessert across the street if you get hungry.
We arrived here after a day of showing a friend the city and my other friend had heard good things about this restaurant. After a stroll through Golden Gate Park, we worked up an appetite and were excited to find that there was no wait! Granted it was about 5:20PM, early dinners are the best! We were seated in a corner booth, very close to the next table. the whole restaurant had this cozy feel with many people working to ensure that our water glasses are always full and to ensure that we order, eat and pay in a timely manner.We ordered:The Rainbow Salad- it had over 22 different items which were tossed in front of us. The salad was light and crisp and the flavors melded together nicely. It was the favorite dish of the group due to its great flavor. Sambusa Soup- This was probably the least favorite among us diners. It was a very different kind of soup from what I've had before. It essentially was a thick soup with sambusas cut up in it and had a weird grainy texture from the potatoes in the sambusas. Nan Pia Dok- This was a flour noodle dish with a base of chicken coconut curry with flat four noodles and topped with small amounts of veggies like sprouts, green beans, onions and chilies. This was served in a similar manner as the rainbow salad in that it was tossed and mixed in front of us. The flavor of the noodles were spot on, however, the noodles were a but overcooked for my taste. The chicken was very tender and melted in my mouth. The curry flavor was a little light for my taste and could have been stronger.Pros: -Quick service (in and out in less then an hour!)-Nice staff who always ensured that we had all our needs met-Flavor of the food was great!Cons:-Almost too quick of a service, this is not the place to sit and chat after a meal, they want you in and out as quick as possible. -A little cramped in terms of the tables almost being stacked on top of each other.
I didn't really enjoy my food. I generally haven't had good experiences with Southeast Asian (Thai, Burmese) food, so it might just be a problem with me though, and not Burma Superstar. Most people I've talked to seem to enjoy it quite a bit though :)
I've only heard good things about this place... A friend and I went last night (a Monday) and got there around 6. I guess we were lucky because we got seated right away (although it was the last open table).The waitress suggested the rainbow salad, the green tea leaf salad, and the samusa soup... and it's not that we didn't want to try those things or take her suggestions, but being the carnivores that we are, we were in the mood for meat. So instead we ordered the samusa appetizer with chicken, the pork belly (no brainer), and the garlic noodle with duck. We also had the coconut rice, which, in combination with the pork belly made me REALLY happy. The aromas rising up from the dishes around me were taunting. Even after eating my fair share of pork belly on a bed of sauteed watercress and other tasty bits, the smells beckoned me to order one of everything. I left feeling absolutely food-drunk (pork sometimes does that to me) and satisfied.
This is a great restaurant.It is super busy and hard to get a table in a timely fashion, but once you're in, it is excellent. We had a large party and instead of trying to pick dishes, we ask the waiter to choose the best for a particular budget. *FANTASTIC*.
It is really adaquate. The line is not worth the food.
Waiting to eat at Burma Superstar can suck-- especially in the cold SF wind. But, the wait is definitely worth it! Burmese food is something I've never tried until recently. I imagined it to be a mix of Southern Asian food-- but it was very unexpectedly different from anything I've ever eaten. I got the tea leaf salad while my counterpart got the fried catfish. Both were amazing and flavored impeccably. Every bite was satisfying. The service was a little slow due to the high volume of people but when called for, the waiters/waitresses were very attentive. I can't wait to try the other items on the menu!
everything makes me drool and keeps me healthy. I love every location and I ALWAYS order the Green Tea Leaf Salad! SO BOMB!
tea leaf salad. that is all you will ever come back for after one bite. the end.
Amazing food!
yummy burmese. dad is from burma and we used to go there years ago (before you had to wait for a table). mohinga, samosa, partha :)
Coconut rice, curried eggplant, and mango coconut juice! I don't recommend the starchy vegetable samosa soup but I had it wrapped up anyway. Pumpkin pork stew balances the spice in tea leaf salad. Waited 45 minutes and we were the last couple in.I couldn't try the free tea because there weren't any clean cups. The girls before us in line stood in front of the fan enjoying the scent of the food. The host gave us menus while we were sitting outside so we could order before the kitchen closed. He apologized for the people lingering after dessert. Thanks for making sure my first experience trying Burmese food was good. I'd go back. If you want take out you can enter then order from the left side. My boyfriend said the food was so good he didn't need his Tsingtao. This made me glad we missed our reservation at Mandalay. We were given a choice to go to B Star and told that Wednesday is the least busiest day.
Tea leaf salad and coconut rice recommended. Very long wait time almost two hours. Otherwise good food.
My favorite restaurant in the ENTIRE CITY. This place doesn't need my review, but I am just so appreciative of the good cuisine here. Most of the staff is Burmese, and they have intense knowledge of the fare, and they make some epic recmmendations of what to get. Appetizer: PLATHA WITH DIP. I could live on it.YUM YUM YUM . not a place to get a quick bite, as they are always full and do not take reservations. Eat here and be a happy human. That is all.
Too greedy, why don't you just learn how to take reservations?I'll happily head over to B-Star.Actually, while we're on the subject - if you want GREAT tea leaf salad, you should really go to YAMO in the Mission!
Yes, the wait is bad but oh is it worth it! This place has great food with great flavors. The staff is always knowledgeable and helpful - I especially like it that they often ask about dried shrimp on the side of the tea leaf salad because a lot of people do not like it for some reason. Get there before 5:00 and your wait should not be so bad.
Some of the highest quality, creative, delicious and heartwarming food I've ever had! Thank you SuperStar!!!! AWESOME!
The food is just delicious. The wait, not so much. Get takeout, go for lunch, or hit B-Star
Quite good food but a bit over-hyped at the time, perhaps it has died down. Worth a try as long as the wait is not too long.
Honestly, one of my favorite restaurants in the city. My coworker is constantly raving about it and I was skeptical of the hype until I actually checked it out- definitely worth the hype.Tea leaf salad looked odd but amazing flavor, and very unique. I can't remember all the dishes at this point but I remember their pumpkin shrimp and lamb dishes being excellent.Food is great, the only thing that would deter me from being a regular is the wait. At times it can be an hour, and though you can kill time at the bar across the street, sometimes I don't feel like drinking and I just want to sit down already. Hoping they can expand or open up another location in the area!
If you're one of those people who flock to this place and patiently wait the 2 hours for a table, at least you should be aware that this is not authentic Burmese food.Nothing beats homemade Burmese cooking. This is not Chinese food we are talking about, where there are restaurants out there that can make amazing non-imitations. This is restaurant style Burmese food made to please those who don't know or who don't care.Don't get me wrong though, sometimes I don't care enough either. I'd still wait for a table from time to time if I craved the food in the place, just not if I were craving "Burmese" food. Highly recommended: any of their lamb, beef, and pork curries which make me wanna lick the plate clean. While their samusas have a strong Indian lean, I'll tell you I'd STILL be scarfing those babies down like I haven't eaten in days. Who wouldn't after a long 2 hour wait?? At least they can take down your cell # and call, so you can walk over to a bar on Clement and drink a few while you wait. Just say no to their weak sangria.
Don't come during lunch rush! Heard about this place from a friend, we were in the neighborhood so decided to drop in. Wait was a bit long, but there was a Quickly's down the street so we grabbed some boba & loitered outside with our drinks while we waited.We ordered the samosas (eh, had better, too much potato not enough flavor) and lamb curry and rainbow salad. The rainbow salad description said it was recommended by Food Network (MYFAVORITECHANNELEVER) so I ordered it. They do table-side service and mix the salad in front of you. Was a pretty light salad and very different. Lamb was tender & yummo! Definitely would have liked to try the other items on the menu, but it is a bit pricey for the portion size.
Friendly service and pretty good Burmese cuisine to match from what I've eaten here thus far.The uber popular tea leaf salad that I ordered was pretty tasty though different from what I've grown accustomed to. I still prefer the tea leaf salad from Mingalaba (Burlingame) and Mandalay (SF) over Burma SuperStar's.I also ordered the Nan Gyi Dok which is a Burmese noodle dish with a light chicken curry sauce and some other fillers. Good, but still tough to measure up to Mandalay's and Mingalaba's house special noodles with chicken.I'll likely come back to check out what else they have to offer with the admonition that I will not be willing to wait in any ridiculous lines.
Believe the hype, this place is pretty damn incredible. And honestly, I would've been incredibly disappointed if it wasn't because I waited about an hour and a half to get a table (they don't take reservations). In fact, there was a family waiting outside who travelled all the way from India to eat here. So yeah, expectations were pretty high. When my family and I were seated, everything moved pretty quickly; I'd say we probably spent under an hour eating in the restaurant. Everything was sublime, and seeing as I've never had Burmese food before, refreshingly new. What stood out to me was the Tea Leaf salad. Holy crap. It's so flavorful and different... trust me. So good.
I often say there is a simple formula for a successful restaurant. Flavor + Service + Value = A winner. This place nails it. The food is delicious (I dream of the tea leaf salad...wow!), the staff always makes me feel like family, and when the bill comes I always feel like a got a great deal. What can I say? Burma Super Star is indeed just that, a super star!
Omg catfish chowder omnomnom. Also love the chicken curry noodles.
LOVED IT SO MUCH THAT IT MADE ME WANT TO END MY 6 MONTH HIATUS OF WRITING REVIEWS (I've been lazy).Went with a friend for dinner on a Thursday and put our name down. Pretty cool that they know everyone has to wait, so they take your number and will call you once your table is ready (a few cool coffee shops within a few blocks, or you can take a stroll).Service was good, friendly.. helpful with the menu. There have been enough positive reviews, so I'm just going to say what was good...DELICIOUS...makes me think of going back everyday (if it weren't across town...!!)roti -- YUMMMMMM (they call it something else..plathana?)pumpkin shrimp - MMMMMMMMcoconut rice - i hate coconut, but this is sweet..sticky... rainbow salad - how many different things can YOU taste?chicken curry - delicious.I HEART this place! Yes, jumping on the bandwagon, but there's a reason!!!
Nothing to say that hasn't been said other than: our waiter, Kenneth (according to our check) was absolutely incredible! He deserves all your tips and all the raises possible! Great service for a superb dinner (rainbow salad and shrimp curry).
Amazing food. Almost always a wait/line outside the door, but food is totally worth it. Tea leaf salad - yumm! I want to come back here every time I am in town.Peanut allergic individuals, be sure to notify the waiters.
This place was awesome! I came here with my friend one night to have a nice dinner since I hadn't tried Burmese food (at least I don't think so).I don't remember the name of my entree but it was similar to sweet and sour chicken and I wish the names of the entrees were less misleading. I was in a Burmese restaurant and wanted something new and exciting, but it was my fault for ordering the chicken. My friend ordered the egg noodles I think it had curry in it and the server even mixed it for us. It was a really great experience and I'm looking forward to going back.
Its just okay. Better than b star but not worth the wait.
Delicious, spicy, and take out too!
Yes, it is just ok.
Yummy food at great price!! I don't know if it's worth the HUGE lines out the door that I always see, but it's delicious and worth trying on a slow day.
I'm writing this review a few years late so forgive me.  Had the chance to go here with a few friends and everything we had was great.  I esp remember their delicious Logan ice tea.  It's been years and I still remember it!ALso had the chance to eat at their oakland location and it just wasn't that good. Mmmm
The Tea Leaf Salad is a must, but the wait to get in isn't worth it. The only solution for me to finally see what the hype was all about was to go to their other location across the bay in Oakland. There wasn't a crazy line, and if I just want to order the salad to share with someone, we would still have room for Bake Sale Betty's or Genova's for a sandwich down the street. Go to the Eastbay location!!! I love San Francisco, but that wait sucks for Burma Superstar!
Mixed bag here. Some stuff was awesome (their tea leaf salad, vegetarian samusa soup, and the coconut rice is bomb), but the entrees we ordered (Chicken Dahl and Shan Noodles) did not live up to this spot's reputation.With the Chicken Dahl, for it being the "special curry" it was lackluster and the Shan Noodles was emitting a very strong fermented-ish smell/flavor that I did not care for. If you're gonna come here, the soup/salad/rice are a great starting point, but I'd steer clear of the entrees I got. Maybe get a kauswer noodle dish instead. Another thing about the tea leaf salad, I appreciate how their tea is finely chopped - I've had coarser tea leaves at another restaurant in SJ that was essentially like gnawing on twigs. Writing this review makes me wish that their nearby rival Bagan didn't close down - less hype, less wait, less expensive, more deliciousness =,(
Support group very helpful. Had a problem with a distributor who did not a product very well. Support group walked me trough the problem and solved it.
This place....is ok. I'm comparing it to Mingalaba in Burlingame (which is the bee's knees) and there really is none. Dont get me wrong. Its tasty. Its interesting. But its not fantastic and really not worth the wait. This being said, I didn't have any of the salads and maybe thats where I went wrong. Had four dishes and left feeling satisfied, but not wanting to go back.
I just love this place. Been here a couple of times and just love the tea leaf and papaya salad. The vegetarian entrees are not that great, but the salads totally make up for it. Also tried the sambusa soup and it was really good. Their coconut rice is really good too! The place is super crowded though. I would recommend call them and put your name on the waitlist, otherwise the wait time is anywhere between 1-2 hours. The staff is really nice and courteous. Overall a great place.
I'd never had Burmese food prior to Burma Superstar and I enjoyed it so much I went back a second time within a week.
Don't go here unless three hours of time is nbd for you. I got here with my friends at 6:30pm, and we literally had to wait until 9:30pm to get seated. For us waiting = spending ton of time in the Quickly next door. My experience at Quickly was defined by two hours of an in-vain attempt to make a last stand with my stomach before dinner. Ultimately, I capitulated and got multiple orders of really greasy, really spicy, fried chicken. I couldn't even get a cup water! Quickly charges for water. Plan ahead and don't do this! You're not going to want to have your stomach filled with bad, greasy food just before you go eat here.Get the tea leaf salad! Actually, get two orders of the tea leaf salad. At our table, I believe we got three orders of tea leaf salad. (we weren't messing around :P)Also, high recommendations for the mango mojito. The waiter will try and recommend literally every other drink on the menu and even point out that mangos aren't in season. But just get it anyway. If you don't like it, blame it on me.Speaking of which, one of the waiters here is a total troll. He challenged one of the girls at our table to finish a ton of red peppers in exchange for a free dish if she were able to do it. When she didn't (she was close), he didn't give her the dish. Is that a way to treat a girl?Anyway, I rate for food experience and not just food so this place gets 3 stars in my book.
It's no secret, . . . Burma SuperStar is good . . . like 4 stars good. Yeah, there is a wait every night of the week, and it is all the way out in the Inner Richmond, but those two facts shouldn't dissuade you from trying their fare. When dining at Burma SuperStar everyone tries the tea leaf salad, the lettuce wraps, and the samusa soup. Tried and true staples of the restaurant no doubt . . . but the real gems are to be found in the oft-overlooked items of lesser fame. The mint chicken is excellent and the chili lamb is the best dish I've ever had there . . . like I don't care how bad my mouth burns, . . . I'm taking another bite good. Be adventurous when you go to Burma SuperStar and you won't be disappointed.
Burma Superstar is good, not great but good. I have been to both locations and I like the East Bay location better.
A Ok , dont get the hype, I personally would just eat vietnamese foor or thai food. Prolly wont be returning.
Definitely worth the wait! I'm a fan of everything we had for dinner tonight! Tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and curry catfish! So yummy and the staff was awesome! ** come early to put your name on the list.. The wait is long but well worth it!
This place is awesome! No more need be said!!!
Every single thing we ordered here was spot on delicious! And the service was amazing as was our waitress super sweet- the guy even went over every ingredient in our salad with us before mixing it right there on the table... Yes! If you're feeling adventurous you should definitely put this on your list and even if you're not, you should go anyway- you won't be disappointed!
After finishing a mind-numbing project at work, the three of us went on a lunch adventure - to Burma Superstar!It is a small restaurant and there WILL be a wait if you go for dinner. We went at lunch around noon and were able to score a table for 3. You can also call ahead for seating :)We shared:Tea leaf salad - a must try.Rainbow salad - my favorite!Chicken & shrimp clay pot - this is definitely Burmese, I've never had anything like it. Samusas - good, but not really my thing since they are deep fried.Try any of the burmese specials!
THE HYPE IS REAL. After coming to Burma Superstar for dinner, I made my travel companion return the next day for lunch. That's exactly how much ass is being kicked here. I'm already plotting to hit up Burma again when I return to SF for my return flight.General rule? EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS. Here's what we got over our two meals:1. Tea Leaf Salad - this is fabulous and a must-try, so different than anything I've ever tasted before between the tea leaves and fried garlic. The flavor will leave a serious impression, and the portion is heaping. So many different tastes and textures to savor.2. Rainbow Salad - Again, something you definitely want to try! The different types of noodles make this the heartier of the two salads we tried, although it also has a slightly roasted, herby taste that will blow you away.3. Mu Shu Veggie Wraps - We could not get enough of these, ended up scraping the bottom of the dish to get all the leftover broth/juice. 4. Tower of Tofu - This was garlic-y and flavorful! Great pick and great salad on the side with mint leaves.5. Samusa Soup - This is supposed to be one of the specialties, and it delivered for the most part. The portion says it serves 1-4 people, but we were able to comfortably split it between two. 6. Broccoli side dish - simple, yummy, but honestly I'd go for something a bit more unique. Don't waste the opportunity!TIPS:- There will probably be a wait. This place is hella popular. Still, don't worry! The staff is super friendly and responsible about getting people in.- This restaurant is more fun with more people. Prepare to eat family style!
MSG use! Shame! Even their famous tea leaf salad has MSG. You have to ask for MSG free option. Should other items do not have MSG free option. So be careful our enjoy the harmful chemical.
I love this place. Tip: call ahead and you'll be added to the wait list, no need to wait the whole time in line.
Today was the first time I experienced Burmese food, and it was delicious!First of all, we were sat right away. (We strolled in at about 2pm on a Sunday) Drinks:ginger lemonade -- perfect for me, I love a strong ginger taste. Sweet and tart!mango coconut juice -- thick and delicious.Appetizer:chicken samusas -- shredded chicken. don't think I would have missed the chicken if we would have opted for veggie. it had a bit of curry flavor, but not completely. something about the seasoning made it more mild and unique.Entrees:mango beef -- very tender! yum!vegetarian superstar noodles -- this was one of the specifically burmese items and it was great! very fresh. the menu doesn't say so, but they are chilled noodles. I definitely recommend this!crispy spicy chicken -- this had great flavor ("breaded" chicken with a flavorful sauce) but I thought the chicken was a little dry. I would choose something else next time.Jasmine rice was standard, but delicious. We were so happy that our server recommended some coconut rice too, it was great!Waters were always full, our server was very friendly, and the place was super clean. All in all, a great experience.
Good food, great service. The mix of people in the place made me feel like I was in another city, just for a moment. It's a welcome repose from the inner richmond fog.
Delicious - I am partial to certain dishes. The samosa soup and the tea leaf salad are divine!
Burma Superstar = Burma Superdeliciousness!1. call ahead of time and get your name on the list so you don't have to wait as long (expect at least a 45 min wait)2. order the rainbow salad. 22 different ingredients may sound a bit overwhelming, but once they mix it up and you dig in, it's amazing. fish sauce always sounds so grody, but tastes amazing!3. order the pumpkin shrimp curry. what's that you say? it's not pumpkin season? it don't matter. pumpkin curry is pretty much the most flavorful, delicious form of curry ever, and it also goes (randomly?) well with shrimp.4. order another veggie dish. we got the vegetable curry deluxe... it was ok. not bad by any means, just not nearly as memorable as the other dishes. they say it's the most popular veggie dish, but I'd definitely try something else next time.5. finish things off with chocolate/banana/jackfruit spring roles with coconut milk. i'm not sure which of the ingredients i just listed that does not have you salivating - so get to it!ENJOY!!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in nor cal in general. I was brought here by a friend and OH MY! DELICIOUS. Tea leaf salad is a MUST- it's very light and i love the lemony taste!The burmese noodle (sorry, i don't remember the names of the dishes except the tea leaf salad) is REALLY good too. Lamb curry with coconut rice... YUM... get that!I've tried the soup there- a lot of other people like it but i just think it's whatevers. Wasn't a big fan of the rainbow salad either. Tea leaf salad was FAR superior to me. I had this tofu tower thing. I think that was just ok, but obviously not that memorable. Parking is kind of hard- gotta drive around a bit to find a spot. But yeah.. CHECK IT OUT... soo good!
This place needs Restaurant Stakeout, the reality show to view what happens to help the owner.I arrived a about 10 minutes before the restaurant opened at 5pm.At 5 pm, there was a shift change and as the employees left, I walked in because it was cold out and I was hungry.I could hear a woman in the back shout "margarita time" and then making chatty small talk with a male staff member. I was completely ignored. It was a few minutes after 5 pm and I asked if I could please be seated. She said they were closed. I said that is was after 5pm and I'd like to just sit down and get out of the cold. She continued to be VERY rude. Her behavior was unacceptable and no customer should be treated so unprofessionally. A few minutes later another very friendly woman came out and said they weren't open. I told her it was after 5pm.Long story short, I was seated.I ordered the rainbow salad, a beer and a chicken casserole dish. I realized I would be too full after the salad and asked for the chicken dish to go. The salad was delicious.She was a very good waitress and professional.I live a few blocks away and immediately when I got home, had to go to the bathroom.My stomach has been upset since and am sure it is from the food.I know they had to close down a couple months ago because of E. coli. I'm sure I am fine but think their kitchen should be inspected.I decided not to eat my $17 casserole.My total with tip was $46. Not cheap for one person.
Good food, but the wait kills it for me.
This was my first time trying Burmese food so I can't really compare it to anything else. But if this is how it's supposed to taste, then I'm gonna have to check out more Burmese food.I had the tea leaf salad, vegetarian samusa soup, spicy chicken with fresh basil, and the nan gyi dok. With every dish, every flavor was tasted that was described in the menu.Don't forget to check in on yelp or facebook to get a free thai iced tea!
It's good, but not SOOO great that I would wait around for an hour to be seated at cramped tables and beg for water refills. The tea leaf salad is something to write home about as is the Catfish Burmese style curry. But beyond that, I don't really remember much about the menu.
I love this little stretch of Clement street, often over looked by locals,, and there are some GEMS to be found out here. Burma Superstar is one of those gem. I love their steamed Jasmin Rice, and their Sticky Rice with Mango, very yummy indeed!
This place is always packed-- and there's a reason for that! This food is amazing, and is an excellent opportunity to try new foods. The food is definitely worth the wait! I don't usually go for vegetarian options, but I ended up sharing mainly veggie dishes with my family and they were all amazing.
Finally made it here after a year of hearing how good it is, and it lived up to ALL of the hype!Wait was only ~40 minutes for a table for two around 7:30pm on a Thurs nightFoodWe tried the grilled calamari salad, which was delicious! Very fresh, and an amazing dressing that made the dish. Also had the Beef Kebat and the Mint Chicken, both were REALLY. With sides of rice to go with the entrees, there was more than enough food. Very generous portions.I would say the price is right on point. Apps for $4-$10 and entrees anywhere from $9 to $18It would honestly be a shame not to try it if you can. Very, VERY GOOD!
Samoosa Soup!
Tea Leaf Salad paired with a lychee martini!!! That combo was a mouthgasm!
There was a line forming outside about 15 minutes before they opened for dinner, so we figured we would check it out. Excellent food, good service, my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here and we will be coming back for more.
So over rated! It's like panda express all decked up. Mandalay, two blocks down is way more authentic if it's Burmese food you're looking for. But, if you want to wait the queue so you can say you've been here, then that's a different story.
Hails Yea. What a gem in the heart of Richmond. Didn't realize this restaurant was featured on Food Network until we were waiting 1 hour before getting seated, while everyone was raving about it outside during our wait. The food seriously speaks for the raves! Very impressed. Tasty and creative are just 2 words that really describe the food.- Rainbow Salad - *SERIOUSLY MY FAVORITE DISH HERE* They make it in front of you and its fun. Featured on Food Network. Salad made with 22 different ingredients. Four types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, dried shrimp, (or vegetarian) and a tamarind dressing.- Vegetarian Samusa Soup - Featured on Food Network and Bay Area Backroads!Even though it's vegetarian, this remains our most popular soup for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike.- Pumpkin Pork Stew - Tender pork stew slow cooked with kabocha squash and ginger.- Coconut Rice - Aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with fried onions.- Platha - Indian influenced pan fried layered bread.Drinks: - Ginger Lemonade- Mango Coconut Juice with limes
CALL AHEAD TO GET ON THE WAIT LIST! I called to ask if they took reservations and got a quick, "No." I wish I would have been told that I could call ahead to get on the wait list because when I showed up with a party of 4 at 8:30 on a Tuesday night, I was told the wait was 45 minutes. That turned into an hour. The food was great, but I would be hesitant to wait an hour again for it. Tea Leaf Salad was amazing and the Mint Chicken was delicious. Menu denotes which dishes are actually Burmese and the wait staff was very helpful with menu choices.
LOVED their Vegetarian Samusa Soup.
I love the salads here! However it's not worth the 1 hour wait time. By the time I got seated I wasn't hungry anymore.
I could easily eat the Rainbow and Tea Leaf salads every day. Seriously delicious!
Finally got a chance to try this restaurant! Came here on a Thursday around 7:30pm and the place was crowded. The wait time for two was 30 minutes. The restaurant was pretty small. No wonder the wait time was tough there and they don't take reservation. The service were very friendly, helpful and efficient. Everything on the menu sounds delicious but on the expensive side. We have ordered:Tea Leaf Salad - The portion was kinda big and all ingredient were fresh. One thing I don't like the dressing. It was kinda oily to mePlatha and Dip - It was multi layered bread served with a coconut chicken curry sauce. It was good. The curry was very different.Bun Tay Kauswer - Noodles with a curry sauce, split yellow pea, eggs, cabbage, and fried onions. The texture of the noodle was chewy. The sauce was flavorful. The portion was kinda small.Overall, the food was ok but kinda expensive and the wait was too long. I don't recommend this place for a date. It is very difficult to hear your date talking even he/she just sits in front of you because everyone talks loud there.
The tea leaf salad is a must! Actually everything on this menu is a must! The only negatives (and the reason for the 4 stars instead of the 5) are that it's such a long wait and that my friend accidentally spilled her drink like one minute into the meal and they wouldn't replace it for her without charging her for an additional drink. Maybe it's only me, but I thought it was standard good customer service to replace a spilled drink for free (it was her only drink, it's not like she was sloppy or anything -- just an accident). But overall this place is amazing and I will DEFINITELY be back!
I guess the food was okay except this place is majorly expensive and I'm not sure if the food is worth the price what's just say I did not have any leftovers I only came here once and I had the spicy dry Burmese noodles and the rose water desert I cant tell you if they were authentic, but they were pretty good
I am personally a bigger fan of Mandalay, but this was a solid restaurant with somewhat of a nicer ambiance inside. I can understand the hype that would lead to its sister restaurant B Star opening on the same street and would return!
This Burmese restaurant is very good. I went with a group of friends and there was plenty of food for vegetarians and carnivores alike.The salads and soups are excellent. Try the Tea Leaf Salad (order two if you are more than 3 people sharing), and the Samusa soup, which is described as "Soup made of bean base, curry leaf, broken samusa, lentil, crunchy yellow bean, cabbage, onion and mint leaf." It is excellent.I had the Pan Fry Okra Prawns which were very good, the okra is just lightly fried and the prawns were full of flavor.This is definitely a good place to visit whether you are a novice with Burmese cuisine or an expert, the staff is very friendly and accommodating.
Long wait but the food was absolutely fantastic! Good selection of bars in the area - they text you when your table is ready so no big deal about the wait!
WOW... who the hell wait in line for like 2 hours at 9PM at night just trying to get in here??!!but seriously some people do!!! crazy eh??!!Went on a Friday night... with 4 other friends...we let the waiter ordered for us (a friend knows him :)) and tried:Tea leaf salad - My first time ever and it was certainly love at first bite, garlicky, nutty, fermented-ly yummy,!!!Samosa soup - delicious and hearty, good for sharing (enough for 5 bowls)..Pork curry - the curry sauce was a bit too sweet for my liking, but certainly had a great flavorChilli Lamb - too sweet, not spicy enough, I felt that I could cook better one at homeChicken noodle in coconut sauce - my FAVORITE, it was very very good...try it to experience the magic!Steak kebat - it was nothing to write home about..one word.."sweet"Peashoot - good but you can easily find this exact same dish in most chinese restaurant without having to wait 2 hoursA shrimp dish - a bit too salty for my liking and I tasted some kind of a bitter after taste, weird!Coconut rice - a bit sweeter than the Indonesian version I usually have but it was delicious and a great compliment for all the dishes that we orderedA pitcher of White Sangria - refreshing but a bit on the weaker sideA pitcher of beer - light and refreshing, the waiter picked for us.. not sure which oneOverall, the food was good but not all the dishes were as spectacular the the wait. I really don't see too much of superiority that worth waiting 2 hours for dinner. The service was friendly but not attentive, typical asian restaurant I guess. I did like that the server helped us to mix the tea leaves salad and served the soup.Will I be back? Yes, but not in the near future.. I don't know if I would like to wait 2 hours for some rice and dishes type of meal..(or should I say any type of meal but the boiling crab?! lol)
This was my first time eating here. I heard many good comments about their food, so I had to try it out. I was able to find parking just around the corner on the street and there was no wait. The place got busy around 7pm.The food was delicious and unique on my taste buds! The dishes my friend and I ordered:* Tea Leaf Salad- The tea leaves with the crunchiness of the roasted garlic and peanuts were so unique. A MUST!* Chicken Tofu Kebat- Has a kick, but love the grill taste of the sauce.* Garlic Noodles w/duck-This combo was great and the softness of the noodles were just perfect.* Pork Curry w/ Potatoes- I didn't eat the pork (gave up eating pork), but ate the yummy potatoes and sauce. This reminded me of a filipino stew. The couple next to us ordered the same thing and thanked us because they thought the dish was great, too.These dishes plus rice on the side came out to $64 (incl. tax & tip). The service was very friendly, asked how we were and filled our waters constantly throughout the night. I totally recommend this place and would definitely go back to try their other dishes, too.
My favorite restaurant in the Bay.The perfect place to bring visiting friends/family so you can order a bunch of stuff and all get some.I've never had anything here that wasn't great, but my favorite favorite favorite is the Okra Tofu. (I wish they served this at the East Bay location)
The long line that this place has does not justify the quality of food that they serve. There are much better Burmese restaurants in the area.
Yup is good
Get the Spicey Basil Chicken with Coconut Rice. Yummmm!
Even though most rav about the tea sea leaf salad, which is really good but the rainbow (21 ingredient) salad, is a salad at a whole new level.
*i have never had Burmese food, so my friends decided to take me to Burma SuperStar to pop my Burmese food cherry. We put our names down (45 minute wait), went to Pizza Orgasmica for a few beers and watched the Broncos vs. Patriots game. By the time we were done with our beers, walked over to Burma SuperStar, they had a table ready for us! :)We ordered:Tea Leaf SaladCoconut Rice with Pork CurrySamusa SoupChili LambMy favorite would have to be the Chili Lamb *drooooool* it has a nice kick to it!I can't wait till my next trip to SF, I'll definitely return back to Burma SuperStar!
Food is amazing, service decent, wait for a table is ridiculous.....they don't take reservations so you have to try you luck and hope that the wait isn't too long. There is no space for waiting inside so you have to wait outside. They do have heaters and offer hot tea while you wait. There is also the option of giving them your phone number and they will call you when your table is ready. Which is a nice option and there are little shops and bars near by that you can go to while you wait. I will say that the food is worth the wait, the tea leaf salad and pork belly dish are a must. I've been here multiple time and order those two items every time. I highly recommend giving them a try, just be prepared to wait awhile for your table.
Great food, but a little too trendy. What you get, and what you pay for it, doesn't really excuse the long lines.
It's all about the Tea Leaf Salad!!! I flew from San Diego just for the Tea Leaf Salad
Worth the wait! Just give them your # and browse at Green Apple until they call you.
As a vegetarian, the menu was awesome because there were many many many choices. We shared the tea salad which was the highlight of the meal because the taste and texture were spot on. My partner (non veggie) had the lamb curry which was gone quickly because it tasted so good and I had the vegetable kebat...which was wicked spicy but in a good way. The tofu was cooked great - super firm and the mix of vegetables was perfect. For dessert we had the jackfruit banana chocolate spring rolls- which were good but the coconut ice cream was yummy! I'd go back over and over again which given the long lines is something that many people do too!
Came here after some genki crepe because there was no line (right before it opened) and we just couldn't pass up the opportunity. Had the rainbow salad which was light, citrus-y and delicious even though my breath smelled of garlic for hours afterwards. We also had the Burmese style lamb curry which was a little chewy for lamb, they used big chunks of the stuff and it wasn't slow cooked so it could have been softer but the sauce was delicious. The curry noodle was a nice blend that I hadn't had before. Why have I never thought to combine thai style curry with noodles?
I am a carnivore. I cannot eat a veggie dish or a salad without meat/chicken and be satisfied. Until I discovered the tea leaf salad.Flavorful. So many different textures. Just the right amount of heat. I can eat this without any meat and am completely happy and beyond satisfied. DELICIOUS!P.s. My review is only based on this salad since that's all I eat here. :)
What I ordered:Bun Tay Kauswer - coconut chicken curry flour noodle (A-)Tasty, savory, crunchy, and delicious If only I hadn't filled up at B Star Bar before I would have ordered seconds. The plate comes with each ingredient hot and separated, the waiter will mix your dish in front of you to ensure the freshest experience when you devour it - i actually inhaled it.The wait is long, the place is packed, it's uncomfortably hot, there's only one bathroom (which is unwise for a place serving curry) but well worth every moment. I went with a group of 5 and nothing we ordered disappointed.
All I can say is Chili Lamb with Coconut Rice. That dish was to die for. I felt like I was eating my way into a food coma. I mean sweet because of the rice and savory because of the chili in the lamb. The presentation was on par with the food. BEAUTIFUL. Lets not forget the tea leaf salad. Its light with a unique flavor. I came right at 11:30 and within 10 minutes it was full. The service is prompt and helpful. I wish the place was in Dallas because I would be a regular. Definitely a must on trips to San Francisco.
So I guess I came back here despite the spiciness. Three out of nine of us got there around 8pm? and placed our names down. They told us it would be an hour wait. We went to walk around and ended up at the Green Apple book store. I like it there but this is a review for Burma Superstar not Green Apple.Five other people of our party showed up so we went back to the restaurant where we had to wait another hour or something. -_- Okay it wasn't that long but it sure felt that long. We didn't get to the table until like 9.30pm. For nine people we ordered 8 dishes. We ordered the tea leaf salad- it was surprisingly good. it was very flavorful. Fried Yellow Bean Tofu- um its fried tofu. nothing super specialOh Noh Kauswer- noodle soup. the waiter served this for us. it was pretty good. Fiery Chicken with Tofu- I don't remember seeing tofu in this but it had string beans and I like string beans. This isn't that spicy. Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice- I liked the rice. I don't like chicken with the bone. I am too lazy to get the meat off of the bone. Nan Gyi Dok- noodles with yellow sauce. It looked better than it tasted. It tasted like mustard or something. Its sweet probably because of the coconut. Riblettes- This was really good. =] There was two other dishes. I don't remember. One of them was a curry. It was spicy so I didn't like it. The waiter service was really good. I was able to flag one down easily. One of my friends wanted the dessert menu and found that the dessert she wanted wasn't offered anymore. =[
I thought the overall quality of the food was good. It's just the build up of the establishment that lowered the rating in my mind. I understand there's a long line and the Food Networks been there, but the overall impression is just little above from average. Food wise I had: The tea leaf salad (it was just average), the samosas (better than the salad) and had lamb curry and something else for the main dish. Overall the quality of the food is 4 stars, but again I can't emphasis that this place isn't worth it for the lines. I think that's what really kills it.
They run an efficient shop that still manages to have a perpetual line, but the food will keep you coming back. This please exceeds the hype.
We waited an incredibly long amount of time to be seated but it was worth it.
I can't even fathom how one might capture all the flavors and delights of a meal this exquisite- especially when that meal that included 10 DISHES!! Yes, TEN. As a party of eight people, I think our only issues with dining at Burma SuperStar was being told our table would be ready in 10 more minutes...then another 10 minutes...then another.... we waited around 35 minutes longer than told, and then were rushed out of our seats close to closing so another tabel of 8 could be seated. Why didn't they hurry-up the people before us? I saw them pay their bill about 20 minutes before they actually left. Well, that wasn't enough to detract from the truly delicious food that we ate. Everything is excellent! Standouts:-Burmese Style Curry w/ LAMB-Pumpkin Pork Stew-Nan Pia Dok-Tea leaf salad***Call in advance to put your name on the list, but expect to wait an extra 20+ minutes from the wait time they tell you over the phone.
Dinner here on 24 june. The wait to get in (1 hour) was pretty daunting but we went down the street to kill some time. Food was great but I did OD on tofu a bit, The tea leaf salad was outstanding.
Hidden gem in the richmond, kinda pricy, but definitely worth it. Best asian food I've ever had hands down.
Burma SuperStar! The name says it all! Amazing food and excellent customer service. The parking sucks and the wait was a little over a hour for two people but it was totally worth it. By the end of the meal, I was beaming and rubbing my stomach from satisfaction. -Tea Leaf Salad was bursting with different flavors and textures. The waitress gave us a mini introduction on this infamous dish and that told us that the tea leaves were really imported from Burma! This dish is a must try!-Garlic Chili Shrimp was good but noting spectacular.- Pork Curry with Potatoes was amazing. Pork was cooked to perfection: juicy and tender. I don't believe it had any coconut in it, but definitely try it with the coconut rice. They pair well together.I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu!
I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time since it's pretty much on everyone's "must try" list. Showed up at 6:30PM on a Sunday evening--said it'd be a 30-40 minute wait and it only turned out to be 10 minutes (yay for people who just bounced). I'd say show up early because by the time we left, there were TONS of people waiting outside. Like every other first-timer, tried all their signature stuff that was featured in magazines, shows, etc.: Tea Leaf Salad - An assortment of goodies in this salad. It was nice to have a non-traditional salad. There's a LOT of nuts in here though so if you don't have strong teeth, this might not be the salad for you. Samusa Soup - Veggie soup which was savory since it was so cold out. The soup wasn't anything great but there were some crunchy textures in the soup that were pretty good. Pumpkin Pork Stew - This seemed kind of standard but the squash in here made it slightly sweet. Good with jasmine rice. It's kind of hard to follow a thick soup with a stew entre.Overall, it was good but I wouldn't say it was amazing. It's most likely because my expectations were really high. I don't think you'd be disappointed if you came and I'm glad I finally crossed it off my list. For me, this is just one of those places you try just to try and never come back to.
Tea leaf salad- nuff said.
Great, unique food.
My sister told me that if I ever find myself in San Francisco I MUST try this place that has a tea leaf salad. My first reaction was WTF. Tea leaves in a salad that is DISGUSTING. But m sister told me I HAD to try it and it would be the BEST thing I tasted in my life. So... Since I was back for the summer from New York I made a half day trip to SF and found myself in a tiny, beautifully decorated BURMESE restaurant. It is located on a street filled with many other Chinese, Burmese and Vietnamese restaurants. And parking is bit difficult if you come on a bad day. But other than that it is well worth the trip. We walked and was seated right away. We just took the last table and all the other ones were full. Right after us, a line started out the door. We were pretty lucky. The staff was SO nice. They were always smiling and excused themselves when they had to pass you. Ordering the Tea Leaf Salad was a given. I read the description which was vague, but they did detail that it was featured on the Food network channel, so it HAD to be good. They also had many other dishes featured on the food network channel. In addiction to the salad, we ordered platha and dip and Nan Gyi Dok, which is mild coconut chicken rice noodle curry with eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion.It was not long until our appetizer came out and we predicted that it would be like roti with curry at a regular thai place. It was similar, but not exactly like it. It was a lot thicker like a pancake and was fried. I didn't lie how it was so oily, but it was pretty good. The dipping curry was SO GOOD. I could have drank the bowl. Then the salad came out and it was all separated. The salad was on one side, then all the different seeds you can think of: sunflower, sesame, etc.. Plus cashews and the fermented tea leaves from Burma. The server mixed it for us right on the spot. He explained to us what every ingredient was. I tasted it and it was unusual and interesting. Interesting to the point that it was delicious!The noodles came out the same way, separated. Curry chicken on one side and noodles on the other. Server mixed it for us once again and it was delicious! Different from anything I tasted before. It reminded me of the noodles I eat with my mom's Chinese curry. I learned that Burmese food is a bit of Indian, Chinese, Loas and Vietnamese. It was different and good. It was a great experience! I would go back again to try more things from their menu (it was huge!) This place is really a MUST TRY! Around of 2000+ reviews the rating still stands strong at 4 stars. Make the trip if you need to!
This place is awesome! The staff are friendly and the food is great. I love the vegetarian sambusa soup. The pastry is crispy even after a few minutes in the savory broth! Can get pretty packed for weekend diners.
The food really is so delicious. Not much else to say :)
Ashamed I gave this place my business: insidescoopsf.sfgate.com
We came for the 5pm sitting since I was fasting for Yom Kippur. Thank god we did. The place was lined up already when we arrived at 4:50pm. We had all the usual dishes like everyone else--green tea salad etc. Amazing. This place deserves all the accolades. The food was cooked perfectly, all the dishes were blended beautifully and the service was on point (check my previous posts, I rarely say that) . If you can handle the supposed two hour waits or coming early...I highly recommend it
Excellent experience, great food. Went on a Friday afternoon around 2:30 and didn't have to wait at all, but the place was filled. They pushed a few dishes in particular, but we didn't try them. Great mango lassi and the tofu was excellent. My boyfriend is usually a picky eater but loved everything (even the mango pickled curry, gasp) and ate it all. Highly recommend, well worth the taxi ride if you're visiting the city
Three words. TEA LEAF SALAD.It was delicious. The description said "party in your mouth." I was skeptical but I had to order it. Many people rave about this place because of this specific salad so i had to see what I've been missing out on. Let me tell you, BEST SALAD I'VE EVER HAD. Been back a few times and this is always one of my orders. I tried many other things and they all tasted good as well.The only down side is that this place gets SUPER PACKED. It a very small place that can sit 20 people at most. You WILL have to wait for at least an hour to be seated most of the time during prime lunch and dinner hours. I just kill time by going to quickly's near by and they will call you on your cell phone when your table is ready.Good food. Worth the wait.
I finally got to eat here! I came here for lunch on a Sunday, and not only was there not a wait, they were only about three quarters full when we walked in. So getting here before 12:30pm pays off. The food was delicious! We tried the tea leaf salad, garlic chili shrimp, the beef kabat, coconut rice, and platha. The shrimp was quite spicy, but very good. Almost verging on too spicy to eat, but the platha and coconut rice helped damper the spiciness. The beef was tasty, and a better choice for people who can't handle spicy foods. The tea leaf salad was ordered on the suggestion of our server. It was a great suggestion! It's perhaps the best salad I've ever had! And slightly addictive. I'd come back just for the salad.I will definitely be back now that I know that the food is worth the wait and I've figured out the optimal time to come to avoid waiting.
Like this place needs another review, but here's my two cents....Tried the two famous dishes that were featured on food network: tea leaf salad and the vegetarian samusa soup. Loved the salad but didn't care too much for the soup, though my fiance liked it. The salad was light and refreshing, with a great mix of flavors. I could've ate the whole plate!  While the soup wasn't horrible, there was something about the flavor I didn't really care for.  Also tried the spicy chicken and that was deelish. Big, white chunks of chicken meat wrapped up in a light, spicy breaded coating.We came on a saturday afternoon, 30 minutes before closing (3pm) figuring we would beat the rush. We were surprised to still see maybe 7 people waiting before us but luckily it went by quickly and the wait was only 10 minutes. The restaurant was full but service was quick. Small yet quaint establishment with simple decor and attentive staff. I'd def. be back to try other stuff, the dishes at the tables around us looked deelish.Good luck finding parking on Clement Street. Otherwise, looks like you'll just have to circle nearby for an open spot. We just walked over from our hotel in Nob Hill.
I don't know what the hype is all about. It used to be Zagat rated, for crying out loud. Don't get me wrong: the food is good. It is just not worth the wait and the slightly high prices that come with popularity. Out on Clement, there are so many great places to go to that the food from Burma Superstar does not stand out.Standouts: Chili Lamb, Crispy Spicy Chicken, Pork and Pumpkin Stew.I like this place and if I wanted this sort of food again I would prefer to get takeout and eat it in the comfort of my home. (or someone else's; SOMA is far from this place!)
After hearing about this place for a while, I finally made it there with a bunch of my cousins and i must say it lived up to the hype. i had never had burmese food before this so i was a bit apprehensive because i wasnt sure what to expect but this was definitely a pleasant surprise. if you go there, you MUST order the lamb curry, sesame beef and superstar shrimp. those were by far some of the best dishes i have ever eaten. i also tried the tea leaf salad and samusa soup.in my opinion the tea leaf salad was overated. it was ok but i dont find myself ever ordering it again. the samusa soup lived up to more of the hype but still not as amazing as other reviewers make it sound. all in all, i found a new favorite restaurant to frequent everytime i visit SF :)
I love this place! I no longer live nearby, but I make trips over just to go to Burma Superstar. You can't go wrong with their sesame chicken, coconut rice, rainbow salad, mushu, samosas... or anything on their menu really! Soooo yummy!!!
Not bad.. not the best either... I d say pretty standard of what I ve come to expect from most thai/burmese restaurants..
Yeah, it actually does live up to the hype.And it turned me into a heretic.You see, it was Good Friday, and I went in with every intention of not eating meat. Then some awesome looking sesame beef arrived at our table.What happened there is between me and the lord. It was a holy experience.
Deep fried anything and everything is always delicious.I can't remember what dishes we ordered but I just remember it being all full of flavor and a great experience. Don't fret, I will be back and I will update with a more interesting and specific review. Just know you should check it out despite the lines.
Rainbow salad was ok. Loved the veggie kebat, very spicy though. Coconut rice with that was perfect.
This place is hands down my favorite place in all of SF. It has a good vibe and nice staff- but none of that matters...their food is out of this world. I probably come here once a week, and their Tea Leaf Salad never gets old. I crave it the very next day. I also always get the noodles with the chicken and curry sauce. There are a few different options and they are all good. Their drinks are yummy too- the burma cooler is one of my favs. I highly recommend this place. Just make sure you call ahead of time and put your name on the list-because the wait is unbearable and there is not much to do in that area.
AMAZING. Even better than Mingalaba on Burlingame Ave.The wait for this place takes a while, but not too long. Just make sure you don't get there later than 6. Nan gyi dok+ Moh Hinga!
One of my top favorites in SF!
great prices, great food... small though, so prepare for long lines. get the coconut drink, if anything, for the experience... but don't bring a 2 year old, or your coconut will wind up on the floor.
Burma SuperStar, that is what you are...(if only Mya would have sung these lyrics had she been of Southeast Asian Descent). Well noted chains such as La Victoria (San Jose) and Top Dog (Berkeley). You can't help but always go to the place where it started it all, to test the true potential of a restaurant/food spot. The quality and everything else should reign supreme above the rest of its cousins (or predecessors) That's what I figured, when my buddy Ms. Mabelline showed me around town, by bringing me here on her own friend's suggestion.Granted, I lacked the funds at the time to get a "full experience" (will try to in the future upon return). Therefore we ordered the following to get the nice intro feel:Drinks-1 Glass of Sangria (White for this day)Asian Pears, Oranges, and LycheeSalads-1 order of The Famous Food Network Highlighted (Yelp HQ, need to allow emphasis text options; Bolding, italicized etc.): Tea Leaf Salad; Consists of: Special Imported Tea Leaves from Burma (key ingredient), fried garlic bits, sunflower seeds, peanuts, roasted sesame, tomatoes, lemons, romaine lettuce and a bit of dried shrimpEntrees/Noodles-1 order of Garlic Noodles (w/ choice of Duck, Pork, or Tofu and Broccoli; opted for Duck) w/ flour noodles, fried garlic bits, and scallionsThe White Sangria, was fruity and refreshing for a parched throat. My buddy Mabelline appreciated it from it's sweet but subtle pear taste with the blend of orange and lychee, so for all the female drinkers. It's definitely a must when coming here. The Garlic noodles, is probably best described as Thai "Chow Fun" except the Duck was stingy in the proportion of meat to noodle ratio. Whereas the scallions, was also hardly present and on top of that a lot of the garlic bits were minced among the bunches of broccoli buried in the fat noodles.Now for the Tea Leaf Salad, what else can I say about it? Well the main ingredient that makes it a big hit as I've said before is the Tea Leaves. It serves as a foundation of oil and dressing for the rest of the salad to hold in harmony. The additional ingredients adds a mixed crunchy and 'spring-e" feel as if you were tiptoe'ing through the Burmese government's Garden of Eden. I've finally found the dish, that if i were to turn Vegan/Vegetarian this would be sustenance for the rest of my life. It sounds full of hype but I guess food network highlighted this particular dish for a reason, and it made me a believer in the process.Given the lack of a receipt and estimates on the entire experience. I believe we spent $30.00 plus tax and tip. So you're probably wondering... why no perfect rating? The tea leaf salad was excellent but I felt Straits (San Francisco) and Gyu-Kaku (Huntington Beach) did much better in their versions of garlic noodles. Therefore, it wasn't up to par as much as I've hoped for. Can't really compare the White Sangria to Lola Gaspar's (Santa Ana, Ca.) so no further commentary on that note. Nevertheless Burma SuperStar, at least you earned a four out of five in my book, cheers until a re-visit!
Definitely one of the best places to eat in the bay area! Tea leaf salad..5 stars alone!
the food was OK. my friend got sick so I wouldnt necessarily recommend thsi place. I give them 2 stars b/c I dont know what all the hype is about....
Delicious. Expect long lines.
The food here are ok but I don't like them to collect SF Mandated Fees from customers for health insurance expenses. There should be options for customers instead of mandated. For me, I get deducted from my every paycheck for health insurance so who's going to pay my full amount? Health benefits is supposed to be the responsibility of the employer and not the customers themselves. Thank you!
This place is a must-go! Go early because I've heard there is a line that forms. Fortunately for me, the lady and I never experienced a wait. We were seated right away and had seats next to the window.We ordered the soup which was vegetarian and let me tell you that is was amazing!!!! Rich, a bit spicy, crunchy and a swarm of delightful things going on in my mouth unlike anything I've ever experienced. SOLD on coming here again just for the soup.We also ordered the beef curry and coconut rice. The rice was very flavorful and good. The beef was okay. Next time, ordering the curry with a different kind of meat. The beef turns out tough to chew. Anyways, overall a great experience and there are more dishes to try since the Foodnetwork has mentioned dishes to try out!
Came here a little over a year ago and really enjoyed it. I got lucky and didn't have to wait long. I am way overdue for another visit!
Saw the rating and wanted to give it a try. Very disappointed. Long wait no service. The food is not even good at all.
Provided you are willing to wait for a table, this place is always a good bet. Rainbow Salad and those sweet prawns in the creamy sauce.
terrific!
The best
Burma Superstar and its sister restaurant B-star (I believe its called) are two of my most favorite places on this planet. Last time I was in San Fran, I went to B-star ... and swore myself to its tasty, mouthwatering, to die for dishes then ... but by humble persuasion, this time I went to Burma Superstar, having it been sworn to me that THIS WAS THE REAL DEAL ... and boy did it NOT disappoint. A must try is the Tea-Leaf Salad ... I wanted to cry at the tasty goodness that filled my belly. I am continually blown away by the flavors that these Burmese Superstars are able to concoct. It is a STAPLE for my San Francisco trips and it is the ONE place on this planet that I will recommend to everyone who wants to experience perfection.You must go. There is just no other way to say it or put it. You must go.must.
Excellent! So incredibly delicious! The parking is a total total nightmare, as is the wait, but like so many have said, it is worth it. The food is just amazing -- every bite dances on your palette ad you wish your appetite was endless! What a shame the restaurant is so small, they don't take firm reservations, and it is crammed in an essentially residential neighborhood and there is virtually no parking whatsoever. Again still very worth it. Recommendation: give yourself 30-40 minutes to find parking and walk over to the restaurant (you may end up 12 blocks away like I did!). Given the headache, it is incredible how positive we walked away -- just a testament to how good the food and service is! :)
Wow okay, I though NOPA was amazing enough 1500+ yelp reviews. I thought that was a record. But then I see Burma Superstar easily topped that with 1900+ reviews. Was in the area. Must try.I've had burmese food only one other time in Philadelphia, and really expect a mix between Thai, Indian and Chinese. If you're lost, ask one of the waitresses, they'll break it down for you.Tea leaf salad (9.5)- I always thought they would use fresh tea leaves from a tea tree for this salad. Instead the base vegetable is still lettuce, and sauteed tea tree leaves is only one component of the salad. Mixed with nuts, scallions, for a total of about 7 ingredients, this was not as spectacular as I expected, but still a must try. Lemon Grass Salmon (15.75)- A tad pricey for a piece of fish, but extremely well prepared. Perhaps because it is braised, it is not tough at all, but extremely smooth and cooked with just the right timing. The lemon grass sauce is enough to order extra rice to pour the sauce onto.pumpkin pork stew (12.75)- If you are fond of pumpkin, this is a high recommend. Stewed for a along time, you are left with a very nice pumpkin broth as well as pumpkin and pork. I thought the pork was overdone though, as if boiled through.yellow bean curry (9.75)- This is served with flatbread, that is more bread than roti. I would have probably preferred roti more as has a tastier butter feel to it. This was more just bread.fried rice (7.5)- Get the fried rice if you are already ordering rice for 4 at 2 dollars a pop. It is seasoned with burmese spices and comes out yellow. It is fried up with some beans and other ingredients. Makes for a nice addition.Their ingredients are all fresh and bought next door. Partway through we saw a cook walk through the door with bags of vegetables bought from nearby chinese street groceries. I definitely would recommend Burma SuperStar. It is not a cheap place. This menu for a group of 4, we had enough to eat, but was hardly stuffed. Also expect a wait, otherwise come early.I've heard so much about it, I'm glad I can finally contribute my Yelp to it. 4 big stars!
Food was the best one ever
Lived up to the hype, however the wait was ridiculous. Guess it goes with the territory. I'll frequent again :)
The food was good but not authentic Burmese. They use the same basic ingredients but cook it in a different way and add other things that make the final taste different from authentic Burmese food. So it's hard for me to praise this place like others did. The service is good. The people are friendly here. But I don't think it should have cost the amount I spent. It would still be fair if they knocked off $1-2 per item on the menu.
Great food /nice service and not that pricey. It's been a while since I was there, but the salad was awesome... especially since they mix it up.If I had to brave the hour long wait it would be a slight let down, but given that the couple of times I have come here on off peak hours and never waited its 5 star in my book.
Upon my arrival into San Francisco, CA - my friend picked me up from the airport and asked me if I'm a fan of Burmese food...he described it as, "The best parts and flavors of Chinese, Indian, and Thai food combined". Although I'm not a big fan of Indian food at all, I decided to give it a try. After all...this is my first time in San Francisco...and this will be my first and a very unique experience eating Burmese food.Burma SuperStar I give four stars.The Service was great. My friend and I were a little nervous since it was quite busy, the hostess said it would be a 20 minute wait but she got us seated in less than 10. Served water immediately, and greeted very kindly by our cute waitress who was very attentive to our needs and wants, she even gave some great suggestions. Also when our food was served it was done with care and courtesy as the wait staff stirred and placed/arranged the food nicely on our table. Throughout our entire night the waitstaff was promptly filling our water glasses and checked in on us. The food was the fusion my friend described to me. Everything was hot and yummy and served at a good pace. We ordered the Burmese Samusas*, Mango Salad*, Nan Gyi Dok*, Chili Lamb*, and some Chimay Triple to drink. All were delicious - however the only reason I deduct a star because everything was a bit on the spicy side, which if I was a spicy food fan I'd give the place 5 stars...but next time I go I will ask them to not put as much chili peppers in the dishes. Other than that, food was wonderful - best part it didn't leave me with a greasy feeling at all. Also try the coconut rice as an accompaniment to any entire!The atmosphere was cozy, intimate but just had a nice comfortable setting. I was in there with my sweats and T-shirt from flying on a plane all day and I didn't feel weird. The waitstaff keeps a friendly mood in the place and everyone there is smiling. A very satisfying first dining experience in San Fran!
I'd say the food here is pretty good. I might rate the food itself 4 stars, but the wait is just flat out ridiculous most of the time and just not worth it for the food. It's good but not THAT good.
This place is classic. I've been to their restaurant in SF and in Oakland. I prefer Oakland since the food is just as good, but the line a bit shorter. It's all about the tea leaf salad!
Something about southeast asian food makes me content with everything but never wows me. Burma superstar is the same, they have a good array of spices and delectable dishes but since the wait here is gigantic, never seems worth it.
This was my first time having Burmese food so I was pretty pumped and after the over hour wait I was expecting spectacular. The wait is one of the reasons for the 4 stars... They don't do reservations or call ahead so you have no choice but to wait. Also, once we had a table, they actually asked us to move after at least 5-7 mins of not being waited on. However, I absolutely loved the rainbow salad and the Sumosa soup. The salad was super compels with 22 ingredients and featured on the Food Network. My sister thought it needed some spice, which def would have been a great addition. My favorite was the Sumosa soup (also featured on the food network). It was warm, delicious, comforting, and definitely filling! One of the best dishes I've had and definitely the best soup I've ever had. We also ordered the Shan noodles with tofu, which were really nothing special. Kinda bland. We wished we had ordered the tea leaf salad instead... Also looked amazing and was another food network featured dish. So overall, amazing food if you order the right dishes. Must include that we were only ordering vegetarian dishes, which definitely limited our choices.
Tea leaf salad is interesting. Dislike it at first but then fell in love with it afterwards.
That day, It's about 3 pm when I passed it, I was so glad to see nobody wait outside. I came in, and the restaurant was almost full of people. Fortunately, I got a table, and I ordered one curry noddle which mixed with peanut, lettuce, lemon, shrimp, and curry but not spicy. It's good, and the waitress suggested me to taste the Tea Leaf Salad next time. I think I will. But there are always many people await. You should be have much time or go to there in the late afternoon.
With over 2000 reviews, you know this place has to be good - and it was indeed. We found street parking pretty easily since it was before the dinner rush (~5.30pm) and were seated right away. I ordered the Nan Gyi Dok, which was unlike any other asian dish I've had before - the mix of the boiled egg with Burmese noodles (that reminded me of spaghetti) and coconut curry sauce was really interesting. Also tried the Burmese Style Curry with lamb, which was tender and delicious. Service was awesome - our water glasses never went empty and the waiters/waitresses were fast and friendly. Everylhing ran like a well oiled machine. I also liked how they mixed up the dishes in front of you when they bring them out - added an extra touch to the experience. The only downside was that the restaurant was crowded - which I guess is somewhat expected since its such a popular spot. We drove by later at night and there was a long line out the door, so go early if you don't want to wait!
MY MENU PICK: Coconut rice.SUMMARY: Meh. The food was good, certainly not bad, and fun to eat, but in a word, I think this place is overrated. No reservations and a long wait. However, if I think about whether or not I would take a visiting friend back to show them "the real San Francisco," I would - hence, the 3 stars.FOOD: If you want authentic Burmese food, this is NOT the place to go (instead, pick Mandalay a few blocks away, which was Michelin Guide-recommended in 2011). The tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and stews tasted pretty good, but was definitely catered to more Western tastes. Everything had the same overall flavor: sweet and garlicky. After tasting these flavors, I can see why they would appease a general audience, but there was no real innovation among the dishes.The coconut rice, though, was fantabulous and had a wonderful aroma!AMBIANCE: A bit dated (and very... brown-ish) for such a popular hangout, in my opinion. They would benefit with a hipper update to their decor, like they did with their sister restaurant, B Star Bar (just down the street), which was more upscale, fresh, and clean.
A friend recommended this place to me. When I looked it up on Yelp, I knew I had to go. So I visited on a Sunday around 3pm. They close at 3:30pm. We didn't have to wait long for a party of two, but every seat was filled when we initially walked in.The service was excellent. The waitresses were extremely friendly. My boyfriend ordered the sangria. It was a white wine sangria today with the fruit mentioned on the menu. He said it didn't taste like anything special. It was literally white wine with fruit thrown into it.The food... OHMYGOD. I had high hopes after browsing through some Yelp reviews, and Burma SuperStar delivered! We started with the Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad. We couldn't decide which one so we got them both! But I have to say, I loved, loved, LOVED the Tea Leaf Salad. I've never tasted anything like it before! The flavors were bold yet harmonious. I should have started with the Rainbow Salad first because it tasted almost bland in comparison.For the main dish, we ordered the pumpkin shrimp curry with coconut rice. The rice was amazingly fragrant and paired perfectly with the curry. The shrimp was so tender. I would definitely get it again... After I've tried everything else on the menu!Our meal came out to be $52 for two so it was on the pricy side, but my tummy was utterly satisfied. I'm still full seven hours later!
3.5 stars for the food, and +0.5 for the excellent (and humorous) service.Came here with a group of friends on saturday night - wait was 90 minutes - par for the course given their rep. This was my first time eating Burmese food, so I can't say anything on its authenticity - only that the food we ordered was pretty good!We tried the tea leaf salad (of course) and the rainbow salad. I liked both very much, but favored the rainbow a bit more cuz of the noodles, crisp flavors, and fried garlic chips. But both were excellent. The beef curry is a definite comfort dish - not anything amazing, but just good food, and the garlic noodles were nice with a kick of spice, although I still prefer the super garlicky ones at PPQ.
4.75 stars!!! I'm eating Burma Superstar leftovers as we speak....I cannot believe I never tried this place until now! Tea Leaf Salad -salad with imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp, sliced fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts, and split yellow peas. Server mixed all the ingredients at the table....this salad was incredibly tasty and crunchy. Tea leaves were subtle and not overpowering.Burmese Samusa - curry spices, potatoes - just like the Indian Samosa with more mild curry flavor.SuperStar Noodles - rice noodles with tofu, cucumbers, potatoes, chili sauce, dried shrimps, cabbage. Noodles were cold and had good flavor but it was a little bit on the spicy side so I couldn't eat much.Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice - braised chicken and shrimp buried in a clay pot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts. If you haven't noticed by now, I LOVE cardamom...cardamom ice cream, cardamom tea, cardamom cinnamon rice....mmmm! This was definitely saucy, meaty, and oh soo good. My favorite dish besides the tea leaf salad.I also had a Ginger Lemonade - ginger wasn't too strong, just the right amount.OMG I can't believe that Genki, King of Thai and Burma Superstar are all in the same area...and I tried them all in one weekend! What a trifecta of delicious food...
It's funny how we ended up sampling more dishes than we ordered as we shared dishes with our highly engaging neighbors on the next table! More on that later. So this buddy and I decided to drive down and meet in The City to try the "SuperStar" that everyone (ok, an exaggeration) has been talking about. Our initial "45 minutes wait" turned into an ordeal as 45 turned to 60 and 60 turned to 90 but still no table. What's with the San Franciscans with a million people waiting to get into a restaurant on a Sunday evening? Finally after a 100 minute wait his name was called upon which another patron, in levity, rushed in with a "ah, at last!" to which I tut-tutted and called his bluff with the well-known index-finger wave :-) Once seated we ordered the Vegetarian Samusa Soup and a plate of chicken Samusa for the appetizers. The entree was the "Spicy and Crispy Chicken," and the traditional Burmese (their words, not mine) "Chicken Dahl" with a side order of Jasmine rice. ~ The soup was hearty, filling, and full of flavor with the Samusas and what seemed to be like falafels weaving their textural bag-o'tricks on the palate. We thought it was a single-serve portion but turns out it was a huge bowl enough to serve 4 (!!!) which was fortunate, in hindsight, as we shared it with our aforementioned friendly neighbors at the next table.~ The chicken samusas' were pretty good; the wrapper was crispy like that of a puff-pastry and the spices in it's potato-chicken filling was very much like that of an Indian samosa. ~ The Chicken Dahl is a chicken curry cooked with lentils. I like the way it was spiced as it was very homely; my only grouse would be that hint of sweetness which was not exactly to my liking --- but that's just me! ~ The spicy and crispy chicken was decent though it was reminiscent of traditional chinese fare; good, but no cigars! So we didn't order the oft talked about tea leaf salad but happened to sample it when I casually mentioned to the two girls on the next table that their "dishes were really colorful". They good-naturedly insisted I try it and lo and behold, I tried some of it and it was pretty good; though I am not sure I'd rave about it as a lot of others have been. We had a boatload of soup that was enough for all four of us and then some. The exchange of ideas and food then flowed freely between our two tables as shrimps, vegetarianism-pescetarianism-veganism, chicken curry, humane treatment of livestock, salad, intensity of harvard business school (and how "they don't share food"), spicy n crispy chicken, as well as the hint of envy that one of us wasn't working the next day criss-crossed each other on their way from one table to the other. But I digress from the review; suffice to say it was a very entertaining evening.As neither of us has any room for dessert, we had to forgo it which probably means an update is in order in the near future.After all is said and done, the food was good but it wasn't wait-90-minutes good. My expectations were raised a little too high by the raving reviews so I'd have to say it is "Overrated" The desserts will have to wait for another day --- provided I wait for no more than 15-20 minutes (but good luck with that!)
Delicious Burmese food at a crazy reasonable price.PROS: I don't really set foot in the Inner Richmond unless it's to go to Burma Superstar (with a dessert run across the street at Genki Crepes). The service and food is always excellent whenever I visit. There's really not a bad dish on the menu. I ALWAYS get the tea leaf salad and samusa soup and rotate through the entrees. Their specialty cocktails are also surprisingly refreshing.CONS: THE WAIT IS INFAMOUS. Either get there crazy early before the place opens or try your luck, but be prepared to wait. And make sure your whole party is there cause they don't play around with their "No seating unless the whole party is there" policy.
My wifey went yesterday and the leftovers were impressive.They had a few items for me to sample - Pea Shoots in a garlic sauce, Sticky Fingers Spareribs, Tan Poi Burmese rice and another excellent greens dish.If the leftovers are this good I can only guess as to how yummy the rest of the menu could of been. Next time I am in San Francisco, I will be heading to Burma Superstar to sample the offerings.
[M]ona: 3.5 Stars[W]ayne: 3 StarsAverage: 3.25 Stars+ Friendly Service- Pricey- Overrated[M] I've wanted to visit Burma SuperStar for the longest time! My interest in Burmese food began when my coworker Sandra brought her homemade TEA LEAF SALAD to our work potluck and ever since then, I've been hooked! :D So we came on a weekday and made sure there wasn't any wait before we headed in. Wayne and I ordered the 5 piece SAMOSAS, TEA LEAF SALAD, WALNUT SHRIMP, and a COCONUT RICE. [W] They have good SAMOSAS. [M] Uh... Momo disagrees, but baby got me THAI ICE TEA to shut me up... =_='' Anyway... the SAMOSAS were flavorful but had a weird texture and not to mention the funky after taste to it. The curry flavor was too strong in my opinion.The TEA LEAF SALAD wasn't nearly as good as I expected. After reading pages of reviews from Yelpers praising about how good it is, it was kind of a disappointment to us. I would have liked it more if it was more spicy and crunchier like the one my coworker Sandra makes. The WALNUT SHRIMP was probably the best dish out of the 4. The sauce was creamy and the sweet. The shrimps were pretty plump too! Just thinking about it makes me salivate Mmm~ Would definitely come back again for that! :3COCONUT RICE was delicious and was my favorite out the 4 dishes! It tasted as good as it smelled. Had a nice fragrant coconut aroma and was sprinkled with roasted coconut flakes on top. Great deal for only $3!Overall, the food here was just okay, and the service wasn't too bad either. I really don't see what the hype is about this place though. I'm hoping we just ordered the wrong dishes so we WILL come back next time to give Burma SuperStar another try. As for now, we will stick with 3.25 Stars.
I used to live right around the corner so I've been here a few times. Of course, there's that long wait, especially if you're in a party of four or more but it has always been worth it. Everything I've tried has always been delicious but my favorites have been the Lamb Curry and of course the Tea Leaf Salad. But really in my experience and sharing meals between friends, you can't go wrong with much.
One of my favorites! Tea leaf Salad is delicious!
4.5Like this place needs another glowing review... but I will go ahead and give it. First off, the only reason this place doesn't get the full 5 stars is because it's so dang far from what I would consider centralized SF, and also the wait can be painful. The first time I went here we waited for 2 hours to be seated. But.. I would say well worth it.Best dish is the tea leaf salad. Rare to find and impossible to make yourself apparently. All the web searches for Burmese tea leaves were in vain. If you haven't tried it, might sound a little weird, but all the flavors blend together so well. The rainbow salad is also unique, but in my opinion not as good.Coconut rice is amaaazing, and goes well with all the delicious Burmese style curry. I will admit that a lot of the menu is nothing special, but overall a very good restaurants and one of my SF faves!
Definitely a new favorite. Try the fried catfish curry. Call in advance though because it gets packed.
Great food, just a bit of a long line!
Cool little restaurant that gets CROWDED fast!Another reminder: they don't take reservations...With nearly 3000 reviews, I'll just get with it:-Burmese Samusas: golden fried delicious and puffed goodness-Rainbow Salad: YES it does have 22 different ingredients (I counted...)-Riblettes: Tangy and sweet, but they are chopped real small (not advised if you are on a date)-Garlic Chili Shrimp: we asked if they could cook this extra-hot (they did...)Good average meal...Tough wait time...Luckily, Clement Street was entertaining that day...
Sambusa soup is to die for. What else can I say.. Love this place. Want to give 4.5 star.
I can only wonder why it is not possible to eat here every day for the rest of my life... or is it?
Tea leaf salad. None of the ingredients are sophisticated on their own, but the taste they achieve with a combination of the fresh greens and fermented green tea dressing is as sophisticated as it gets.
Take-out: such a good idea for this place (wow, almost typed Palace, Freudian slip?). Burma SuperStar always has a line out the door. And considering that the location isn't particularly appealing, why not just skip the line, grab the food, and eat in the comfort of your home? Well for a few reasons: 1. you might not like your home, 2. you might be on a date and want to impress the other with your ability to get a table here, or 3. you might enjoy being served by lovely waiters and waitresses every once in awhile. Considering that none of these apply to me, however, I'm a huge fan of the SuperStar takeout. When I walk out of Burma SuperStar, right past all those people waiting outside in the cold, with a bag full of food in my hand, I bet they wished they had considered this option... because it truly is a great one. It's a little sad, and yes, I feel a little guilty, but maybe one day, they too will call and place an order, and not have to wait in the cold. Fantastic Things: 1. I rarely have to wait more than 20 min from the time I call in an order to when the food is ready. 2. The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and have never messed up an order. 3. The quality of the food is not impaired due to takeout related complications.Best things to order: Samusa soup, tea leaf salad, garlic broccoli, pumpkin shrimp, and basil chicken. Yum!
My favorite restaurant in SF - this is where I always stop after a trip to the beach - if nothing else then for the tea leaf salad and coconut rice. Best to show up on off days or right at 5 when they open.
I love Burmese food but given the wildly disparate interpretations found at every Burma Spot I've ever been to, I can't really say I'm entirely certain what Burmese food really is. I was assured on the plane here by a young lady that grew up in Myanmar that Superstar was the most authentic Burmese one could find outside of her mom's kitchen, and so I elected to give it a shot.DAYYYUM! I've had precious dining experiences where each course blew away the one preceding it, but towards the end of the meal I was practically bouncing up and down in my seat..The fermented tea salad as a starter was good. Just "good." But extremely interesting - a very crunchy medley of picked green tea, peanuts, sesame seeds, fried garlic, dried shrimp, and a bunch of other equally Asian stuff.Let's move on from good to amazing. Very reasonably priced entrees ranging from very light, sweet and spicy rice noodles, to dark, savory curries. Coconut infused sticky rice or long-grained Basmati (sort of Lebanese style fried with cloves, onions and white raisins) make for interesting flavor combinations with the main dishes and are truly good enough to eat on their own. I'd make specific recommendations based on the four entrees we shared, but given that everything was perfect I can't help but feel I'd be discriminating against other equally good, untried menu items. Maybe I'll do so if I'm mad enough to return for lunch.Desert definitely ranked superstar. Three types of Mitchell's ice cream over fruit in various tropical flavors - mango, Coconut, etc.. I couldn't believe just how vanilla-ey the vanilla ice cream was before being informed that it was actually "jackfruit."Our waiter, a recent Berkley grad who immediately clocked our country of origin told us interesting stories about his various travels (without being obnoxious) before informing us that desert was on the house.Come early, come late, or wear comfortable shoes and possibly a raincoat for a long wait in line... Apparently the place is smashed out during regularly dining hours and my party was forced to eat at a sort of narrow, elevated table/bar. I hate myself for loving the trendy new kid in town, but I reluctantly raise my glass to Burma Superstar. You deserve your success.
I kind of want to give this restaurant 4 stars because of how hard it is to get in. Last time I ate in, we waited well over an hour on a monday night. Here's the secret: take out. It's not worth waiting an hour to eat there, when you can call and pick up your food 30 min later. (and luckily i live a 15 minute walk away!)Anyways, the food. This is why it gets five stars. SAMUSA SOUP. I LOVE YOU SAMUSA SOUP. Chunks of samosa in a fantastic... kind of spicy warming broth. I can't describe it. It's unbelievable. Other must haves are the mint chicken, fiery beef, and some of the coconut chicken noodles. The fried yellow tofu appetizers are great. But really, get the samusa soup. Also, the basmati rice tastes like coca-cola.
Love this place. Just hate the wait!
Delicious underrated rainbow salad! We also had the Superstar Shrimp (just okay), Dried Fried String Beans, Garlic Noodles, and Pork Belly. The wait wasn't as long as people say. I'd totally return and try more things.Parking around the area is really shitty however, so either have patience or good parking karma. Fortunately some of the meters after a certain hour are free.
What can I say that hasn't already been said in 4,000+ reviews. Oh well, I'll try anyway:-long long wait. 1 hr 45 min on a Sunday at 6pm. -tea leaf salad was tremendous. So much flavor. -samusa soup is a must. Such great texture. -chili lamb was also a winner. Perfectly sliced (thin) and seasoned meat with coconut rice. One of the best meals I've ever had. Lives up to the hype.
You may have to wait, but it's sooooo, worth it! Go early to get a table without waiting. it may be crowded and small, but an SF establishment not to be missed!
More hype than great quality. It was ok but the servers and greeters were kind of rude. I'd be willing to try again if I was in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Everyone loves this place. Great unique Eastern cuisine served with a smile. The line always goes out the door so it's best to go during unusual times (ie not at noon or seven pm)
BURMA- unimpressed... for all these raving reviews.. i expected somehting amazing but everything about the meal was just okay... The currys... aren't any better than your typical good indian or thai joint... however they do rock a mean tea leaf salad.. hands down the only dish that i can understand the rave... but definitely if you're coming here get the lamb / beef stew which had very soft meat.
As usual, the food here is epic! The wait is the only downside, though they have a great process where they get your name a phone number for the waiting list. You can go hydrate with your favorite beverage at a nearby establishment, and you just need to get back to the restaurant for your table within 5 minutes of being called: GENIUS!!Of note are the Tea Leaf Salad (and I hate tea normally), pumpkin pork stew, and the Burmese Chicken Casserole. Service has been solid at all three locations and I have not detected a difference in the food between the locations either.
I am totally a fan. The wait is long, the space is tiny, the food is great. What more can I say? It's worth the wait.
Just unbelievable food and service !. I do not leave SFO without a little Burma Super Star in my stomach. Just Delish.....
yum yum yummy ...The place is small but wonderful food is created here .I had basil chili pork belly (naughty)and platha bread w/curry sauce highly recommended ,as well as ,the Burmese rice salad No I did not eat all of this by myself .My family helped .I believe what ever you order you can't go wrong .Service was fast and polite Very close to GG park . Parking is at a premium. I will be hitting the one in Oakland next .
yayy so good
I haven't had a lot of burmese food, so I admittedly don't have much to compare this to. But we loved the tea leaf salad and the pumpkin curry and will definitely be back to try more dishes. We weren't a fan of the lamb curry because the meat was very dry. Be prepared for slow service and looooooong waits.
overhyped, super cramped. Food was ok, the tea leaf salad was ok but wasn't anything earth shattering. everything else was like some sort of melange of vietnamese/malaysian food. I wouldn't stand in line for this place.
A wonderful little gem in Daly City! Tea leaf salad is fresh and delicious. They bring the salad out with all the toppings arranged separately on the plate and then toss the salad in front of you. A great place to bring visiting family and friends. We always recommend it to people looking for a great place for dinner in DC area that isn't a chain.
The challenge is to be able to eat here. It has such a cult following that you may find yourself waiting outside for a couple hours for dinner. Everything is at least decent but their shrimp was a bit oily and gave me a stomach ache. Avoid that and make sure you get the samosas and tea leaf salad...Their tea leaf salad is my favorite salad anywhere! Can't say enough about that.Due to the ridiculous wait, I opted to start taking out only. It's not the smoothest because the place is small and servers are busy (getting through everyone waiting outside on the sidewalk is tough enough!), but it sure as hell beats waiting. If you can do that instead, be like me and take out your tea leaf salad.
This review is going to turn abrasive damn quick, so if you are a loyal fan of this chain, I suggest in your interest that you cease reading. [Appropriately caveated. Here we go]Lupe Fiasco said: If you are what you say you are, a Superstar,Then have no fear, the crowd is here.The audience ain't fazed & they ain't gonna clap & they ain't gonna praiseThey want everything back that they've paid'cause they've been waitin'(!)You know, arrogance can be a turn on at times. It can make you Kim Kardashian's baby-daddy. But allow me to articulate, what the face of arrogance looks like on a business rather than on a steel jaw. It looks like shitty, disrespectful customer service that makes the customer sense a devaluation of his time & depreciation in his patronage. Less verbosely put, I witnessed arrogance manifest itself at Burma Superstar, & its sister locale, B Star Bar.A No Reservations policy is fully acceptable. Such is the developing trend in thriving restaurant industries at destination metropolitans; even here in the District of Columbia, more & more restaurants implement the 1st-come-1st-serve policy, unless it's Barack O. himself, & that too only because the logistics of the impending motorcade make it necessary to have a guaranteed table at the President's restaurant of choice on date nights. Ladies & gents, if you think I am bitter because I had to wait, you are sorely mistaken. I know how to wait. I do it all the time. I am a bruncher - I can wait for 2.5 hours on a Saturday hung-over like wet linen on a clothesline just to ensure that I get the best Bloody Mary in town with my benedict. I view the Waiting like an act of Penance for my gluttonous relations of the night before, with alcohol or a fellow alcoholic. I am a beast that likes to feast, an ambush-predator of sorts who nurses her hunger to enhance the feeding experience, I am known for planning meals at joints that require you to book two Saturdays in advance just because the anticipation promises a level of satisfaction even if the food is mediocre. What this rant translates into is that I put great value in the old adage: Patience is a virtue. Or, more generationally applicable: Waiting is my jam. In fact, I have it tattooed under my left breast.December 29, 2012: It was a beautiful day in San Fran. The sunrays, unobstructed by clouds, were turning the copper hues of the fictitiously Golden Bridge into real gold; an alchemist's dream-come-true. I was happy then. The joy in my heart betrayed itself through the 28/32 tooth smile I was flashing to all the hipsters in Hayes valley. Then the five of us decided to go to Burma Superstar. We called to find out that they don't take reservations but that if we arrive at said time, we would be seated. Upon arrival, & post a 30-min wait before being acknowledged, we were told we could not be seated for 2 hours. We were detoured, the personnel at Burma Superstar called B Star Bar, who verified that the wait there was only 30-min. We conceded. We walked the block to find the wait was actually an hour. We conceded again, & went to get wine at Q-bar. We returned in exactly an hour. We waited another 20-min before being acknowledged (I felt like a needy, twinkle-eyed Taylor Swift, pining for attention from my newfound object of affection. I nearly wrote a guitar melody right there!). We were told that there was another hour on top of the wait we had just braved. Dumbfounded, I staggered backward. It felt like someone had ripped my tapestry of hope with a sharp dagger. I succumbed to the shock of rejection momentarily. Then I came to my senses & politely informed the host, who was clearly affiliated with the restaurant ownership & did not think it necessary to lend me a listening ear, of all the waiting that had already been endured. Sympathetic, a waiter advised the host that it was in the best of courtesy to seat our party, but the words of the wise often fall to deaf ears. I reiterated that significant time had elapsed & requested to at least be bumped to a shorter wait-time but was unapologetically informed "1 hour". I asked to be removed from the list, & we are never ever ever going back to eat there again (to the tune of Taylor Swift). The utter disregard has me engulfed by a fiery rage. If they fed every starving homeless person in SF, they could not convince me that they aren't vultures of business. So impassioned, I registered for this account solely to write this review, & if my disappointment fails to subside, I will register 4 new accounts to write 4 additional bad reviews. If the taste of revenge is still too tart, I will pay out reviewers to write bad reviews & rig the rating for this restaurant.Cause I've been standin' in this line for like five whole days Me & Security ain't getting' along& when I got to the front, they told me all of the tickets were gone(Don't) Eat That!
i haven't been here in a long time, but i still remember how delicious their samosa soup was.there can be a long wait for this place so it may be a good idea to come a bit early.
I love Burma Superstar. the food is declious and the atmosphere is fun. Always bring guests here and we always share plates. Its more fun that way. The only downside is is its always packed! Even their offshoot down the street is constantly packed. So worth the wait!
If you're visiting SF without a car, this is a little far.Nonetheless, it was one of my favorite dining experiences.Burmese food is pretty hard to find in southern California, so I definitely make it a point to stop by here when I can.The tea leaf salad has to be one of the most unique culinary moments of my life-seems hard to duplicate those flavors.For those willing to try something a little different, this is certainly a recommendation.
Closest to being in Myanmar, but with much better weather.
So freaking good, they made the salad in front of me, they talked to me and made me feel welcome, they did a great job in getting the food out quickly after ordering, the service went above and beyond to ask about our travels. The Shrimp dish we got was amazing, it was one of the better shrimp dishes i've ever had, The beef Curry was full of the delicious thick flavorful beef.Next time i am in SF i am for sure going back
much of the menu is tasty, yea, but pretty greasy. lines are often long to get a table. service is pleasant and accurate, but can be slow at peak meal times.still, it's hard to deny how the fried yellow tofu appetizer is pretty damn dank.an excellent alternative exists 3blks away, Mandalay on California.
Tasty goodness...go, you'll like it.
Be prepared to wait! Loyal customers show up early to line up and grab a seat in this tiny restaurant. It has pretty standard prices and it's a good place to go if you want to try something new, as most people haven't had Burmese food before. I asked my Burmese friend how she liked the food here and she approved, so that must mean something! It's almost like Chinese, Thai, and Indian fusion cuisine, as they have things like Burmese samosas, things with peanut sauce, as well as sesame chicken. I ordered their Burmese style curry and thought it was alright. In retrospect I regret not going with the hype and trying out the tea leaf salad...perhaps during my next trip. My friend ordered the eggplant and really enjoyed it, but she's crazy about eggplant so I'm not sure how biased that was. We split an order of coconut rice, because the entrees don't come with it. My suggestion is to stick with the things people mention here on the Yelp reviews...the rest of the menu seems mediocre. Three stars tentatively for great service and atmosphere despite the crowds. Will update later.
Really tasty food and great service. My water glass was never empty. I got the sesame chicken (felt like keeping it classic) and was not disappointed, but wasn't blown away either (therefore 4/5). I had enough left over to make it into lunch the next day as well after they boxed it for me.
I have Dates with Andre there.
Tasty but when I'm hungry I can't be bothered to wait. The last time I was at Burma I was seated fairly quickly but it took forever for the food to arrive.
i've been dreaming of the tea leaf salad, sesame beef & coconut rice since March. They need to open one in The (actual) City stat!
Overpriced Burmese food and many dishes are Chinese dishesDishes are small and tables are small for 3 to 4 people.Tea leaf salad - 4 starsSamusa Chicken - 2 stars (where is the chicken?) Used egg roll skin over the 'real' doughChili lamb - 3 starsBun tay kauser - 2.5 stars ((flour noodles, chicken curry coconut )Pumpkin shrimp - 2 stars (nothing special about this dish)
Once upon a time, a really wise man said: the joy of being in a line is not less and less people ahead of you, but more and more people after you. Haha, definitely true for Burma Star.While we looking at the menu, one man kept mumbling "awesome awesome food! " on his way out. This just raise up our expectation so much!Tea leaf salad is so goooooood, and the portion is generous too! The curry lamb is divine! I can't even remember last time I had lamb. We also ordered pumpkin shrimp, so fresh and so pumpkin! I was once hesitant about ordering pumpkin shrimp, because I am so afraid of some weird tastes in the dish. But I am glad I overcomed this. It is totally worth it.I would say the same thing as that man. Awesome, awesome food!
The food was almost perfect the first time we went there. Second time the quality and taste of the food deteriorated a little bit. Two weeks ago, I went for the third time with 2 friends. Waiting was an outrageous one hour even though the waitress was very good. The food didn't taste nearly as good as the last two times. Price was quite expensive comparing to similar restaurants in the city. It felt like the same old story where very successful restaurants tend to degrade in everything after a while. Probably won't go back there for a long time.
Its hard to get a table, but the food is well worth the wait!
The food here is SOOOOOOOOOO good!We ordered:-Tea leaf salad - a must try! The fermented tea leaves added flavors that I have never experienced in a salad before. So many different flavors and textures in this salad, I loved it.-Mint chicken - good, but not stand-out good.-Walnut shrimp - very very good!-Coconut rice - very tasty and you get a huge bowl of it for only $2.50-Broccoli - they did this one perfectly Crunchy broccoli heads with fried onions on top-Samusa soup - I thought this was good, but it didn't live up to the hype for me.-Pitcher of sangria - some of the best sangria I've ever had. It had a distinct flavor to it that I couldn't quite place - maybe they added a special Burmese twist to it. Plus, it had lychee and all kinds of fruits in it. We had coconut ice cream for dessert, which was amazing too. I'm kind of obsessed with coconuts and I love that they have so many coconut items on their menu! The icea cream was creamy and had chunks of coconut. It was decorated with sliced strawberries.Eating here was a pleasure, and it wasn't just because of the food. It was the whole experience - competing with other hungry people to get in, sipping on free tea outside while we waited, and our server - I didn't catch his name, but he was hilarious and super friendly. And he's from Burma!
I like this place. The wait is forever but it's pretty worth it. I see a long line everything I go there but I can see why tho. I like the food, but the place is small. I like the tea leaf salad and coconut rice. Haha it is something everyone would get and the food is great!! :)
The food's not bad, but my main concern was the lighting! It was so dark in there I could barely see my food! It definitely gets crowded too, I don't highly recommend the place unless you're really starving for some good Burmese food. I mainly went there to try their Tea Salad that got famous through the Food Network... hehe
Awesome. Tough wait. Go to B Star. Same food.
A-freaking-mazing. Go here. Don't even question it.For my first Burma SuperStar visit, we got the garlic noodles, the chili lamb, some coconut rice, the tea leaf salad, and a few other things. I highly suggest the above! Best part is that they do take-out so you don't have to wait in a ridiculous line if you live close by =)
The first time I went here we stood in line for 30 minutes before the restaurant was even open. It was amazing. One of the salads had 22 ingredients in it. It rocked my world.Four years later, I'm making the trip back to SF and can't wait to hit Burma Superstar again for some Myanmarese gustational treats.
Steps:Go to Burma Superstar. Get the samusa soup, the tea leaf or rainbow salad, and top it off with some type of lamb with coconut rice. Ask yourself why you've never had Burmese food before.Go to Genki Crepes across the street for dessert and get a cheesecake crepe.Ask yourself why you ate so much that its forcing you to roll him.Proceed to rate both places 5 stars cuz that is a legit experience to take part in.
The food here is so delicious I do not know what to do that I can only eat there every few months! We showed up around 6:00 and the wait was already 40 minutes, so we went across the street to snack on egg puff waffles. The wait can be a major downer, but it didn't detract from the experience for me. Here are some of the dishes I had there, and how they were:Coconut Rice-- Our table had 3 orders for 5 people and it turned out just about right, with a little rice coming home with us. It is sweet with crunchy onions on top, very fragrant and delicate.Lamb Curry-- A good lamb curry, nothing to complain about here. The potatoes were particularly wonderful in it. The lamb cubes were very large, but not very tender.Mint Chicken-- We ordered this one without jalapenos in it and it was still Very. Hot. Super spicy with many red chilies in it, but overall the least enjoyed dish.Nan Gyi Dok-- Best. Food. Ever. Soft noodles with curried chicken and egg slices. It was so amazing, I recommend this 100%.Samusa Soup-- It was like a samosa, turned into soup! It was lovely, truly interesting and completely unexpected. We ate every last drop, it was really lovely. Rainbow Salad-- A very delicious, soft salad with 22 ingredients, 4 of which were soft noodles. It was very flavorful and every bite was interesting. This was a real treat.Tea Leaf Salad-- A wonderful salad, with tea leaves, lemon and crunch lentils. It is a major hit, they import the tea leaves and mix it up at the table for everyone. It is very fresh and leaves a person feeling very refreshed. Walnut Shrimp-- I am not certain a business can go wrong with walnut shrimp, and if they can then Burma SuperStar certainly doesn't. However, this is a dish that can be gotten almost anywhere (yep, even Panda Express) so I would not recommend you get this and instead choose something a little harder to find. You will not regret missing this sweet, wonderful dish in favor of a different wonderful dish that is much harder to find. Enjoy your time here, it is a truly unique and completely worth-the-wait experience.
So good, that I actually screamed out 'I LOVE BERMUDAAA!!!' Ok, I know it's Burmese like Burma - but I was half joking and half delirious from all the yumminess going on here.We got a bunch of stuff but the standouts were the tea leaf salad (which I heard was featured on FoodNetwork), the curry with beef, the plantha, and the samusa soup. Get them all!We came around 9, and the wait was 45 mins, so we actually went to get some tea and came back. We were the last table sat and even though we were the very last, the service was still great. The server tossed the tea leaf salad at the table and explained all the ingredients - he actually did that for all the dishes. Then he served us. He even took the jalapenos out of the salad cause I didn't want it to be spicy :) Sweet right?!I don't really go back to the same restaurants because I love trying new places, but I will actually come back here cause it was just that good.Oh and make sure to add lemon to the samusa, it really makes it.
Delicious!!Just had this last night & I need more!! Had the Mango Shrimp, Tea Leaf Salad, Sesame Beef & of course Coconut Rice. Everything my gf and I had amazing savory flavors, the wait was decent about appox 30-40mins. But it was worth it! The staff was friendly!I will be back very very soon!
i hate being a negative nelly but this place is totally overrated. the samosa soup is supposed to be bomb but i thought it was just ok. the samosas were good but the soup flavor itself isnt anything special. the tea leaf salad was pretty good, really unique and i don't even like salad. the basil chicken was pretty flavorful and moist, but again, i really didn't think it was anything special or memorable at all. we ordered it with the coconut rice which i thought was a little too mushy
I've only been here once and had one thing, so I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but the tea leaf salad is AMAZING. It honestly didn't sound very good when my friend first suggested it. (I'm a vegan, but I generally don't order salads when I go out to eat, and tea in a salad? Ehhh...) But OH MAN it was probably the best salad I've ever had. My favorite part was the fried garlic. The lentils also gave it a nice crunch. Just everything was really good and it all worked well together (not like my usual salads where I just eat through the greens so I can get to the fruit/nuts/whatever). I'm not great with the adjectives, but seriously, so good.
I'm not typically a fan of curry, but the reviews piqued my interest. After trying it out, it definitely was the best food on my SF weekend excursion. The brisket beef curry tasted fresh and had good flavor. Not spicy or overpowering. The Tea Leaf salad is one of their signature dishes and is highly recommended. Very refreshing and tangy.If I only had to pick one dish, it would be the garlic noodles. Great flavor. Reminds me a bit of shrimp scampi sauce on steroids. Lots of butter and garlic plus some extra stuff. Tossed at your table, it's a taste delight. Round this out with friendly and knowledgeable service and it's a solid five stars. If you're in the area, do yourself a favor: deal with the traffic, deal with the parking, deal with the long line, sit down and eat this food.
Cant understand the hype for this place. The pork stew was fair to middling. The tea leaf salad was beautifully presented but the flavors did not work. the noise level is truly ridiculous. We got there at 5:00 pm and by 5:30 I was screaming at my two friends. Will not return.
Amazing and fun date spot!
Went here the other night with the BF. It was a Thursday maybe around 8:30, and we waited about 30 minutes. The hostess took our phone number, then we walked down the street for a drink at a nearby bar. The time passed quickly and all of a sudden I was getting a call saying our table was ready!We ordered the tea leaf salad, samusas, pork curry, and catfish curry. I have to say, I think the tea leaf salad is overrated. I thought it was nothing to write home about and I definitely wouldn't waste room in my stomach ordering it again. Everything else was fantastic though. The samusas were perfect, crunchy on the outside but pillowy and potatoey on the inside. The curry that the pork was in was fantastic, I wanted to just eat it with a spoon. The pork was really tender as well. The catfish was fried to perfection, the only negative was the bones. The curry itself was more of a tomato base and while I enjoyed it, the curry on the pork was better.I can't wait to go back and try more!
The food is delicious! the space is tiny, but definitely worth the wait! get there early and enjoy your meal...
Surprisingly good food, great drinks, great service. This place is talked up quite a bit and it deserves every bit of it.
Got the Tea Leaf Salad, Pumpkin Pork Stew, Coconut Rice, and Ginger Lemonade. They were all good, but the stew and the rice were SUBLIME.
The food was great, although you will find yourself waiting sometime to be seated....obviously its a local favorite. I would give this place a 5 star but I guess I had higher expectations after reading so many great reviews on yelp. Word of advice...eat first than read reviews...lol
I'm completely heartbroken. 2.5 stars = 1.5 stars for food, and 1 star for service and for my first time having Burmese food. So a friend of mine, one who I can trust with my life (usually), raved about this place on his last trip to NorCal. I'd definitely describe him a huge foodie like myself, so when a couple of other friends and I planned a trip to SF, this place was definitely on my mind. I heard the wait for this place can get pretty intense, to my surprise we were quickly seated on a Friday afternoon.The staple of this restaurant is their Tea Leaf Salad, so of course we ordered that, along with Samusas for an appetizer, Rainbow salad, and Garlic noodles with pork. First thing to come out were the samusas static.px.yelp.com/bphot, the cute lil things were pretty good, nice and crisp on the outside with the curry flavored potatoes on the inside that weren't too heavy. Next came the hugely popular tea leaf salad and rainbow salad static.px.yelp.com/bphot static.px.yelp.com/bphot. It was nice that the waitress described both salads to us before mixing them. Right away I noticed the small portions in the rainbow salad aka 22 ingredients salad. It claimed to have carrots, and it did, but only about 10 chopped pieces of it. I finally tasted the tea leaf salad and slowly I tried to swallow what I had just ate. I thought maybe the fermented tea leaves is an acquired taste but my two other dining companions had pretty much the same reaction - STRIKE ONE. Ok not so good, on to the next salad, the rainbow salad, not much changed in our grubbing mood. The tamarind dressing wasn't too bad but the noodles to me seemed a bit too raw - STRIKE TWO. Last but not least was the "garlic" noodles static.px.yelp.com/bphot. Where was the garlic flavor? I only one small piece of garlic and that was it. The pork was very disappointing as well - STRIKE THREE.I was completely stunned by this place. I really wanted to like it. Was the tea leaf salad having a bad day??? I just couldn't believe it...after my friends and I agreed that we could have ordered the wrong dishes, but everyone raves their tea leaf salad!! Anywho, I'm not in SF often so I don't think I'd be back here again, but I'm willing to try Burmese food, just not this place.
I've been here several times and maybe I just don't know what to order but every meal is just ok. It's good but not exceptional. I frankly can't justify the line to eat here. There is another Burmese restaurant a block away on California that serves good food that you can usually get seated for in 1/4-1/2 the wait time. Nice environment. Service is kinda meh. I'd probably eat here more often if there wasn't always such a crazy line. And for that, I'd say this place is not worth the wait. if you are walking by and can get a seat quickly on a whim, definitely check it out. Wavering between 3 and 3.5 stars. 3.5 stars without lines. 3 stars for being overhyped?
YUMMMY! Love this place, but get there early as it fills up fast. Tea leaf salad is the bomb and the lamb curry with coconut rice is to die for! With a nice glass of white wine - heaven!
One of a kind SF gem.
Tea Leaf salad and pumpkin curry is always a winner. I hate waiting in lines, but this place is worth the wait.
The food here is actually really good. Their tea leaf salad is one of the few vegetarian salads that I look forward to eating. But when you take the experience as a whole - which includes a normal wait time of 45 minutes - there is no need to go here when you can make reservations at B Star two blocks away and get an equivalent experience. The only benefit to eating Burma Superstar that I've noticed is that their mixed drinks are a little better.
Joycelyn Lee and Desmond Htunlin: I tried to find an address for you so that you could, in a more personal way, experience the miserable rats ass of a time that WE experienced waiting for a table in your restaurant on Clement St. in the city. You might ask me then, why wait so long for a table at a mediocre eatery? Read on, Mac Duff. We've dined here on the occasion that we were in the city and couldn't find any place better on short notice. This place was recommended by a friend that absolutely raved about it. The first time we ate here it was it was in the afternoon, much earlier than when the asinine long lines form outside. At that time the food was decent, and although I had a bit of each plate, I failed to find the reason for the raves. It was clear that the cook was making minor variations on a few sauces, and not one taste was in the least impressive - not in that "Wow, this dish is really something!" kind of way - like when you start to understand that there's a real reason for the lines. Nonetheless, we put it on our list of available, decent restaurants for a meal, when in the area. Revisited for the last time, a week ago today. It was evening, after a satisfying afternoon at the De Young, followed by a beer at a local brew pub. There were four of us, our guests to the Picasso exhibit were the couple that rave about this place (they've eaten here often when in SF). We dropped off his wife to put our names on the list (6pm) for a table and to give the guy a cell number. I drove for 20 (ridiculous) minutes before finally finding a place to park, and were informed by our friend that it would be about an hour. (I'm asking myself, at the time, what the hell do you do on Clement St. on Sunday night for 40 minutes. Little did I know of the real time for the wait). We had a drink in the least sleazy of the two bars that were nearby. The time went buy without a call. We walked back to the restaurant and our friend checked in, only to be put off again, this time rudely. There was, by this time, a MAJOR waiting line outside. Ah well, what we do for friends... After another fifteen minutes, and after seeing several couples get seated that were NOT THERE when we checked in, I asked the guy what the problem was. He said: "You're my next four top". He showed me the waiting list. I was wondering if it was too much of a stretch to push two tables together, but declined to stress his already burdened fore brain. There was obviously not much in the way of cerebrum, even if it did get through. We waited for what turned out to be two hours - this including the 20 min. parking marathon. THEN, FOUR PEOPLE WALKED UP, TALKED TO THE MORON AT THE PODIUM (outside, with a phone) AND WERE PROMPTLY !!! SEATED. I walked over to forebrainman and politely asked "What the fuck just happened here?" His response was to say that they were waiting in a bar (really, like us over an hour and a half ago?), and pointing (yes, without looking) at the list said they were ahead of us, see? right here - this despite his "You're my next four top" line over an hour and a half earlier, and all the areas he pointed at being crossed off.We did what we should have done over an hour earlier, and left. To Joycelyn and Desmond: You need to revisit the dive a bit more often. And perhaps revisit the educational requirements for the reservation staff. Do some quality assurance... you've heard of that, yes? To forebrainman at the reservation podium (?) outside: You're an ignorant, lying bag of excrement. You need to stay in your minimum wage job and spare this troubled world further damage.
Probably the best place to try Burmese, but obviously Burmese places are few and far between (Although all of them are within 3 blocks of each other?). Excellent quality, there's a reason why there's a line of white people around the corner every night of the week. Tip: If you don't feel like waiting in line and have a smaller group, stop by their sister restaurant B Star Bar one block down Clement.
A favorite restaurant in San Francisco, despite the line. I love the tea leaf salad. If you need more certainty, go to B Star Bar, this restaurant's sister restaurant; they allow reservations on OpenTable.
Delicious food, but is always crowded. We were told our wait would be 45 minutes (on a weeknight) and over a hour later, we were seated. If you ARE in the mood for waiting, there are lots of bars you can peruse for a couple of preliminary happy hour cocktails.The wait earned this place 4 stars instead of 5, but it seems like there are ways to get around this: Call in and get your name on the list to cut down the wait time? Call and order take out? Work for them so you can eat there all the time? Yes.So far, I like the Tea Leaf Salad, Moh Hinga (catfish chowder), Coconut Rice, and the Pumpkin Shrimp. Lots to choose from and something for everyone. Very flavorful dishes & great staff.All this talk is makin' me hungry!
Love the coconut rice; will try more of their recepies next time.
This restaurant was so yummy. I can't really tell if it's healthy, but I enjoyed all the flavors and was happy I didn't have to wait in line because I went there right when they opened. Seems like the wait is normally very long. My party of 4 really liked both the regular and vegetarian tea leaf salad. Samusa soup was also really yummy. Everything was great. They are also very efficient because people seem to be beating down their door and they want more business!
This location has been reviewed so often there is nothing really new to add. P and I stopped for lunch after a visit to the Legion of Honor. We were able to park a block away. It was 2:20 and there was still a line; it did move quickly. The Tea Leaf salad was wonderful. I could have eaten two of them. I plan to go to their East Bay locations to have this salad again ASAP The Chicken Curry was in a brown sauce it seemed mild at first, but left a pleasant heat in the back of my mouth. It was good, but nothing that would entice me to cross the bridge and look for parking to have again
I was in town for business and took a family friend to this restaurant on her recommendation. WOW! What a great place! Even on a Tuesday night, the wait was upwards of 30-40 minutes, which told me a lot about how popular the place is. Once inside, I saw first-hand! I ordered the Mango Chicken and Coconut Rice, my friend had the Tofu Dish and we each had homemade Ginger Lemonade. Simply amazing meal! Despite how busy it was, our orders were taken promptly, the food arrived swiftly & as ordered, and beverages were filled throughout the meal. Next time you're in San Francisco, TRY THIS RESTAURANT! You won't be sorry.
Still my favorite Burmese place after all these years.My favorites are:- Tea Leaf Salad- Samusas- Burmese Style Curry with Beef & Coconut Rice- Burmese Fried RiceSuper long wait though and parking in the area can be difficult sometimes. Lunch crowd is usually less crowded than dinner.
How can this place have nearly 3000 reviews and had the Food Network over?! While reading the menu and seeing how they plastered "Food Network" this and that all over it got me hyped up! But it just only made me super disappointed in the end.Came here for a family dinner and ordered TONSSS of plates that I thought tasted like garbage. NEARLY EVERYTHING WAS SO SALTYYYY:Burmese Style Curry with catfish; nothing special, might as well go to a Thai place than to wait for an hour!Riblettes; SALTYFiery Tofu; EXTREMELY SALTY, soaks up the sauce! Coconut Rice; this is a joke, the rice was too wetRainbow Salad; I'd eat Vietnamese style BBQ pork with rice noodle + fish sauce. Burmese Samusas; the only thing that was good.Garlic Noodles; go to Thanh Long for garlic noodle since you are in the SF areaBraised Pork Belly with String Beans; SALTYYYYPumpkin Pork Stew; nothing specialI'm starting not to believe anything that comes out of SF yelp. Second time I have gone to a place with high reviews and ratings to experience terrible food. Maybe it was the cook who made the food that day but for sure I'm never coming back. Oh, yeah, great staff. :)
If I were rating their tea leaf salad on it's own this would get a bazillion stars. It's just that good. but for the overall experience, I'll give it 4.Ambiance - very casual, very crowded. We called to put our name half an hour before we got there and we still waited about 10 minutes. The one thing that is nice about your wait though is that they have tea outside the restaurant for you to enjoy while you wait.Food - get the tea leaf salad (if I haven't already stated that it is amazing). I don't live in the area but I have gone back to Burma Superstar just to get the tea leaf salad to eat at the airport. It's amazing - tea leaves, garlic, sunflower seeds, lettuce, lentils, peanuts, delicious. No wonder it was on food network. It's a little steep in price (~$11-12) for a salad, but it's darn delicious. We also got the nan gyi dok, runner up for delicious dish. The flavors were delicious - I thought the egg would be weird in curry, but clearly I was wrong. It kinda added a nice texture and flavor to the curry. We also got the curry eggplant, which I thought was just okay, and the fiery tofu with beef, which was also just okay. Overall though, I would come back just to get the first two dishes. We also ate our meal with the coconut rice which I was pleasantly surprised about. I'm not a huge coconut fan, but it was rich in flavor, and blended well with the food.Service - like I said, it's crowded so service isn't necessarily spectacular but it's fine. The one thing that's cool about the salad (here I go ranting about the salad again) is that they will bring it out to you, show you what's in it, and then mix it up in front of you and serve it to you, which is nice. They were very nice in trying to get us in as soon as possible when we got there, so that's always appreciated.Now that I've written this I've gotten really hungry. Get the food here. If you don't want to wait, get take out. I'm sure I'll visit again.
i guess i'm not sure what the big hype is about. sometimes it feels like people just follow everyone else without thinking much about it. Burma Superstar was good, not WOW
I've only been once. It was good. Not actually my experience of Burmese food but then I've only gone to Myanmar restaurants with friends from Myanmar. I have no idea if the places they took me were the norm. Maybe they just knew what to order. It doesn't seem worth the wait though but I guess everyone should try it once.
I like this one a lot better than the one in East bay. Love the green tea salad. Flavors are more delicate than east bay and not as salty.
Yum! As good as they say
SERIOUSLY...had better, very overrated & occasionally BS serves E-coli at no charge!
Great food! I loved the salads
yeah, yeah, everyone knows... this place is super good and the tea leaf salad is unbelievable... yeah yeah... it's all true.
F@!$ing delicious!!! Tea leaf salad is amazing. Had it at other restaurants and it didn't come close to their beautiful concoction of unusual flavors. The wait REALLY sucks. I wish they would figure something else out because I would give 5 stars and go there more if waiting wasn't so painful. Seriously, you have to have the patience of saint and not be hungry when you turn up. Or you might go into low blood sugar level monster mode. It is kinda worth it though.
I finally got around to visiting Burma SuperStar with Kate the other night for dinner. On a Friday night at 6, there were only a few free tables and I noticed a line of waiting patrons out the door after we finished our meal. I got to try their Rainbow salad, which was fantastic, I like how the waiter explains all the ingredients before mixing it up in front of you. The salad has a little bit of kick to it as it has a little bit of cayenne, but I found it to be a refreshing appetizer. I originally thought the vinaigrette was lemon, but apparently it's tamarind.We also ordered their Chili Lamb and coconut rice for our entree. I wasn't sure if it would be too spicy for me as the menu said it was not available as a "mild" dish.  But the heat was actually pretty mild for me, I had no problems at all gorging myself on the delicious Chili/basil lamb.I felt like the chili lamb was so heavily spiced, I can't really see how it can be eaten without accompanying rice. It would be a waste of flavor to eat just plain, but I guess it could be done if you want constant explosions of flavor in your mouth. Either way it would be yum.Accompanying our meal, we ordered their Burma Cooler a ginger lemon beer mix. It was really refreshing to drink, and an extra treat because it was a hot day.
Wow! I am so impressed! The food was delicious, service not bad and the line was crazy. The food here is defenitely worth the wait. I am defenitely coming back for more pork belly chili basil... Delish!
I was going to throw a bitch fit after waiting three hours for dinner... and then I had the tea leaf salad (uh, yes a fucking SALAD worth three hours) and then I had their soup (I don't know what it's called or what's in it but it literally blew my mind) and then we had your typical run of the mill yummy dishes with that incredible coconut rice - yes, do it. Happy girl. Very happy girl.
I prefer Mandalay to this place for Burmese food. Prices and food quality were similar between these two.It's been a little while since I've been to Mandalay, but here are a few differences between the two. Burma Superstar has:--- longer wait time (yuck)--- a more casual environment--- a smaller seating area (ehh)--- free hot tea while you're waiting outside (yay)Here's what was ordered:--- Tea Leaf Salad - amazing texture!--- Mint Chicken - great with fresh chunks of mint!--- Beef Burmese Style Curry - served stew/cubed-styled--- Chili Lamb - not that spicy--- Coconut rice - amazing!
My good friend who lives out in the Bay Area met up with a couple of his friends at this restaurant. I'd never encountered Burmese food before, so I was interested to give it a shot and see what it tasted like. It was packed - and in the middle of Saturday afternoon, no less! I've rarely been to a restaurant that was filled at 3 PM, but we had to wait a little bit before getting seated. It was a bit tight and not necessarily the most comfortable, but the food ended up making it more than worth the wait.The pumpkin pork stew, which we shared for the table, was ridiculous. I'm a huge fan of putting pumpkin in anything soup related - my mom makes a killer miso soup that utilizes pumpkin as the main ingredient - but this was the first time I'd tasted something that came remotely close. You get the rich, full pumpkin taste, but the pork is very tender and flavorful as well. We got chicken and lamb dishes as well, which were also incredible as well. I don't think the combination of spices used in the dishes were something I'd encountered before - I'd say Tibetan food is the closest - but it was an incredibly well-done meal at a very reasonable price. I'd definitely like to go again...perhaps someone knows what time it would be easier to get a seat?
A little pricey for what we got. The service was good and everything, I just wasn't blown away by the food. Maybe it's just different from what I'm used to since I had never had any Bermese food before.
I have only been here for lunch but the food was good and the service quick,
I've never had Burmese food until I ate here, and man, is it good. If you haven't tried it yet, think of Chinese, Thai, and Indian food combined. Unless you hate all of those cuisine. Sucks to be you.Superstar does not take reservations, so be prepared to wait, or make a reservation at their sister restaurant B-Star Bar, which is a block and a half away on Clement. It has a smaller menu consisting of some Superstar dishes, plus some unique to that restaurant. Or order take-out. Eating at the restaurant is cool, but restaurant is not the experience here...the food is. I promise you won't be missing out.After ordering take out from them multiple times,I tried to eat there the first time this past Father's Day, and lo and behold, there was no wait. Thank god, I forgot how the weather was in the Richmond and neglected to bring a jacket.The four of sat at the only circular table, complete with a lazy susan. It was time to feast, and feast we did. Order the tea leaf salad. It's a staple for a reason, a great mix of flavors and texture. Other favs are the pork belly, the samusa soup, and the eggpland with garlic sauce. It's a big menu, so try whatever you want, it all sounds good, and don't forget to wash it down with the burma cooler or sangria.I'll be coming back, mainly because there's more I wanted to order but was too full to do so. Dont hesistate to order and pick-up if you're impatient to wait. The foods so good that you're better off stuffing your face in the privacy of your own home.
3 words: Tea Leaf Salad. I think every table had the tea leaf salad and it was something I have been so excited to try and it was so good... more than I ever expected from a salad. If the tea leaf salad was the only good dish there... I would still go but all of their food is exceptionally well prepared and tasty. The wait wasn't that bad because I was prepared to wait 2 hours but my wait on a Wednesday night was less than an hour. There was free hot tea for those waiting outside which was nice. The food is great and the service is good but the only con would be the super tight space.
i. love. this. place.
Great food. Love the tea leaf salad and pumpkin curry!
What a great place! If you are looking for somewhere to have a great experience with some unique food options, this place will definitely get you that! It is also very affordable considering you are in SF and is great for a large group!
I'm sure it's been said before but Burma Star is overrated.  If you're around, come for lunch during the week. No wait time, no rush. I don't think this should be a "destination" restaurant though and it's not worth the hours wait on weekends.I came with a group of 5 coworkers and we ordered: - tea leaf salad - rainbow salad - vegetaian samusas - samusa soup - garlic noodles w/ pork - super delight vegetarian curry - coconut riceMy favorite things were the tea leaf salad, samusa soup and coconut rice. Those are 4 star dishes. Everything else was just okay. If I were in the neighborhood I would stop by just for the samusa soup again but not if there was a queue.
The Hump. You Hump, I Hump, we Hump. *Cue deep grovel-ey voice of (now) dead guy of movie trailers* "In a world where Burma was Burma but Americans had no clue as it was called The Hump in World War Two. Burma was more fly over country than Indianapolis, and in that world Jon A would never thrive." Now, in our world, Burma is Myanmar and Americans can heave foes off the 38 Geary to get to Burma Super Star and say "myan! myan! myan!" (what?) to all their food. I witnessed Kenny, either the GM, or Front House guy, take care of our party like a true champion (thank you to all the other teeming heathen-like thirty-somethings who manage to turn their Burmese want to a Burmese need). Tablemate got tips from Guy Rando at Bar Night Before & had notes on mobile device. We glanced at a menu, but then Kenny snagged the mobile device and high tailed it to the kitchen. That's the way to place an order. A very, very large order. While we're on Kenny... this is a tangent you're not going to care much about... but how many people love the LA Dodgers *and* the Indianapolis Colts? I thought I've always been the only one. Then, Kenny. I remembered Kenny from the first time I ate here five years ago... he's still going strong and still being awesome.However much I question that the "two pint" Anchor Steam order is in fact two pints... it being served in a personal pitcher rendered any ounce parsing unnecessary. Then, they handed me a proper Anchor Steam glass and threw my beer-drinking style side of my brain into a crux: pitcher or proper pint? Psshhh... both! The table side creation of the tea salad was pure gluttony for me. I just gawked, attempting to remember the stirrer's swift moves then I got lost in a fermented haze of fermented tea leaves from Burma. At this point SuperStar doesn't need to do table side, they've proved their point of being super stars, and they still do it. The samosa soup was the stand out. Vivek S is right... it's just a simple genius idea. And somehow I left thinking: "I could just order the coconut rice and pea shoots and I'd be just fine." The outdoor heater and hot tea under the front door awning made me realize that it's these sort of things that I'm extremely thankful for when I go out to eat, and that this should be routine regimen in far more places. *The Double Feature Restaurant to pair with: Yamo.
I have been there twice in last two weeks. Good restaurant, great service, seating is limited so prepare to wait. Don't go when you are starving. Haha. I went past lunch hours both times but ended up having to wait about 30-45 minutes.Mo Hinga (fish noodle soup): Excellent. The soup base is really thick with shredded fish meat, the way I like it. I like it so much I have ordered it twice when I was there and ordered one to-go for dinner the same night. Can't say enough about it. Being from the east coast it's hard to find good mohinga. Pumpkin Shrimp: Good. Big prawns, pumpkins were done nicely. It will fill you up though, even for a big eater like me.Samosa (chicken): Good. Big and meaty.Burma Superstar Shrimp: Excellent. Shrimps are pan-fried and sauteed in a dry spicy garlic sauce. Garnished with steamed broccoli. The shrimps were done nicely and the broccoli were done perfectly. I actually ate all of it.Overall great restaurant, definitely will be going back before I leave. Can't get enough of the mo hinga!
I've been to Palookaville three times now and I love the place. I've tried as many things as I could in those visits, pumpkin shaketail, pork burger, rubin, fryingstein monster corndog, and a couple of tasty deserts. All were very good but my favs were the pumpkin rum shake and pork burger. The service was spot on even when slammed. The longer you're at your table the more fun stuff you notice decorating the place. Kind of a carney style dinner with a real soda fountain. Amazing!
Been to several Burmese restaurants in the past now this one was different, more like a California/Burmese place with a modern twist to the menu. I must admit the Tea Leaf Salad was out of this world, it has more than a dozen ingredients and so yummi. My son ordered the Chili Lamb which was top notch; it comes with chopped up pieces of lamb that are stir-fried in onion, pepper, and chili. My other son had the Garlic Shrimp: interesting, reminded me of a dish I had in Singapore a few years ago. Of course do not miss the Coconut Rice - it was delicious and the dessert was amazing too, we had a deep fried sort of fruit with ice cream, almost like ala mode. This restaurant gets packed so be prepared to wait, and it is best to go there with parties of 4 or less in order to get a table - many are two seaters I feel. How ever worth the wait!
Yes, this place really gets packed and wait is at least 45 minutes unless you are there before they open. My fiancee and I arrived about 20 minutes after 5 and we waited about 40 minutes before we got seated. They had some hot tea outside for us while we were waiting. Based on all the rave reviews we ordered the tea leaf salad. It's no joke, it really was good. Our taste buds were enticed by so many different flavors rushing through our mouth. The menu indicates they really go to Burma to get the tea for this salad. It also has fried garlic, sunflower seeds, roasted sesame, lemons, tomatoes, romaine and dried shrimp. For drink, we ordered the Burma cooler and lychee mojito. Lychee mojito was good but I was bit disappointed by the Burma cooler. Ingredients indicate lemon, ginger, and beer but I couldn't taste any ginger. If it had more ginger, it would've been perfect. For main dish we ordered the pumpkin shrimp. The pumpkin was more like a squash than the pumpkin you use for Halloween. It had a slightly sweet creamy texture, almost like a curry, with a hint of ginger flavor. I'm a big fan of ginger and pumpkin so this dish was perfect for me. The service was excellent. All the servers were very friendly and the host made you feel welcome as soon as you walked up to the restaurant. Most restaurants that are this busy usually tend to lack on service but everyone here was very accommodating. It almost seemed like they just opened a new business and couldn't get enough customers.
This place was amazing. Great food and great service. What else do y'all need. Just go!
Amazing food, long waits that are tolerable if you head to a bar near by for an hour or so.
Delicious, but too long of a wait
One of my good, close friends brought me here for lunch over the 4th of July weekend. Food and the service = SUPERB. Usually there is a long wait, but maybe because it was the holiday weekend, there was NO wait. My friend told me that has never happened before, ever. We got seated right away and ordered the Tea Leaf salad, Rainbow salad, and the Vegetarian Samusa soup. All 3 were SO full of flavor and simply SO YUMMMMMM. We were still hungry - we asked our server what he would recommend, he recommended the garlic noodles - we ordered that with duck. Garlic noodles with duck - NOM NOM NOM. Burmese food is a combo of Thai/Chinese/Indian - if you like all 3, you'll love Burmese food.
Everytime I have gone i've loved the food! It is worth waiting outside in the cold
Three things I loved about Burma Superstar:1. Free tea while you wait.2. Amazing dishes I've never had anywhere else.3. The name! How could anyone not want to eat at a place called Burma Superstar?Okay, the most important reason I enjoyed my lunch at Burma Superstar was the food. This is a great place for sharing. We started with the vegetarian version of the Tea Leaf Salad. I wish I knew where to get or how to make the fermented tea leaves because I would love to make this salad at home.Next we had the Vegetarian Samusa Soup. This is one tasty, hearty soup with a nice little kick from the red chilies. For our entree we had the Superstar Vegetarian Noodles, which is a cold noodle dish. It seemed tame enough with noodles and small cubes of cucumber and potato, but then the chili sauce really kicked in. My tongue was burning for a while after eating this dish.To drink I had fresh young coconut water which is served with a straw drilled in the coconut. Unfortunately I wasn't able to take the top off and scrape out the coconut flesh, like I've had at other restaurants.I would definitely come back to Burma Superstar, and not just so I could say I was going to "Burma Superstar" while sipping a complimentary cup of tea outside.
Oh my God, this place gets busy during the evening hours. The wait was over an hour the last time I stopped in for dinner without calling ahead. Do yourself a favor and make that call. They don't take reservations, but you can have your name placed on the wait list over the phone. They don't do it for lunch, but the wait isn't as long during the noontime hours.I didn't know anything about Burmese food the first time I tried this place, but it seems that you can't go wrong with anything you choose here. The waitstaff is also very willing to make recommendations based on your preferences, if you ask. The items labeled with "Featured on Food Network" are the most popular, and for very good reason. Some of my favorites include:Tea Leaf Salad: Raw veggies do not appeal to me in the least, and that includes salads... with the exception of this one. Very interesting blend of flavors that actually works. I don't think I've had anything like it.  Vegetarian Samusa Soup: It's like they tossed in actual veggie samusas into a pot of broth and called it a soup. loved it.Nan Pia Dock: The milder of the two curry noodles, I'd be content ordering just this and calling it a meal. Total comfort food.Spicy and Crispy Chicken: Crispy and sweet. Try it, you'll thank me later.Coconut rice: A side item, but a necessary one if you're at Burma Superstar. So good, even if you hate coconut, like I do. Thai Iced Tea (with no ice): Because you're thirsty.
The most reviewed restaurant on Yelp? maybeThe best Burmese food? maybeThis was the first time I had Burmese food and Burma SuperStar lived up to its expectations. Great food, great service, yummy drinks (mojitos)!Burmese food seems like a cross between indian food and asian food without the spiciness (at least based on what I ordered).My favorite is the Rainbow Salad - which I would recommend ordering with the dried shrimp sauce on the side (a little too fishy)
it's okay. I prefer reasonable priced and tastier Pagan.
although everything here is quite good, the tea leaf salad is phenomenal.
I've been coming here for years and I love the food but the service was HORRIBLE the pass two times I've eaten there. I probably won't be back anymore.
Burma Superstar is one of my favorite places to eat of all time! Although the wait to sit down can be long, it is definitely worth the wait! The food is delivered fast, it is always delicious and the staff is friendly. Among my favorite dishes are the sesame tofu, spicy crispy chicken and their coconut rice! Each meal is always more satisfying with a yummy Burmese iced tea! I highly recommend Burma Superstar for any occasion.
We planned to have lunch at Namu but unfortunately they were closed. Since we were in Inner Richmond, we decided to see if we can get in to Burma Superstar. The wait was only 5-10 minutes. We felt like we hit the Jackpot.Although we loved the pumpkin curry here, we wanted to try something different this time. Tea Leaf Salad (9.50) - Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts and tea leaves. I had this salad once before and thought it was pretty good, but this time it tasted bland and way too salty. I think the tea leaves must be cured. I'm not really into romaine lettuce salads in general, especially when it costs 9.50. (2 stars)Chili Lamb (13.75) - This dish was interesting. It's stir-fried with lamb, chilies, onions, basil, Sichuan peppercorn (which causes the tingling sensation) and something very sour (lemon?). It taste like a hybrid of Sichuan and Thai. It was quite sour and had some kick which was great. Although 13.75 was a bit hefty for the small portion with very little meat. (3.5 stars)Shrimp Kebat (13.75) - They were fairly generous with the shrimp. It's a stir fried dish with shrimp, tomatoes, chilies, and mint leaves. It was quite plain. Reminds me of the boring & tasteless stir-fry dishes in many Pseudo Chinese restaurants. I would pass on this one. (2 stars)Coconut Rice & Jasmine Rice (2.50 and 1.75) - Coconut rice was very nice. Although at 2.50 and 1.75 per person, it was a bit pricey for a small bowl of rice. (Coconut rice - 4 stars)Mango Coconut Juice (4.00) - This was basically a Mango Lassi but a bit more sour. I liked more than Mango Lassi since it wasn't so sweet. The tartness tasted like it's from the yogurt and balanced well with the sweetness. It was great. (5 stars)I was a bit disappointed as our previous visit was quite memorable, but this time the food was so ordinary, unoriginal and seemed to lack authenticity in flavor. It's a bit Thai & a bit Chinese, but not as good as either (the authentic versions, anyway). I guess we have to revert back to the curry dishes next time.
This place gets crowded as soon as they open for lunch. tables are tightly packed, the service is good. We tried 4 items, none of them were outstanding. I felt the okra was not sufficiently cooked. The eggplant in garlic sauce was too sweet. All of them were ordered medium spicy but they were mild. For someone who eats frequent Asian food, this was not great. I had expectations of finding something unique.
My favorite for years. Tea leaf salad and chili lamb, awesome. Get there early and beat the line out the door.
As if this wonderful place needs another glowing review...but here's mine: Friends have mentioned this place for years, and told stories of the food and the crowds and the wait-times and how great it was to eat here. Oy-were they right!This place is a gem, and the wait is worth it. And the food! THE FOOD!I've taken my palate the world over, in fact maybe 2 million miles or so (a bit Up in the Airish) and yet Burma, as it was called before, has always been on my no-go list., sadly. This place makes up for that, and will be seeing alot of me in the future, w/ and w/out passport. Just the ginger lemonade along sustains me...come eat here, come early, don't linger at your table thoughtlessly making others wait, and enjoy!
My favorite restaurant in SF. When family come to visit from out of town this is where I take them. Rainbow salad, platha, samusa soup, fiery veggies with tofu are all awesome. I grew up on the meat and potatoes diet and this place really opened up my world to new flavors and cuisines. Parking is terrible, so take public transit if you can. The wait here is also always an issue, so I typically put my name in and walk around the neighborhood for a while. Park Life down the street is an small funky store that you can spend a good amount of time in. There is an aquarium down the other direction that has some amazing fish. Service is great once seated (the host/hostess is usually stressed because people ask every 5 mins if their table is ready).Summary: Delicious and unique food and very reasonable prices.
Great food, super fresh!
I have always been very satisfied with At Ease Massage. The owners and staff are always friendly, and the environment is clean, and they are very knowledgable in various types of therapeutic massage. I recommend that everyone should pay them a visit. The rates are affordable and you will leave feeling healthier and revitalized. sincerely, Al P.
It's ok but feel guilty and eat fast to let people outside come in. No one of those places where you go to enjoy a meal and socialize. Eat and leave.
Make a reservation and it will be an excellent experience you will not be soon in forgetting
The tea leaf salad was okay. I walked in just half hour after they opened and it was almost completely full. Although a little hesitant cause there was a higher ratio of non Asians to Asians dinning. But in any case the food was okay. I didn't like the samosas soup but that's cause I preferred a regular samosa dish. But that's what I get for not sticking to things that I like. And the phatla and dip, I thought would taste more like roti but was actually not, this was much thicker.
Good eats! Lunch was reasonably priced. The service was fast, considering how busy they were.
I'm only giving it 4 out of 5 stars because of the extremely long wait (over an hour on a weekday) and we had to wait outside in the cold (they had one small bench with heaters above it, but there was not enough room on the bench...). They were also out of their hot tea that they provide outside... for the entire hour and no one came to replenish it. Now, that's just me being nit-picky. The food was absolutely amazing. We got the tea leaf salad, the coconut rice, and I forgot what kind of pasta dish and chicken dish we got but they were delicious.Oh, and we forgot our laptop on the seat and they immediately called us to let us know before we even got to our car (they had our phone number because we called in to reserve our seat... another awesome feature they have). Great service.I would recommend this place to anyone.
Everything people say is true here. Too bad the waiting time can be really long, we waited 2 hours on a Friday night.Plate options:First option) ) Out of the plates that we ordered, my favorite was the Pork Belly, it is such a delicate dish. The pork is soft and the flavors are right there. 100% recommended if you are a pork-eater.Second option ) ) Lamb curryThe price is about right, good for the food that is offered. Expect to pay $30 a person (incl. + +) for a decent meal and a beverage.
Simply being able to *sit down* and dine in San Francisco can bring you a genuine sense of accomplishment. Especially when you're aiming for the SuperStars. Our foursome went to Hell and back (actually we just waited a long time for the 38 Geary) and endured a non-trivial amount of hunger before securing said privilege at Burma SuperStar.Our wait outside wasn't bad. With cupfuls of complimentary tea, we snuggled under a heater and pored over the menu. Like the country itself, Burmese cuisine falls somewhere between Indian and Oriental eats. There are lots of noodles, rice and tofu being thrown about.We went a little crazy, so I suggest you exercise some restraint. The portion sizes are generous. The famous Tea Leaf Salad is topped with imported tea leaves and prepared (i.e., stirred) at your table. The tea leaves impart an interesting bitterness, and there were some nuts in there for texture. It was good, but the Samusa Soup was even better. I found myself wanting to stick my face in the entire bowl. It's vegetarian samosas/samusas in a thick and spicy broth. This is genius!Other items were hit and miss. The pork dish was a dud, so I think your best bet is to aim for vegetarian. I really enjoyed the pea shoots, the coconut rice, and the coconut and chick peas. Everything has kind of a soft and earthy flavour to it, and I didn't find anything too spicy. (Except for the red chilis thrown into a few dishes. Watch out!)We were so stuffed, we didn't get to try their spicy catfish soup which was on our to-eat list. I'll have to save that for my next visit, and I hope there is one.Obligatory Title Pun: MYAN oh MYAN, this place is good.Menu Readability: It's OK to mix serif and sans. They do it well.Need to mention: They do not take reservations.What this place teaches me about myself: Self-congratulatory is my favourite self-x-atory.
The food is well done but the host seating guests was terrible!The waitress that actually served us was top notch, but the one star is for the host/waiter who was very Rude and sat us at the worst table in the restaurant even though half of the restaurants was completely empty. Even when we left there were over 10 tables that were still empty.The table was location detracted from what should have been a nice dining experience.
It seems folks are either fans of Burma Superstar or Mandalay. I fall in to the later camp. I thought the flavors are better at Mandalay and Burma Superstar is over rated and the lines are just too crazy. But if Mandalay isn't around, I think Burma Superstar is a good backup.
Being only 10 min from two East Bay Burma SuperStars, I decided to venture out to the Sunset anyway to have dinner with a friend at this location.The good thing is the food is just as amazing. Absolutely delicious. A bonus point for this location, they have different sizes for some dishes so you can order a small and save tummy space and try other food.The negatives (keep in mind I'm comparing to my first love, East Bay)-very long wait, outside! They don't really have a doorway so you have to wait outside and you know SF, cold year round. Luckily they have heat lamps outside for you to huddle under while you wait 30-45 min-the tables are very close together and seem to be crammed in every nook and cranny they can possiby fit a table-parking is not so fun, count on parking blocks away. But if you are an optimist, you may like the long walk back to your car anyway after ingesting all the delicious foodThis is what I ALWAYS order/ love (seriously):-Platha and dip-tea leaf salad- Oh no Kauswer (really heavy but oh so good!)-Burmese style curry-Coconut rice-Burmese style shrimp curry (the sauce is good)The things that were cool but not love:-Burmese style samusas-Mango beefMy biggest gripe with them, they don't take reservations!
Really, I'd give it 3.5 stars but I'm rounding it up since we can't give half stars.I've come here a couple of times and have always had a good experience. The food is unique (it's not every day you can eat Burmese food...do you even know where Burma is on the map?) and a couple of dishes have been featured on Food Network (which are duly noted on the menu for you to order). The food comes out quickly and it speaks for itself.A couple of drawbacks though is having to find parking, but this is San Francisco, so what can you expect. They are also really popular and so of course that means waiting to be seated and served. But, they do offer you free tea as you patiently wait, which I think is a nice touch. Also, they have a "sister" restaurant close by that doesn't have quite as long of a line but offers some of the same menu items as this place, if you don't want to deal with the hassle of waiting in line.Definitely like this place. :)
Amazing! I wish I could eat this food more often. Great service and very unique cusine. The tea leaf salad is a must and I also love the Samusa Soup! B - Star is their more modern little sister restaurant down the street and they take reservations.
Consistently great.
Love this place.
I mean do I even need to review this place. It's the bomb and the line to get in proves it.
I usually don't even like Burmese food, but this place is great. Service was awesome as well. Only downsides are parking usually takes 30 minutes to find, then the wait for a table is usually about the same.
Ward's House of Prime 540 E. Mason Street 53202Wow, went here for dinner last night before going to see Jersey Boys. The prime rib wasabsolutely the most fabulous we have had in many years. We (4) all ordered it mediumrare--it was pink, not bloody. The flavor was delectable. Also what a sweet suprise, they have Valet parking and a free shuttle to take you to the theater so no parking the car twice. We highly recommend the next time you want your prime rib fix, eat at Ward's. You will love it!
When one thinks of Burmese food, they think of...umm...well...you get the idea. Although they are geographically neighbors to Thailand, you won't find Burma on the map...you may find Myanmar, the name given by the military dictatorship, but not recognized by the western world. Its food is a melting pot of Indian, Thai, and Malaysian, and you'll find little hints of this in your dishes.Burma Superstar tries to acquaint us with the flavors of Burma. We had three salads - the Rainbow, Tea Leaf, and Rice salads, plus pork with pumpkin and a tofu vegetable dish.The best of the batch was the tea salad. Burmese tea leaves, dried shrimp, assorted nuts, fried garlic, and too many other flavors to remember. It was a bit complicated, but I liked it. At the opposite end of the spectrum was the Rainbow salad. I was quite disappointed with it, as it was very lightly dressed and did not pack much flavor. It bills itself as having 22 ingredients; I wonder where 20 of them were. Skip it next time. Pumpkin pork was good, vegetable dish a bit too spicy for me.Service was very good. With over 1600 reviews, you can imagine how popular this place can get...go on a Sunday lunch or weekday. Not sure if I'll come back, given the number of great restaurants I have yet to try. For now, I'll call it Burma Three Star.
The food here is fantastic. I regularly get the tea leaf salad to share, and the sesame chicken and coconut rice. My only gripes with this place are the wait, of course, and the price somewhat.
Except for the long line and wait time, this place is pretty good. Noodles and a bit soggy. Salad is a bit bland and simple. Curry is okay.
Burma Superstar is my all-time favorite. Nothing can compare to this restaurant. I'm from Orange County so every time I come to San Francisco I make it a point to eat at this place. I've eaten here 4 times now and each time it gets better and better. There might be a longer wait on the weekends but don't even worry, the wait is completely worth it. Also while you're waiting you can sip on some of they have to offer(for $free.99!). Items I've ordered:Tea Leaf Salad- an absolute must. If you're debating whether or not to order this, JUST ORDER IT! I wish I could have this salad mailed to me in Orange County. Fried Yellow Bean Tofu- I'm going to be honest, I am not a fan of tofu at all but this place has allowed me to see how delicious tofu can be. Reminds me of fries, but way healthier.Nan Pia Dok- curry type dish with flat flour noodles. Delicious flavor!Chili Lamb- if you love spicy, you are going to love this dish. All the different spices and ingredients all mesh so well it develops such great flavor. Probably one of my favorite dishes!Steak Kebat- states that it's spicy but I don't recall it being too spicy. Eat this with rice and you'll be pretty happy. Anyone visiting San Francisco should make the trek out to Burma Superstar and I promise you will not regret it :)
Exciting and delicious food. There is always a wait and they do not take reservations, so you have to be prepared for that. Otherwise, once you get in they move quickly and their is never a long wait for your dishes.The menu has a lot of options and plenty for people with all different tastes. You really can't go wrong.
Always a wait so if you are impatient, I suggest you go elsewhere. However, if you do, you will be missing out on an amazing food experience! My sister introduced me to this place being a long time SF resident, and every time we go back, it's just as excellent as that very first time. We have brought visiting friends and family and I have never had a complaint. The Rainbow salad is delicious, the samusa soup is wonderful, we have tried many of the entrees including sesame chicken, spicy chicken, and some of the noodle dishes and ALL were very tasty. The service is so great, even though they are constantly busy. Just wish they would expand to a larger restaurant; not even necessarily to accommodate more people at the same time, but just so you have a little more elbow room. TRY IT!!
This place gets high marks for uniqueness in my book. Seems like you can get Indian, Thai, Japanese, even Vietnamese is dime a dozen these days. Burmese though? What kind of food is it?Well, I'll tell you what I glean it is after having eaten at BS a few times. A combination of Thai, Indian and Chinese all in one. Many fusion restaurants are a little like mixed race couples: several cultures housed under the same roof. Burmese food is more like a bi-racial child: the flavors all feel like they've come together organically/naturally and it's a beautiful thing. And so far, seems findable only here in the SF Bay Area. In any case, a few dishes that have been introduced to me are:*Rainbow salad. It's a must for your first time at the restaurant but after that I think you can probably skip it....featured on food network, it uses 22 ingredients.*Tea leaf salad. Personally I think this salad has better/more flavors than the famous rainbow salad.*Pepper lamb? The spicy lamb dish was one of my favorite the last time I went.*Coconut rice! You might pass it over as it's listed in the side dishes and not automatically combo'ed in, but it's worth getting as a core part of your meal.Be prepared for a long wait (as is highlighted in many reviews), but if you show up at 4:30 it can be worth keeping your time in line to a known quantity. The other option (I've taken it before) is rolling down to Mandalay down the street, which also offers very good Burmese cuisine.
Yes, I am fussy, but in this case, but my 2 stars isn't even a result of some trivial food temperature or lackluster service issue...I just wasn't that impressed. Given the hype I did go into it with high expectations but what it delivered was, to put it delicately, very mediocre. Perhaps we got shafted by the gringo effect, but I feel like if you've ever had any or sort Asian cuisine that is not Panda Express at the Denver Airport, then you've had something similar to the caliber of food at Burma. Before I get into the food--those who complain of waiting hours for a table, just call ahead and they'll put your name on the list--we waited an additional 20ish minutes after they told us to come, but in the grand scheme of things, it was much more prompt than I had braced myself for. Obviously I had a fairly massive snack in preparation for having to wait 3 hours in between meal times, so I wasn't starving, which made the wait all the more bearable. The restaurant, though small, is cute-ish inside---wood walls, statues, hanging lamps--it's a warm space. That said, it's also relatively small (seating maybe 30-40 diners at once) and incredibly loud, so it's not the best pick for a massive reunion.We started w/ the tea and rainbow salads (tea was veggie version, rainbow was not)--and I think perhaps I was expecting a plethora of vegetables (I mean really, they boast the rainbow has 22 ingredients in it...but given the mediocrity of flavor, I think they are just trying to keep their line cooks busy prepping), but neither salad was particularly exciting. Food Network recommendation or not--these salads were B team.The tea salad was lots of romaine (really...?) with seeds and a mound of clumpy tea leaves--the flavor was fine, but the texture was what made it nice-- seeds gave it a nice crunch. Not huge--I give it a B for effort and C for execution. The rainbow salad (mostly noodles w/ more stuff in it) garnered equally lukewarm results from Sarah and Zack.While we were in the midst of our salads our entrees came--I went for the pea shoots (admittedly not a Burmese specialty) and Sarah had the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole--"Braised chicken leg (on the bone) and shrimp buried in a claypot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts"---mine was actually good--a nice, piping hot mound of peashoots stir fried w/ garlic. Revolutionary it wasn't, but it did taste nice. Sarah gave her chicken and shrimp an unenthusiastic "okay" review--both entrees were fairly well sized--more reasonable than the salads, which were petite. I think that our experience was perhaps summed up by her question, "do you think the real chef is on vacation this week?". Sadly, I don't think so. I think they just got lazy. Pluses: water was constantly refilled; quick service (din took abt an hour max); lots of choose from on the menuCons: noise level, lack of flavor
Unique, flavorful, and great service. The line is worth the wait and you can go check out green apple books down the street before or after.
Food is too oily and salty
Crispy chicken, Burma beef curry, mango shrimp, jackfruit spring roll - everything is great!
Came here for lunch. Due to the weather, there was absolutely no line and we got a seat almost immediately. Good stuff. Usually you have to wait for 1 hour to get a seat here.The food was good. The tea leaf salad is good, but I don't understand why the big fuss over it. We were asked if we wanted vegetarian or not, and we said not. But what came out had no meat...so I assume vegetarian is no fish sauce? I don't get it. We also had the sesame chicken over fried rice. It was good, but the sauce is overly sweet. Service was good and bad. There were two guys there who were very friendly and nice. I brought a dessert, and we were cool to pay extra for the plates and such. But I guess one of the waiters were new and didn't realize. A different waitress decided to remind him, but she pulled him barely aside to tell him. I could clearly hear her chastising him. Its very unprofessional. Overall, its an OK experience. But if I had to wait the usual amount of time to get in, I'd go somewhere else.
As a vegetarian, I ordered two items yesterday for take-out : the Samusa soup and Burmese vegetarian noodles. The soup reminded me of Indian street food pani-puri but with cabbage and in a liquid form. I would give it 3.5 stars. What really impressed me were the noodles. They were served at room temperature and were still so flavorful! I emptied out the whole carton last night even though my stomach kept advising otherwise. I clearly had to save my self-discipline for a lesser food joint.
There is no going back - you simply must go here. Vegetarians rejoice, 3 of the top 4 items here are ALL veg friendly. The Staff is polite, timely and wonderful despite the wait / lines of people. You hardly ever feel rushed and there is a delightful sense of wonderful food.
Had the Burma Star Combo.
This place was awesome! I've been meaning to go here for a while but just hadn't made it all the way over to the inner richmond. But the samusa soup and the tea leaf salad are both amazing! If you get that and maybe a noodle dish its plenty of food for two. I'll definitely be going back soon.
Finally got my butt to Burma SuperStar! We got there at 1 pm on a Saturday, and only had to wait half an hour. Not as bad as I thought the wait would be. Once we finally got seated, we ordered the Samusa soup and the Garlic Noodles with BBQ Pork. The soup was phenomenal. I understand the rage now. I love the texture the little fried bits gives it. It's a hearty soup, much more than would be expected from a vegetarian dish. I loved it. The garlic noodles on the other hand were "meh". I was disappointed. In one word: boring; and I did not expect anything "boring" to come out of a restaurant that has over 2000 reviews! OK, so maybe we ordered the wrong thing and should have just done the predictable Tea Leaf Salad, but still! I expected fireworks from anything out of this place. We also had the Mango Coconut juice, which was killer. Loved it. The service was great too.
Food isn't too expensive. The flavor is pretty good, but could be on the saltier side. Tea leaf salad, vege soup, chicken rice, and curry noodles. Service was satisfactory. Little wait when you go at opening time. I'm looking forward to going back sometime. Food didn't knock my socks off, but pretty good.
The reviews were excellent, but I didn't believe them. I had to see for myself. I wasn't expecting much--I guess I didn't want to be disappointed... Was I ever wrong! The food was outstanding and the service was excellent, even during a very busy lunch rush. You HAVE to go here. Just do it. You won't regret it.
This place is incredible. Get the Tea Leaf Salad. and anything else.
Disclaimer: Likely the first time I've had Burmese cuisine, and so I can't say that this review will be very reliable. That said, thanks to Burma SuperStar, this surely won't be the last time I try out Burmese! We ordered: the tea leaf salad, veggie somusa soup, oxtail claypot stew, braised pork belly, and duck noodles. The tea leaf salad was pretty good -- the fried garlic and nuts added a nice crunch to the texture, the tea flavor wasn't as overwhelming as I had initially feared, and, especially in light of our other meaty, fattier plates, the dish provided our meal a refreshing balance. I really loved the depth of the oxtail, but felt that the star anise flavor was a tad heavy. The garlic duck noodles were just a tad salty, but was pretty yummy otherwise -- duck grease, though, is a guilty pleasure of mine, and so some might find the fattiness a bit much. The pork belly was all right - again, a bit too sweet/salty, but kept a nice tender texture, and the tangier mustard greens gave it some balance. The somusa soup was pretty decent - the crunch from the fried somusas provided a fun texture to a pretty well-seasoned veggie broth. Warning: the wait can be too much at times, so do plan to spend up to an hour or more waiting. My group decided to put our names down and visited the coffee shop across the street.Would not hesitate to recommend to a friend.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Always a wait and always worth it. Try the Platha and Dip for an appetizer, can't find anything like this anywhere else.
I am not a very adventurous eater, but I am so glad to have tried the Burmese food here when asked to accompany a friend. Like everyone says, the Tea Leaf Salad is really special. So was the dumplings. A long wait to get in. And noisy. But awesome food.
I visited Burma SuperStar on a Friday at 3:00 p.m. and somehow, the restaurant was still completely packed. My friend and I were lucky though, in that there was one table open. Their lunch specials are served until 3:30 and we ordered:Nan Gyi Dok ($9.50): I ordered this because it had a "*" next to it, indicating that it was a Burmese dish. I don't really know much about Burmese cuisine, so I thought it was worth a try. It's Burmese rice noodles with a creamy coconut curry sauce, chicken, hardboiled eggs, split yellow peas, fried onions and a splash of lemon juice. The waiter mixes all of the ingredients in front of you, which is pretty interesting- but I don't really understand why it isn't just pre-made because they don't ask you how you'd like it prepared (with more of one ingredient or excluding any ingredients). Either way, it was pretty okay. Mongolian Chicken ($9.95): My friend wanted to order this, and it tasted like Mongolian chicken from any other restaurant. It came over what I think was Burmese fried rice- it was yellow. It was a bit harder/denser than white rice that I'm used to, but still good. Coconut Juice ($4.50): This came in the coconut- it was really cute. My friend absolutely loves coconut juice and thought this so cool. Overall, the service was fine, although my water glass was empty for a while. The restaurant is lively because it's always busy. It might be worth a try, but I am not sure if it lives up to the hype.Notes:-Parking in the area may be difficult depending on the time. -They don't take reservations.
I can't believe this place has over 2000 reviews. It is definitely over hyped because I think it is "exotic" compared to other Asian food. I came here for a late lunch and luckily there wasn't a wait because it sure wouldn't have been worth it. Anyways, we ordered the:Tea Leaf Salad: Tasty but very simple and portions are small. It was the crunchiness and fish sauce that added a delicious kick to it. Although it was good, this is something that could easily be made at home.Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice: This was okay, nothing amazing. The rice was a little dry but the chicken was tender. It needed just a little more flavor. The best thing I liked about this place was the service. Our waiter took the time to point out each ingredient in the Tea Leaf Salad and actually mixed it up for us at the table. I would come back to try their other dishes if I was in the area and if there wasn't a wait. Basically, if its convenient. Other than that, this is just another typical Asian restaurant.
By the exterior of this establishment, it's easy to dismiss this place as another dim, hole in the wall type restaurant on Clement. You have to wonder what about this place that consistently draws a line out the door. To be honest, after my second visit here, I still have no idea why when there are plenty of alternatives in the city. =/ Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but definitely not as impressive as the line. This past monday, I came here with a group of friends for dinner. We all assumed that there will be a 2 hour wait since there is not an option to reserve a table ahead of time. and much to our surprise, the waitress called after only 30 mins of waiting that our table was ready. Not bad. We each ordered a dish and shared it family style.Here are my notes;Food:-Tea Leaf Salad (large): most of you will prolly disagree with me but, i actually prefer the tea leaf salad at B Star Bar. Too much going on with this dish...a little too busy for the taste bud. Whereas B Star Bar, it's a little more simple and you can taste the ginger and the tea leaf without the interference of 10 other components in this dishPhoto: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw-Burmese Samusa (vegetarian): hearty potato curry-type filling. the red sauce was a nice addition to this dish to kick up the spice.Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw-Mohinga (catfish chowder): this was the winning dish. it's a must-try! it had the right amount of spice and it was hearty.Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw-Spicy Lamb: I didn't try this one... not a fan of lamb but everyone else seemed to enjoy it.Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw-Spicy and Crispy Chicken: sweet, tangy with a bit of heat in the sauce. def an appetizing dish.Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXwDrinks: Thai Iced Tea: Too much milk and kinda watered down. That or the tea needed to be steeped a little longer. Eh.Ginger lemon beer: Very refreshing! Perfect on a hot summer day or a drink to refresh your palate after some heavy dishes.Bill (Photo): yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw
I went here with a friend before she flew out to visit family in Asia. The food was just delicious - I'd love to go back! After the meal I had an digestif - a shot of pear brandy. That really hit the spot.
Just great food and good service all around.
What happens when you hit up a restaurant that everyone hypes up? You may fall prey to disappointment. Excellent service from the friendly and patient staff.. what really surprised me was the wait staff's patience with our rather large party and their help in ordering (since most of us haven't been here). Water cups were always filled and the dishes came out in a timely manner. Overall the food was good, but as not as impressive as the line outside the restaurant.Our indulgences for the night:Tea Leaf Salad: nice, but a little bit to busy for my palate. Unfortunately the overabundance of flavors digressed the main ingredient of the dish.Burmese Samusa: a good tasting samusa with just the right curry kick. Potatoes were perfect in consistency and the accompanying red dipping sauce complimented well.Moh Hinga: WOW.. a catfish chowder that didn't taste fishy or funky. Nice and hearty, it's a perfect dish for chilly San Francisco nights.Chili Lamb: Eh.. it's aight (ebonics for alright.. if you are new to my reviews, for future reference.. I often use ebonics and ghetto-tastic references) Best way to describe this dish...uh.. taste like Mongolian Lamb at any typical Chinese resto. Spicy and Crispy Chicken: Unfortunately the first thought that came to mind after biting into this dish was PANDA EXPRESS orange chicken. Nuff said.Nan Gyi Dok: Curry Chicken with rice noodles. Clearly this was one of my favorite dishes of the night. Done perfectly with just the right amount of curry.Dried Fried String Beans: Not bad, but lacking the kick I was expecting. Definitely not on par with San Tung's Dry Fried String Beans ( yelp.com/biz/san-tung-ch )Coconut Rice: Yumm. What sucked was the rice came out with the order of jasmine rice on the same plate (not everyone wanted coconut rice) and it wasn't explained after it was brought out. So some got coconut rice and ate it... and didn't notice.. hrmm..
1st off I was way to hung over to eat here! OMG I was pretty bad didn't have that much of an appetite! Some guy that my friend knew out in SF introduce us to this place, he was Burmese so he ordered everything. and plus my friend lived right around the corner and I would walk by all the time and see how pack it was. A lot of people come to Burma so I wanted to see what it was all about.I tried two different salads and they were both unique, different but they were good sorry I forgot the name. We also order rice, and cocanut rice. All I remember we order was the beef and chicken. Both were good, the beef plate had pumpkin in it which was really differ. I think the beef and chicken had this brown sauce maybe curry, I dunno. I would want to go back with bigger appetite and not hung over so I can actually taste the food there. Even being hungover it was still pretty good.- Enjoy
Ok soo parking can be challenging for this area and this place always has a line! But its cause the food is that good! But you can put your name on the wait list and give them your number and just walk around and check out the area if you have never been there is a cute coffee shop across the street and a bookstore that I always go to with friends when we have to wait and its always worth it! Rainbow salad and tea leaf salad are my favorite salads here. Tons of good stuff to try tho.
Woohoo! Finally get to try this place with a few attempts in the past coming here for dinner. It gets SUPER PACKED. Expect a 2 hour wait especially near the weekends. I never had the patience to wait around that long so I always left...So this time i came during their lunch hour. yay. We had the cured pork lettuce wraps, garlic noodles & their chicken w/ lotus roots & asparagus over a bed of yellow rice. yum. I loved everything but the garlic noodles. I hate how the garlic noodles were topped with raw slices of onions...yuck. I've had much better.I would totally recommend this place & would love to come back sometime soon to explore the rest of their menu. Yay im a fan!
Dare I say it? The food here is not that good. It gets 4 stars because the service is awesome and I welcome a change from the thai-vietnamese domination of southeast asian food. However, the classic burmese dishes like oh no kauswer and the tea leaf salad are not as good as they should be.Feel free to slaughter me now for such blasphemy, but my wife is burmese and those dishes can be done better. There is a lot of fusion going on here, and while I'm not a purists who lives-and-dies by the flag of authenticity, I left this place wishing they had not watered down the flavors for the masses (and there are plenty of masses as evidenced by the immediate line of fan-dom that forms prior to opening). That being said, I did stuff my face and drink lots of ginger beer, so maybe these criticisms are a little bit hypocritical.
My introduction to Burmese food...couldnt have asked for anything more. The samusa soup, tealeaf salad and basically everything else is amazing!! Riduculous wait. Would totally do it over and over again.
Waits are long, causing the restaurant to kinda act like a hot blonde - impatient and disinterested. They really don't need to be polite when taking reservations. One guy had me on hold for 10 minutes, then another girl answered with "Yeah?". She called me again 10 minutes before the reservation to make sure we were still coming and I assured her we were blocks away. When we got there, there was a down arrow next to my name, not sure what that means. But we ended up getting a great seat. The wait staff is friendly and provides good service. The food is tasty and moderately priced.
Definitely we will be back, food was amazing . Rainbow salad was amazing.
The curries are pretty good, but the fish is the real star. I think it is rock cod, which I can not get enough of. They prepare it very well.
So what can I say that hasn't been said in 1500+ reviews already? The wait is long but totally worth it. The staff are really nice and want to make your experience great. The food is fabulous and don't underestimate the spice when you ask to make it "really spicy." Fantastic, wonderful, loved it. I wish the wait was shorter.
got a bad stomach the both times I ate here. over hype of a place and overpriced for what they offer. overall not impressed!
I had been wanting to check this place out for a while. Especially after hearing all the raves over there salads.So being that we were in San Fran,and craving a salad, we decided to swing by and check them out.Well, we get there and it's certainly much smaller than I had envisioned. Though it had an incredible warm and friendly atmosphere that was very inviting. Not to mention it smelled incredible.I had heard a sea of raves over the Tea Leaf salad, so I pretty much had and idea before hand, of what I was going to order. My B.F ordered the sesame chicken and we also ordered a small side of the Coconut rice...YumSo first the salad arrives and to be honest, I was expecting a little more. After all I was a little hungry and it didn't look like anything special. It was a variety of beans, sunflower seeds, peanuts, green tea leafs ect... all on a chopped bed of lettuce that our very friendly waiter beautifully tossed together for us to eat. Wow, I'm not sure all the exact ingredients within this salad, but they all complemented each other wonderfully, and turned out to be very flavorful and tasty.I really liked the Sesame chicken mores so, flavor wise. I would have ordered something a little more filling, if I would have known before hand.Salad was still great just did not hit the spot.Still having a little room, we ordered the Jackfruit desert which is some kind of mango type fruit and banana fried on a crisp pastry shell with coconut icecream.The fried fruit was a little too sweet for my taste, though the coconut ice cream was delicious and the added mint leafs were a nice decorative touch. I actually ended up letting my B.F have the rest witch is very rare for me. I think it's a little over ratted, however the food is fresh and healthy, which is always good.The service was extremely friendly and the prices were not bad either. Im not jumping to go back, but if you're in the area and want to try something new it's worth trying out.
Always good food and fun times. The service is more than adequate, although you will definitely feel like that they are throwing food at you sometimes. The place is always busy so I am sure this is done to try and turnover tables as quick as possible. Be patient with the wait to be seated. The fresh and tasteful delights are usually worth it!
I've been here several times and all I can say is if you truly want some flavorful food, this is the place to be. The tea leaf salad is a must to try. I have not had a bad meal here. It is worth the wait even during the rainy days. Its a must try when in San Francisco.
In the last six months I've tried about a dozen Asian restaurants on Clement and Geary based on Yelp reviews, word of mouth and the SF Magazine article on the "best bowls" of the city (Burma Superstar was not on the list).My short summary for Burma Superstar is: if you want Burmese food go to Mandalay instead. It's just around the corner. The food and decor are both better, the prices are the same and there's no wait.There's nothing really wrong with the food at Burma Superstar, just nothing to justify the price or the wait. It's good, decent, but nothing special.I did takeaway here three times. In fairness all of the times I picked up the food (5:00-5:30 on weekdays) there wasn't a wait but it was filling up fast. Almost every other time I've been by here there have been at least a dozen people milling about outside.Overall I tried eight dishes based on personal preference and overall good ratings from Yelp. The only real loser was the coconut chicken with noodles (I was warned the dish was greasy without a lot of flavor and this assessment was accurate).  The Samosa Soup, however, is truly a unique dish, kind of like a crossbred Sweet and Sour Soup, satisfying with a low burn and the unexpected texture of the samosas. I'd return to pick this dish up. Otherwise the chili lamb was probably my favorite dish; there was a nice low burn and a decent amount of lamb though also a lot of onion and uneatable red chili peppers.  I enjoyed other dishes I ordered: tea leaf salad, pork bellies with mustard greens, pumpkin shrimp curry, classic burmese chicken with cardamon rice, and the peashoots. All the dishes were good, stick-to-your-ribs kind of comfort food but nothing outside the soup really stood out as extraordinary.  The dishes tasted homemade, not so much in a good way as a "hey, I could probably do something as good or better at home for a lot less money and not too much labor".
I've eaten here a handful of times and the food and service has always been excellent. The pork curry and coconut sticky rice is my absolute favorite. They always seem to be packed with people waiting to be seated. I suppose that speaks for itself!
Great food.... Go there early.... i went there before 6 for dinner and got seated like in 15 mins..interesting food... good south east-asian food~ i will go back again if i can manage to go there early~
Teal leaf salad and the samosa soup are my favorites here. i want to go back here again soon! i love the food here.
This place almost always seems to have a crowd out front, and I have been eagerly awaiting my SuperStar experience for awhile now. I'm happy to say- it was excellent, and I'm a fan! At 815 on a Tuesday there was a 20-30 minute wait. The small interior was packed and bustlin. We started with some lovely Rojja Tempranillo and a nice cucumber mojito- sweet and refreshing. For dinner, I highly recommend the tea leaf salad, as it definitely lives up to the hype. It's a great medley of crisp lettuce, tomatoes, fried garlic, toasted chick peas, peanuts, sesame seeds, sesame oil, jalapeno, tea leaves, and fresh squeezed lemon juice, all rolled together. The rainbow salad, which was quite similar but with four different types of noodles as the base, was amazing! Incredibly fresh, with very bright, yet light flavors of fresh fruit, herbs, lemon juice, and a lovely tamarind sauce. It also had the fried garlic, chic peas, and a variety of other tid bits that added a wonderful crunchy texture. I hope to eat this again in the very near future. Samusas- a nice appetizer, but I enjoyed the soup version better than the fried originals. The soup has a heavy, thick and somewhat creamy broth with some sort of noodle, potato, and falafel thing going on. Rich and satisfying, although a bit on the salty side.Last note- a side of rice with coconut milk is a really great accompaniment to anything spicy.
Coconut Rice = da bomb.
Amazing happy hour prices.
My brother took our family here on a Friday night and it was amazing. There are quite a few things on the menu, but everything we had was delicious, including the pitchers of drinks we ordered. The wait can a little long sometimes, but food is well worth it.
Yes, there is a long wait at most times, but it's absolutely worth it! On my first visit, we planned ahead and arrived at 6pm on a Monday (party of 2)... we waited under 10 minutes, so it CAN be avoided if you're flexible on timing. I also know this was lucky (there was a line down the block half way through the meal. Really delicious food and fun, friendly atmosphere. Despite how busy the were, the staff were all very nice and attentive. Based on our conversation as we got to the table, it was clear this was our first visit. The mother and daughter at the table next to us immediately leaned over and told us which dishes were their favorites and gave lots of helpful recommendations. We went with the classics/ mostly highly recommended dishes, and were so happy with all the flavors! Had the tea leaf salad (a must!!), Samusa soup (I could eat this every day it was so yummy, and perfect comfort food for a cold SF summer night), and the Burmese Style Curry with Lamb (tender meat and super flavorful). I'm sure it's a slightly "Americanized" version of Burmese food, but it's delicious and I can't wait to go back to try more.
This is by far on the top of my list of delicious, heavenly, comforting, food. I've had quite a number of dishes here, and I have to say practically everything is delicious! I've taken friends here and recommended it to others, and it has never disappointed.Dish #1: Samusa soup! (Talk about Food-Gasm)Dish #2-7: Mint Chicken, Eggplant Curries, Pork, Shrimp Pumpkin Curry, Lamb dish (I don't eat lamb but all my friends said it was very good), and other dishes... simply amazing.The only thing that I probably wouldn't get is some of the noodles. I found that the other dishes exceeded these, in terms of flavor.Make sure to get the Coconut Rice! Can't wait to go back again!!
BURMA SUPERSTARLooking for some exotic Southeast Asian cuisine, look no further, as Burma Superstar makes a grand entrance. If you like Thai, Malaysian, Cambodian, etc. food, then Burmese food should also satisfy your palate, as the cuisine is similar in scope but also offers its own unique tastes and aromas. The tea leaf salad was particularly good, and is certainly special.Tea Leaf Salad*Featured on Food NetworkYes, we really do go to Burma to get the tea for this salad, and it's worth the trip. With textures from fried garlic, peanutsVegetarian Samusa Soup*Featured on Food Network and Bay Area Backroads!Even though it's vegetarian, this remains our most popular soup for both meat eaters and vegetarians alikeVegetable Curry Delux*Burma Superstar's special curry made with tomatoes, squash, eggplant, lentils, and tofuBurmese Style Curry *(shrimp or catfish)Burma SuperStar's speciality curry made with tomatos. Medium spicyGarlic Chili Shrimp*Wok tossed shrimp in our garlicky infused oil, and topped with toasted garlicThe food is plentiful, aromatic, full of spices, and bursting with flavor! On top of the coconut rice, it's heavenly!!! Yummy! Do yourself a favor and give this place a try, but be warned, many others are doing the same; hence, Burma Superstar gets immensely packed and the lines stretch outside for quite a bit. The restaurant takes no reservations, so expect a long wait, but it is well worth it.
Came by for a late lunch and were immediately seated. Neither of us has had Burmese food so we weren't sure what we were in for. But we were both pleasantly surprised.We started off with the Samusa soup, which we both liked a lot. It seems like a soup that is made of left overs but it's really good. There's random chunks of stuff in there. That might not sound too appetizing, but it really was good.Next we had the mint chicken and the chicken tofu kebat. Both were good, but not knock your socks off good like the samusa soup. The service was good and helpful. We'll definitely come back to try the tea leaf salad.
I really love it here. The wait is usually pretty long but, it's always worth it in the end. I always get the rainbow salad. The sesame chicken is always good. The pea shoots, riblets, samosas.....nomnomnomnomnom. Definitely a big fan!
Came here twice in the past few weeks: 11/08/2011 - Met up with my buddy before we photographed a show downtown. Got the lettuce cups appetizer. And had the Chile Lamb and Oxtail with Coconut rice.OMG! The flavors for everything just made it the perfect mix. I don't know how to described the pallette. If you're into hot foods, then the Chile Lamb is for you, although the Thai chiles in it were NOT hot. It's a really great place to bring a date, if you time everything perfectly. There are no reservations, but you can call ahead to get on "the list" for that night. It's a good way to save time instead of waiting. If you know you're going to be waiting, they serve hot tea outside, Rockit Room is down the street for drinks. Green Apples bookstore to browse through books, or the fish petstore to oggle the lionheads. 11/22/20113 of 4 roommates made it for Thanksgiving dinner.Had the tea leaf salad, beer, chile lamb, and something else I dont remember; maybe the pumpkin curry. Spent all the time drinking and laughing at the community table.I will try the whole menu before the end of this year!
Burma SuperStar was on my "must try" list for my trip to SF due to all the Yelp hype about the famous Tea Leaf Salad.The salad wasn't what I expected but it didn't disappoint. I pictured a salad made with fresh tea leaves instead of lettuce. In fact, the Tea Leaf Salad is a fairly normal salad (lettuce, various nuts and seeds, lemon juice, etc.) with a dollop of pickled tea leaf paste. The tea leaves are used as more of a dressing. Regardless it's excellent, unique, and worth the trip to Burma SuperStar.My main was the Pumpkin Shrimp Curry. Wasn't that impressed with this one. It was actually a little bland and the shrimp weren't all that great. Perhaps the other curries are better.To drink I had a mango coconut juice which was amazing.
This review is based on customer service only.I came here yesterday to enjoy my birthday. I've always wanted to eat here, but for many reasons never had. I thought I finally was getting my chance! We came here around 1:30 and the line wasn't too bad. My guy signed us up and we began to wait patiently and plan our meal using the menu outside.Until the hostess decided to skip us over. We watched a few table of twos get seated before us. When he asked what was up, she brushed him off of her mistake and said we would be next.He then went to us the bathroom and I stepped inside to warm up for a moment while he used the facilities. She then rudely approached me and asked if I had signed up. I said yes, we're the ones you have been skipping over. She then raised her voice and told me she did no such thing, despite having admitted it to the boy. She then very rudely told me to "get out and wait outside".I was so angry we left. I was not about to be treated like that, and on my birthday to boot. We were going to be late for a show we had tickets for and if she hadn't skipped us so many times we would have gotten to eat a meal before the show. Instead we ended up grabbing dim sum to go and eating in the car.I know this place will never hurt for business, but I can't imagine ever giving them a second chance, which is a shame because I've always heard great things about the food here. But I can get good food and great service other places and would rather give those types of places my business.
Always amazing! Love the texture of the Tea Leaf Salad. The garlic noodles are super tasty and not too oily, and I can never get enough coconut rice!
Five Stars! Exceeded my expectations. We went to it as it was convenient located across this coffee joint, where we were hanging out.Try the spicy Lamb and Tofu Tower, scrumptious!
Rundown- The wait is long - be prepared. Small location- The food variety is good- I truly believe the quality has gone down- Don't be fooled, the "sister" location does not have the same menuI used to go to SF craving Burma SuperStar. When I was in town, I asked my friend to make a trip to Burma SuperStar to satisfy my cravings. However, I doubt I will crave this place again. My previous trip to Burma SuperStar, my friend and I were told that we should head over to the "sister" restaurant down the street to avoid a long wait. My friend asked if the menu was the same and the hostess said yes. Sadly, when we sat down, we found out that the menu was limited and didn't have the dish that we always order. My most recent trip to this location wasn't great either. The quality of the dishes seemed to have gone down and just didn't taste the same. My friend and I were disappointed and have now crossed this place off on our usual places to eat while I'm in SF. We normally order the following:- Tea Leaf Salad - I love the variety of flavors in the salad. They tell you the ingredients before you eat the salad. Just ask them to mix the salad for you.- Burmese Style Curry (Catfish) - A usual favorite. However, the last plate had too many bones and the catfish tasted very muddy. Seems like they used nothing but the leftovers to make the dish. Never a pleasant experience.- Coconut Rice - Small portions, however it is a necessity when eating the dishes at this restaurant. We have also tried the following:- Riblettes - On the sweeterside but very yummy. They really are small. - Mint Chicken - I recently tried this and it was good. Good flavors and had a hint of spicy to it. In about a year, I might consider going back. However, after my last experience, I have to give it a 3 star.  I'll update if I ever go back.
Living on the other side of the city now... but thinking about that tea leaf salad. I may need to make another trip soon!
I've always known this to be a popular restaurant, but I think Food Network introducing their Tea Leaf Salad at Burma Superstar has skyrocketed their numbers. Because of the crowd, I've actually always avoided Burma Superstar and opted for Mandalay (which is good Burmese food too btw and only a couple blocks away!).The wait wasn't too long for a friday afternoon! I signed my name on a list for 2 but I was seated in probably 15 minutes. Don't be afraid! This place moves fast so it's not such a dreadful wait to be seated.......it's an entirely different story concerning the waiter service though! I waited longer to actually place my order than I did waiting for a table outside. I had to look all antsy, turn around in my chair, and wave a very distracted looking waitress down. She apologized for the wait but I was already in a bit of a sour mood. The wonderful aromas in the restaurant and all the chattering plates and laughter surrounding me had made me bitter I had no food in front of me yet! (I get super grouchy when i'm hungry!)I LOVE THE SAMUSAS! Not just my favorite dish here, but one of my all time favorite appetizers ever. I was able to get 3 samusas for the lunch time portion and they were just luscious fried pockets filled with curry, potato, and an array of flavors that happily entertained my palate.Tea Leaf Salad - Naturally I had to order it.. I actually wasn't too fond of it. It's definitely different and each bite you taste something different. The tea leaf and lemon juice is a bit overpowering. I like the variety of peanuts, sunflower seeds, and sesame seeds though. Seems like a chinese chicken salad with more of a kick. I'm glad I tried it but I think this will be the only time I'll order it.PASS on the Garlic noodles (with Duck). If you want garlic noodles - go to Thanh Long. It was bland with absolutely no garlic flavor. Reminded me of a luke warm noodle salad. I knew I should've had a coconut curry noodle dish!I'll be here again! I just know I didn't order correctly. And I hope they hire more staff..
This was definitely a better experience compared to the one I've been to in Alameda. We had a group of 10 and got to the restaurant at least 20 minutes before they opened at 5pm to get seats. Lines started forming right after we arrived so good thing we got there early!AMBIANCE: comfortable, a bit small but very cozySERVICE: Superb! our waiter was really nice and make some good recommendations.FOOD: EXCELLENT. My friend's mom is from Burma so she knew exactly what to order and what's good. Right away we ordered and the food came out pretty quick. We ordered numerous dishes ranging from samusas, to noodle soup and curry, to salad and lamb. Every single dish was savoring and flavorful!It is really like a fusion between certain Asian dish with Indian dish. GREAT Experience!I will for sure come back for more! The only downside is probably the price- it's not exactly a cheap meal....but I think its well worth it.
Best food in San Francisco- the platha and dip appetizer melts in your mouth. They don't take reservations, and the wait is long, but it is definitely worth the wait. However, I suggest going on a night when you want an early dinner- they close between lunch and dinner, and if you arrive between 5 and 5:30, there is usually little or no wait.
LOL WHAT?!? You haven't been to Burma Superstar? Where the *#*(# have you been? People don't come to SF for Alcatraz, Pier 39, or the Golden Gate Bridge. Add up all the aforementioned number of reviews for and it still doesn't add up to 1600 total reviews for Burma Super*, but now 1600 AND 1!!- insider tip, there's a BSS in Alameda that you can drive to, order and finish your food, and then drive back to the city before you sit down at this location. The line is just ridiculous here. I want to see the line of hungry people waiting outside of BSS and San Tung battle it out. Those two hungry groups make a formidable mob. Don't drink the tea leaf salad kool-aid and don't have high hopes because they will be shattered. Mingalaba in Burlingame is only about, well actually - just stay in line at BSS. I like having Mingalaba still relatively unknown.
Good food. -1 star because the wait to be seated is usually an hour or more even at 10p on a weekday.
I am here to say the lines are worth it! LOVED my meal here. I've been on a Burmese food kick lately and this is by far the best place I've tried in the Bay Area.My table of 3 ordered both the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad (almost didn't do both but SO glad we did!) Both were exquisite. We also ordered the vegetarian samusa soup. I'm glad we tried it, but it didn't blow me away.We also ordered the mint chicken and pumpkin pork stew. Both were amazing. The mint chicken was diced, and the mint wasn't overpowering. The coconut rice on the side paired perfectly with both.For dessert we had some sort of coconut custard wontons with coconut ice cream on top (I can't remember the name.) They were, of course, amazing.Service was so incredibly friendly--loved that our server was knowledgeable and had opinions on the dishes! Makes all the difference when ordering. I will DEFINITELY be back.
Awesome from start to finish. Fiery Tofu Veggies and Coconut Rice ...Yum. Plus the Tea Leaf Salad. Service is great... Fast and attentive. Only draw back is the wait for a table. But go to either The Bitter End or The Plough for a drink while waiting.
I first came here when it was a different owner, and it had the small restaurant vibe with great food. But since the outburst of popularity and new owner, it was clear that the food started cartering to non-Burmese customers. I have quite a few Burmese friends and they all comment on the lack of quality and flavor. I'm not amused. However, this place still functions as a great restauant, esp for someone wtih no Burmese food experience. If you want to get a taste of Burmese food I recommend this place. But the wait is ridiculous. I don't think it's worth waiting 2 hours to eat here.
Luckily I was fortunate to eat here before reading all the good reviews and hype on yelp. Prior to my experience here, I would pass by this place while it was busy, but never thought it would satisfy my palette. I found their website and immediately fell in love with their menu. I guess the SAMOSAS caught my eye! Now I have to try this place out.Two THUMBS UP! The food was comforting and full of taste. 1. Vegetable Samosas2. Pork Curry and Potatoes 3. Mango Beef4. Vegetarian Samusa Soup5. Coconut and white rice6. Rainbow SaladThe only cons would have to be the wait and the small seating space inside. If you only have a party of two, the wait is only 15 minutes, any more, you'll be waiting for more than 30 minutes. They will also refer you to there sister restaurant 'B star' down the street if the wait is too long. Burma Superstar is a place to eat if you're looking for a warm and heartwarming meal; food for your SOUL!
Best spot on the block!!!!! #TruuuStory #PumpNation
Burma yes! Superstar No! I've heard from many to check out Burmasuperstar. Many of them however has also mentioned, the location became lackluster ever since the original owners sold it off (the Eastbay Locations are supposedly better). Since, I've been to Yamo , Little Yangon & BStar, I decided to give Burmasuperstar a shot. I simply took the safe route and ordered items that were highly recommended by other yelpers:1) Tea Leaf Salad - I'll be honest, the Tea Leaf salad was simply mediocre. They use lettuce instead of cabbage which is not traditional. Lettuce did not grow in Burma. The lettuce throws the flavor off by being such big slices and doesn't blend with the other ingrediants well. Super thinly sliced cabbage would def. make this salad better. There seem to be too much Sesame oil and not enough fish sauce. I would not order this again.2) Rainbow Salad - This salad def. reminds me of a Vietnamese Vermicelli Noodles w/ out the egg rolls or meat. The texture did not have enough contrast as the description mentioned. The flav. was simply ok...more of a cold noodle dish than a salad. I would not get this again.3) Samusa Soup - This soup is very interesting and filling. It had a potato / spice / slight sour taste to it. It seems like it would make an awesome soup for the morning since it's heavy due to the Samusa. I wish the Samusa itself was left on the side so we can put it into the soup and get more crunch out of it. I couldn't help myself but think this soup came to be as an afterthought where the inventor just threw a bunch of left over stuff into the soup. Overall, the flavor was not bad. I wouldn't get this again however/ 4) Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice - Of all 4 dishes I've tried, this is the best one! The chicken was very tender and the rice / raisins were a good contrast. There is a lot of Indian influence in this dish. I would highly recommend this dish. 5) Mango / Coconut drink - This drink is pretty yummy. I had a hard time tasting the coconut but the Mango was very velvety. It was also very filling and I'd recommend it.We came here around 2:50 and there were two people ahead of us. The wait was about 20 minutes which isn't too bad. I really expected more but was def. disappointed. The Tea Leaf salad at Yamo is much more flavorful and it's only $6 over there. I've yet to try Mandalay but I have tried Bstar (Which is Burmasuperstar's cheaper sister restaurant) and I think Bstar is much more flavorful. With other Burmese restaurants in the city, my urge to come back to Burma "No" Superstar is very unlikely.
It really is this good. Tea Leaf salad and samusa soup are my faves
The Tea Leaf salad is delicious, filling, and healthy! It's my go to at Burma Superstar.
I've always wanted to try Burma SuperStar but after reading Yelp reviews, I really didn't want to wait 1 1/2 for food....SOOO I came here for lunch exactly at 11:30 (when it opened) on a Sunday. Parking was okay. We were able to find a spot after circling around just once (must have been lucky). We ordered the Samusa Soup, Tea Leaf Salad, Fiery Beef with green beans and tofu and coconut rice. After ordering, the waitress asks if I was Chinese, and I told her I was. She then said that Chinese people don't like Samusa Soup because they find the taste a bit weird. She said that I would have liked this other soup that had ground up catfish in it. I would have been SOOOOOO mad at myself if I took her advice because I absolutely LOOOVED the Samusa soup. I loved how there were bits and pieces of Samusa and beans in there. This was really filing because it feed about 4 people, so between the two of us it was a lot. The tea leaf salad really is incredibly delicious! At first I was like, uh where's the dressing because all I saw was the guy squeezing some lemon onto the salad and mixing it up. I don't even know how the flavors blended together but the salad was really good...We probably shouldn't have ordered the beef and rice because after the soup and salad both of us were really full.The fiery beef and coconut rice were just okay for me. The beef was very tender but I felt like I could get this beef at any other Asian restaurant. The damage after eating was $50, a bit too much for Lunch but well worth it.
After 1,600+ reviews, what else can I say except this review is simply padding the stats. I do want to say that after writing almost 100 reviews or so, I've never had Burmese or vegetarian food until now - wow have they set the bar high.String Beans and Coconut rice, I can eat that for breakfast.That 22 item noodle salad - impressive.
I came here again today, Sunday, for lunch. We got here around noon and didn't have to wait. TIP: As you probably know, there are epic waits here, especially for dinner. I often write and do work across the street at Blue Danube Cafe late into the night, and I'll often see crowds of people in front of Burma Superstar at even around 9:30 or 10pm on any given weeknight. They don't take reservations, but I can tell you that, on weekends, you won't really have to wait if you come around or before 12:30pm. We left around 1pm today, and that's when we started to see the crowd congregate outside. Anyway, onto the foods today. Aite, here I goes again:+ Chicken samusas: Very delicious! Came with a slightly spicy, slightly sweet dip. The outside is very crispy and thin, similar to those thin sheets you use to make spring rolls. The inside was packed with good flavor and slight spice. I enjoyed this and would recommend!+ Vegetarian samusa soup: This is supposed to be a super popular and highly regarded dish (the menu says it was featured on the Food Network), but I just thought it was super salty. Two people in our party didn't finish the soup, myself included, because the saltiness overpowered the actual flavor of the dish. It was not worth the almost $10 cost. I would not get this again.+ Tea Leaf Salad: GET THIS. One of the most interesting, different, and tasty salads ever. + Nan Gyi Duk (Mild chicken curry with rice noodle): Just as delicious as the first time I tried it. The noodles are bouncy in your mouth, wonderful texture. The flavor is light, great spices. All the ingredients - the chicken, egg, cilantro, onions, etc. - it works very well together. This is my FAVORITE dish.+ Lamb curry: This was the first item listed under the curry section; their special curry. Delicious with a side of coconut rice. The spices of the curry and lamb work perfectly with the slightly sweet coconut rice. The only downside is the price = $13.75 for that curry = HELLA expensive. Get an order of coconut rice too. We got 2 orders for four people, and that was enough. I really like the sweetness of it. Very yummy.Plus, the service is consistently good. They are efficient, and the food comes quickly. The servers are gracious and very friendly = DO LIKE!The only downside = price. 5 dishes for four people, after tax and tip, was about $75. If I were to come back, I'd get the samusas, tea leaf salad, and chicken curry again. The soup was blah, and the lamb curry, while good, isn't a must-eat. The coconut rice, however, IS a must-eat (IMO), so you can probably get some other curry dish to go with that.In conclusion:Go early.Eat the recommended dishes.Leave happy and full.
Haven't been? Must go. Worth the wait and even better when you don't have to wait long. Everything on the menu is solid.Not a good place for large groups.
Besides El Charro in Tuscon, AZ being a top contender for my most favorite dish on this planet, Burma SuperStar in San Francisco is my ultimate number one meal. My death row meal, if you will.I had a few days of PTO, so I flew into SFO from JFK just to come back to this place. I don't even know where to begin with their food and rating...the only thing I usually remember from my trips there is asking (after waking up from my massive food coma on the place back to JFK) "And...I'll have a tea leaf salad as well, thank you". So here's the deal...because it's a long wait, go early and put your name in and then go across the street to the Coffee House (I'm sure they get a lot of business from people waiting in line from Burma SuperStar) and relax for awhile until you're up. My only complaint is that they don't have a place in my hometown of Manhattan. :( So do your taste buds a favor and go there now!Cheers...
Get the Rainbow Salad. Everyone gets the Tea Leaf Salad because it was on the Food Network once, but the Rainbow Salad is even better.
Small place but, this place was good! I'd give it 5 stars, if the wait wasn't long and the place was actually bigger, it was some what cramped but it the service was 5 stars. Green Tea Leaf Salad I think it was, was AMAZING! I'm craving for more!! Definetly coming back!
Five, five stars for you Burma SS! Boy do you deserve this high ass rating here in your yelpland dangerously close to the 3k rating mark.We went to celebrate a dear friends birthday and enjoyed the heck outta this delish food. Covered extensively by 2,996 reviews before me. Don't miss the peashoots though y'all - don't miss. I sort of dream about them. Is that awkward?But what took it over the top of our happy experience is the following.1. We are too full cause well - yum, how do you stop eating?2. But it's a birthday dinner - so we should have dessert right?3. Hemming and hawing follows. We finally decide, no. Thank you no.4. What arrives at the table? Lil scoop o green tea ice cream with a sparkly candle. Isn't that so sweet!?I mean, really. Heart them.
Burma SuperStar is good but way overrated. Their menu has a * to indicate which dishes were actually Burmese, and maybe 1/3 of their menu had the * symbol. The dishes were nothing special. Tastes like Asian food with spices. I tried a bit of this "Tea Leaf Salad" and I thought it was pretty good. The other dishes I tried were the chicken tofu kebat and the chili lamb. They were both flavorful but due to the fact that they were extremely salty. The coconut rice was good but it was $2.50 for one portion.This place is pricey but I suggest trying it at least once. Looks like most people here really like it.The service was actually very good. Our waiter told us he was an engineer in Sunnyvale. He must really enjoy waiting tables on the weekends.
Thank you for such excellent customer service! Joshua Corbin was the one that helped me and I cannot thank him enough; not only did he answer all my questions, (I had many!), but he did this in a patient, courteous manner. If only the world was filled with people like this!! Again, THANK YOU
it's so nice to be back to the restaurant, tea leaf salad is a knock out, but my all time favorite dessert "paluda" is taken off the menu list for good....very disappointing, but again, good to see the restaurant business is doing so well, happy to see this place would turn from a cozy quiet regional eatery into a local magnet
Food: 3.5 starsService: 3.25 starsValue: 3 starsI was around the Clement Street area last weekend and decided to try this restaurant because I was curious about their food as they always have long waiting line outside. We ordered their famous Tea Leaf Salad for starter. The special tea leaf from Burma was yummy and added a salty kick to the salad. Love it! We also tried the Vegetarian Samusa Soup and a Burmese Style Curry with Lamb. The soup was quite interesting in both the taste and texture. I couldn't tell what the ingredients are. On the menu, It says it is featured on Food Network and Bay Area Backroads! To me, the soup could be a lot yummier if it was not served luke warm...The lamb was too lean and tough to chew. I could tell it was not the best part of meat. When the waitress asked us what kind of rice we would like to go with the lamb, I said basmati. But then she said the coconut rice would be better. Well, okay! At the end, we found out they charged extra $2.5 for the small portion of coconut rice. Hm, doesn't she suppose to tell customers if there is an additional charge?Overall the food was nice and the service was good. I wouldn't mind to come back, but it is certainly not on top of my list.
Came here during lunch time a while back. I heard this place usually has a long line during dinner time, so we were lucky to have gotten seated right away during lunch.Ordered their famous tea leaf salad and the lamb curry with coconut rice. Salad wasn't as special as I expected it to be, but had over 10 items in it. (Had too much things in it, so couldn't tell what I was eating - fish sauce was a good touch, though). I don't usually order lamb, but since the server recommended it, I was hoping it would be good. Indeed it was! The meat was tasty and juicy, with no gammy taste whatsoever. The coconut rice that was served on the side with this dish was incredibly yummy! I could not get enough of it! It wasn't too sweet nor salty, just perfect!Would be back to try more items!
Awesome, delicious, flavorful, and well-priced.The restaurant is SUPER popular, so go early to get your name on the list as the wait can be incredible. Or go across the street to Blue Moon for a beer or coffee while you wait. Just FYI- there are 2 or 3 other Burmese restaurants in the area so if the wait is longer than you can stand, I'd move on.
This place is so damn good! Tea leaf salad and white sangria. Daaammmnnn.
Nothing bad about this place except the wait, but i think it is soooooo worth it!
Good food, but expect to wait an hour to be seated.
tea leaf salad all the time!
Consistently impressive time after time. Anytime friends or family come from out of town, this is one of the places I bring them them to show off the best of San Francisco.
Great food, nice little atmosphere. Filling and delicious. Don't miss it. Have heard of the epic lines at this place for dinner, but I've snuck in for an early lunch on 2 occasions w/o having to wait.
I love the food here and the drinks. ALWAYS a great food experience. I can't get enough of the tea leaf salad. Burma Superstar has somthing for everyone...I go with my vegan friends and with my meat loving boyfriend. The only downside and thus the lack of the fifth star, is how crowded it is, and how many times we have had miscommunications with the hostess and had to wait even longer for a table. Other than that, the service inside is great.
Again, I think the fact that this review is #1871 for this restaurant is really going to take it to the next level. All I can say is that this place is worth the wait. Plan on waiting for a table. That's just way it's going to be.This place is best with smaller groups. Don't bring your lame-ass auntie that thinks all Asian food is "Cha-neese" food or that douchebird roomie from college that only drinks pre-packaged snob vodka. No, folks. This is a down-home place that gets crowded, is loud, serves curries, ginger beers and has food that will spice your face OFF.For 2 people, you should order:sumusa souptea leaf saladchili lamb (spicy as hell)coconut riceDon't half step. Put your name & cell phone on the wait list hanging inside the door and go to a local bar and grab a beer while you wait.
Tea leaf salad...ambiance, service...lovely flavors to suit all palates.
I love Indian and I love Thai. This place is the perfect melody of both culinary worlds. Can't get enough of their food. It is soo good. I have been several times. Always order something new and I have never been disappointed. Will be back.
It took me 2 years to finally try this place. Every time I passed by, there's always a line outside for hours. Very difficult to get in, but with my luck, just casually walked by during lunch time and there were tables and no lines. I quickly change my lunch choice to Burma!I started with the Chicken Salad and Curry Chicken as my entree. Very flavorful and satifying. Service was excellent and waitress was attentive.
I was stuck between a two and a three. I'm still not sure. 2.5? I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I think I'm using that wrong. Anyway, I will recount to you folks my experience here. Bear with me.We called in, taking suggestions from fellow yelpers about the wait, and asked if there would be a long wait. They proceeded to tell us that there was NO wait and that we could just go and we would be seated right away. So what does it mean, when we get there, and we wait for 30 minutes to get in? Crap. Liars.But I was tired. I had a long day. It was cold. It stank outside. Then we were called in. Leggo. We got a seat right in the middle. The tables were sort of awkwardly placed but I'm not complaining. I think it was also cause of a random pole in the middle of the room. We ordered the 1) Spicy chicken with fresh basil, 2) Chili lamb, 3) Vegetarian tea leaf salad, and 4) Veggie curry deluxe. Boy. I have a lot to say.The first thing that came out was the Tea Leaf Salad. I have to admit, it was pretty goood. I would go back just to eat that. The only "bad" thing was the rushed service while giving us the salad. The waiter who brought it to us explained all the ingredients and was mixing it for us, but it was literally falling all over the table. One of the pieces of lettuce actually flew onto one of our plates... o_o No need to be aggressive with the salad.. it won't hurt you.The spicy chicken with fresh basil was pretty good, but I felt that it was a typical dish that I could have ordered (for cheaper) at a chinese restaurant. It was an average taste. The chili lamb on the other hand was blech. I think it was the cumin taste? Maybe I just don't like that taste, but it was not very appetizing and I definitely know the rest of my table would agree with me. I didn't try the vegetable curry (so I can't say much) but it really just looked like vegetables cooked in marinara sauce..... and I'm pretty sure that's why my sister said it tasted like. No one at the table really enjoyed that dish.Yeah... OH. But we also ordered rice. Coconut rice and cinnamon rice. The coconut one doesn't really taste like coconut, it tasted more like sweet rice so I guess I didn't mind too much. But I sort of wanted what I was asking for, you know? The cinnamon rice is pretty strong in the cinnamon flavor. You have to be careful with this one.. it might be too much to eat with other dishes with strong flavors.But yeah. It was nothing special. I just ended up full and unsatisfied.. I never round up for half stars, but after re-reading what I just wrote, I think that is what they deserve. I'm just too lazy to change to 2 stars. You're lucky Burma. But no superstar..
I guess a place with over 3000 reviews doesn't need another one, but I simply couldn't NOT write a raving review for this place. Over the several times we've been here, we tried the following incredible dishes: Tea Leaf salad (WOW such a unique and incredible flavor!), Rainbow salad, Chili Lamb, Lamb Curry, Walnut Shrimp, vegetable soup, and the incredible coconut rice. I can't decide which one of these dishes was my favorite because they were all unbelievably good. I especially recommend pairing the spicy Chili Lamb with the sweet coconut rice (what do they put in it?! I could it the whole portion by itself for dessert!) - the combination is fantastic. Can't wait to come back to SF and have more of this fantastic cuisine!
We got there on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm; it took about 5min to get a table. Tried the tea leaf salad and the Chili pork belly. The tea leaf salad is ok, but the fired beans in the salad is little hard. The chili pork belly is a little too fat.
I did enjoy this place. It was really Hyped up and I had high expectations but after going there with some really good friends one of which is Gluten free there was plenty for everyone! The service was top notch. I don't usually Yelp, but if this doesn't get filtered or screened I hope others go visit it! Great price!
came for lunch today and was so impressed. the food is incredibly complex with an amazing array of flavors. everything we had was so interesting! i had the eggplant + tofu and the cinnamon + cardamon rice (AH-MAZING!). we also tried the mango salad which was out of this world. i never thought i could love a fruit + greens salad so much. this place made me want to travel to burma. (i'm not even kidding).we came for lunch at exactly at 11:30. it got packed quick. there was only one server on staff that i could tell and she was busting her butt with a smile as this place was packed like it was a dinner service. stellar attitude, we really appreciated her.
Really, Yelp? This place has 2700+ reviews?We came after 9 and assumed there wouldn't be a wait. The host told us 45 minutes, but called us back after about 15. The inside of the restaurant is clean and well-maintained, which I didn't expect given the neighbourhood. Service was great. We checked in on Yelp and both got free Thai iced tea, which was decent -- nothing special.We ordered the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, and burmese curry. All mediocre. I was excited to try the salad after hearing so much about how great it is, but the flavours weren't as interesting as I hoped. It was good, but not explosive. The spiciness in the samosa soup was surprising, but the overall soup was a little disappointing. The burmese curry was incredibly plain -- it had no kick, no twist, nothing.Sorry, Burma. I'm not a fan.
This is the first restaurant I ever ate at with friends in San Francisco. While hardcore Burmese foodies think this is generic, I have always been a fan. It is an easy place to take out-of-towners, and they always seem to enjoy a cuisine that is not found in most other places. Staples are the tea leaf salad, the samosa soup, and any of the curry dishes. The service is always great, and there are plenty of other small eateries to check out while you are waiting in line.
I've gone here three times and it has gotten continually better. The first time was almost 10 years ago and I had a horrible experience with the wait staff and their food was mediocre. I went again about two years ago, and again last year and I can say the food and service has gotten continually better. The shrimp and tea leaf salad is my favorite! I hope to hit the spot agan soon!
Very long queue, be ready to wait. The food is really awesome, a different taste from what you're used to
Burma was once know to be the kingdom of dynasties w/long reigning kings and a host to wide varieties of delicious foods and exotic local dishes. Let's see if this place lives up to the legendary foods from the homeland.Firstly, there's ALWAYS a line to get in here and it's 99% white peeps, so I was circumspect about this place a while ago. Luckily my gf and I happened to come by late on a Monday night, so there was no line and we got seated immediately.Onto the food! Upon looking at the menu I was hoping to see such things as; Mohinga, Kat kyi hnyat, Ohn-no khao sw, or some Mont Di. Instead I was greeted w/the likes of; Spicy crispy chicken, garlic noodles, and coconut curry noodles. Really?!? How can you not have the national dish of your country? Where were the Shan, Mon, and Rakhine inspired dishes? Needless to say the food was really underwhelming and basically just plain old Chinese food that was presented to look a little better than a dim sum restaurants offerings.This place should be on the website stuff white people like b/c it does an injustice to TRUE Burmese food. I should've known better when there were no people of Burmese ethnicity eating here. Lesson learned.
I love this place! When I was a little kid my mom used to order me the curry chicken from here and I fell in love then. I'm 20 now and I regularly order take out from here as well as dine in on multiple occasions. Although this place gets busy, being a local means I can go on weekdays as well which aren't as busy! They've never messed up my order and they provide good service, what's not to love?
The food was good, but for the price point I expect a bit larger portion. The place is always busy, so getting a seat is a problem too. Really, I would say a 4 star, but with the battle for getting a seat, even during the week, (it's like all the time), I give it 3 stars. Service was mediocre, felt ignored at points, hard getting water refills and additional beer.
Loved their food! You don't come by too many Burmese restaurants, but if this is representative of Burmese food, I'm sold!!! Their tea leaf salad (appetizer) was probably my favorite. It's got a depth of flavor while being a nice, light salad. I also got their beef curry, which was amazing! I got a few other dishes with friends that ranged from meat to seafood, which I can't recall the names, but every single one of their dishes were great!
My boyfriend took me here cuz he heard a lot about it..and WOW, we were pleasantly surprised. We ate whatever the waitress recommended.And I have 3 words for you: TEA LEAF SALAD.The waiter said its ingredients and I'll be honest, I was like "dried shrimp and tea leaves in my salad? OMG." At first, I wasn't sure what to think cuz of the textures and tastes but, I think I loved it. LOL =PMy boyfriend and I were in total confusion cuz it's hard to believe that such ingredients would taste well together but, it really did --- IT WAS A PARTY IN MY MOUTH!!!
SOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD! The salad is amazing (and i don't like salads), the greens with garlic and wine sauce...amazing; the soups.....amazing....SUCH GREAT FLAVORS!!!The waiters are awesome and are always there to help you make a decision (it's a hard decision ....everything is REALLY gooooooood!)Loved it! Try it!
The food here was so fantastic. I got a ginger lemonade, the burmese samusas, tea leaf salad, and the Superstar vegetarian noodles. Everything was delicious and I was glad to have leftovers. We got here on the earlier side (maybe about 6:00) but still had to wait about 40 minutes. The service was friendly and attentive. We just wandered the neighborhood while we waited - they'll call your cell when your table is ready.
If you are a Yelper and you haven't been to Burma SuperStar (the most reviewed place on the face of the earth), it's like saying you're a priest and haven't ever been to church. Make the holy pilgrimage. I've never had Burmese food before this, and my Burmese friend who brought me here characterized it as Thai (a bit), Indian (curry heavy but not overwhelmingly pungent), and Malaysian (similar flavor profiles). All in all - a fantastic experience. Here's what I remember: The tea leaf salad - I see people at the restaurant not eating this dish and I get upset. There is no reason why you would be here and not get this dish. It's that necessary. The chicken dahl - amazingly tender, fall-off-the-bone chicken simmered in a slightly sweet bright red sauce.
The samosa soup is awesome. The tea leaf salad also amazing. Most other things that i tried were good. Everything is complimented well with the coconut rice.
Food is incredible. Service is iffy -- sometimes good, other times not so good.
Have been there a couple of times and always loved it.
I've been to Burma Superstar a couple of times. The food seems more fusion than authentic. There's so much hype that a 30 min-2 hour wait is standard. The tea leaf salad is good, but I've found better Burmese outside of the city.
Okay seriously, this place is WAY too overhyped. I was actually really disappointed, especially since this place gets such great reviews.Their tea leaf salad? Not that delicious, pretty, or exciting as other reviewers make it out to be. The only cute thing about it is that when it comes out, the server will explain to you whats on it before mixing it for you. Their coconut rice? You get kind of sick of it after a while and then will prefer regular white rice to complement your main dishes.Their catfish curry was also so salty -- we couldn't even finish it. There was only one dish we got that was actually good and that was their braised pork (very tender). Another good thing is that if you check-in through Yelp and show them, you get a free Thai iced tea.But still, sadly, so not a SuperStar.
You can read the other reviews to figure out what to order or ask your waitress/er. They'll be helpful with recommendations.Here are my thoughts:- Is this place worth the wait or the hype? Yes.- Come on a random week day evening; you'll probably have to wait but your wait won't be as long. I came on a Thursday evening and waited about 10 minutes. Plus parking will be more plentiful too. - They open late; don't be discouraged by their closing times.- Fantastic place for "low price luxury": great tasting, unique food with excellent wait serviceDefinite "Must Tries":- Tea Leaf Salad- Samusa Salad- Mango Chicken- Burmese CurryJust get everything.
Food & frozen treats are usually great BUT what happened to the famous Scooter Pies? They are 1/2 the size.
Citrus Chicken with Roasted Potatoes was delicious. Hint of spice but nothing overpowering.
This place is ok, but I don't understand why the long lines to get in.
Great food, nasty line. This place just seemed a little better back when nobody knew it existed.Now it's crowded & crazy, the food's still delicious, but the hassle is a bit much and the prices ain't what they used to be.(It's worth 20 mins of waiting, but not not 30. )Everyone should try this place and learn what Burmese food (at least SF-style Burmese food) tastes like. Then go to B-Star down the block for much more interesting and diverse options from the same family. After many years of frequenting both, I'm actually eating at B-Star a lot more...
Perhaps I was tainted by all the friends who raved about this place. It certainly always does draw a crowd, but IMO draws more attention than its food deserves.After waiting around 30 min on a weeknight for a table for 3, we were promptly seated. The clientele is probably more of what you might find in the Marina or Mission district.The food is somewhat reasonably priced (though a bit higher than other restaurants in the Inner Richmond area), and service is fast. Environment is friendly and not too loud.However, to be honest I was a bit disappointed in the food. Food came out fast, but we had the two specialties (tea leaf salad and the specialty soup). To be honest I didn't think the taste stood out as anything fantastic. If anything it was more just an average restaurant to me.I tried some of my other friends dishes as well. Food was good, but I thought lacking in the "wow factor" in taste I was expecting. Serving sizes were average to small, but decent for an average meal.All in all, wasn't really impressed. Food and restaurant is good, but not a place I'd call my favorite.
I don't understand why people eat inside the restaurant given the wait -- order take out! You can take the food to any nearby bar. Recently, I walked a few dishes out all the way to Molotov's in Lower Haight, and they were still delicious.Dish breakdown:* Pumpkin pork stew -- Amazing. Unbelievable. Definitely hook it up with some coconut rice.* Garlic noodles -- The kitchen staff cheated. I tasted a ton of butter or oil. Of course it'll taste good with a ton of fat on it.* Okra tofu. Spicy! Okra! Bam! Nice.Three dishes plus rice was $36. A little pricey, but delicious nonetheless.
One of those great hole-in-the-wall place where it's cozy inside, service is great, and the food just finalizes the whole experience. Their coconut milk rice is a must for most of their dishes and their curry dishes are pretty good. Prices are reasonable if not, a bargain. This is one of the few places I will go out of my way whenever I visit San Francisco.
Love this place, the food is very creative and delicious. if you are into adventurous eating and drinks, this is a must. Try the house specialty cocktails for something very different!
I've been here multiple times, and on every occasion I've ordered something different (with the exception of the Tea Leaf Salad and the Platha and Dip appetizer that I just can't get enough of and order every time), and I have yet to be disappointed! I guess I've just gotten lucky the times I've been here because I've never had to wait more than 15 or 20 minutes for a table, and when I went for lunch on a Sunday I didn't have to wait at all. They provide tea outside for people who are waiting for a table, which I appreciated since San Francisco evenings are none too warm.Once you're inside, the service is great - the staff are all really nice and attentive. When I came here with my sister, they even boxed up an extra order of coconut rice for us to take home with our leftovers (which we especially loved because the coconut rice is delicious and has a delicate coconut flavor, not too overpowering)! I've tried salads, soups, appetizers, noodles, curries, meats and veggies - if you like Indian food and Thai food, you really can't go wrong here.
LONG wait, but so worth it! The Samusa Soup and Peashoots were out of this world amazing!
The hair stylist is the only real hair expert, the only person who is able to understand what hair needs and to plan a complete treatment. We believe that New Beginnings offers the finest in Paterson N.J hair salon services. At New Beginnings we offer the very best color available in the industry. Our approach reflects the latest in great looks, and fashion from around the world. Marisa Cortes
First off, I have never heard of Burmese food until I moved to SF. With that being said, I was so intrigued when I saw Burma Superstar. I lived nearby on Balboa for awhile and always passed by this place but never went in because the line was always RI-DIC-U-LOUS. I ordered the tea leaf salad and the papaya salad. I've been trying to make myself feel better about what I eat as long as the word salad is in there, I'm good. hehe. Anyhow, the tea leaf is probably the staple dish that you should try here. It's one of those salads that's good but you don't realize what exactly about it is so good but it is. Also, the papaya salad, I just love to get that everywhere I go. It's decent here, nothing TOO special, I've had better. However, OVERALL, this place is legit. Totally turned me onto Burmese food. I'd probably order to go because this place is busy like ALL. THE. FREAKING. TIME. but it's GOOOOOOT!
Tea Leaf Salad with an ingredient presentation and salad tossing and some delicious lamb to follow? Yes, please. Get their early though, there is a wait. You can write your number on the wait list and they will call you, no matter what your area code is, a few minutes before your table is ready. While you're waiting, take a walk a block down the street and enjoy a cocktail or an ice cold beer.
Food is OK, rather good actually. Really unique. It's not chinese, not indian, and not thai. Burmese food is really a combination of all of those. For me, it is not worth the 1-2 hour wait. This 3 star rating is not due to the waiting time, but in spite of it.
Really good food, but pricey. I'd rather hit a cheaper Thai place, all things being equal, but this place does deserve its high ratings.
Shrimp kebat was fantastic.Mango salad and coconut rice were excellentThe line is well worth it. Check out the crepe/dessert place across the street
I went here for dinner, but I think I'm going to make this place my go-to weekend lunch rendezvous spot with my friends. Think of Olive Garden's soup, salad, and breadsticks combo-- except Burmese. And good.Started off with the Tea Leaf salad, which came with a delightfully light dressing and crunchy nuts and fried garlic mixed in. After pregaming with the greens, we got the samusa soup. I'm a huge samosa (samusa/samosa, tomato/tomato) fan but have never had them in soup, and I have to say I might like my samusas in soup from now on. Its consistency was thicker than an average soup, but I loved it!For our final entree, we split the fiery chicken. I was already so satisfied by the salad and soup that I wasn't very much into the chicken anyway, so I definitely could have gone without it. I found my Burmese rendition of Olive Garden's soup and salad, but not my breadsticks. I guess that means I'll have to go back and find it-- perhaps their platha (Burmese bread) that's served with a coconut chicken curry sauce?(Also, if you can't tell, I went with this bro-mo who posted right below me)
I have eaten her twice and have left very happy everytime. Amazing food and great service!
For some reason, I thought this place was bigger. I think it has to do with the 3500 reviews on Yelp. The fact almost every single one mentions a long wait should have tipped me off that it is small- I counted about 50 seats. Anyway, we snuck this place in as an extra meal (between lunch at noon and dinner at 10:00) and we got there right when they opened at 5:00. They seated us right away. The tea leaf salad lives up to the hype. We also had Nam Gyi Dok, a coconut chicken rice noodle dish. It was good, but I'm not sure if I would get it again. The noodles are a little soft and the sauce a little runny. What looked really good was the curry shrimp. I saw another table enjoying this and so wanted to try it. As we were leaving, the place was packed with a line outside. We peeked into B Star Bar down the street, and they had open tables so that might be option for anyone looking for instant gratification. We will definitely be going back.
Years later I finally tried this place. Wait wasn't bad at all - about 45 minutes on a Wed night 7 service was great.Had the:tea leaf salad which was decent (but not anything to die over)Veggie Samusa - what isn't good fried??Spicy chicken - pretty goodTofu Veggie Kebat - pretty goodCoconut Rice - VERY goodSuperstar veggie noodles - VERY good
When I first came here, which was 3 years ago... I thought Burma was good, but totally overrated and expensive. Then I came back here a 2nd time and tried some other dishes... and it seems like Burma has grown on me. Their Tea Leaf Salad is reallllly good. The tea leaves with the hint of lemon is a unique taste. I love all the nuts that they put into too! Here, their tea leaf salad has lettuce, whereas Mandalay has no lettuce. I like the one at Mandalay better because you get more tea leaves, less fillers.Another one of my favorite dishes at Burma is their Curry Noodles --Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry)--Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion -- SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOD. Their Mango Beef is also very flavorful, especially when the mangos are in season! YumMm. Last time I came here, I got the Spare Ribs (yummy), the pork belly (not a big fan of pork belly, but my friends liked it--it was very fatty). I'm not a big fan of the burmese style curry though. It was too salty for my taste, and wasn't anything special. The inside of the restaurant is cute, and ethnic. The tables are pretty close together to utilize maximum space =P The restaurant gets pretty crowded and there's usually a 30-45min wait around meal times. Give it a try, or if you don't want to wait for Burmese food, try Mandalay (also Burmese food) a few blocks down. It's just as good
What can I say that hasn't already been said? Hmmm...not much, so I'll try keep it short.The wait was about 45min on a Tuesday night. I was surprised considering it was just some odd Tuesday but it wasn't too bad. We called to put our name & number down beforehand so that helped with the wait time. Even then, expect at least 30 min wait.The restaurant is a lot smaller than I expected but they definitely have a system going. Service is fast but not bothersome. Food comes out fast but not so much that you feel like they're rushing you.Tea leaf salad - Can't say I was that impressed but it light & refreshing. This was actually my least favorite dish of the night.Sumosa soup - My favorite of the night! It was rich, hearty, and had unusual flavors that I didn't expect in a soup.Chile lamb & coconut rice - This was pretty good. I liked the coconut rice, not too sweet like some places can make it. I wish we had gotten the garlic noodles though...a few tables around us got the garlic noodles and I had food envy!Total for the food and 2 non-alcoholic drinks = 50ish. Not too bad and definitely a place to try at least once.
The very best tea leaf salad and samusa soup!
AMAZING - ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS worth the wait!We take EVERYONE that comes from out of town here and they LOVE it.We go here at least once a month, always order the tea leaf salad & somosa soup at the very least. Best when meal is family-style.Karen is almost always our waitress, WE LOVE HER! She is so sweet, accommodating, and quick. The service is really good here.Expect there to be a wait, this place is small, but WORTH IT. The only thing I've had here & haven't liked is the Garlic Noodles, they were bland, but EVERYTHING else is amazing & tasty!
Besides the hour wait, everything was fantastic!!We had and enjoyed:Tea leaf salad= crispy, salty, savory, slightly sour, fantastic! Best in SF.Samosas= crispy, not too dense, wonderful spice flavorChili Lamb= spicy!Chicken curry noodles= gummy yumnessPumpkin and pork curry= More subtle then you'd think. Hearty; this a winter night type of dish.Chicken/Prawn with cinnamon rice cassarole= Probably my favorite thing...out of this world, cinnamon, almonds, raisins, braised falling apart chicken...ohhh, and hell, let's throw some prawns in too...to drink we had the Burma cocktail, Beer+ginger and lemon, which was refreshing and the spices went really well with the food.Burma S is kinda expensive.
This restaurant has been highly recommended from a number of people. "IT IS AMAZING-YOU MUST TRY IT," was the typical way someone would describe it.All in all, the food was excellent. The quality of the food lived up to its reputation. Many flavorful food combinations and creative presentations. You must definitely order the Rainbow Salad. It has been featured on the Food Network and is D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.The service on the other hand was so-so. The servers didn't seem to be too helpful or attentive, which was my same experience at their sister restaurant, B*Star. Good thing there food is so tasty, otherwise the service would definitely deter me from dining here again.My advice would be to give it a try!
A party of 7 of us went to Burma Superstar for dinner yesterday and we were very satisfied with the food and service. This restaurant is extremely busy because of the great reviews and it is well deserved.Service:We called ahead and they put us on the waiting list before we arrived but we needed to get there as quickly as possible. After we arrived, we still had about a 30 minute wait for a table. We were told that the wait can be as much as 2 hours for a table our size so the thing to do is call before you leave the house. The wait staff was very attentive and our waiter, Kenneth Lin, was great. He was good at making suggestions and he had a wonderful sense of humor and an excellent sense of what customer service is all about. The staff was constantly coming around to refill water glasses and picking up plates. Food:The food was excellently prepared and presented. Very fresh, flavorful and the portions were very good. We ordered the Fried Calamari starter and there was ample in that 1 order for 7 people. The calamari was not caked in batter and very well seasoned. The house specialty soup was excellent. We each ordered different dishes so I can't go into each but I can say that everyone was extremely happy with what they ordered. There was 1 dish that didn't come out as ordered but our waiter, Kenneth, was very astute to recognize something wasn't right. My wife had ordered her dish to be not spicy hot but when it came out, the red chili peppers were very evident. My wife didn't say anything and started eating but when Kenneth came around to see if everything was fine, he immediately saw the chili peppers that my wife picked aside and said he wanted to take it back and make it right for her. She said it was ok but he insisted on making it right and said he "wanted to make sure that she totally enjoyed her meal". Now that is customer service!! Definitely a restaurant I would go back to and would highly recommend.
As if this place needs another review. And, as if it needs someone SAYING, "as if this place needs another review."I'm writing one anyway. If for nothing else than to chronicle my life in San Francisco, so that one day, if I ever leave this amazing city, I can read my Yelp reviews, and fondly remember all of the places I've been. I've been here twice now. The first time was almost a year ago, so my examples will be drawn from the most recent time.My friend and I came late - 9:45pm, right before they closed. I really do hate doing that, but we had no choice. Unlike some places, they were completely gracious and welcoming, and very helpful with recommendations.The interior is really pretty - beautiful wood floors, high ceilings, warm, artsy.One thing I do / did remember from my first visit is how mouth watering the tea leaf salad is. The reviews don't lie. So, that was first order of business - get that salad! Which we did. There's just something about it - the light dressing, the seeds, the garlic, the tea leaves (imported) - it really is mouth watering, and I'm craving it as I write this. So please - do yourself a favor, and start with that. It seems a lot of people share it, but it might be a good idea to have your own (that's what I'm doing next time I go).Entrees - I got the vegetarian curry with basmati rice - yum. Very fresh, flavorful. The ONLY reason I can't give this place 5 stars is that the style of food is somewhat similar to Thai, and to me, Thai food has more flavor. The dish I had though was good in its own way - again, very flavorful, and wasn't heavy or creamy, like a lot of Thai curries. I had a bite of my friend's dish - I forget the name, but it was some sort of pumpkin stew type thing with the seasoned rice. The pumpkin was SO good - I've never had cooked pumpkin - it was in chunks, and had the consistency of cooked potatoes, but tasted better. And the rice - seasoned with cinnamon, cardamom, and some other things - was delicious.Also - prepare to wait a bit when you come here. They have a sister restaurant (at least I'm 99% sure they're related) with a bar several doors down, so you may want to put a name down, and head there for a drink or two while you wait. It's definitely worth it though!
I know most people love it, but as a vegetarian dining with meat eaters I've found it kind of boring. And strong aftertaste.Still, enough people LOVE it that you should definitely try it once.
The food is delicious! the space is tiny, but I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Fiiiiinally. Took me long enough to eat here. And gosh, took me long enough to get a table! Figures that I would step away after waiting for 45 minutes only to come back to find that they skipped my name and I had to put my name back on the list again. FML.But on to the food. . . . . . . Really? Really people? I waited for this? Alright, tea leaf salad, amazing. But I can find tea leaf salad just as good elsewhere without the wait. We had one of the noodles dishes which was ok. The noodles were flour noodles and were so thick that eating them just tasted like eating dough. The lamb curry was tasty, but also not exceptional. Overall, the meal was pretty good, but in my opinion, not worth the wait. The service was helpful, the food had its moments, but if I felt like waiting in line, it wouldn't be here.
I've always wanted to try this place...but every time i passed by their was always a line. After looking their ratings and the amount of people who reviewed this place I finally had to try it out. Got their on a monday night at about 8:15. Put our name on the list and was seated roughly about 9:12pm. I have never waited this late to eat dinner before. Once seated we immediatly checked in to receive our FREE thai iced tea through Yelp. Gotta love the yelp deals. Ordered: Chickem samosa, pumpkin pork stew, spicey beef dish and bbq pork garlic noodles. I've never tried Burmese food before so I don't have anything to compare it with. But the food came out pretty fast and was all very yummy.Would have givin them 5 stars but Im not a fan of waiting till 9 to eat my dinner. (especially on a monday night)
This place was amazing. It was very clean, customer service was the best we could have hoped for. We went there for breakfast. We are here from out of town playing in the sand dunes so we were looking for good food and good prices. We got the stuffed merrionberry French toast. It was HUGE! Our waitress kept our drinks full and was always there to see if we needed anything. We will make this a family tradition on our dune trips for now on. Yeah!
I could start a religion where we worshiped this food and I might get more followers than Scientology and Mormonism! Try the lamb curry and order the coconut rice with it. Eat one bite of the lamb with a scoop of rice and you will experience a mouthgasim and convert. Tea leaf salad rocks too! Mint chicken leaves a tingling sensation in your mouth after each delicious bite. Hope you enjoy as much as we did!
My all time favorite dishes...VEGETARIAN SAMUSA SOUP:This soup is damn tasty, with ton of unidentifiable spices, a hint of curry, and a blend of different textures from the various ingredients. And what's not to like about samusas in a soup? It turns into kind of a big delicious mush. (Also, the Burmese apparently spell it samusa instead of samosa, but they are pretty similar.)TEA LEAF SALAD:This tea leaf salad is the other signature dish, and comes recommended by just about everyone I know. I'm not sure how the tea leaf is used exactly - but from what I can tell, it's ground up and used as the base for the dressing. Like the soup, this salad's fame is well-deserved. It doesn't look like much, but the variety of textures and flavors really pops in your mouth. It's refreshing and delicious.The price was moderately expensive, but it was still worth it.Nice service, but looooooooooong wait.
I feel so so with the food. It's not worth to get 4 stars with 4k reviews...Our food came so late because they forgot our order.
The catfish chowder was delicious the first time I ate here. The second time, not so much.The chicken curry with hard boiled eggs and fried onion and noodles is delicious. The pork belly is tender and fatty and full of yummy goodness.The RAINBOW SALAD IS AMAZING.My brother didn't want to come eat here with me. He called it Burma SuperSuck. But that's because before, he ordered the Tea salad and was underwhelmed. He also shared that tea salad with two other model-esque folks who don't eat a shit ton like I do. I dragged him back here and he ate all of the above and was pleasantly surprised at how good the food can be here!Watch out for lines... the guy at the door says that on the weekends, they open at five and by 5:20 they are packed. I believe it.
One of my favorite restaurants in town. I had high expectations the first time I went, and my friends were all insisting that I try the tea-leaf salad, supposedly amazing. So I went, and yes, the tea-leaf salad is definitely amazing. Their other dishes are, too, and the service is really good. I have been back many times since, and I've never been disappointed. Five stars, no hesitation!
I have tried their pricy shrimp with pumpkin curry...bland and the pumpkin chunks were hard...coconut rice was okay, I've had coconuttier rice at other places...The chicken samosas were just okay too, I've had better.I also didn't care for their yellow chicken curry with rice noodles, it tasted watered down...The tea leaf salad is different, just not my thing...While the food was not bad, I found it bland, something was missing, and I was disappointed, especially because the shrimp entree was on the pricier side.I do like B-Star, the other restaurant, for its unique black rice dessert...Will try again something different on their menu, hopefully something with more punch in flavor, not necessarily that it has to have heat, just intense flavor.
Excellent food, great service, always a wait, so plan ahead. But getting it to go is a great way to get this food in your belly without a wait!
This was a life changing meal. One of those meals that has flavors that you know you will never be able to replicate - making it so special and incredible. I have been here twice and loved it so much each time. It is my first time and only time having Burmese so I don't have the ability to compare it to other Burmese restaurants. The samosa soup was incredible - as was the tea leaf green salad. Service was friendly. You pretty much always have to wait, but it is well worth it.
Oh Burma SuperStar you have been on my bookmark list for 5 months! I finally get to check you off!So the bf and I made an agreement that our dinner here will count as our Valentines Day dinner. After reading all the reviews about the line, we came here right at 5pm because I didn't want to wait. There was no one in the restaurant yet so we got to pick where we want to be seated. We sat by the window of course. After sitting for 5 minutes more people came in. The seats actually filled up pretty quick. I'm glad we came right when they opened for dinner.After reading the menu online we knew what we wanted already. We ordered chicken samusas for appetizer, Burmese style lamb curry, dried fried string bean, and coconut rice. Everything we ordered went so well with one another. Coconut rice is a must order if you plan on getting meat. The samusas reminded me of a fried wonton but with curry, chicken, and veggie filling instead. Everything was really really good. The dinner wasn't as cheap as thought (which is why we agreed it to be our vday dinner). Well worth it though. Another plus was their service. Our water cups were never empty. They came around so many times my bf said he should stop drinking it haha. Everyone there was so nice and attentive. They talk to their regulars as friends. Makes me want to come back more often. BURMA SUPERSTAR IS A MUST TRY!!!
This place is the bomb. Been there twice and blew my mind both times. They don't take reservations and you should be prepeared for a substaintial wait, but it's worth it. Get the tea leaf salad.
I have wanted to eat here for a long time. We called ahead at 5 pm and put our name down on wait list for 8 people. Tea Leaf Salad, AMAZING! Coconut rice, fried tofu, spicy pork we loved all of it. The waiter brought out food for our table and it was spot on. Definitely recommend coming with a group here. You can try a little of everything!
ALOHA POLY FESTLouis Sutter Playground in John McLaren ParkSan Francisco, CaliforniaLABOR DAY WEEKEND(Aug 31 thru Sep 2, 2013)FREE ADMISSION & PARKINGvisit AlohaPolyFest.com for more details.
They had peroni :)We had the chicken samusasI got a coconut curry and chicken noodle dish, so rich in flavour and spices. And there was a beef dish.And sweet coconut rice.And coconut fritters with coconut ice cream.The atheist side of me doesn't see god when I have great food (or well, other things)...But I experienced some serious science when I had dinner here at Burma SuperStar.Even if I had a weird couple sitting next to me, talking about sitting in the house crying all day.
So amazing! The Lamb curry is a must have. The Tea Leaf salad and the Rainbow salad are the best. If you get there early, at about 4:40 before they open, there is no wait. Other wise, your looking at a 1 to 2 hour wait. It's worth the wait, but I like to just eat early when I plan on going here.
YUM is all I can say... why did it take me so long to finally come here...What i ate:Coconut rice- TastyTea Leaf Salad- no shrimp stuff- very different but goodTofu (appetizer) i dont remember the exact name- GOODSesame Chicken- goodNan Gyi Dok- REALLY REALLY GOODBurmese curry with beef- REALLY GOODGreat experience, i'll be back!
Don't know what all the hype is about. Yes, the tea-leaf salad is tasty and something new to try (well, already not new anymore). But once passed the appetizer, it's nothing special. Tried all the noodles and none impressed, just ok -their curry is ok but I've definitely tasted better. Sesame chicken/beef awfully sweet. Maybe a good dish was pork stew with potatoes, but still just barely passes. For drinks I suggest mango coconut juice. Dinner for two is 60 bux. Good service. Don't think I'm gonna go back though. Oh, and for all those that wait for 2 hours here, come at 5pm, there is no one at that time.
Opens at 5:30 and I suggest getting there early as there is always a line. SAmosa Soup is awesome!
If you eat at granny time its not hard to get a seat. otherwise, be ready to wait. i never thought i'd eat tea leaf or even want to but the tea leaf salad is awesome. so good. i can't wait to go back and try it again. the staff is really friendly.
So interesting! The food was spectacular. However, we were told 45-60 minute wait and it took an hour and a half. By the time we were finally were able to sit, they were closing so they handed us menus outside the restaurant and asked us to order before we sat down; rather off-putting. But, the food was great. Tea leaf salad. OMG! Yummy, can't wait to come back to the city.
I have gone to this place twice, and luckily we didn't have to wait to be seated at all both times. atmosphere: it's a nice neat asian restaurent, nothing too special but just cozy and warm.service: their service was quite pleasant; they were very helpful. i am sure everyone who has ordered their tea salad would know what i mean by thtat.food: the foods were quite good but definitely not amazing. i've had some great dishes and not so great dishes. i want to be careful giving it a higher rate because i do think this place is a bit hyped at this point. I don't think this place would offend anyone, but there are other restaurents that i wouldn't mind waiting for an hour to be seated! not this place.
I finally fulfilled my 3-year craving for Burma Superstar and I am still a HUGE fan! This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants. I took S, and two friends here during our short trip to the area. There was no wait during lunch on a Friday afternoon, and our servers were awesome. They were so nice, gave us many options, and did the best with the seating situation (it was quite crowded and fit us at a 3-person table). We ordered: tea leaf salad, samusas, beef curry, nan gyi dok, peashoots, coconut rice, and thai iced tea. There was not a single thing I didn't like, but the tea leaf salad stole the show. The unique combination of ingredients as well as the table-side service of mixing it together with a skillful squeeze of lemon by the waiter makes this dish a one-of-a-kind and perfect starter to any meal. The nan gyi dok was a new dish that I hadn't tried before, and again, the waiter mixed it for us. I loved the noodles that were used in this dish, but the curry flavor was milder than I thought it would be. The peashoots were also delicious--garlicky, slightly sweet, and vibrantly green. The coconut curry rice tasted amazing alone as well as with the beef curry. Lastly, the samusas were not greasy as I've come to expect from other restaurants, had a mild spicy taste, and very crisp and delicious. I could go on and on and on... I hope it is not another 3 years until I can return to Burma Superstar... I love love love this place!
I need to be honest about Burma SuperStar and hope I don't get stoned for it.Just ok.I don't know if it is because I had been eating Burmese food from Yamo, a small place in the Mission that seats 9 people in the entire place, and food is served up right in front of you by 4 Burmese women who don't speak English, but something was lacking in my food here.Don't get me wrong, it IS good, but it lacks that extra kick that makes a place special, let alone deserving of 4+ stars. I was on the fence between 3 and 4 stars, but if you take the 1-2 hour wait time into consideration at any given time, it was a quick and easy decision.The Tea Leaf salad was okay, but... Not really...... "authentic"! It's like how America takes the croissant and turns it into the "croissandwich". I hate to spend a review of one place praising another place, but Yamo has really set the bar on how Burmese food should taste.I'd go back again only if we didn't have to wait longer than 30 minutes, and if we weren't crammed into the seats like anchovies.OH and my boyfriend's chair broke and no one apologized or even helped him. Everyone just stopped and stared at him, patrons and staff alike. Awkward.
Burma Superstar is becoming a nice little tradition every time I go back to the Bay. Aside from their food being outstanding, it is Jennifer C. approved. She is a true Burmese and wanted to order everything on the menu to test its authenticity and my two friends, their baby, and I were her happy guinea pigs.We waited for about 40 minutes for the back corner table. They squeezed us in and apologized profusely for the space. Being from New York, I didn't think the wait was bad and I thought the table was twice as big as what we would have gotten back East. We even had room for the baby seat.We got the Tea Leaf Salad, Vegetarian Burmese Samusas, Salt and Pepper Calamari, Pork Curry with Potato, Okra Egg Curry and the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice. The Salt and Pepper Calamari was ordinary and nothing different than what you could get anywhere else. Skip it if you want the true Burmese experience. The Tea Leaf Salad is my favorite. It has a spoonful of tea leaves all the way from Burma and is a mixture of lettuce, sunflower seeds, lentils, fried garlic, tomato, and sesame seeds. Stacey C. and I think the secret ingredient is the fish sauce. The samusas were spicy and big hit with everyone, especially the baby! I wasn't a fan of the Okra Egg Curry but would gladly gobble up the Pork curry and cinnamon rice any day. The pork reminded me a lot of Filipino Adobo. The rice dish was like a Burmese paella. It's a party in a claypot! Fluffy rice, almonds, raisins... It's all real good.To top it off we ordered two desserts the coconut fritters with vanilla ice cream and the platha with bananas and strawberries. Both were divine and I was sad when Burma Superstar said we could not order them for takeout.Our second experience with Burma Superstar was takeout. We ordered pretty much the same but this time we tried two different noodles the Nan Gyi Dok (burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion) and Garlic Noodles. The Nan Gyi Dok was similar to Filipino Pancit Palabok but with curry and the Garlic Noodles were more like Chinese Chowfun. Both were great as we love our noodles but I think the Cinnamon Rice and Pork Curry are better main dishes.I can't wait to have Burmese food again. Maybe next time I'll just hit up B Star or the one in Alameda to avoid the wait.For pictures of the food: tinyurl.com/3br3df2
I always feel like Fatty O'Fattigan after a meal here because I stuff my face with this food...it is so damn good! I head up to SF about 3 to 6 times a year and no trip is complete without a Burma Superstar meal.Last time I was here, the server was not as nice since the LA Kings (I was wearing a cap) had finally won the Stanley Cup, while his San Jose Sharks still suck. Waters were a little slow on the refill.Prices are fair too for you broke-ass bitches!GO KINGS GO!
This is the typical Krystal that people in the South Love. No difference than the soggy Steamed White Castles, except they are grilled, the flavor is better and not Near as Soggy.The Morning Staff is excellent. Fast, Good food and the best price of any full breakfast with drink anywhere. Ask for Douglas*. The Best counter person of any food establishment. They do bring your order to your table and many times refill your drinks and pick up your trash when finished. EXCELLENT
This is a cute little restaurant that has an extremely long wait. My bf and I came here on a Sunday night and luckily snuck onto their wait list before they closed it. The wait was over an hour and we were with the last bunch of people seated after the restaurant had closed. We ordered the samusas soup, tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, and coconut rice. Overall I thought that the food was prepared very well. I felt like all of the dishes were comfort food/dishes, and didn't really jive with the whole 1.5 hour wait. It's like telling me that I have to wait 1.5 hours for a bowl of pho, makes no sense. The stew was very similar to other Southeast Asian home dishes like the basic Vietnamese pumpkin soup. The dishes themselves did not blow me away, but the quality of it did. I feel like this is a restaurant that serves comfort food...in a foodie kind of environment that's safe for people to try out a new cuisine. Food was good and service was very friendly; however, important to note that there were no Burmese or other Southeast Asian dining in the restaurant.
Nothing I can say that hasn't already been said. Really one of the best international meals I have ever had. Everything was unique and bursting with flavor. I don't know how they have so many delicious dishes. The spicy lamb dish was one of the best things I've ever eaten.
Came here because a friend was babbling on how good the meals are. Well, it was definitely no babble! The Tea Leaf salad is a real delight and the Rainbow salad lights up your palate! Been here thrice and counting... It's good to go early though, by 11am so you could be seated for lunch.
I love this place! Hard to get into but so worth the wait!
I've been wanting to try BSS for eves but the line has oppressive every time I try to come here.Not this time. I think it was a mix of the fact that 1) it was lunch, and 2) on pride weekend. Amazingly we got a great table without a wait. I ordered the Shan Noodles, which is a tomato based, spicy, nutty noodle dish. Simply awesome. The wife had the Pumpkin Shrimp, which was also good but a bit bland for my taste (she loved it). The service was top notch and it was a great overall experience overall. Looking forward to coming back and trying some curry.
OH MY DELICIOUS!! This place is off the hook. Delicious food, well worth any wait. Perfectly crispy yet sweet chicken how I dream of you to this day.
We LOVE Burma Superstar! They have amazing food and great service! Pretty much cannot go wrong with anything you order here. The only thing is that we wish people didn't know about it because their lines get really long. However, you can call in advance and put your name on the list and they call you when you're table is close to ready. Highly recommend this place as we bring lots of friends and visitors to eat here and they all fall in love with it! Keep up the good work.
i always think about the lime drink i had there, i would go back just for that. though don't get me wrong, the food was great as well.
This place is always super busy. I think they actually have another Burma restaurant a few blocks away, which is what I think the hostess kept telling the other people but I really didn't understand if it was the same food or not.We finally got in after 45 minutes and we were a little bit cramped. We ordered and the food was pretty darn good. No wonder there are so many people. I just wish the portions were bigger so that I could eat more of the delicious food!
Came here a few months ago since i've heard so many good things about it, but I just thought this place wasn't all that it's hyped up to be. Their samusas were good and their tea leaf salad is pretty good too, but I feel like everything else you could probably go elsewhere and have it be the same.
Tea Lead Salad is amazing, everything is yummy. Very popular, but service is fast, it's worth the wait (or head for the sister restaurant down the street which seems to have less of a wait).
great food. esp the samosa soup and tea leaf salad......but such a ridiculous wait time! might as well go to Bstar and make a reservation
Amaaazing! Delicious and cheap. One of those places that transports you away for dinner. (For something unique, try the dried shrimp salad, yum!).
I know what you're thinking. You're going to see my 2 stars and dismiss this review right away. In fact, if you've read this far, that's more than I expected. How can I compete with all the 4 and 5 star reviews? There's so many of them! To eat or not to eat...now that is the real question. After our 2 hour wait on Friday night (6:40-8:40pm), we sat down and ordered the dishes you fellow yelpers swore by. Since it was our first time, we also ordered a couple dishes highly recommended by our server.Tea Leaf Salad Yelpers, I tried SO hard to like this salad! I just didn't! I'm still trying to understand what the fuss is about. Really. I took a bite, waited...nothing. Took a few more bites...still nothing. Drank water, maybe I need to clear my taste buds. Again, nothing. There were too many ding dang peanuts that overpowered everything else. The fermented tea leaves didn't cut it for me as a salad dressing.Chicken SamusasThey were okay. I kept hunting for the chicken, because most of it was filled with potatoes.Pork CurryOur server said they were known for their curries and highly recommended the pork curry. Uh...I think it was missing the curry.Beef KebatSalty. Coconut RiceI took your recs fellow yelpers. Thank god for the rice...I needed something to balance the saltiness of the other dishes.Our favorite part of the meal - alcohol. The white wine sangria was super duper.Our bill, excluding tip was about $67. I so desperately wanted to agree with all of you. I wish I could say it was worth every cent and every minute of the 2 hour wait, but I can't. There are just so many other similar flavor-filled dishes at various restaurants throughout the city. I will note that the service was excellent. Everyone was very nice. I'm glad I tried Burma SuperStar once. I can now say I've been there, done that, but I won't be going back.
The food here is 4 stars. The hype and wait brings it down.I did NOT like the tea leaf salad, it's just a bunch of nuts over lettuce.I enjoyed the chili lamb, and spicy basil chicken. Would come back if not for the wait. Don't get the hype.
This was my first "real" Burmese food experience, and it was pretty good! We didn't have to wait as long as expected to be seated, and getting a table was overall pretty efficient. I like how they take your phone number and call when your table is nearly ready, so you can go explore many of the fun places in this area of San Francisco while you wait! The service was good, and the food was tasty! The tea leaf salad was a real hit, and I'd definitely get that again. I didn't really know what to expect from Burmese food and I'm no expert on how authentic this place's offerings are, but I was certainly impressed. There's a reason why Burma SuperStar is packed from open to close!
Amazing food! Flavors are tasty and unique, the cocoanut rice was a great sweet side to the mango chicken. I will definitely go back to test the rest of the menu. Downsidei   the wait (at the Oakland location, the wait was an hour on a Friday night at 8pm-- but there is another location in Alameda which may not be as busy.
I think there is a lot of hype that inflates the reviews-- hipsterized! but in actuality, the food is pretty good. hint: it is not the best Burmese restaurant in town, or even in the Richmond for that matter. don't bother trying to eat at the restaurant during typical mealtime hours. there is not a reservation system and people seem to love to wait hours in the wet fog. just call and take your meal home. my favorites:tea leaf and rainbow saladschili lamb i have been eating at BStar since before they accepted credit cards, and the food has been very consistent over the years.
I was pregnant and they treated us very well. I don't quite remember the details of our orders, but for the fact that the portions were smaller than I would've liked. But then again, I was pregnant, so a platter smaller than my face wouldn't have been enough. Ok but not memorable, will give it another go.
Great value. I got the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, chili lamb, spicy crispy chicken, and mint chicken which were all superb. Very friendly staff, they even brought us complimentary dessert.Make sure if you are in a group bigger than two you come 1/2 hr before closing time or you risk not being seated. This place gets really crowded so be prepared. Overall best Burmese food I have ever had.
+6 ga-jillion for serving the tastiest Asian dishes ever. Imagine your favorite (Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Malay, Pac. Island, etc.) dish multiplied by about 10x. You then would be getting close. Like no kidding.+4-ish for service. B-S has goofed about 50% of my to go orders (all between $85 and $150). I'm serious. But then, after I press the issue, every time - and I mean EVERY time - they turn it around and get it right quick, fast, in a hurry. Plus they always give me a high-octane, sugar-y coffee drink if I ever have to wait: All's Forgiven, My Friends! RAWR!
The food is good here. The rule of thumb when ordering is get anything with the word Coconut in it. It is good to note this visit was done with out any wait for seating which seems is a rare occurrence.
I hate to give this place 2 stars, but compared to its sister in Oakland, I have experienced better.At the Oakland BS, the sesame chicken really is chicken breast and is lightly battered and extremely CRISPY, but the SF location uses dark meat and a thick bland batter :( I've never had the Oh Noh soup before, so I'm not sure if it's supposed to be this thick and creamy like a curry? The staff was very friendly and helpful, I'll probably agree to go here if a friend asks and drives, because this area is typically a clusterfluff with all types of transportation, metered parking as well.
Love their tea leaf and rainbow salads.
So I came here for a date night just 7-8 hours ago. My boyfriend decided to surprise me because I've always "hinted" to him that i wanted to try it, 8months later, he got the hint. Better now than never=/ We arrived at about 630 pm&got our dinner at about 730. but then again, its a Monday night. I guess I'm going to be one of those minorities in thee "fab" BSS reviews. =X I have to say my 3star rating is exactly what yelp would describe as 3 stars, A-OK. I've had better. So my boyfriend&I debated&we ordered:Tea Leaf Salad; Tasted GREAT in the beginning, but a little to the middle/end, the flavor was a bit overwhelming. The tea paste was kind of "annoying" my taste buds.. =/ if it makes any difference, I REALLY wanted to like it. My boyfriend on the other hand LOVED it.Samusa;ordered this by mistake ! BUT SO HAPPY I DID. My favorite!! The potatos&curry was perfect w/ the sweet&sour sauce. &the crispy-ness of the whole samusa was undeniably a great addition to the curry itself!Beef Kebat;BLAND. bland bland bland=/ I ate it with the coconut rice&all I tasted was the coconut rice.Spicy&Crispy Chicken;Honestly.. it sounded SO good on the menu, but my first bite... well.. I could have easily confused it w/ Panda Express orange chicken. IM SERIOUS. &the sauce was wayy too strong.Coconut Rice;Prettty dang good. One of the musts.&&Vegetable Samusa Soup;Ordered this in the end because I really wanted to try it. I wanted to leave BSS&COME BACK. But the soup was very thick, so order it in the beginning ! &dont forget to say soup in the end. The texture was very unique, but the taste just wasn't hitting the spot.Maybe its just me, its cheap&the service was GREAT. but the food.. Maybe I expected more since it was on FOODNETWORK&all. &these 2000 reviews w/ 4stars. oh you guys are good.
Tea leaf salad is my favorite!
Burma Superstar is an outstanding place to get Burmese food, however I had better as a "home-cooked" cuisine from family and friends. The tea leaf is one of my favorites here as well as the chowder. The reason for the four start is the wait. It's always busy and the wait can be long for bigger parties. For the people who do wait for a table... you will be greatly rewarded with a delicious cuisine and good service.Enjoy everyone.
I'm pretty sure I want to marry the man who took me here. It was such a delicious, lovely date with no frills. Although there was a 20min wait for a table, the staff takes down your number and will call you when a table opens up! We really appreciated being able to go down the street to grab a drink without having to worry about getting back on time to catch our name/table. But that's not even important.The service was great. Staff recommended food according to our tastes and showed the perfect amount of attentiveness with refilling waters, and bringing the food out with impeccable (seriously, impeccable) timing. The constant busy buzz of people chatting and enjoying their food felt like a piece of trendy yet undiscovered NY, without the cramped setting or stuffy attitude. Oh, and everything is reasonably priced. But that's not even important.I always save the best for last, and in this case it was the food. Oh my god. The samosa soup was awesome. I already love samosas but often find them too dry. The soup had crispy pieces of samosa in it, drenched in deliciousness. The tea leaf salad was unlike anything I'd ever had before, in a good way. It had lots of nuts and random things in it, and the tea leaf had a smoky/cheesy taste to it. Can't really explain it, but it was so so good! Finally, our chili lamb, which we got with coconut rice was out of this world. The lamb was spicy, well-sauced, and very very tender. Couldn't have had a better experience here.
I'd heard about Burma SuperStar so when I moved out to Lake District about two years ago I decided to finally give it a go. The first couple attempts I simply walked away due to the LONG line that swirls around outside of people waiting to get in. Initial impression "...this has to be good..." Fast forward a few months, I've now been here a couple times over the last several months and I have to say I am not at all impressed.Not sure how they acquired all the hype? Is it the "cool, hip" sounding name? A sprinkle of hipsters as patrons? Caucasian friendly? I am not quite sure.The food isn't necessarily bad it's okay but in my opinion not great enough to warrant the hype. In fact there are at least 2-3 other Burmese restaurants in the vicinity that are as good or better. I actually recommend folks try out Mandalay near 6th and California. The food is better quality and their tea leaf salad is phenomenal. It may not have a cool/hip sounding name but they sure know how to cook. Back to Burma, again the food isn't bad it's just not that great. The folks who work here are pretty friendly and their service is prompt (once you get in). I encourage folks to explore some other places in the neighborhood and don't get swept up in the hype. I am still going to give them a 4 (edited it from a 3).
Everything I have tried here is awesome! Totally worth the wait.
Very yummy and lively atmosphere
One of my favorite restaurants in all of SF. Make sure you mention Yelp and they'll give you a free Thai iced tea!No matter what else I order, I always make sure to get the tea leaf salad and an order of the coconut rice (OMGOMGOMG SO GOOD). Everything is on the pricier side, so fair warning.The lychee mojito is tasty if you're in the mood for a drink.There's always a line, so be prepared to wait a bit. It's worth it, I promise.
really good. Great service and amazing food. They only thing that I hated was the parking. But that's not their fault.
My mom and I took my grandma here for a birthday lunch pre- De Young museum.I have always heard great things about this superstar of Burmese food, but had only been to other restaurants. I was excited to eat some deliciousness and was not disappointed.The food we had (good to share):-Samusa soup: It is sweet, spicy, sour, and creamy all at once. The samusas (yes, with a "u" in Burmese cuisine) are crunchy on the outsides and soft on the inside. Delish soup!- Rainbow salad: this is their famous dish, the one that got them on the Food Network. The salad has like a bazillion different ingredients. I thought it was just alright because the fried onion flavor is way overpowering. If you don't have a childhood-induced fried onion aversion, you will enjoy the salad more than I did. - Veggie noodles: super refreshing because they are served cool. A little picy, fresh and delicious.- Chicken Dahl: spicy curry, nicely cooked chicken, warms you from the inside. The lentils in this dish add a nice chew.- Coconut rice: well-cooked with a slight coconut flavor. Tasty!- Mango juice: pure mango flavor and super thick. Very nice!The wait here gets to be long at lunchtime, be prepared. When we came they were nice enough to let us sit down even though we were just two out of our party of three. They may have made a small stink about it, but whatever.
Excellent food, vibrant atmosphere, good service. The wait is sometimes very long, but once you are seated and have ordered, food comes out fast.
Along with a friend, I had an excellent dining experience at Burma SuperstarThere was a wait. But, we just grabbed a couple of drinks at Bitter End and circled back.The service was very friendly and helpful. They really seemed to want to insure we had an enjoyable dining experience.My friend had been there before. After we discussed the menu, she did the ordering and we shared everything.She selected the following dishes:Vegetable SamosasCalamariTea Leaf SaladGarlic Chili ShrimpSpicy Chicken with BasilSesame BeefI am going to simply divide the food into Excellent and Very Good. We enjoyed each dish.Excellent:CalamariTea Leaf SaladGarlic Chili ShrimpVery Good:Vegetable SamosasSpicy Chicken w BasilSesame BeefOverall, this was a wonderful dining experience. The food combined with the friendly and warm service combined together for a near perfect meal.
My wife and I waited for over an hour for sub-par Burmese food. This is a one of those hipster hot spots like Ritual Coffee (also disgusting). If you are looking for authentic Burmese food, this is not the place. The first thing I look at when trying new ethnic cuisine is the clientele. If there is a lot of people there speaking the native tongue of the type of food you are eating there if pretty decent chance it is good. Here, you will see boatloads of hipster teens with their faces glued to there smart phones. Not a good sign.
Most delicious Burmese food I've ever had. Yes, I wish they took reservations and you didn't have to put down your name and wait for about an hour but it is worth it. Just go down the street and have a drink at a nearby bar while you wait...Everything is great but be 100% sure to order the tea leaf salad. Also, I liked the pumpkin shrimp dish but prefer the chili shrimp or the Superstar Shrimp.Drink-wise the ginger beer concoction is yummy and sure to go fast.
Love this place. Often crowded and somewhat pricey, it is still a treat. The tea leaf dishes are great and the soups are tasty and unique. If you want something special but are not necessarily looking for cheap eats (which I usually am) this is a good spot but will not be on my list of great asian places simply because of price.
My mother got a gift certificate to this place 2 years ago. Last week we tried to come for lunch after a day at the de young. But they were closed for lunch. To redecorate or do some kind of construction. So we went away.We finally came here on a lunch when they were open. It was very close to noon. The restaurant was filling up, but not bursting. We were seated immediately. The menu was thorough. The salads were in the front, then some soups, some noodles and some curries. I got a thai iced tea, my parents and I shared the noodle with curry sauce, tea leaf salad and a lamb curry.The tea leaf salad was interesting. A bit sour. A mix of a million ingredients. With some marinated tea mush on top. It wasn't terrible. But if I made a salad with a million ingredients, there's bound to be something non-offensive in the salad. This salad would have never passed muster on Top Chef. Why does anything need 22 ingredients? What ever happened to simplicity, purity of taste, slow foods with fresh ingredients? I guess they didn't get the memo.The noodle dish was not the right consistency for me. I got a little queasy eating it. The sauce was very rich, coconut curry and the noodles were a bit too limp. The sauce was too similar in density to the noodles, making it all a bit like overcooked tapioca pudding. And the lamb. I have very few words for it. The ingredients were fresh, the spices were fragrant and the consistency was well blended. But, it was completely off-kilter. It reminded me of the first time I had indian food. I threw up in my mouth a little. And then my stomach threw up in my mouth a little, and then my little intestines went on strike for 4 days and refused to pass a bowel movement. And then I couldn't eat indian food for 4 years. This must be one of those flavors that draws polar opposites. I readily admit that I am one of those repelled by it. Nothing appealed to me. Nothing gave me a spark of hope. I can find nothing encouraging to say about the whole meal.
So here is the deal... After waiting for 65 hours in the cold to get in - anything tastes amazing. Unfortunately, it really isn't worth the wait. The food is good but not great and you won't be begging to come back.
Flavor that packs a punch!!!Yea, I recommend the tea leaf salad. Good stuff!!
Had the rainbow salad, garlic noodle, and samosas which were delicious. About 7:30 we had a 40 minute wait for two, which was longer than I had anticipated for a Tuesday night. At least parking wasn't too difficult.The rainbow salad was refreshing and light, a good way to start our meal. The waiter spoke so fast I couldn't catch the 21 ingredients he rambled through. I bet there's a review somewhere where all the items are listed.We also had the side of garlic noodles with duck which was disappointing...plain and nothing about it reminded me of garlic. However, the samosas made up for it big time. I've had both Burmese and Indian samosas but the Burmese ones are the yummier version for their distinct curry flavor, the soft starchy potatoes, and light crispy outer layer. Yay I found a place to satisfy my samosa cravings.
I'd give this 5 stars, but I only tasted two dishes recommended by the waiter per our request. He suggested soup and salad. We were told the tea leaf salad and the noodle soup were the most popular, as was the samusa soup. We ordered the salad and samosa soup. Both were delicious and we were very pleased with his recommendations -- it was THAT good. Would i go back? Only if i didnt have to find a parking space. We happened to be at the right place at the right time (we walked there after going to the the DeYoung Museum). We were seated after waiting outside only a few minutes. There were people waiting to get in and I imagine this place is always busy. Good food, decent prices, great service. Only complaint: it was hard to hear my dining companion, even though she was only across the table from me.
Omg omg omg this place is absolutely delicious. I have been to Mingalaba and Rangoon Ruby and was dying to try this place. So glad I did. Went for lunch on a Sunday (6 of us) and only had to wait 15 minutes. Had the tea leaf salad, veggie kebat, fiery tofu and garlic noodles. AMAZING. My 5 and 2 year old could not get enough. Good service and cool atmosphere. Wish I lived closer!!!! Amazing flavors.
I live in LA but whenever I'm in SF, I MUST go to Burma Superstar. EVERY. TIME. here's what we normally order:-tea leaf salad: so amazingly fresh and crisp, it has never let me down. the toasted pine nuts are crunchy and slightly salty..the lettuce and tomatoes are fresh and conveniently chopped into small pieces. i don't know who thought of putting tea leaves into a salad, but whoever you are, you're a genius!! fried slivers of onion gives it some sweetness, the lemon used for dressing makes it a bit tart. a serious thumping party in your mouth.-samosa soup: i love samosas...and i love soups. the consistancy is a little thicker than your average asian soup. bits of samosa..yum. it is exactly what it sounds like, and i usually have more than 1 bowl of it.-garlic noodles: okay, i hate to admit it...BUT i do think mandalay bay's garlic noodles taste better. although they're still really good here!! which is why we order them every time. savory, lots of garlic flavor, so eat it w/ your significant other--that way you can both have major garlic breath. yay! we normally order it w/ tofu and thick pieces of veggies. it's not too salty, which i love...bc most garlic noodles @ other restaurants are too salty.coconut rice: not to be mistaken for thai sticky coconut rice. it's white rice, infused with coconut milk or juice. not sure which. but it smells divine and tastes even better! there's a sliiiight sweetness to it...and it goes reeeeally well with....-chili lamb!: had to add an exclamation mark a la Emeril. super flavorful, it's not too spicy, my friend who doesn't really eat spicy foods was fine w/ it. the chili pieces in the dish however--that's a different story. so don't reach for them unless you can handle the heat. very tender, the distinct smell of lamb is slightly masked by the other spices/ingredients in the dish. very delicious w/ coconut rice.tip: if you check into yelp, then you get a free thai iced tea!there's usually a wait, but hey..that's the price ya gotta pay for scrumptious burmese food. totally worth it, we stood in the rain waiting...and i still had a smile pasted on my face. i love you burma superstar...and i shall continue to visit you every time i'm in SF. see you next month!
oooooh, love the tea leaf salad-- had the vegan version & it was totes delish. also had a veggie curry... but really, hard to get past the awesomeness that is the tea leaf salad.went for lunch-- easy parking & no wait.
Delicious as always! The samosa soup is magical and a must for everyone who dines here. The tea leaf salad was crunchy and just the right amount of savory. Basil chicken was delicious. My only problem is that the space is small. The service is fast though and the wait for a table was quick. Yum yum yum.
First time trying Burmese food and it was pretty damn tasty. Started with tea leaf salad tossed table side. The waitress told us what each of the components were. It was light and delicious, a great start to the meal. For entrees, we had the braised pork curry and the Nan Pia Dok. It was all delicious. Warm service, delicious food. I will definitely be back!
Great appetizers. Over cooked fish entree. Under cooked steak order med rare came very rare. Desert was not as ordered. Fair effort. Needs a little more attn for the price
Went here while in town for a weekend because it was highly recommended by others. We were warned to go early because a line usually forms. Thankfully one of my friends got there early for our party and we didn'thave to wait much at all once we all arrived (Do note: the line does get long).The venue was heavy in earth color pallette and had booths all along the sides and a few tables in the middle; it tried to make use of the limited space it has.It has a limited beer selection but i went with a local brew. The food is served family style. We started with the tea leaf salad. I guess it's famous because it was on Food Network. I thought it was good but not worth all the hype. The leaves didn't add much flavor to the dish and i was mostly overwhelmed by the texture of the dish with nuts and dried corn adding a lot of crunchiness. The citrus added while the server mixed it added some nice acid to the dish though.Next was the samosa (I know they spell it differently somehow) soup and i think that was the best dish of the meal. the broth was thick and flavorful and well balanced with the vegetarian samosas and beans in the soup. I'd recommend not letting the soup sit too long because the samosa's lose their crispy fried goodness if left in the broth too long, but they did hold out longer than i thought.And then we had the lamb curry with a side of coconut rice and a chicken curry noodle for our main courses. Overall i found them both to be on par with other mild curry dishes. The lamb could have been more tender in my opinion. The coconut rice was excellent and very flavorful. Overall this was an ok place to try out. Most dishes I thought were tasty and well balanced but not worth the hype really. I'd visit repeatedly for the soup. Though I would not wait in a ridiculous line for it.
SO.. i finally made it here! I came on probably the worst night possible.. a Saturday night, but I was only in town for so long. I got there around 8 pm and the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes.. 2 hours later, I called them back and they said it would be another 20 minutes or so. BOO! The good thing though, is there's a green apple book store down the street.. so while me and my bro waited, we had piles and shelves of used and new books to look through. This def. helped to kill time. I know for sure I would not have been able to wait around for THAT long.We finally got a seat and the staff was very courteous and nice which is always a plus. We asked for recommendations from our server and of course we ordered the tea leaf salad, then he recommended the coconut chicken noodle, and the Burmese beef curry. The tea leaf salad was definitely interesting... I liked it, but it was a bit oily which overwhelmed all the other flavors. I couldn;t taste much and everything tasted like olive oil with a hint of tea. I didn't enjoy it very much and i was super disappointed as this was the main dish i wanted to try. The noodle dish was a little on the heavy side with coconut, but the lemon helped to balance out the dish very well. I would of liked a different noodle with this dish. It came with noodle that very much resembled fettuccine...The beef curry was the best thing we ordered! Its so different from all the other curries Ive tried. I'm used to Thai curry which is very soupy, but Burmese curry is a little thicker and more rustic. I loved the texture and the beef was tender and very flavorful! Burma superstar wasn't blow my mind delicious, but it was not bad. I would come here again to try their other dishes, but i def wont wait around for 2 hrs.
Great Burmese! I'm a fan of authentic Burmese cuisine, and not a big fan of the sweet-and-sour Chinese style you get at some other Burmese restaurants. Burma Superstar is great!
I love this place. The tea leaf salad is really good. Its annoying that it requires a wait, but its really worth it
There is only ONE way to enjoy this restaurant.Get take out! Frequently there are huge waits that can really screw your evening plans up. The food is definitely worth getting because it is delicious, unique, not-greasy, and relatively healthy for asian food.You must get the tea leaf salad. An absolute must try.
I'm originally from Orange County, and I don't think there's anything like this there. Initially, I was hesitant to try burmese food... but this place is deliciousssssss!!! Its a great place to go with a group of friends and try something new. They have sangria and soju drinks too!Some of the items I've tried a recommend are the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad (my faveeee), moh hinga (catfish chowder), chili lamb, and coconut rice.Remember to head over to Genki Crepes afterwards for dessert! YUMMY!
This place is great. Now if only there wasn't always a wait. I have tried quite a few items on the menu and some are definitely better than others. Choose wisely. The coconut rice is pretty much heaven.
Hate the wait, but it's delicious food!
Restaurant was highly recommended by San Fran locals. Definitely off the beaten past but area has ample meter parking. Dined during lunch on Memorial Day holiday so the place was extremely busy and the staff seemed overwhelmed, although they remained very friendly and apologetic for waits. Food was very interesting and there were many different items I wanted to try but decided on spicy chicken which was OK. My friend had the burmese chicken which was excellent. The burmese chicken soup was also a nice surprise, and very unique in flavors.  I can't wait to go back to try other dishes and can see why it's such a popular dining spot.
This was such a great restaurant! We arrived when it opened and there was not a wait at all. The service and food were wonderful. I would definitely go back to enjoy their great food!
I'l admit that I have few points of reference on Burmese food. On each visit I've eaten vegetarian friendly fare and it is fantastic. The dining room is dressed down and casual with the bare wood tables and simple place settings. There is, to my recollection, no wall art. Which I think is just fine. It's either bare walls or barely adorned, either way the room is comfortable.Now onto the food. Wonderful. We always have the Tea Leaf Salad with its full expanse of sensations on the palate. Aside from a great balance of the flavors, you also get crunchy textures and cooling vegetables. The Samosa Soup is an earthy spiced soup that makes great use of crispy samosa in place of what most culinary traditions would use a dumpling. We also had the Superstar Vegetarian Noodle. A clean and slightly sweet noodle that gave way to a warming spice. Did i mention it's a cold noodle salad? There's a wonderful respect to the balance of all the dishes I've had here. Despite our apologetic camping out at the table, the staff was still very kind and accommodating. Our Server was welcoming and cheerful from start to finish. Not once did we feel as though our stay had out grown its welcome.
Fresh. Delicious. Delightful!
wow impressed. first time. family style. demonstration of preparation. nangyi thohk was very good. very like.
This is a great Burmese Restaurant. The food is authentic and full of flavor. Be careful with the spiciness though. Some of the food can be very hot. I recommend the lamb with the coconut rice. Delicious!The is by far the best place for vegetarians or vegans. As a person who is not a vegetarian their vegi soups rock.
FIVE STARS EASILY!We heard from a friend that Burma SuperStar was Michellin Recommended and had over 2800 Yelp Reviews so we had to check out the hype. Conclusion: This place was mind-blowingly good. Their Tea Leaf Salad is their best dish. It is a combination of fried garlic, sunflower seeds, fried peanuts, sesame seeds, lettuce, tomato, and the special ingredient: soaked tea leaves imported from Burma. It was the best salad my wife and I ever had!It was our first time there so we asked the waiter for his recommendations. I thought I'd share what they said for all the first-timers out there:Tea Leaf SaladRainbow SaladVegetarian Somosa SoupNan Gyi DokClassic Burmese Chicken & Shrimp CasseroleMint ChickenPumpkin Pork StewPeashoots (staff favorite)Chili LambVegetable Curry Deluxe.We were able to get one of the last seats around 6:30 pm on a weeknight, but it got quite crowded soon after that. Show up early (no reservations) or be prepared to wait. If you can't make it in, visit their sister restaurant B Star Bar!
EASILY one of my favorite restaurants!I find myself craving their rainbow salad on a regular basis, and the coconut rice is absolutely heavenly! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu--the spicy food is spicy, and if you like it spicy, you'll be pleased. And even if you don't like it spicy, you still might want to try out some of the heat since it's done in a truly artful way. The staff is pleasant, knowledgeable, and attractive. I pretty much love everything about this place.Be aware that the wait time can be gnarly at times like Saturday nights, so if you must have spontaneous Burmese, walk along Clement and check out the big aquatic pet store. Get some boba from Quickly. Have a Turkish app at Troya then hop back over to Burma when your name is called. Clement is a street with a wealth of things to check out, so make it an adventure if you must wait, because yes--Burma Superstar is ALWAYS worth the wait!
Delicious, delicious, delicious!!!!Me and my bf enjoyed a delightful dinner at this friendly and quaint restaurant on Clement. The staff was professional and amicable- offering excellent suggestions with regards to the menu.I really loved the fresh tasting Tea Leaf Salad- amazing citrus flavor with a yummy variety of roasted peanuts, sunflower seeds, and sesame seeds.We also had the delectable Burmese Chicken Casserole, which also comes with prawns, caramelized onions, peas, garlic, and rice. An extremely comforting and savory dish. In addition, we also enjoyed the pea shoots, lightly seasoned to perfection! Just the right side dish to accompany our tasty and filing main course. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a satisfying meal! Arrive hungry and leave very very happy :)
The trick to this place is to go with someone who you've just met minutes before entering the restaurant and let them order everything. Don't even bother looking at the menu, just let her order everything. Even if that means she orders half the menu. It's funny. This place is minutes from my house and I've never been here and yet the people I went with came from thousands of miles away to eat here.For starters, the place is packed. The wait is extremely long. Honestly we got lucky because we waited probably 30 minutes or so and our party of 5 squeezed into a tiny table in the back corner. It was a tight squeeze, but we refused to wait for a bigger table.Jennifer C. ordered the tea leaf salad, burmese samusas, calamari, pork curry with potato, okra egg curry and the tan poi rice dish. All I can say is thank you, Jenn! I really liked the tea leaf salad, their most popular dish. I was afraid to eat the okra egg curry, but it turned out to be really flavorful. The dishes were just a little spicy but definitely not too much. I think the samusas had the most spice. Even our little baby really enjoyed her meal. She loved it. She kept asking for more and then downed her milk and water... Gosh I wonder why... :) Ok she still likes spicy food. Even their dessert was good.Is it worth it to wait a few hours for this place? Probably not. But if you go early enough, it'll be worth it.
Had to update because I love this place so much. No reservations. Mid-sized restaurant. Will get seated quicker with a party of two. Wouldn't recommend a party of more than 4 people.Wait for lunch for 3 persons, arriving at 1:30pm--     Host Projected: 20 minutes     Actual: 70 minutes.Not sure if this was an honest mistake, or an attempt to appease our hungryyyyy countenances.No cell phone list for lunch (to call when your table is ready)- not sure if this was a new thing, or because it was lunch, or because it was a "short" wait.Our server even suggested a different dish for us, letting us know that two of the dishes we picked had the same flavoring.Favorite dishes:+ rainbow salad (I can't emphasize this enough!)+ eggplant w/garlic sauce+ fiery chicken with tofu [has same flavoring as the superstar shrimp] - very salty but very delicious+ garlic chili shrimp+ pumpkin pork+ walnut shrimp
Tasty? Yes. Lives up to the hype? Prooobably not.Like some of the other reviewers, I found the entree dishes sauce-heavy and receding into "pan-Asian" territory with no real distinguishing factors. The standout was the desserts. I don't even have a sweet tooth, but these were really the highlight of the meal for me.Ginger chocolate cake: very strong ginger flavor, but if you like ginger, you'll love this.Jackfruit banana springroll - AMAZING IN YOUR MOUTH. Crispy skin, soft, tropical fruit, and subtle coconut ice cream. I'd go back just for that.Check in on your phone and get a free thai iced tea!
I guess I am a picky eater, but Burma Superstar just didn't do it for me... my husband's family actually cooks Burmese food so I was excited to see how this compares, and in the end, we both agreed that his mom's cooking was a lot better. We came here as a group of 6 around noon on a Sunday, and thankfully there was only about a 15 minute wait. Each of us ordered a dish and we decided to share them family style for the variety. In all, we ordered the chicken samusas, mushu wraps, chicken casserole with cinnamon rice, curry catfish, nan gyi dok, coconut rice, and the broccoli. My favorite dish was actually the mushu wraps, but they weren't anything I haven't had before. I had one bite of the samusas and found it to be too oily for my liking, the chicken and fish were wayyyyy too salty, the nan gyi dok and coconut rice tied for my second favorite dish but again, I only had a bite of each, and the broccoli was okay but on the salty side as well. In short, Burma Superstar was way too heavy for me to enjoy, and even though I only sampled each dish, I felt like it was Thanksgiving all over again. Definitely not something I could eat regularly, and unfortunately don't think I'd recommend this restaurant to others.
If you've never had Burmese food before, you are missing out. This place is the sh*! Looove the food.I don't live in San Francisco, and I crave this food from afar. I wish there was something like this in LA, but I haven't found it. If you're visiting SF, I highly recommend stopping in.I see some of the reviews here say it takes a while to get in. True. Last time I went was a Saturday and there was a big line outside. We had to order to-go to get food in a decent amount of time. But they had a bench outside and served us tea while we waited.No matter what you order, I suggest getting it with coconut rice and platha bread. You will not be disappointed.
good food, a little more expensive but a great way to start a saturday afternoon with brunch. :)
I love this place, great service and a unique menu.. great place to bring friends from out of town.
Always love this place~~nice tea leaf salad
So delicious! We got to the place around 5:45 so we didn't have to wait to be seated. We spent our time looking at the menu because everything sounded so great. We decided on the samusa soup, which was the perfect blend of spices and textures. Then we split the coconut curry with flat flour noodles and a side of coconut rice. I could seriously eat a whole plate of the rice because it was so sticky and sweet and delicious. The curry was awesome too. I got a thai iced tea to accompany the food and it was really great too. I will totally be going back again soon.
Great place with delicious food! I had the famous tea leaf salad, and the spicy and crispy chicken. To drink I had the pomegranate limeade. Everything was delicious :) The only downside (which others have already noted) is the wait. We were told it would be an hour and a half wait, but it ended up being 2 hours. By that time it was almost 10 o'clock. I would suggest just having a snack before you go, and then you can wander around. They call you when your table is ready, so you can explore Clement St a little bit.
Delicious. They have an awesome salad that they mix in front of you. The fun is worth it, on top of the deliciousness!
People are absolutely right when they tell you it's not a great place for parties. I enjoy the dining experience and want others to as well, so I invited four others to join me. Got there 15 minutes after it opened and we were already put on a 45 minute wait. crazyyyyyyy. Anyways, the wait staff is very friendly and helpful. They toss your salad for you (go ahead, get your laughs in) and they have solid recommendations. Tonight, though, they did forget the straw for my friend's little brother and a hot water with lemon for my friend with a cough.We tried the rainbow salad, chicken samusas, wok-fried calamari, chicken casserole over rice, pork belly with mustard greens, and the lamb curry. I opted for variety and different tastes to see just how great this place is. 1. Rainbow salad - 22 different ingredients with a number of noodles tossed in tamarind dressing. Very refreshing and fragrant with the cilantro.2. Chicken samusas - (5 pieces) - a fried dumpling filled with chicken and potatoes served with a sweet and spicy sauce. FYI, it's not very spicy, which is a good thing. Tasty, well-seasoned filling with a delicious crunch.3. Wok-fried calamari - please don't confuse it with deep-fried calamari. What can i compare this to? Think of stir-fried calamari mixed with vietnamese papaya salad and korean ban chan. the dressing is very similar to nuoc mam with a vinegary finish that makes it almost Vietnamese.4. Chicken casserole served over rice with peas, raisins, and almonds. It's explosive with flavor and different textures. The chicken is served on the bone and you can really taste the medley of flavors.5. Pork belly with mustard greens - AWESOME! The right combination of fat and pork make this well-sauced dish just buttery soft, and it melts in your mouth.6. Lamb curry - I am accustomed to more of a Vietnamese style curry and felt that this one leaned toward more of a heartier stew type of curry/sauce. The lamb was great, and the curry wasn't overly salty. My friend's nephew found it to be his favorite dish of the night.This place is definitely worth coming to, and I may find myself visiting this place again to try different things.
I am not quite sure what is the rave of this place and all the 4+ stars that people are giving ... come on ... get real! Obviously, these people don't know what's good burmese food is ...Haven't been to this restaurant is decades and thought I give it another try since one of my friend said it was pretty good. It was crowded and the wait was about 40 minutes since they don't take reservation. It is a very small restaurant and the seatings are quite tight. A friend suggested trying Samosa Soup ... which we ordered along with Mon Hing Gar, coconut rice, jasmine rice and 3 entrees (chili shrimp, beef curry and some vegetable dish). First, the much raved samosa soup was NOT GOOD! The samosa dough was very thick and the soup was like lentil soup but more salty. Mon Hing Gar was ok ... I've had better at home. The entrees in general were TOO SALTY ... The best dishes were coconut rice and chili shrimp. The rice was aromatic and flavorful. Beef curry and the vegetable dish with tofu were both salty. The chili shrimp, on the other hand, wasn't too bad. It had a nice garlic flavor and tasted quite good.Overall, the service was pretty good but the food was not so good. As a Burmese/Chinese, I can honestly say this isn't the best nor the most authentic Burmese Restaurant.
I was super tired and I think jetlagged when I came here, but the food was really tasty. Tender tender chicken and, just like everyone else, I loved the tea leaf salad. Great service - they were so friendly. The line is terrible line, though, and that can be a bit of a turn off. But still, it was a great destination for an out of towner like me and I could deal with the wait. Next time, I'll keep my eyes open and re-evaluate the experience then ;)
Normally I wouldn't update a review for a place as well-reviewed as Burma Superstar, but I'm doing it because the service I had on my last visit was excellent.I hadn't been here in a while (like, two years!) and so it took some time for me to remember where on Clement the restaurant actually was, which led to my friend and I walking in less than half an hour before closing. I was totally expecting hurried, poor service and for the staff to be annoyed with us, but we were greeted with big smiles, given great service, and not once made to feel rushed or unwelcome. One might ask, "Well, isn't that how all restaurants should behave?" and while the answer to that is yes, the fact is that so many don't. Kudos to Burma Superstar!As for the food? Excellent moh hinga (catfish/yellow bean chowder) and rainbow salad on this visit (though I much prefer a good tea leaf salad to the rainbow). My only complaint is a minor one: while the price points aren't ridiculous, I do think the portions could be larger for what you're paying. I mean, I know for a fact that none of the ingredients in the small, $9 rainbow salad were close to being even moderately expensive. Other than that though this is still a solid place for great food on Clement Street; even the tea was excellent. If it wasn't always so busy I'd be willing to come here more often.
This place rocks!My girlfriend and I came here for lunch after our 1/2 marathon on Sunday. We only ordered 3 dishes and they were all superb. Tea Leaf Salad - Very simple with great flavor. All the crunch factor in the salad was great (peanuts, sunflower seeds)Vegetarian Samosa Soup - Hearty with a hint of heat. Tasted great since it was cold outside. Chicken curry with flat noodles (can't remember the name) - Great flavor with tender chicken. Not spicy if you are worried. I wish I had a bigger appetite at the time or more people so I could try more dishes. I definitely want to come back!
Pros:- Tea Leaf Salad (texture is very refreshing and crisp, and the flavors subtle but leave you wanting more)- Samosa Soup (my favorite thing out of all the ones I tried - imagine a thick, curry like soup with chunks of potato samosa in it. yeah!)- Rainbow Salad (tart, filling, the different noodles are a nice touch)Cons:- Coconut rice is too..sweet?- Mint chicken is good, not great- Parking at that area is a nightmare- Long wait, even on a weekday at lunchIf this restaurant was in a less crazy location and the restaurant doubled in size, I'd be more willing to come here often. But, the drive, parking, and wait for me is a little much for the food. Still, the food is good =)
Came here on a Wednesday night around 9, no wait...SCORE!TEA LEAF SALAD- pretty good and flavorful, definitely different.NAN PIA DOK (Coconut chicken curry noodle)- SOOO creamy and delicious, not too heavy. It's so comforting and yummy. BURMESE CURRY BEEF- This was braised and spiced well, but I wouldn't order it again. COCONUT RICE- Was the best i've ever had, I could've had that the entire meal. Light, fluffy, yet creamy and satisfying. I definitely will come back here to try other things on the menu!
The first time I heard about Burma Superstar, a bunch of hippies were singing its praise. So you'll have to forgive me for imagining that this place as a vegetarian cestpool of patchouli and Tom's of Maine covered B.O. Not so, I learned. The menu is filled with hits, but also contains a few trap doors - dishes that would feel at home in your run-of-the-mill Chinese American diner in Kanab, UT. Wok tossed broccoli is one of these dishes. Boring, bland and greasy. Avoid.However, some of their shining stars include the much talked about tea leaf salad, a remarkable marriage of explosive flavors.  Another awesome dish is their braised pork belly with pickled mustard greens. This dish is a sweet and tangy masterpiece.
Great place to bring people from out of town. Always great service. I love the coconut rice!
I am a fan of their tea leaf salad and chicken with fresh basil.
B.S. is definately BS! Sometimes when a place has over 2000 reviews and has an average rating of 4 stars, its the one place you should avoid because its hipsterville.I waited a few months before heading out to this place and when I finally decided to have dinner here I was so excited. I give it one star for being seated promptly but honestly, it was only worth about .5 because the host was rude and unprofessional. He seemed like he didn't have any manners. I was 3rd in line waiting to check in with the hostess and after listening to the way he spoke to the people ahead of me, I was dreading to tell him we were late for our reservations. I ordered the Tea Leaf Salad and Samosa soup as suggested by the majority of people and I did like the Tea Leaf Salad. It was tasty and very easy to replicate at home. I think people like having someone come by and toss around the leaves in front of you but it was unneccessary. The guy came by, didn't say a word and just started tossing. I think the only time its cool that someone does something tableside, is if they are making the dressing from scratch in front of you. Kind of the way they do it at David Burkes in Chicago- tableside ceasar dressing prepared from scratch then tossed in front you. It also helps if the waiter is conversational and happy.I ordered the Chicken Casserole and it was just okay. The chicken was dry and so was the rice and it was overspiced. Overall, its overspiced, overpriced and overrated. Try it for yourself and keep going back if you like it, it just wasn't for me.
This is one of the places you always hear about. My friend and I decided to finally try this place for dinner after a productive day of studying and we just started building the place up in our minds. We also continued to build it up as we waited for over an hour to get seated: we kept looking at the menu items, stared at people eating their food inside and just looked through every single picture on Yelp. When we finally got seated, we were ready to explode with excitement. The Tea Leaf Salad DELIVERED. It was sooo flavorful and different tasting but by the end, we were done with it. The curry noodle dish we got afterwards was also tasty but just alright. Sort of bland. We left feeling so ridiculous for expecting explosions in our mouths. It was good but really just A-OK. I'll come back to try a few more items and temper my expectations.
Loved it! It was with the hype! We went early- right before the opened. There were a few people already waiting. I'd go back when I'm back in that area.
First time here, mainly based on recommendations and reviews. We stopped here for dinner one night while in SF. We ordered the tea-leaf salad, eggplant, and poodhi. In addition, we also had the platha. All of the dishes were way too oily. I know folks love this place, but I was not that impressed.
Had a great meal with out of town family. With a vegetarian in the group, it was easy to find dishes suitable for all of us. A few dishes (e.g. Rainbow Salad) have a shrimp or veggie option, and those dishes were still quite fine w/o the shrimp. Price was quite reasonable, and we were able to get a table for six with about a 15 minute wait by arriving about 6:30PM on a Friday.For dessert, we chose to go to the Green Apple Bookstore just down the street. We spent far more $$ there! :-)
This place is just plain OVERRATED. A couple reviews and a wait for over an hour--I expected a culinary Mecca the likes of Jesus would have been found dining at. I truly, desperately WANTED AND NEEDED to like this place more than I did. After almost 2 hours waiting in line (plus light perusing in the ridiculous Asian variety store next door), we sat down to a meal that was really forgettable. Honestly, I can't tell you what we had because I don't remember. At all. The only thing I do remember eating are a couple of decent samosas, and the only reason I can remember that is because I'm a sucker for all things fried. No joke.I'm not saying this place is bad at all. In fact, the food (as I remember it) was pretty decent. But I'm giving this place 3 stars simply because it wasn't anything special and for what you expect, it doesn't even come close to meeting your expectations. Food prices are a little high and the place is always crowded an noisy. But the ambiance is nice, with hardwood floors and distressed wood furniture. I would come back, but definitely not on my own--only if friends want to drag me here, although I'd probably run across the street and grab a Gengki crepe in the time we'd have to wait.
E. Coli !
Loved it! Took the family here on a little diversion from a day in the park. Actually set out to find dim sum or banh mi, but ended up here. What a good choice! Loved the scene, the food, the service. Too bad it was only lunch and we were not starving! Will definitely come back for dinner and order more and more and more. Yum!
I believe I was blinded by hunger pang when I wrote my initial review of Burma Superstar. After staying away from BS (just wanted to point out the irony) for over 3 years, I reluctantly decided to give it another try ... I mean, how can 4-star rating from almost 3000 reviewers be wrong?!? But the traumatic recollection of the 1 hour wait still fresh in my mind, I decided to order a takeout ... and boy, was I glad I gave BS a 2nd try! And I've been ordering takeouts from this place ever since ... I've gone back once to eat at the restaurant, and although the waitlist wasn't as dreadful as before, there wasn't much improvement in the wait staff.Then again, the food is what I want to focus on, and the food at BS is undeniably good.
Excellent for vegetarians! Tea leaf salad is a must.
I could see vegetarians growing a pencil-sized woody here (vegetarians rate every restaurant highly if the food tastes marginally better than tree bark), but I expect more discrimination from omnivores.  1) The chicken looks and tastes like chicken, but it has the unmistakable texture of Cartoon Chicken. Scientists at Foster Farms must have figured out how to transfer Foghorn Leghorn genes into real hens (I wonder if they have large talons?).2) I don't like seeing salad being tossed and it makes me even uncomfortable to see it up close and in person. There's really no reason not to just do it in back (that's about the only place you can toss salad, duh!). And, if you're going to make a show of it, make a show of it. Be spectacular. (Maybe the guy who doesn't understand the whole building turning into a robot thing came up with this idea.) There's a reason why FLAMES and/or big Knives always involved in preparation table-side! Service was very friendly and fast, but free ice-tea is held hostage (you have to show them that you checked in using your phone). If it's your first time here you can't very well check in so no tea for you. I guess one could write a review on the spot, but how could you write a review at the beginning of a meal? Oh...now all the 5 stars make sense! Too bad I only have a pager.
This place was very quite and had a great ambience. Their signature salad was amazing as were the samosas. I didn't enjoy the curry as much as I had hoped but I can be picky about my curry. All in all it was great. I would love to go back and try new dishes.
This place is really busy, because the food is good! We probably had to wait for almost an hour until we were seated, but it was worth it.We decided to pick 1 dish each, so we ordered 4 dishes. We also ordered a samusa salad, which was delicious. For my dish, I ordered the chili lamb, and was probably one of my fav out of the 4 we chose. Unfortunately, I don't remember the other dishes...It's a little pricey for college kids and the dishes are pretty small, so I can't say that was all too fun. The food on the other hand was pretty good.
I really wanted to like it especially after the great reviews. Went there for lunch and had their soup and green tea salad special. Friendly service but the food really lacked depth of flavor. I usually love new food experiences but this one was disappointing.
So many people have raved about this joint that naturally, I expected much more from this restaurant. I've come here a few times, and I remember the first time (about a year and half ago) I came here with Natasha H for dinner, and we had to wait until 9 or 930PM just to be seated. When we got there, we were rushed to get our order in since the kitchen was about to close. Way to NOT have a good dining experience...being rushed to order and being rushed out to finish eating. That was NOT pleasant at all.Well, as I said, I've been here about 5-6 times, for lunch and dinner (roughly equal 3 times for dinner and 3 times for lunch). Each experience was subpar. Frankly, for the amount that you pay here (Burma SuperStar is the most expensive Burmese restaurant I've been to in the city) I would have expected something more special and something more... unique. But, it is like all the other Burmese restaurants in the city...just OVERPRICED and OVERHYPED. I remember the last time I came here, I came here with my friend a few months ago. We wanted to split our bills, and they misplaced my friend's credit card and instead charged everything on my credit card. We informed the waiter, who I think was just out-of-sorts that day, that everything was charged on my credit card and that a credit card was missing. Well they reversed the charge onto my credit card without giving me a customer copy (the waiter said, "I don't know how to print the customer receipt copy") and charged half of the bill onto my credit card.  The waiter this time brought the second credit card to our table, but it was NOT my friend's credit card, but was another table's credit card. We informed the waiter of his second mistake. He came over to us, in a frustrated and annoyed tone, and just grabbed the credit card from us. Finally, after about 10 minutes more of waiting, we got the right credit card delivered to us. This whole ordeal took about 20-30 minutes. What gives???? First of all, as a waiter, you should be keeping track of which credit cards go with which tables. You should not be randomly swiping credit cards that go with random tables... that is just unethical. What irked me the most was that the waiter had this condescending attitude, when it wasn't even our faults... it was his own mistakes. He didn't even say sorry.OK, I'll admit, that this was one of the ***WORST*** experiences I've experienced at any restaurant in my life, and the worst I've had here in Burma SuperStar. All the other experiences I've had here were OK... but this really put the cherry on top of sub-par experiences at BurmaSuper star--pushing it to a *1 star category*.Just as a note, the Burmese food tastes better than the Chinese-inspired food here. The Chinese-inspired food here tastes like a more expensive version of Panda Express, so I'd stay away from that. I've had a lot of Burmese food in my life, so I know what's good and what's bad. But, as a recommendation, if you want to save money, and get better customer service, I'd go to the other Burmese restaurants in the city that taste the same and cost way less.You've scarred me, Burma SuperStar! AVOID!
To start, the (virtual?) line out the door is insane, but thankfully there are a bunch of other shops nearby that offer a pleasant distraction. Our wait was a little over an hour, and it made me curious to try Burma SuperStar's sister restaurant up the street. Perhaps I will the next time I'm in San Francisco; after all they have the tea leaf salad.Which brings me to my favorite part of dinner, the tea leaf salad. It had incredibly complex textures & tastes. Hints of lemon, some spice from jalapeno peppers, garlic and spattering of nuts. All of it was introduced by a server before he proceeded to mix it at our table.Our next appetizer was an order of chicken samosas. My companions and I found that they didn't really seem to contain much chicken. Perhaps it's more of a chicken broth? Regardless, they were fried crispy in a way that seemed good but foreign as I'm used to the Indian samosa with it's more fluffy pastry. The samosas were served with a spicy sauce.Though I'm not sure if I just wasn't nearly as hungry when our main course arrived, it didn't seem to live up to either of the appetizers. We ordered the chicken dahl, Shan noodles and garlic shrimp. Of the three, the garlic shrimp was the best, though the garlic was quite strong. The chicken dahl also good, and I feel like I didn't really do it justice because I just wasn't hungry enough. The Shan noodles, however, were too spicy for any of us to enjoy, and my companions don't normally balk at spicy food at all. Apparently it's not a commonly ordered dish, so our server wasn't sure if was just accidentally extra spicy.In the end, I'm glad that we waited. This was my first exposure to Burmese food, and it definitely wet my appetite for more.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!Always a long line and the place doesn't take reservations, so make sure to get here early so you have time to find parking and get a table.1) Tea Leaf Salad (as featured on Food Network) - a delicious refreshing starter to your meal. The server comes by your table and mixes the salad by spritzing some lemon into the salad, which has Burmese tea leaf, fried garlic and peanuts. It's not completely drenched in any dressing, and the crunchiness of the peanuts coupled with the Burmese tea make a great salad.2) Nan Gyi Dok (mild coconut chicken rice noodle curry) - YUMMY. The noodles are smooth and perfectly chewy. I usually don't like overly creamy sauces, and the milkiness of the coconut cream sauce is just right. The egg is also a great touch. HIGHLY recommend this!3) Minced Chicken - This isn't on the website's menu, but it is SO GOOD. It's sweet and spicy at the same time... had chili, jalapenos, so so good. GET THIS!! 4) Coconut Rice - I didn't think it would be anything special, but it makes a huge difference eating your entrees with the coconut rice. The coconut taste is subtle, but you can definitely taste it - really brings out and complements all the wonderful flavors.
Burma superstar was my first experience with Burmese food. It blew me away. Even after waiting for over an hour for a table. So why 3 stars? That is because the wait on most any day is a minimum of an hour and prices are a bit high for what you get and the portion sizes. I have been to Burma superstar about 6 times in total.I have since found Mandalay which is just a few blocks over. The food is tastier (including the amazing tea lead salad), cheaper and larger portions. The kicker? I have never waited longer than 15 min. That doesn't mean they are not busy, just that they have an incredibly efficient system. Plus, they are super nice!Final word: if you are ok with waiting over an hour to pay more and get less than Mandalay a few blocks away - fine.
Awesome! If you are looking for a ethnic place to eat, u have u make this your first stop. There are lines for a table but the food is to die for! Highly recommended.
Yummy!! I love the tea leaf salad! The waiter brings you the salad with all the ingredients separated and once at your table explains each ingredient's name and origin as he mixes it all together for you. We also ordered several other dishes which names I cannot recall but were all very delicious. I highly recommend this place- it is quite busy though so if you plan to eat there you should probably make a reservation or call ahead of time.
I've been hearing about this place for months, and it definitely lived up to the hype. We waited 1.75 hours on a Saturday night (5:30-7:15) just to be seated...I know you're probably cringing at that...but my friend and I just chatted at a nearby coffee shop to pass the time. On the upside, we were in and out of the restaurant in 40 minutes.What we ordered:Vegetarian Samusa Soup - if there is anything on the menu that you should try, it is this soup....velvety, richly flavored yumminess with some soft and some slightly crispy pieces of samusa floating around is all i can say to describe it. would prob wait in line again just to order this soup!!Pumpkin Pork Stew - great homestyle dish with large pieces of pumpkin and tender pieces of pork...reminded me of a Filipino dish my mom would make at home :)Walnut Shrimp - would pass on ordering this...we didn't realize it was actually the same dish you can find at any Chinese or Dim Sum restaurantIf you're going here at ANY mealtime (11:30-1:30pm or 5-7pm), you must expect to wait an hour to an hour an a half. Just accept it. But for me, I'll probably come here next time after 2pm or after 8pm and be sure to save my stomach for some Samusa Soup :)
ABSOLUTELY WORTH THE WAIT!!. My father and I came on a Wednesday evening about 6:30pm. The line was already out the door but the smells of incredible food permeated the city street. There was only two of us so we were quoted a 25 minute wait. They offered immediate service at their sister restaurant a few blocks up the road but we decided to wait instead. We waited across the street at a cafe, had a beer, enjoyed some conversation and less than 20 minutes later my cell phone rang and we were invited back to Burma to begin dinner.The restaurant is small. There are wooden tables, very modest decor and pretty noisy. I didn't have to shout but I was definitely speaking louder than normal. The menu was fairly extensive for the size of their kitchen but we were anxious to dive in. We started with the Tea Leaf Salad. INCREDIBLE. With every bite the flavor continued to dive deeper into your taste buds. The crispness of the lettuce, the crunchy peanuts, the acid from the tomato, the surprise of garlic and the subtle hint of an aromatic tea. Despite the many reviews nothing could have prepared me for how wonderful it was.We then had the SuperStar Vegetarian Noodles. The noodles had a great texture and the tofu had so much flavor. The chili's gave it a nice heat, while the cucumber made sure our tastebuds were comfortable. We knew prior to ordering that the dish was going to be served at room temperature which I was a little wary about but it was a perfect compliment to the rest of the meal. The Pea Shoots. This was a great side dish. The pea shoots had the texture of spinach without the grittiness left on your teeth! Lots of garlic!!!Garlic Chili Shrimp. This was the ONLY dish I likely would not order again. The flavor was great, lots of chili, lots of garlic but the shrimp itself was kind of blah. It was as if the sauce couldn't penetrate through its slimy texture. I am a HUGE seafood fan so when it comes to shrimp and fish texture is a big deal for me so Burma Superstar just barely missed the mark on this one.I can't wait to return to try something else. Thanks for a great dinner Burma Superstar!! See you soon
OMG!As first timers we relied on the recommendations from the wait staff, who were extremely friendly and knowledgeable. After walking there from Van Ness and California, we were parched. The Burma Cooler is a fantastic refresher!We just loved everything we had! The calamari was outstanding! We loved the taste, presentation, and freshness of ingredients in both the tea leaf salad and the ginger salad.We moved onto entrees, and had the Nan Pia Duk (very coconutty),the Chili Lamb (nicely spicey), and the Pumpkin Shrimp (my personal favorite).We just can't wait to go back and sample more dishes!!!
Wow wow wow wow ... oh yeah ... and WOW. This place is absolutely unbelievable and I cannot wait to come back to try other things here. The wait was tremendous and if you are planning to go for dinner, call in advance and they will tell you that you will wait 2 hours to get a table for two. So you sit at home until its about time to drive there in two hours and you wait a little more at the tiny front door of this very unassuming restaurant.Once you go in, the aroma of the foods that you will eventually be eating will make your mouth drool uncontrollable in anticipation of the wonderful flavors that will soon fill your tummy.This place is AMAZING. No more needs to be said except the wait is ridiculous for a reason. Well, what are you waiting for?
I'm not sure what the hype is about this restaurant!I went on a Thursday night. I had called in advance and the hostess told me to call an hr before I came to put my name on the wait list. We arrived at the restaurant 40 minutes after we called and we checked in with the hostess who told us it would be 15 minutes. An hour and a half later, we were sat down! Unbelievable! The only good part of the dinner was the tea leaf salad. It was amazing and nothing I have ever eaten before. I would go back JUST FOR THAT. It was a super simple salad but the flavors were so robust.The coconut rice was good too and the shrimp dish we had was okay as was the chili lamb. I did not like the lettuce wraps or the samosas.I might be compelled to go back if only for the salad as it was incredible but I would probably see if they did take out so I didn't have to wait 2 hours for it!
Make sure you get to Burma SuperStar at 5:00 exactly in order to get a table*. At about 4:55 you'll notice the hoards of people walking down Clement like salmon swimming upstream. Where are all those people going? Burma SuperStar. No joke.While everything is pretty stellar, there are a few things that you NEED to order. Choose your own main dish, but stick with these accoutrements:-COCONUT RICE. Order more than you need because it's still fabulous the next day.-Tea Leaf Salad. It has citrus and savory flavors that marry perfectly.Personally, I wasn't a huge fan of the samusa soup. The broth was good, but the texture of the soggy samusas in the soup didn't do it for me. But it's not enough to take away from Burma SuperStar's 5 star rating. There's plenty of awesome to choose from.*Note: If you can't get there by 5, call ahead and they'll actually put your name on the waiting list. Crucial piece of info.
Bottom line: amazing food, wonderful service, i will go back again and againI've eaten here something like 7 times and will continue to return many times over. My favorites are the chili lamb and the tea leaf salad. Matched with coconut rice this meal can't be beat. Other things I've tried and thoroughly enjoyed are the superstar shrimp, garlic duck noodles, garlic basil eggplant, rainbow salad, pea shoots, and string beans. Everything is delicious! Everytime. Order a serving of coconut rice for each person because it will disappear. I remember on one of my first visits, it was explained that they are one of the few places that has Chimay beer on tap and it's a great beer. Service is always impeccable, and the place is busy busy busy. I always seem to get a table at first seating. This seems to be the way to go for me, because they dont take reservations, and if you miss the first seating you'll obviously have to wait a while. Absolutely one of my favoritest places to eat ever.
I have literally never walked away from Burma Superstar without a feeling of contentment in my belly and my soul. With the first bite of my Tea Leaf Salad I almost forget that i was just shivering outside waiting under that one single heat lamp they have. (There is complimentary tea for those who are waiting but sometimes it's so cold that the tea get cold in minutes haha). Then when the Samosa soup comes along I know I'm going to walk away SO HAPPY.The mango chicken or mango beef dish with a side of coconut rice is usually my go-to. It is so delicious and slightly tangy and oh just heaven.Service here is always above average even though I know it must be hectic with all the large crowds.Dining here is not cheap but it is a well-worth it treat and a great place to take visitors.I wish they took reservations though! That is my only wish. But i understand why they dont.MMm i want to go RIGHT NOW
You will wait a long time for this table.You will love the food, the garlic noodles.You will go back and bring friends.You will make us wait a long time for your big table to be done...
Tea leaf salad!!
I love Burma Superstar. It's so different from a lot of the shitty Asian fare the city has to offer. The flavors are intense and strong yet clean (if that makes sense).It's one of my go-to restaurants to take people to when they're visiting from out of town.Tea leaf salad is a must try. The curries and noodles are delicious. Sangria is a nice way to get buzzed while you're enjoying the deliciousness.The only downside is the wait. I recommend going to B-Star Bar which has a lot of the trademark dishes (and other amazing dishes of their own) for a just-as-yummy meal with less of a wait. It's just a block or so away!
i really don't want to tell anyone this place is awesome because the lines are already long. But this place is the best. I would tell you my favorites (but who cares) but everything i tried has been off the charts.
Can't go wrong here, great food great service though parking is a challenge. Highly recommended.
Superstar shrimp, tealeaf salad, coconut rice: all good options.Would have given 5 stars, but had a bad aftertaste on my last visit there, can't exactly explain why.
Amazing and well worth the wait. The service was excellent to in that our server made it easy for us to just eat their amazing food and not wonder if we were getting the best stuff, etc.
As good as it gets, top notch service and food. A classic San Francisco destination. Don't think twice.
I love bringing out of towners here. The food is so flavorful, a great value, and attentive service. Plus, afterwords you can walk down clement for some sweet Asian pastries.Tea Leaf Salad: a must orderChicken in yellow curry: has a great spicy kick to itI've ordered half a dozen other things and have never felt regret for trying something new. There is usually a wait, but most good things do.
Long wait, but good food. their noodles come beautifully presented, then they mix it like a salad. great when fresh. not so good when you take it to go.
Love the salads and soups. Main entrees are just okay.
Fantastic salads, potstickers and beer list (Chamay on tap!). I have gone a handful of times, and even when it's busy the staff is kind and generous to give you seating room in the back or to offer your drink while you stand. Service is pretty quick and the food is always delicious. A great go-to if you're in the area.
My wife and I love this place. Burgers are the best. Get there early, they fill up fast.
love the fiercy tofu !!!
The food- I found the food to be ok but nothing special. 15 years ago this place may have been worth going to but with so many choices, why wait in those ridiculous lines. I had the tea salad which is good, but in my book not intergalactic like some would like you to believe. To many people fall for the image of waiting people equating to great food. Two other dishes that were sub par were the garlic noodles and the house curry shrimp. The curry dish which was recommended by the waitstaff was more dry shrimp paste flavor and lacked a good balance of heat and flavor. The garlic noodles was a poor attempt to infuse garlic with noodles with a watery rue. I can see that if you are young, can not cook and have not tried many other cuisine you could be impressed. The menu needs to be revamped.Service- Got there before the long lines but was told half hour wait, no problem. Went next door to browse till they paged me. When we got paged , I told my wife to go ahead while I pay for what I had picked up at the little store. When I got to the restaurant, she was still near the front and not at a table. She looked stunned and a little perturbed.  As it turned out, my wife who was sitting at the table was asked by management to get up to another table because the major, Ed Lee, was there with a group and had political privileges. She said what the hell, their response was he's the major and it was a unwritten rule. While siting at the next table she was again ask to get up and stand near the hostess station, where she asks why are you giving my second table away? Management was clueless and totally off balance because the mayor and his party who had to be moved to another section had sent the staff into a frenzy. In order to try to make due my wife didn't completely fill me in till after the meal of her ordeal.My review may not sound great, but I and those who know me consider me a foodie and a food snob, because not only do I eat all types of food can hold my own when cooking all types of cuisine, so Burmese is not exotic to me. I am fair and willing to give the establishment another shot, because I may have caught them on a bad day. I know several things for my next: Not going to wait more than 15 minutes, Do not go to the same location , Not going to order the same items, If Obama or Mayor Quan of Oakland show up......just leave, cause a normal joe like me ain't going to be treated like normal a customer.  NUFF SAID
Simple, fresh and tasty. Worth the wait! Tea Leaf salad is a must.
Yum! Tea salad and soft egg okra curry...yumtastic.
Great food, take-out or dine-in. It's so unique and flavorful, you will crave it!
It was my first time at Burma SuperStar. They were getting ready to close for the night, my bf and I was desperate for a decent meal in the neighborhood. what did we eat? we ordered a appetizer dish that is some type of bread that is meant to be dipped in curry. SO YUMMY! however, it only came in 4 pieces! I wish the portions were slightly bigger, maybe 6-7 pieces of bread instead? Esp, since we were given so much curry. Aside from the appetizer, we ordered the beef curry and sweet/spicy fried chicken. I like the beef curry even though it was a big dry and jerky-ish. The chicken wasn't so great, tasted like chicken breast puffs that were in the freezer for way too long. My bf wasn't satisfied with the meal but I think it was a-okay. I think next time when i dine here, I'll try other dishes.
2.5 stars.The food is pretty good as covered in most of the reviews I've seen. It's not the best I have ever had but it does hit the spot.The downside is it's gets very busy. I don't mind waiting but telling people it's about 20 minutes and then it turns out to be over an hour and having to share a table isn't great. Customer service isn't that important I guess.Then to add insult to injury, we were ready to order but good luck trying to do that. Even after signalling that we were ready to order the server went to the other side of the table who weren't ready and waited for them to be done. Not impressed.Only the food rescued this place (it was tasty) from a disaster rating.
WOW! This place is delicious!! Ordered their famous tea leaf salad, the samosas, and curry shrimp. Every single item blew me away. The flavor of the ingredients and the quality of the food was sooo good. The future gf (only she doesn't know it yet) took me here for dinner since she's the Frisco native. I was upset at the wait but once we got inside and I took my first bite at the tea leaf salad, I am a fan for life. It also didn't hurt that I was sitting across from a beautiful lady. I'll make that 6 hour trek just for Burma SuperStar any day. BTW: Service inside was great. Friendly and attentive. Wish I could say the same for the d-bag host that give everyone attitude (he was a total jerk). I'm over it! Thanks for the yummy in my tummy Burma SuperStar.
Maybe I'm jaded by the new food experience. Maybe I'd not give this 5 stars if I'd tasted this before. Maybe it's just that good and should be lauded as the best ever.I'd never really known what Burmese food was. I'd heard of Burma Superstar because it was the name of a restaurant that everyone raved about, but the Burmese part confused me no matter how Superstar-y it was. I happened to be in the area with a friend. We were getting some framing done at Cheap Pete's. We asked what was a good lunch place and the lady said Burma Superstar. So, we went. Had the chicken samusas, lettuce cups, crispy & spicy chicken, and coconut rice. All of it was superb. I'm going back. I'm having one of everything and there's no question left about it. The food was a-freakin'-mazing. The service was pretty awesome as well. Everyone was just great and I'm thinking I'd like this to be a date night. The only thing is that there's no reservation and, what could be, a long wait. Don't fret. It's worth the wait.
AMAZING. It will be one of your favorites. Heavier and more formal than B Star down the street.
Love their coconut rice. So good! Their ginger lemonade provides a zing; you can really taste the ginger. Gets fairly crowded around lunchtime.
Not worth the hype!
It's pretty amazing. I really love it. I won't give it a five star review only because with the amount of hype, it needed to be basically the best food I've ever had. It came close. This four star rating should be taken to mean "amazing," but based on the hype and the wait (1 hour in the brrrrr cold), I am holding back that final star!
These guys are overrated! My friend took me here as a treat with her mother and I was forced to sit in the servers isle. The food was flavorful if a little bland on the whole. a few stand outs where the platha and dip, the platha was nice and the dip very flavorful, and the citrus peanut chicken.I found the restaurant cramped on the whole and felt pity for the people who waited an hour for the mediocre food, but to each their own.I might drop in for a quick lunch if the place was half the price and easy to seat.
One of the reasons I did not look forward to going back to LA is b'coz I would miss Burma Superstar. I was blown away by the unique flavors in every simple dish. The freshness and the one-of-a-kind ingredients they use make this place so amazing. The service was great and the prices are reasonable. I can't think of anything negative!Try their food and experience something sensational.The "tea leaf salad" is SUPER! Also try the "Burmese Curry w/ Catfish".
Quality, consistency, comforting.
My friend called them to put her name on the waiting list while we were 15 mins drive away. They put her on hold long enough that we got there beforehand. Geez..Anyway, got lucky on the parking just 1 block away and put our name in for estimated half hour wait. Quite few things to see around there: Schubert's Bakery (was closed right when we got there grrr...), Toy Boat Cafe, Asian grocery store.By the time we got back, our table was ready and we ordered: samusas, tea leaf salad, mint chicken, beef curry and tan poi (basmatti rice side).Samusas and tea leaf salad were as good as others are saying. Compared to Indian samosas, the samusa had thinner crispy skin and softer curried mashed potatoes filling. The salad has nice mix of peanuts, roasted garlic; crunchy, salty and fresh leaves...The beef curry tasted just like Indonesian's beef rendang. I wonder if they both are actually the same dish with different names.Mint chicken was also good.. but very spicy. Couldn't eat it without the rice so we ordered second helping of rice.
I have eaten here twice for lunch, the first time with my mom and the second time with my bf, who had never been. The first visit was great and i ordered the chicken curry with coconut rice and vegetable samusas. I was very happy with my order. The curry wasn't anything out of the ordinary but paired with the coconut rice, yum. The samusas were my favorite, crispy, slightly spicy and just plain delicious.The my second visit I left unsatisfied. I of course ordered the samusas which were awesome. I let my bf choose the other dishes. He wanted to try the infamous tea leaf salad, something i wasn't interested in. And he also decided on the coconut chicken noodles. Both of us did not care for the salad (and my bf eats everything and anything and he said he would not order this again). There were just too many components that no two bites tasted the same. As for the noodles, it lacked flavor and spice and was soupy. I felt like they just poured coconut milk on top off the noodles. I also found it heavy on the palate.My boyfriend, who was excited to eat here, was not impressed by his visit. And I felt bad because I had a good first experience. I will definitely come back with him but will not be ordering the tea leaf salad or the chicken coconut curry noodles.
As many of my fellow yelpers may know, the wait is ridiculous during peak hours. However, the food is worth the wait. I have yet to try their meat entrees but the seafood menu did not disappoint. We ordered their famous Tea Leaf Salad (featured on Food Network) and it was delicious, granted I don't really order salad when dining out. Then came our Platha and Dip for appetizers which was pretty filling but also very tasty. We had the garlic chili shrimp, tofu, Burmese catfish curry, and coconut rice which were all incredibly flavorful and satisfied (3) hungry people. Since my other friend was not observing fasting during lent, he ordered the pork belly which he inhaled in a span of about ten minutes. He said it was delicious and I have yet to try it. Dessert was mediocre and I would rather go across the street for some Genki crepe, but all in all it was a fantastic meal! This place also is small, so if you have a large party I suggest planning accordingly. Parking can be a bit rough during peak hours but not impossible to find. Also, take advantage of going there on weekdays (except maybe Friday) as soon as they open. No lines!
Thai + Indonesian + Malaysian food + more spices = Burmese food (not to try to categorize, but if you had to describe it). Get the tea leaf salad, i'm not a fan of salad, but everyone else loved it. Oh Noh Kauswer* (coconut chicken noodle soup)Burmese style coconut noodle soup with chicken, onions, eggs, cilantro, and lemons - YUM! very interesting and different .. if you like Tom Yum soup it's sorta similar.. sort of.. try it!Mango Chicken Stir fried chicken breast with fresh mangos in a light chili sauce - good but nothing special, very very similar to thai ones you can get anywhere else (skip this)Garlic Noodles*(with duck, pork, or tofu and broccoli)Flour noodles with fried garlic, scallions, and your choice of bbq pork, duck, or tofu broccolli - pretty good, basic garlic noodles i'd guess.. nothing uniqueBeef Kebat*(not available mild)Stir fried beef with onions, tomatoes, green chilies, and mint leaves - GET THIS IT WAS GOOD!We should have got some of hte more unique items too, but oh well. A good experience, but it is pricey so beware it's not cheap like some Thai places!
This one's from a few months back, but I remember it so vividly that I couldn't NOT write a review. Quite possibly my most favorite dish of all time, that made me more of a believer in salads? I don't eat meat... and I don't really eat salad. GO FIGURE.Well... until now.THE BURMESE TEA LEAF SALAD? OH MY. It comes to the table beautifully arranged on a large square plate in sections, showcasing the different ingredients, colors and textures. Lettuce, tomatoes, fried garlic, peanuts, sunflower seeds, sesame seeds, split peas and the magical burmese tea leaves are patiently waiting to be tossed, as the server whips it all together at the table. Once you dig in, damn perfection. Colors, flavors, textures and crunch all scream loud and clear. Lemony, slightly sweet, salty and fresh... complex flavors all come together like a symphony--as if all of the most amazing composers in history collaborated on one ultimate piece. YES, THAT GOOD.We also ordered the the vegetarian Samusa soup, which was a warm, cozy bowl of samusas (the Burmese samosa, almost like a ravioli), falafel, cabbage, lentils and onions. Comforting, flavorful, hearty, intense and filling. Super delicious.If I could order soup and salad all day, these would be my choices, for sure. My only gripe is that Burma Superstar is in San Fran, and I'm in NYC. So it's definitely a must when I do visit the Bay Area.Until then, I'm on a mission to find comparable Burmese tea leaf salad here in the Big Apple, if it exists at all here. It has to--this is NYC.My mouth waters whenever I think about it.Burma Superstar = Burma ROCKSTAR.
Tea leaf salad and coconut rice is so good.I especially liked their tofu skin and woodear mushroom dish. I've been thinking about it ever since i had it.It is a long wait to get a table though. I popped into the bubble tea place nearby to pass the time though.
Food is wicked good. It is worth the extremely long line every day of the week.
Burma Superstar is a great place for delicious and unique dining with friends in SF. It can be an awesome experience if you order the right things. But alas, Burma Superstar gets 4 stars instead of 5 because based on all the hype, you would think it's going to be blow-your-mind amazing. It's good, but I definitely have places I prefer in the city. Also, if you don't order the right things, it can be just ok. Here are my suggestions for making the most of your Burma Superstar experience:1) CALL AHEAD! The wait times at Burma Superstar are notoriously long and they do NOT take reservations. This can mean waiting for well over an hour in the blistering cold. BUT if you call ahead, they will put your name on the list and tell you about how long it will be until your name is called. That way, you can head over to the restaurant at around that time, and then you have 5 minutes from when they call you to get to the restaurant before they give away your table. This is a HUGE timesaver! 2) Get recommendations! I do NOT recommend just ordering off the menu based on what you think looks good. I've been to Burma Superstar a good number of times now, and my experiences have varied greatly based on whether I asked for suggestions. The times that my friends and I just ordered off the menu, we were underwhelmed, vs. when we have gotten recommended items, we were VERY pleased. One of the waiters (I wish I could remember his name!) was AMAZING - he told us exactly what to order (and not order) when I took a friend to Burma Superstar for his birthday, and we were blown away by the food.3) Based on my past experiences, here are my thoughts on the dishes you should get and you should skip:GET: Tea leaf salad (good, but I still think this is a bit hyped), coconut curry chicken noodles (this is probably my favorite dish), spicy catfish (though be warned, it comes with bones), garlic chili shrimpSKIP: Samusa soup (just ok), salt and pepper calamari (the sauce is good, but I didn't think it was super flavorful). I wish I could remember the other items we didn't really like, but it's been so long since we threw caution to the wind and just ordered what sounded good...
Delicious Flavors and Great Service! Go with lots of friends and share everything!
Great food & great flavors but small portions for the price!! 1. Tea Leaf Salad - had good & unique flavors -very crunchy with all of the seeds in it.2. Spicy Lamb - has a unique citrus tang of sorts, but very flavorful & very spicy (not for the faint of heart); reminds me of Chinese Mongolian beef a little3. Garlic Noodles - least favorite dish, kind of flat in flavor compared to the other 2 dishes I triedI'll go back :)
Pork Belly. Pea Shoots. Tea Leaf Salad. Platha. Lamb Curry. Walnut Prawns. Brown Rice. Superstar Noodles. Ginger Beer Cooler.OMG! So full. So full yet I can't stop eating it all. I am SO glad that Danny and Natalie were there. Because I would otherwise die an extremely painful death involving the bursting of my stomach from filling it with all this goodness.Of course, this goodness doesn't come cheaply and was about $40 per person for all of the above items. It also comes with a wait which enables you to eat all of the above items. Here's a little tip though: You CAN call ahead and have them put your name on the list. So it's ALMOST like a reservation.
Like the 2008 Dallas Cowboys, they got a lot of stars and an awful lot of hype. the difference, BS at least lived up to it. For a little place they can fit a good number of people. Inside it looks like some Sherpa hut which is kind of cool and unique.The food is also pretty exotic. The ginger beer, which taste like ginger ale is a fun drink. The tea leaf salad is a good try, very eclectically delicious. Their curries and other entrees are very bold and pungent in a good way. Coconut rice could have had a little bit more flavors but good nonetheless.Call ahead of time to have a table held to avoid the line outside.
This place pretty much rules. You will have to wait, but very time I have gone it has been a treat. Pork Belly was awesome and my wife always gets the tea leaf salad mmmmmm!
It's a destination restaurant, one found on many top-ten lists and guidebooks. For that reason, I have generally avoided it over the past few years. The wait in the misty fog can be interminable. I'd rather check out Yamo or Mandalay for equally good Burmese fare at a lower price point.That said, the tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, samusa soup, and coconut rice are outstanding. And two East Bay locations (Oakland and Alameda) have sprouted up.I've brought countless guests - friends and family alike - here, and everyone raves about the meal afterward. I am more than happy to revisit, as long as I have a snack beforehand.
I recently ate at a Burmese restaurant in Chiang Mai, Thailand. The waiter asked where I was from, and when I said, "San Francisco," the waiter said, "I want to go to San Francisco to eat at Burma Superstar." San Franciscans visiting Chiang Mai would rave about the restaurant. It's a short trip from Chiang Mai to Burma itself, so perhaps it's a stretch to go to SF for Burma Superstar from Thailand for the tea salad. But certainly, it's worth a trip across town and a bit of a wait.
I went to Burma Superstar with my family on Mother's Day. This food exposed me to a new spectrum of flavors. It was a great experience for my family and I highly recommend this restaurant to anybody who is looking for a fun family outing!FOOD: We began our meal with the Vegetarian Samusa Soup which was absolutely delicious. The wide array of spices worked perfectly with each other. It was light, yet creamy, and honestly the perfect way to begin our meal. The iconic Tea Leaf Salad came to the table next and it really does live up to its expectations! The waitress mixed it up right at the table and served each of us our own portions. This was my favorite part of the meal! For entree's we ordered the Pumpkin Shrimp, the Garlic Noodles, and the Eggplant and Tofu Curry. The Pumpkin Shrimp stole the show with its tastiness. The shrimp were huge and so full of flavor. The pumpkin that came along with the dish was so soft and moist I couldn't stop eating it. The Garlic noodles were not very good in my opinion, they were flavorless and not as "garlicy" as i wanted them to be. The Eggplant and Tofu curry was not a shining dish either. It didn't have enough sauce and the tofu was pretty flavorless. So if you come here PLEASE order the Tea Leaf Salad, the Vegetable Samusa Soup and the Pumpkin Shrimp!ENVIRONMENT: The restaurant is sort of loud but not too loud, I loved the environment. We had a bit of a wait before we were seated and they had tea and heaters outside for us. What made me really love this restaurant were the phenomenal waitresses. We had two and both of them were so kind and welcoming! They told us how the Tea Leaf Salad was made and just made the experience so much fun!!Overall this restaurant was very excellent, I just didn't like some of the flavors. My family loved Burma Superstar! I recommend this place if you are in the city and have relatives or friends visiting because you won't be disappointed in the experience! Overall Rating: 4.0
Solid 4 stars. My expectations were high since a friend had highly raved about it, and I knew about the long waits for the restaurant. Came here on a Saturday night before it opened and was able to be in the first group to get seated. (definitely the lines got really long after around 6:30)I had never had Burmese food and was excited to try this place. From Yelp reviews, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, which was amazing. It included lots of ingredients which blended together to create a very unique flavor that can't really be described, but definitely a very delicious salad! The tea leaves were fermented in a special way that gave it the unique flavor, and didn't have too strong of a tea taste that I was expecting. Other items we had were the Burmese Style Curry Beef and coconut rice, which were also really good. We also tried the Platha, which my friend and I both did not enjoy as much. It is sort of a blend between the Chinese scallion pancake and roti. However, it was a bit hard and not as fluffy as these other breads.Overall, I was very impressed with the food and definitely want to come again to try their other dishes. Prices were good, slightly over $10 for most dishes.
Wow! This was a paradigm-shifting meal for me. As I'm sure it has for many people, Burma SuperStar introduced me to an entire cuisine. Wonderful to expand my horizons, unfortunate that I now crave lahpet constantly, even when I'm too far away to get my fix.Right across the street from Genki!
Yup. Pretty good place. Highly recommended for those look for authentic cuisine.
This place ALWAYS has such a huge crowd outside of it. My boyfriend lives up the street and we are constantly driving up-and-down the street when we're deciding on what to eat and we always check to see if the crowd in front of this place is actually bearable.Finally, one day, there were only a couple groups outside so we got our chance. We waited for about 1/2 hour. The tables are really close together, so don't expect to have a private conversation or have a place for your purse.The service is very fast -- which is probably to help the line outside move faster. We ordered a couple curries and various rices; and nothing disappointed. It doesn't look like a lot of food when it comes out, but once you get started you begin to realize about half-way through that you'll be taking some of your meal home.For 2 drinks, 1 app, 2 rices, and 2 entrees brought our tab to $75 (tax & 20% tip included). So it is on the pricey end, but I'll probably go back on another occasion ... probably not too soon cuz I gotta go easy on the wallet.
I hate how they don't take reservations and the wait is forever. Most dishes are over-rated. However, I did enjoy the tea salad and the coconut rice. Everything else tasted average and for average, it was overpriced.
Amazing and worth the long wait in line!
It is not often that my palette is challenged to identify new taste and flavor combinations. Burma SuperStar does it well and is perfect f your looking for something different aside from more popular Asian cuisines such as Chinese, Thai, Japanese etc. I cant say enough good things about the staff, service and the Tea Leaf Salad & Rainbow Salad. EAT THEM! The main dishes were good as well and perfect for groups and family style dining. Will definitely be back to try other items off the menu
Mmm...the coconut rice is so rich and creamy here, it's almost like a dessert. And the chicken, curry, potato samusas are a delightful snack. Ventured in here on a Tuesday night and was quite surprised at how busy it was for such a random week night! But, I kind of get it now that I've had the chance to try out their food. Pretty damn delicious, packed with flavor and an eclectic array of earthy, nose tingling spices. A little overpriced for the portion size, but I think for a sit down meal the ambiance would deem the price worthy. I'll be back with a friend but I'm definitely going to call and make a reservation!
I absolutely love this place. Yeah its annoying when its packed and busy you are waiting, but I always order to go and its always on time and definitely delicious.
It's not worth over an hour wait with no reservation. The Thai restaurant across the street tasted awesome, 3.5 stars and tasted just as good if not better for being able to sit down in about 5 minutes. If you got to try this then go on a weekday right before it opens and thank me later for saving you an hour and half with good food that you can perhaps say you've finally tried good burmese food.
If you were coming to SF for a couple of days only I would tell you not to miss this place. It's amazing - simple, yet astonishing. And there is always a long wait but staff is efficient and organized and really nice.You can't miss the tea leaf salad. And, please get the broccoli. I know it looks really simple and like you could make it at home, but just trust me.Also, get the soy iced chai. I hate lines, and I'd wait just for the chai.
This is what I had here:Tea Leaf Salad$8.25salad with imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp or vegetarian, fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanutsOn Nob Kauswer$8.75coconut chicken noodle soup, coconut noodle soup with onion, cilantro and lemonsPork Curry with Potato$10.50pork (boneless) curry with potatoeBurmese Style Curry$10.75beef or lamb, Burma superstar's special curry, choice of beef or muttonNan Pia Dok$8.50flat noodle coconut chicken noodle curry, flour noodles with a chicken coconut curry sauce and cabbageCoconut Rice$1.75aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milkTan Poi$1.75basmatti rice cooked with cinnamon, bay leaves and Burmese spicesEverything is very tasty here. Prepare to tickle your taste buds!
Unfortunately this place didn't live up to my high expectations from all the hype. People just rave about this place saying it's amazing and worth the wait. Well, I went here one night and waited 2 hours. I looked online to see what people recommended - tea leaf salad and fiery chicken and tofu. So once we got in, we ordered those with the coconut rice and the burmese style curry. I thought the tea leaf salad was... interesting. It was different from any salad I've ever had, but it was not what I expected. It was a tiny bit bitter (I think it was supposed to be), but not really that great of a salad in my opinion. The fiery chicken and tofu didn't seem to have enough flavor. I thought it should've been a tiny bit sweet, but it was just salty. Salty and spicy. The curry was the best, but I've had better curry at other places (it was a little bland). Oh, and the coconut rice barely tasted like coconut at all. Was it supposed to just be the shaved coconut on top that made it "coconut rice"? I expected the rice to be cooked with coconut milk or something... To me it tasted just like normal rice +50 cents and the portion of rice was very small.So, I wasn't really impressed with this place. I will say the service was great especially for it being as busy as it was. Our waiter was really nice and informative. But the 2 hour wait and the ok food makes me think this place is way over-hyped.
Yes, both salads, Rainbow and Tea Leaf, are as good as advertised. Honestly, pretty much everything on the menu is very good. Get there within an hour after opening if you want to avoid the long wait.
To me Mandalay is so much better in every way. Sorry.
I'm half Burmese and I LOVE Burma Superstar!It makes me really happy that I can get good, authentic Burmese food so close to where I live in the bay area. The wait for a table, in my opinion, is well worth it. To describe the flavor, it's a mix between Chinese, Thai, and Indian, but the way the flavors blend together makes it like a symphony and the more you eat it, the happier you become. We typically order some of the same dishes every time and some things we experiment on.We always get the tea leaf salad. Always. It's amazing. It's a very unique flavor. I can understand why some people don't like it, but it is definitely worth trying, and I personally love it.It's always a debate for appetizers at our table but we love the vegetarian samusas and the platha and dip.I bring people to Burma Superstar that have never tried Burmese food before and I always suggest getting the Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup. My family makes the same thing and it tastes just the same. Delicious!If you love curry, you will love Burmese curry. Our favorites are the lamb, beef, or pork. Don't really recommend the catfish because of the bones and it's a pain to enjoy because of them.Other good items: Garlic noodles with duck, fiery beef and tofu, dried fried string beans, peashoots, and the salt and pepper calamari. Must get coconut rice!Beverages: They have a really good premium grape juice that comes from Navarro wines in Mendocino. We love the pinot noir variety but haven't had a chance to try the white because we always end up ordering the red. There is absolutely no alcohol in it so it would be fun for kids to try! Definitely worth trying Burma Superstar. We love it and we go back as often as possible!
I can't help but compare this place to Mandalay and I have to say I prefer Mandalay.The tea leaf salad is good, but I feel like the flavor of the tea leaf is masked by the romaine lettuce. I wish there was a little more tea leaf and a little less lettuce. I thought the Burmese style beef curry was just ok. The meat was really tender, but it wasn't anything special.The samosa soup was REALLY GOOD! I love the hot and sour flavor with chunks of samosas. I could have eaten a whole pot of it.There wasn't much of a wait when I went for lunch, but I hear this place can get a little crazy with the wait. If it does, I suggest going over to Mandalay!
I've been here twice and I think about the food constantly and love the atmosphere and service!
Very good food and atmosphere is very hip. Would definitely take tourists and friends when they come in town.
Overrated. The food is good enough to earn 3 stars from me, but it's simply not worth the wait. I hate how they refuse to take reservations as well. Apparently the owners here have something against the concept of efficiency.I digress, back to the food. Set your expectations right and you'll be fine. The best way I can describe it: Burma/Myanmar is apparently home to the best Chinese food on Earth. Call me a culinary simpleton all you want, it's still Chinese with maybe a dash of Thai thrown in..
3-stars, 4-stars, 3-stars, 4-stars...I'll stick with 3...ONLY because #1: We waited for an hour and a half for dinner #2: It really depends on what you order. I've ordered a variety of things here and some have been disappointing. The YUM:Rainbow Salad: I'll take this over the Tea Leaf Salad anyday. DEE-LISH.Tea Leaf Salad: Still good, but I'll go down the street for a better one.Pork Curry with Pumpkin: Who knew pumpkin could taste so good? This dish definitely had amazing flavors coming out of it.  The not so yum:Chicken Dahl: Chicken is still on the bone and makes you suuuuuper thirsty. I think I almost choked on some tiny chicken bones. Eck.Chicken Casserole (Sorry hunny...): Dry and messy if you don't have the right utensils to pull apart your chicken leg.I will say, though, that the service is GREAT, despite their crazy busy-ness...
worth the wait in line, every time!
Love Burma Superstar. Wish I went there more frequently.
Burma SuperStar can do no wrong! Every single item I've ordered has been delicious. This is so worth the wait - you'll thank me later!
As a SF resident for 5+ years I had high expectations for Burma given its "SuperStar" status. Overall I was underwhelmed, but given this restaurant is in the top 10 list of many of my friends, I'd be willing to try it again. Pros: The acclaimed Tea leaf salad was fantastic and the samusa soup was good, but not great. I thought the restaurant staff was very welcoming and provided solid service. Also, Yelp got me a free Thai Ice Tea for checking in :) - Thanks Yelp!Cons: I was not impressed by the Beef Kebat. I thought the meat quality was poor and the dish was very oily. Also, Don't eat here if you're in a hurry.
Well oh hot damn. This place is AS GOOD AS IT GETS. I am no connoisseur of Burmese food but compared to all the other types of cuisine I have had... this restaurant deserves a RAVE review.The highly recommended tea leaf salad is as good as they say.... sooo try it! I also ordered the Fiery Chicken and my mouth was practically crying for more of it when the plate was cleaned off. I am an ultra-super-duper avid fan of this place. It's like they put some kind of addictive drug in their rice because even after i knew I was full I kept eating and eating.It was a hell of a wait (about a good hour) until my party of 4 was able to get a seat on a weekday. Wait was how do you say.... totally worth every single second.Don't hide your children, don't hide your wife/husband/partner/lover/friend/mother/brother, BRING THEM HERE!
Very tasty food for okay prices (I think my bill was high because we had two glasses of wine, but still)Recommendations: chili lamb (not gamey at all, nor does it leave an aftertaste like you just licked a foot), curry flat noodles, samusa soup, tea leaf salad. Parking sucks, especially during dinnertime, and this place isn't too easy to get to via public transportation, so carpool or brave the eclectic crowd on the Muni. The wait is pretty long, but they have a small bench outside and even serves relaxing jasmine tea while you wait.Tip: Utilize the hot sauce on EVERYTHING. Order wine, preferably lots of it. Be happy.
Food is still good (tea leaf salad has lost its wow factor for me though). Price has gone up, and there are definitely better value in the RIchmond (e.g. Sichuan Home).Wait is practically none, and the dining area 80% full, but we were rushed out nonetheless. We spent $20/head (before tip), and maybe that's why :( Looking around, I felt this place is dominated by the "cocktail" crowd.The place has changed since my last visit 9-10 years ago. I should move on to Mandalay, less trendy but equal if not better food.
Liked the menu, the flavor, the price!
I think the food was prepared well, I guess I just do not enjoy Burmese food as much as others.
The food here is really good. Unless you get there early, there is a long line, but it's worth the wait. I would go more if it wasn't so crowded. Burmese food is really interesting when compared to other Asian cuisine. It's a great change.
The samusa soup with an order of rainbow salad is pretty much the most kick-ass and interesting meal I've had since moving to SF about 8 months ago. It's a bit pricey but completely worth it. Split a lunch special with a friend if you're trying to save a few bucks, the portions are huge.
The food was good, unique, different. Not sure it was worth the 2 hour wait. Tea leaf salad- Delicious and a great comboSamosa soup- never thought of samosa in soup, but it was great! like a filled dumpling soup but better. Curries were ok. For being so popular, they should expand!
Memorably delicious I am still missing their rainbow salad. Can't wait to get back there and try more of their menu. The food also came fast, getting in on a busy friday night was easy and the place was packed, great atmosphere delicious food an overall excellent experience! Call about 45 minutes before you arrive and your table will be waiting for you.
Burma SuperStar....What an amazing experience. We came in after checking out the Picasso exhibit at the de Young. It was about 2:45 and we were thrilled to find out they were open until 3:30. Also, really glad we came during off hours because apparently the wait can be outrageous. In fact, Dakota had never actually BEEN because the wait was always too long. Our waitress could not have been sweeter. She recommended a few dishes including the Rainbow Salad and the Samosa Soup. Holy.....Burma Batman. The Rainbow salad was incredible - so many different flavors melting together to form what is now, a mythical food creation that I will inevitably try to recreate at home and fail at miserably. The Samosa Soup was incredible - chunks of samosa in a flavorful broth. Yummmmm.We ordered a shrimp dish with pumpkin and a spicy lamb dish both with coconut rice. Love coconut rice, it adds a nice, nutty flavor to your meal. The lamb was great - really well seasoned and spicy as hell. The shrimp dish was pretty unremarkable in comparison to the rest of the meal. All around, this place was just awesome. A lot of the flavors reminded me of thai food but the preparation and combination was different enough for Burma SuperStar to leave a really huge food memory lodged in my brain. GO! Go at 2:45!! or 3!!
One beautiful, sunny, San Francisco day, my friends were showing me around the city. We eventually got pretty hungry from all the walking and after some deliberation, they decided upon this place. I was not the least bit worried, because my friends have great taste in vegetarian/Asian food spots. The place was packed, but there was not a line, thankfully. We were sat at a giant round table, just the three of us :) We ordered the Vegetarian Samusa Soup, a Tea Leaf Salad, the Superstar Vegetarian Noodle and the Vegetable Curry Deluxe. We shared everything and it was all delicious! It all tasted just really quality. So, not only is the name Burma Superstar awesome, it is totally appropriate. They can definitely boast some kind of superstar status. Wish there was a Burma Superstar in my town.
Always a wait for dinner... and the guy at the host stand is really kind of rude. BUT - I assume it's because it is crowded. On the other hand the people inside (servers) are the NICEST and most attentive even when busy. i love this place. ALSO - if you live in the neighborhood, it's great for take-out!!
I cant get enough of the food. I always bring my friends who fly up here for the weekend.. we always eat way to much
We had ten dishes and all of them were great!! Try their salads!!
Fortunately we arrived at 5 on the dot and were seated promptly (when we left, there was a long line)! Enjoyed their signature Tea Leaf Salad (love the combination of crunchy, salty, spicy) along with the Curry Chicken Noodle Soup, Coconut Rice, Garlic Noodles, Salmon, and Pork/Potato Curry (there could have been a little more potato). All the dishes have unique and often surprising flavors ... a delight for the taste buds!
it was ok
Many people told me that this place was amazing, so I finally I got a chance to try it. I totally agree! Everything we had was super good. We ordered the Pumpkin Shrimp- good flavor, plump pieces of shrimp, esp. tasty over our order of coconut rice. We also ordered the Pea Sprouts- yes such a good addition! Prior to those dishes, we ordered the veggie samosas, and the rainbow salad. The rainbow salad was very flavorful, and the sauce for the samosas was especially good- tangy and spicy. Btw, my sangria was delicious too because it was packed with lychees!!! Um yes please! The service is especially good, because we put our name down on the list and when our table was ready they called our cell to let us know. Most places I've been to make you wait around, so that was an extra perk!
Hey, guess what?I'm gonna say it....I'm gonna say it....DAMMIT, I'm gonna say it. It's not that good.*gasp* - Whatever do you mean?IT'S NOT VERY GOOD.It has nothing to do with popularity. the 2000+ other reviews have no bearing on my feelings. I've been going here for 8-ish years and have gone from "OMG MUST EAT HERE DAILY" to "OMG why did I go here?"Coconut rice: you can make this at home with nearly no effort.Lunch menu: sad. Almost nothing, almost no discount.Prices: hella inflated.Food: 100% meh. I can't eat a lot of stuff here because of celiac disease + peanut allergy, so I understand my choices are limited. But my gluttonous, obese, chowhound brother came here with me, and even HE couldn't find anything he found particularly tasty. If you go to a restaurant with a self-proclaimed non-picky eater and big proud fatty, and HE doesn't like the food, it's just not very good. Frankly, I was kind of embarrassed to take him here.Goodbye, Burma SuperStar. We had some fine meals together, circa 2002-2005. But those days are gone. You are now like an ex about whom I have a few fond stories, but overall, I'm happy I kicked you to the curb.
My first foray into Burmese food...I LOVED it. Arrived here around 5pm Saturday, and my party of 3 was told that it would be a 30-45 minute wait. The neighborhood has a lot of nifty litlte stores to peruse though, so we didn't mind and walked up and down the street exploring. They took our phone number, which I appreciated because that meant we were free to wander as we pleased, and still be notified when our table was ready.The decor is nice, definitely better than your typical Asian restaurant. We were seated near the kitchen and I couldn't help noticing that they seemed to have a relatively nice stock of wine. Service was also good, although a complaint would have to be that our "ice" water was rather room temperature. Our waters were filled and refilled from a common pitcher that one of the waiters walked around with, and it had minimal ice. My newly delivered glass had maybe a paltry 3 cubes in it at best, and those quickly melted.We ordered the tea leaf salad, garlic eggplant, garlic noodles, and mint chicken. Everything was yummy, but my favorites would be the salad and the eggplant. The salad was brought to our table and very thoroughly dressed and tossed right there - a very nice, personal touch, I thought. It came with lettuce, tomatoes, dried shrimp, and peanuts for added texture. My friend, who is Burmese, said it was good but not authentic, and that a real Burmese tea leaf salad would not have had lettuce or tomato. This was remark that he continued to echo through the dinner service - that the food was good, but not particularly authentic. I was basically scraping my plate because it was so good , and I would have loved to just sit there and eat buckets of that salad.Eggplant was super flavorful and filling. I didn't even need a protein dish after that, and when the chicken arrived, I tried it but quickly returned to the eggplant. I need to find a recipe for this, STAT. The chicken was served minced, and for some reason I found it to be a little grainy, but I'm not sure why. The total for our 4 dishes came out to be $48 before tip.
NIce food, but I'm not sure if this is the best place I ever ate at.... the ginger lemonade is good.
The place is worth the hype - the salads are amazing. All the food is amazing, but get the salads (yes I am a guy telling you to get a salads)!
not that this place needs another great review, but here it goesi had never had burmese cuisine before and i have been missing outthe food was amazingi have definitely called on a friday and saturday to see about the wait and it was over 2 hours, so we decided to come on a thursday night for an early dinner and we walked right in.i had the pumpkin pork stew and it was great! i was told that the "pumpkin" was more of an oriental squash and it was delicious with the perfect sweet undertones. my boyfriend got the chili lamb and it was by far one of the best things I have eaten EVER. GET IT NOW.i know that i am alone on this one, but i could live without the tea leaf salad for $12, but thats just me
Get here early or in a smaller group. The Tea Leaf Salad is probably the best salad I've ever ate. In fact, after our visit here I kept talking about it and was craving another serving. I'm still trying to fit it in our schedule to come back for a visit just so I can order this salad. We also ordered the Mango Chicken with the Coconut Rice. Good but I could've had just the salad by myself (hubby and I shared) and would have been perfectly fine. I also checked in on FB/Yelp and got a free Thai Iced tea. No refills though. Booooooo.
Perhaps it was because we had to wait outside for 20 minutes in the cold looking through the glass windows at the delicious food, but when we finally got to eat it ourselves it did not disappoint! Bravo for the free Thai iced tea for checking in---BUT isn't it weird that they serve THAI iced tea at a BURMESE restaurant when those countries are not the best of friends?Tea leaf salad--A MUSTChili lamb--spicy! Nan Gyi Dok--coconut noodles with chicken--my favorite!Coconut rice--I don't see this offered as an option usually so definitely go for it!
I wish I had discovered Burmese food earlier & that there was a branch in the south bay. I have eaten here once & had take out from the Alameda location once. I absolutely loved the Tan Poi rice. "Basmatti rice cooked with cardamom, cinnamon, raisins, and topped with fried onions" OMG, it was heaven in my mouth. Actually the main reason I went back the second time was because I cant forget this rice and have major cravings for it. Also very yummy items were Tea Leaf Salad, Rainbow Salad, pumpkin soup, etc. I think I would only order from the Burmese menu for the special experience.
I came for lunch right when they opened. I probably got the wrong thing, The Mongolian Chicken lunch special. It was OK, but I didn't find it to be anything that special. The staff was nice and setting inside was classy. I'll try again for possible upgrade but for this dish, at least, only average in my book.
Best Curry chicken i have ever had in my life! service was great and although it was a long wait to be seated it was worth it! now if they can bring a Burma superstar to the east coast that would be even better!
I travel all over the world and eat amazing food in incredible countries.Burma SuperStar is the best there is.Enough said.(Oh, also, Veggie Samusas, Tea Leaf Salad, Catfish Curry, Chicken Dahl, Walnut Prawn, Mango Chicken, Spicy Crispy Chicken, Lemongrass Salmon, and everything else on the menu)
I like to give places a second try. The first time I tried this place, I was not impressed at all. I had some kind of lamb curry and though it was good, it was not an hour-long-wait-good. When the wait is an hour long, you expect to be blown away. With a little happy ending. I decided to give this place another shot, considering that the wait has not gotten any better the last couple years. My friend and I ordered the following:Tea Leaf Salad: The tea flavor is very blatant and the ingredients are definitely very interesting. But this salad made me realize that I like my salads with a tangier dressing. Like a mango vinaigrette.Spicy and Crispy Chicken: Tasted just like Orange Chicken but in bigger chunks. So not worth it.Fiery Beef with Tofu: A sweeter version of Kung Pao beef. Off to Panda Express I go.Coconut Rice: GOOOOAAALLL!!! This was the best thing on the table. Granted, the waitress did warn us that the dishes we chose were Chinese dishes. But couldn't they be a little more creative? I will have to come back though to try their Burmese dishes but lesson of the day - it don't mean jack when a restaurant's been featured on Food Network or has an hour long wait.
Everyone is very helpful and courtious.
Burma I heart thee. My favorite is the tea leaf salad and my husband loves the salt and pepper calamari (we've tried the non breaded wok version which is also tasty but more like a salad). Most of the entrees are really flavorful, as my husband describes, " it's like a party in your mouth." but pairs really well with coconut rice. This is one of my favorite restaurants to take visitors from out of town. You can take muni bus 44 to this location or find street parking around the neighborhood. My trick to get a table without the long wait is to call and ask to place your name on the waiting list. They'll take your number and call you when your table is ready. If you don't call, expect a 45 min to 1 hr wait for a table.
First off, let me say that I've been very quiet on the reviews front. But last night's date night dinner was so damned tasty (even with the bar set so incredibly high) that I really had to write something up.We arrived fairly early (7:30p) for dinner and were told that we'd only have a 10-15 minute wait. We put our names in and our mobile numbers and sure enough, 10 minutes later, we were called and seated - walking past the start of the dinner crowd.Platha and DipRainbow SaladChicken MintLamb CurryCoconut RiceGarlic Noodles Our server was gracious and made some recommendations once she found out that we were first timers. Water glasses and drinks were served promptly and food just kept coming dish and dish. Sadly, it didn't even dawn on me to take pictures 'til the dinner was over. And unlike some of the other diners who decided to hang out after their meals were over, we decided to skeedaddle and get at least 2 people out of the evening drizzle. (On a side note: how awesome is the outside bench, free hot tea and OVERHEAD HEAT LAMPS?)Okay, so basically all is very good in the land of Happy Belleh. HINTS:1. Go early - parking on/around Clement St is a pain so you'll end up driving round and round for a space.2. Parties of 2 seemed to have a better chance of getting seated right away so larger parties should be prepared for a longer wait.3. Order anything and if you're feeling adventurous, ask your neighbors or the server for recc's.
Always a long wait to get in for dinner, but if you are patient or get lucky, it is yummy and fun.
I am totally addicted to tea leaf salad now. It is Burma SuperStar's fault.I had never experienced Burmese food before going here and it immediately became one of my favorites. Perhaps it was the tantalizing mix of sweet, savory, and spicy, its own style but infused with attributes of Indian and Thai cuisines. This is the place to try it, for sure.
Burmese Food? I honestly had no idea what to expect, but am I glad I tried it! With this many reviews, it's a no brainer that it's obviously delicious. I'd say it lived up to the hype. The BF and I ordered: 1) The Samusa soup (which I kept thinking was called Samosa Soup...) was hearty, full of flavor and perfect for a cold day. I couldn't trigger what spices were in the soup, but it's a must try! 2) I'm not going to lie. I skimmed yelp before coming here to see what dishes to get and pick the Tea Leaf Salad because of it. It had the perfect amount of crunch from the different kind of nuts and dried shrimp.  The tea leaves added didn't over power the salad like I though it would. Refreshing Another one I'd recommend! 3) We also ordered the Mint Chicken (I love mint!). This may be me just being a whimp, but I thought it was spicy. Not the "in your face, I'm going to puke" habanero spicy, but that gradual spiciness you get after eating the same thing for a while.  What I loved most about this dish was that there were whole garlic cloves in this dish, but don't be scared! It's not strong at all. The only suggestion I'd say is to not get the famed coconut rice with this dish.  Since the chicken is savory, I would have preferred something not as rich, maybe Jasmine or something. We went during lunch time around 2PM so there wasn't a wait, but it was still a full house. If you're looking to try something new or are getting tired of the routine, check this place out!
The tea leaf salad is probably one of the most interesting dishes I've ever tried: 20 some-odd ingredients that, prima facie, don't sound like they'd necessarily go well together. But when they mix the ingredients together at your table, out comes a pleasant mix of flavors you never would have imagined!In fact, all the dishes we ordered here were like that. Nice atmosphere. Good crowd. Unique food. Go there.Tip: This place gets busy, but they'll take your name and phone number down and call you when your table's ready. While you're waiting, hit up the Turkish place down the block for some great wine and apps!
Prepare for a wait line right when they open at 5p. The restaurant is small and the food is worth the wait. The Rainbow Salad, with 22 ingredients gets a lot of the hype (and don't get me wrong, it's delicious and the mix it up in front of you). However, the lesser known tea leaf salad is equally delicious. The pumpkin curry is my favorite hot dish. And I can't explain it but the coconut rice is the most delicious white, steamed rice I've ever had. It tastes like it sat in a fresh coconut marinating for a week. If you don't want to wait, head to B Star down the street for the same caliber of Burmese food.
Great food and service with a smile
Perhaps this review would have been different had I had to wait (got there at 11:30 on Sunday as it opened), but I was so pleasantly surprised to find that the food here lives up to the hype. I know it seems that service and popularity of a restaurant are often inversely correlated, but the service here was so down to earth and friendly. Our waitress took care of figuring out the portions for us, so we didn't have to worry about ordering too much or too little. Highlights:- Mint chicken- so flavorful and spicy; some of the best chicken I've had- Of course the green tea salad and samusa soup- both amazing, though the salad was a particular favorite (loved the fried garlic chips!)- Fried okra and tofu- the okra was delicious- Free thai iced tea due to check in; yes!Also tried the vegetable curry specialty dish (really spicy!), rainbow salad (not as good as green tea but made w/ quality ingredients), ginger chocolate cake and jackfruit spring roles. The desserts were fine but I probably wouldn't order again. Can't wait to return!
Flavors are amazing and staff is great. Busy, but worth the wait. Coconut shrimp!!!
The service is good and no wait but this place is too over hyped!The only thing i would order again is the Tea Leaf Salad, Burmese Chicken Samusas, and the Platha and Dip all these dishes are soo yummy but the beef curry was nasty it tasted like beef jerky to me that's how bad it was and it was super over price at 13 dollars..the Nan Gyi Dok wasn't that good either -_- so i guess over all i give this place a 2 star. MOSTLY EVERYTHING IS REALLY OVERPRICE BUT PLUS SIDE GREAT SERVICE.
I rave about Burma Superstar all the time. I suggest it to moms, aunties, cousins, friends, guys, girls...you get it. But yeah, it's THAT memorable and THAT good. Things you should know: it is a small place, hence, the wait can be pretty long. BUT - if you check in, they'll call you when your table is ready (plus point for having tea available outside. what a nice gesture while you're waiting in cold SF)Tip: don't go when you're really really hungry. You might die of waiting. Or you can just hope the people before you give up. But to be honest, it'll be worth the wait. If you're doing family style, I would say sharing between 4 is cutting it close. They don't have huge portions, so keep that in mind! And yeah, it kinda sucks that it's both pricey and you don't get hella food. See, I would minus one star for it, but the food was just soooo good...I HAVE to give 5 stars.What should you order? TEA LEAF SALAD - Crunchy, tasty, refreshing, yummmmmmmy! And the way the guy serves it is pretty fun. PLATHA & DIP - If you love curry and bread, this combination will make you really really happy. PUMPKIN SHRIMP - I would order this every time I visit. Mixed with squash...your tastebuds will rejoice!NAN GYI DOK - So flavorful! The egg with the noodles and the curry sauce, yeah I'd also get this again for sure....and for carbs, it's pretty light!We also ordered the Chicken Dahl and Pork Curry with Potatoes. Both of which are good too (again, so much flavor!). But not as much as a stand out as the others above. Eat these with the coconut rice (which is in itself, yummy). Hesitant in trying Burmese food? DON'T BE. You're missing out!!!!
The wait is worth the food you're going to get to gorge. This place is pretty much as burmese as it can get. I particularly enjoyed the samusa salad, the samusa soup and the coconut rice was delectable! Do try this place out at least once when you're out and about in San Francisco!
4.5 Stars"If you are what you say you are...A superstar..."If you haven't tried Burmese food before I highly suggest giving Burma SuperStar a try. If I were to describe Burmese food it would be a mix between Indian, Thai, and Chinese cuisines. I guess this makes sense considering Burma's location. The dishes here will tantalize your test buds with a blend of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors.TIP: call in ahead of time to put your name on the list. The wait times can be quite long ranging from 30 minutes to an hour even on a weeknight. Good thing I called in so I managed to get our group a table pretty fast the night that I went .We decided to share our food family style to sample all the goodness Burma SuperStar had to offer.Tea Leaf Salad*Great mix of salad greens, Burmese tea leaves, and different seeds for texture.*Prepared and mixed table side.*The tangy taste and crunchy texture makes it unique and delicious.*This appetizer is highly RECOMMENDED.Burmese Samusas*Burmese raviolis hand wrapped and filled with curry spices, potatoes, deep fried, and served with our house special sauce *Offered in Chicken or Vegetarian. We ordered it with Chicken.*5 pieces.*These are suuuuuuuuper good. I love the thin crispy wrapper and the spiced filling was smooth and flavorful.*The special sauce adds a tangy flavor with a tiny spicy kick.Chili Lamb*Stir fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onion and basil, comes medium spicy, or spicier.*Our group ordered it spicier and it definitely packed a PUNCH. This tasted especially good with the coconut rice.*The lamb pieces were really tender and I couldn't taste the gaminess of the meat.*This was my favorite dish of the night.Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice*Braised chicken leg on the bone and shrimp buried in a claypot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts*You can't go wrong with ordering this dish.*Great, flavorful rice mixed in with added textures from the nuts and raisins.*The chicken was slow cooked and is very tender.Burmese Style Curry w/ Catfish*Burma SuperStar's specialty curry made with tomatoes. Medium spicy.*The tomato based curry is definitely different from your typical Thai or Indian curry. It almost had the texture of a watery sauce, but it was still very well seasoned.I had an another amazing dinner at Burma SuperStar and I hope you will too! I'm sure the 2000+ reviews don't lie and that is why it's...== A MUST TRY! ==
The Tea Leaf Salad is out of this world, best of all the Burmese places I've tried. Also had the Nan pia dok, the sauce was really rich and flavorful with really nice texture from the toppings (but the chicken was a little eh). The chili lamb smelled out of this world. Everthing was really tasty and service was super fast and friendly. (we didn't even have to wait for a table on a saturday!)
3.5 Star.Although a tad slow (we waited over 15 minutes for someone to take our order), the staff is friendly and knowledgable, even taking the time to check if we were having a good lunch. You probably won't find a more friendly staff at any other Asian restaurants. The Tea Leaf Salad is as good as they say. Green tea leaves imported from Burma with fried garlic, peanuts, sesame seeds, and dried small shrimps are all mixed in with lettuce and tomato. All of the flavors of the ingredients are enhanced by the crunch of the fried garlic and peanuts. The Vegetarian Samousa Soup is pungent and rich in spices. It tastes exceptionally good the first few spoonfuls with strong Indian flavors but fell apart as the soup cooled. I couldn't identify more than half of the ingredients but could definitely see he samousa floating in the soup. Other dinner entrees I have tried were not as noteworthy and wouldn't have me begging to come back, especially not with the long wait.
It's been awhile since I've been to Burma and only because the lines are always painfully long. The food here, as all the other Yelpers have commented, is excellent. It's gotten its share of publicity and attention from the media as well. I would say if you are craving Burmese and don't want to wait in line, check out Mandalay in Inner Richmond, it's just as good.
In terms of food and service, what is not to love about this place? The food here is an exciting adventure and in every dish we had, there was something unexpected in it that made it taste amazing. We ordered a salad, I can't remember what it was called, but the description mentions it is "a party in your mouth". It was refreshing and different, but rich with quality ingredients. I honestly can't remember what I ordered, but the superstore of our visit was my friend's beef dish. It was AMAZING. It was savory and had something in it that gave a crunch to each bite. All three of us were blown away by this dish. Unfortunately I can't remember what it is called either..you must forgive me since it was a while since I was there. I can't wait to be in the area again to eat here. The service was exceptional. They were super busy and were still on top of everything (making sure our waters were filled at all times). Even despite the small spaces, they welcomed my guide dog in training pup into the restaurant - no questions asked. LOVE IT. The only con is that since it is incredibly popular, there is typically a long wait for seating. I recommend wandering around Clement to kill sometime. Check out the pet store down the street, you'll find quite the odd selection of creatures.
Great food. Tofu kebat, rainbow salad, coconut rice, Burma superstar beef curry, chicken curry noodle, all were just delicious.
This place is awesome.No reservations -- but that's really no problem. There's tons to do in the area; my favorite being walking around Green Apple Books. We waited about an hour and a half for a table, but it was totally worth it. We ordered the Thai Iced Tea (free with a check-in on Yelp!) and began our journey with the Tea Leaf Salad. The tea leaves on this salad were flown in from Burma and the salad was simple but delicious. They chop everything up and toss it for you.Next we had the Chicken Curry and the Chili Lamb. Now, they say that the Chili Lamb is the hottest dish on the menu, but it's certainly not TOO hot. It's perfect. Order both with the Jasmine Rice and you're good to go.We drank both the Sangria and the Ginger Beer -- the Sangria was a little too sweet, but the Ginger Beer was awesome! Will definitely be back.
As a fan of Chinese, Malaysian and Thai food I definitely knew that I would get a great meal at Burma Superstar. There's definitely a crowd but grab a cup of Jasmine tea as it's well worth the wait.Infusing flavors of all the surrounding countries, Burma Superstar takes the best of all worlds and makes it their own. For starters all their salads are tasty, filled with unique toppings and flavors. Highly recommend trying out one of their salads for a nice appetizer.For mains, we chose an assortment of chicken, shrimp and meat dishes. I can't exactly remember what exactly was in each of the dishes, but all I can remember is every dish was as delectable and tasty as the other with just the right blend of spices and flare.Accompany it with a Thai Iced Tea or a Ginger Lemonade and you'll be eating like a superstar! Perhaps that's why they call it Burma Superstar.
This is an amazing Burmese food resturant. highly recommend it!
Hmmm 2nd time here! First time I waited for an hour. Second time - scored - only 15 minutes! :)My fav, tea leaf salad and coconut rice!Today, I had the rainbow salad, which reminds me of Vietnamese dish - Vermicelli Noodles. I also had the Samusa Soup, definitely not my taste.I only come for the tea leaf salad. :)
The food here is excellent. I recommend the Curry Beef and definitely the Tea Salad. The wait service is fast and they are super friendly. The long wait is absolutely worth it. Grab a snack at one of the cafes just storefronts down if you have to.
If I had to make a top5 list of my favorite restaurant in the city, Burma Superstar will be in for sure! Maybe even on top position!My choices there are the tea leaf salad and the spicy lamb! I'd like to try other stuff, but each time I go there, I end up with these 2 plates in front of me! :)Very crowded place though... so you have to be patient...
We got here for a 1:00 p.m. lunch and were seated right away. I had been to Burma Superstar previously, but this 2nd visit confirmed my 5 star rating. We started off with the Platha and Dip appetizer. It was soooo good! Potato patties with a creamy orange sauce and a little chicken. I could have eaten four of them and called it good, but we figured we should order some real meals. We had the vegetarian Rainbow Salad which is excellent. It's got 22 ingredients; I can't name them all but I can tell you that this salad unconventional with ingredients you would never imagine putting together. It's very fresh and crisp, a great starter. We also shared the amazing Nan Gyi Dok. A great orange sauce over noodles with a perfect medley of crispy onions, chicken, cilantro, and hard boiled eggs mixed in. The waiter even does the mixing for you. Burma Superstar is so worthwhile.
Locale: Parking is hard to find, especially on weekends.Wait:30min-hr (i usually put my name down and walk around for a bit)Space:Quite small but intimate.Portions:SmallService:AverageFood:Above AverageI wouldn't say that BSS is authentic Burmese food, but what they have to offer is a good alternative. I like to start off with the vegetarian Samusas, the Tea Leaf salad and/or Rainbow salad are some of their better dishes. I would also recommend the Spicy chicken w/Basil, and Nan Pia Dok.BSS is great for smaller intimate dinner parties or even business dinners. I always enjoy my meal here.
The rainbow salad and coconut rice are awesome. The service is good. Only downside is there can be a long wait.
PLACE NEVER GETS OLD!Kenneth rules - always try to go when he's there! I've gone outside of my regular order a few times and I can say, have not been disappointed...at all. The rumors are true, it's awesome and delicious.
Yeah not sure what the hype is all about. Was here a few months ago. Whatever I ate can't even recall but I do remember not being very impressed. =/
Terrible service. Came in with two of my friends from Germany. Had been here three years back. Thought it would be nice to revisit this place with them and enjoy its food. However, the three of us were seated at this really tiny table and us being squashed near the entrance. Told the waitress whether we can have the table behind us, and she said, "Well, we have to put your name back on the list and you have to wait outside." the waitress was surly, to say the least (with a fake smile).  What a joke...that means we have to wait for another god knows how long.The food was blah. Had better food elsewhere. This place used to be great, but this past visit was subpar in all measures. And almost $3 for a plate of rice that would not even serve one person?!?! Would never go back.
I have finally tried Burmese food. Sort of. My Lady and I celebrated her godfather's birthday here on a Monday evening. By arriving at 5:20 pm, we avoided the crowds; there were tables open as late as 6:00 pm. We didn't see anyone in line when we left around 6:20 pm.  Seated elbow-to-elbow with other diners, we were able to examine the dishes as they were described on the menu, and as they appeared on the table. The menu descriptions were very accurate. We started with a sangria for her and a julep for me. The twist on these beverages was that they featured lychee, and the julep turned out to be very syrupy. Since this was our first Burmese experience, we took the waitress' suggestion and had the Tea Leaf Salad. It was a rich mix of flavors, including toasted garlic chips and fermented tea. Adapted for American tastes, it also included romaine and tomatoes. Next up were our pair of entrees: the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole, and the Bun Tay Kauswer. The casserole was a chicken leg hidden in a deep pile of short grain rice, with curry and coconut, garlic and cardamon, and other unknown delicious ingredients. It was mouth-watering, and even when we were full we continued eating it. The Bun Tay Kauswer, which wasn't what we had ordered, was a wheat noodle dish, with curry sauce and sliced boiled eggs. This was also delicious, and we finished it first. Paying no attention to our full stomachs, we boldly forged on with dessert, ordering deep-fried bananas with coconut ice cream, and oolong tea. This entire exotic feast cost us $63.75 + tip. Diners around us agreed that the food was filling, and I weighed in 3 pounds heavier the next morning. That's just a little something to keep in mind if you like to plan ahead.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE (LOVE, LOVE, LOOOOOOOOOOOVE) BURMA SUPERSTAR!!! When I lived in the Outer Richmond, I would order food from Burma Superstar AT LEAST once a week. The place gets VERY crowded for lunch AND dinner! So be prepared to wait (it can sometimes be upwards of 90 mins). They will take your cell phone number and call you when your table is ready, which is awesome. So, instead of waiting around twiddling your thumbs, can you walk around the Inner Richmond, grab a beer at The Bitter End or Rockit Room, or sip on tea at Blue Danube.The space is tiny, but they utilize every inch of space that place has. Tables are packed in tightly, chairs are often brought in to give everyone in your party a spot at the table. Some might find it annoying, but I actually don't mind it - I get to see what everyone around me is eating! =)While I have tried almost everything on their menu, I rarely steer away from my favorites, nowadays: - Rainbow Salad: 21 different ingredients come together to form a party in your mouth!- Spicy & Crispy Chicken: the sauce has this hint of sweetness that brings out the mild spiciness of the chicken (don't let the name fool you - it's not incredibly spicy)- Burmese-Style Curry with Shrimp: the flavor is second to none. I often daydream about it =)Now that I live in Seattle, I make sure to stop by Burma Superstar every time I'm back home. If I could, I would fly the chef up to Seattle to cook for me once a month! Did I mention I LOVE Burma Superstar?!
I've been to this place exactly three times now, all with the same results-it's just kind of ok. It's slightly disappointing given all the raving reviews, not to mention the wait you have to endure to get a seat here! The tea leaf salad is the reason I go back-it is ridiculously delicious and it's fun watching your server mix that goodness up! The rest of dishes I've ordered have felt like they're missing something...spices? salt? Can't put my finger on it! I've tried reading the other reviews and ordering dishes that come recommended too!Last time i went we were overcharged $20 but I understand that happens ad people make mistakes. The staff is generally really friendly, and the service is good enough. I just never leave Burma superstar feeling like i had the best meal of the week-and i will probably find myself spending more time in other restaurants on Clement.If you find yourself walking by and the place is empty, try the tea leaf salad-really good stuff!
Tea salad and riblets is so AWESOME. Also a long line so get there early. Food is worth the wait. Parking is tough . Curry is the bomb .
Not sure why...but I don't find the food as spectacular as everyone else. In fact I thought it was what I ordered so I came back again....still not that impressed. I even did my research on what to order. It might just not be my kind of food....too salty and oily for me.
Everything that needs to be said about this establishment has already been said about it. This place is the best restaurant in the city. I go here twice a month, at least. Every time I have friends in town I take them here. I think my review will best be served by dispensing the following advice:1. Call the restaurant 60-90 minutes before you want to eat. Head on over to the Inner RIchmond at your convenience and you'll probably get a call notifying you that your table is ready somewhere along the way. Show up and bypass the 20 people waiting for a table outside and claim your table.2. Order: the tea leaf and rainbow salads, salt and pepper chicken, coconut flat noodles, chili lamb, the samusa appetizers, walnut shrimp, pumpkin pork, and lots of burma coolers. That is all.
was disappointed...we had to wait 2 hours! ive done that before, but this time unfortunately, it wasn't worth it. the food was okay, the curries were a bit bland. wish it was a bit spicier. to be honest, it was my first time having burmese food. but im sure there is better out there, definitely without a 2 hour wait either.i would stay clear of this place, unless the wait is decent 30 min.
When I first heard about BSS I was so excited and happy...it was the first burmese restaurant I have been to. Beside my mom's ever translucent kitchen, my taste buds have never tasted Burmese food besides home made dishes. I don't think I have been more excited for any food. When I got there I realized how small it was. It was similar in size to most ramen shops. There were enough to fit maybe 50 people if their BMI was within limits. I had made reservations to be safe, but found a huge line going out the door. 3 hours later I had scaled the entirety of clement before we were seated (no joke!). I wanted to try out my burmese out to order, but what I got was "eh, no se !". I told myself oh ok maybe he was just a ktichen aide, let me talk to the chef. After 20 minutes I realized no one spoke Burmese at Burma Superstar. I sat down disappointed , hungry, and tried from waiting so long and looked at the menu.I had no idea what any of the stuff was because they did not have the typical ethnic name just a description. I.E mango chicken...there's a ton of different mango chicken dishes..how do I know this is what I want?! That's like going to mcdonalds and having a menu that read.Beef BurgerChicken BurgerFish BurgerPotato FriesI picked the beef and shrimp dish (literally that's close to what is was called"Can this place get any less authentic?I ate this it was ok, did not taste as good as any burmese food I had in the past ...not even close. But if I pretended this was not a burmese place it wasn't so bad.The beef was a little dry and oily as well as the shrimp. But still edible. The food took a long time to get there and this place wasn't cheap at all.If people want good burmese food than I say come to my house.But if you want a Burmese-American fusion than I say come here.Overall it was an interesting experience...I just wished I didn't have to wait so long to eat .
Ok, the food here is pretty good. But I've honestly had a couple dishes here I didn't care for, and I am not at all picky. In a word, though: OVER-RATED!!!Why is there constantly a huge line??? It's good, but not THAT good. I gave up trying to sit down and eat here and started ordering to go. Yes, that solved the wait problem, but it's still a pain in the ass. There's no room at all to stand and wait for your food without being in, like, 8 people's way. And the waitresses aren't very friendly. My favorite Burmese restaurant, Mandalay, is a street over. It's just as good, if not better, but without the crowds. Hopefully I don't regret revealing this....Superstar Shmooperstar!
tea salad!!!!
I enjoy this place - good food, nice atmosphere, good service. The only thing is I don't know what actual Burmese food tastes like, but I definitely they don't charge Burmese prices. Oh well. It's a fun place to have dinner and try a variety of new things. Both Rainbow Salad and Tea Leaf Salad were delicious. Pumpkin Shrimp, Burma Style Curry (braised lamb with potatoes), Nan Gyi Dok (coconut rice noodle dish) were all very good. Probably won't try the typical Chinese dishes, like Walnut Shrimp or Sesame Beef.
Called-in for a group of 5 and the wait was for 2 hours. eeek! They have a good system though, where you call them with your party size and they tell you when to come-in. We arrived around 8:00 and they said that our table will be ready in about 5 minutes - which was perfect because we didn't want to stand outside in a cold SF summer. If you tell them that you you're checking-in at Yelp, each person gets free Thai iced tea! yay!We had a few dishes:Coconut rice - everybody loved. Mint chicken - everyone's favorite dish. Tea salad - good, but we agreed that it needed more tea leaves. It also had different textures that made it really good (sunflower seeds?)Samusa soup - broth was flavorful, but didn't have enough samusa. Nan Gyi Dok - curry noodle dish. some sort of beef in tomato sauce dish - OK, we thought it tasted generic.Overall, we liked Burma Superstar. The food was good and affordable and the service was outstanding. However, we left thinking that we weren't blown away by the food - but maybe it's because our expectations were too high from the yelp reviews.
I've been to this place a lot of times. Each time has failed to disappoint me. Okay, I take that back. The stewed pork or something was kind of disappointing when I got it one time. It basically reminded me of a Chinese dish that I can get anywhere for about $1. Aside from that one downer, everything else here is awesome. I love the Tea-Leaf Salad. I just wish they didn't ALWAYS have to make it for you, it just makes the table awkward and nobody really says anything. I understand they do it for individuals who has never had it, but can't they just be like other places and do it in the kitchen? I like the fiery chicken here, its something I always get. But I always try to try something different when I'm here with my friends, and so far everything tastes good, except for the stewed pork thing.The one drawback to this place is that the wait is extremely long. People complain about 30-45minutes, this place can have you waiting for 1-2 hours sometimes. Is it worth it? YES! But, have a snack before you come here. They always try to send people to their sister restaurant down the block, but it doesn't really taste the same and they don't have the same menu so I always just sit and wait instead.
Long waiting times !!! Place not meant for groups to dine together . Food not worth the wait we had for 2 hours with party of 6. Service was quick . Not a place where u can eat quick in and out .
Love it! This is the perfect spot for lunch. We came on Sunday at noon and only waited 5 minutes. Parking is horrific and its crowded out front, but oh so worth the wait. They make best sesame beef and coconut rice around. I can attest it's just as good the next day! I also love the whole coconut you can get to drink. So fresh and worth the $4.50. I also loved the noodles with coconut chicken broth we ordered. Service was great even when they were busy. Overall, a delicious spot!
very yummy! good service!
Wonderful food, service and drinks!
Honestly, the huge crowd that consistently packs the street outside of the front door should be hint enough -- this place rocks! They don't take reservations, so plan to either call ahead or kill some time in the immediate area. I recommend the latter as there are a handful of great bars lining that part of Clement, and -- for the more intellectual among us -- the best used-bookstore on the planet (Green Apple Books) is right down the street. I've been here three times since my stint in San Francisco began, and the shortest wait time for a table I ever had was 45 minutes. I cannot stress this enough: PLAN AHEAD! However, despite the ridiculously long wait times, I still recommend this place -- and that says a lot.I'm a complete stranger to Burmese food, so I can't tell you how traditional this place may, or may not be. That being said, if this is any indication of how Burmese food should taste, then please sign me up for more. The flavors they bring out in their various dishes make my taste buds weak in the knees.On my most recent outing to Burma Superstar, my girlfriend and I decided to start with the Tea Leaf Salad (mainly due to the asterisk on the menu alerting us to it's appearance on the Food Network). Unaware of what to expect, we were pleasantly surprised when the server brought us our salad and quickly broke down all the ingredients before tossing it all together infront of us. A+ for presentation. A+ for taste. I could have had several orders of that salad and called it a night. However, having been there before, I knew that we had to have the Chili Lamb (their spiciest dish and my all time favorite). Unsure of what to order next, our server quickly chose a curry noodle dish for us, which surprise-surprise, was also delicious.While we waited we sipped on a Thai Tea, a Burma Cooler (Burmese ginger beer), and a white wine Sangria (with asian pears and oranges). I could have stuck with just the Burma Cooler, so refreshing -- I had to control my desire to rip the glass out of my girlfriend's hand and keep the delicious golden nectar all to myself. I'm kind of a sucker for ginger beer...All-in-all, Burma Superstar was amazing once again. I implore you to go and check it out. You won't regret it.TL;DR -- Long lines, but worth the wait. Great location, mouth-watering food, spectacular service, and beautiful presentation. A fuckin' plus.Highlights: Tea Leaf Salad, Chili Lamb, and -- ahem -- GINGER BEER!!!!!
Had the opportunity to come back with a friend of mine who has heard a lot about Burma Superstar on yelp and wanted to see what all the hype was all about.Arrived at about 4:45PM on a saturday evening just before opening and just what you would expect to find outside, a line of hungry patrons eagerly waiting to snatch the first open table. We wait patiently and hope that we make the first cut-off of people to be seated, which we were. For starters, chicken samosas!! just fuckin awesome. i could probably eat 20 of these and still want more. Then for the main course i went with the Fiery Chicken with Tofu (Stir fried chicken breast with tofu, string beans, red bell peppers, and basil in a five spice sweet heat sauce), Burmese Style Catfish Curry, and my 2nd fave the COCONUT RICE!again, ive been overly satisfied by Burma Superstar. and i still want to come back for more!
woohoo, I'm review #1369!Rainbow salad and samusa soup are must do's and I love the burma cooler as well. Never ordered anything here that I didn't LOVE. We bring our out of town guests here, prepare them for the wait and watch them devour their food and gush with thanks. Burma Superstar is a winner everytime.
I've been wanting to go to Burma SuperStar for almost a year now but FINALLY got to dine there a week ago. Fantastic service, food is amazingly delicious...It is super small and expect to wait for a table ~ it'd be worth your wait!
Gosh. I've been meaning to go here for SO long. What can I contribute to all these great reviews that someone else hasn't? Everything yelpers recommend really is a winner, especially the rainbow salad which makes you really re-think the concept of texture and the layers of flavor are exquisite. Ever watched that show "Best thing I ever ate"?Burma's Pork Curry with Coconut rice. HANDS DOWN.
Sunday Lunch ReviewWait wasn't too long... by the time I managed to find parking, we were able to be seated.Ordered: Tea Leaf Salad, Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup, [Beef] Burmese Curry.The soup was fantastic. Big fan of the colada, and the noodles were very tasty as well. The tea leaf salad was supposed to be the party in your mouth, but the soup was quite a fiesta itself.The tea leaf salad was interesting... I liked it because of the unique texture (crunchiness) from the various nuts and seeds that were in it. Wasn't party central... but certainly was a good gathering of friends.Had a long night, so I really couldn't eat all that much, so I didn't really get to try much of the curry. But, from the couple bites I did have... which was over the not very coconut-y coconut rice (would've preferred a bit more coconut), it was still quite tasty.The 4-5 star reviews of this place is definitely warranted.Who would've thunk?Oh yeah... the service was most excellent.
It was delicious. I could write on about it, but everyone else did so I'll just add my 5 stars and move on. lol.One note: the fiery chicken is REALLY spicy. I do not suggest ordering this on a date as it makes you snotty, flushed, etc.. SO sexy, I know. The sesame chicken was super tasty and whatever they were having at the tables next to us looked and smelled amazing. FYI There was a 15/20 minute wait on Sunday evening.
I LOVE the food but the portions are small and I wouldn't say ideal for sharing with more than one person. If, however, you go with a group don't bring a huge appetite, go with the mindset that you're there to "taste." This may sound funny but it's true! My fiance and I were starved! We waited an hour for a table because our friends showed up late and they wouldn't sit us unless our whole party was present due to the size of the restaurant. Since it was our first time there we let our friends order for the table (mind you there was six of us; three large dudes and me with a big appetite). Little did we know the portion sizes weren't very big so we ended up ordering two of each item: tea leaf salad, chili lamb, coconut rice, and two other beef dishes. We also tried the hot tea and sangria--both yummy, in fact, everything was TOO yummy. Even though the portions were on the small side for me the unique and bold flavors were intoxicating thus although my stomach wasn't full I felt satisfied.  Key dish: the tea leaf salad is a must! I still think of it and we ate here two months ago! I wish I visited this place when I lived in S.F. *sniff* now I only have the memories until next time.
I really don't understand quite what the fuss is about. Certainly, there is nothing "wrong" with Burma Superstar. They have "good" food at decent prices, but the huge lines and the way a lot of people freak out about it, as if it is some kind of transcendent experience, especially in a city like San Francisco, where you have a lot of excellent restaurants, is really kind of odd. Even though I used to live right around the corner at third and Clement, I found that I rarely went there just because of the crowds and busy-ness of the place - I found it hard to relax and have a mellow, nice dinner. Everyone should check it out at least once -- maybe you'll be one of those people who get the religion about the place! For me, it's good, and I probably go there once a year.
First, to the adorable waitress Stephanie with the cute dimples: I'm sorry, my mom thought that you were really cute. She was only trying to hook us up by embarrassing me to the point where you would not forget my name. Contrary to what she said, she can speak conversation level Cantonese and thinks you should visit Taipei with me. Hah. Moms. Ok, onto the review. I'm super big on food being so fresh that it was as if they had a garden and a slaughter house in the back. This place felt like it had all those plus the spice grinder and the hatchery.I had the tea salad, garlic noodles with duck, and the chicken curry. All of those dishes made me feel as if I was in the humid Burma climate, eating at a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. In reality, we ate inside on a small table, on a dark and rainy night. If food can do this to me, it deserves a second or fourth visit.The mango coconut drink was also a total surprise. Previous mango coconut dishes were never as sweet and thick as I've had it. I ended up inhaling two of 'em before I finished anything else.
Overall: Solid 4 stars!Food: Everyone keeps talking about the salads here and to be honest, I didn't think it was that big of deal. We ordered the salad with the fermented tea leaves, which wasn't bad but nothing I would order again. The sumusa soup is great. My absolute FAVORITE was the Burmese Beef with potatoes with jasmine rice....YUMMY!!!! The food is great, but it's a bit on the oily side. Service: Service was great for a restaurant as busy as they are. Water was filled and tea outside while you waited. My issue here was that the host kept telling us that we would have a table in 20 minutes and then would seat someone else and then 20 minutes later would tell us it will be 15 more minutes, etc. He just wasn't very helpful in estimating how long it would be to get a table.Price: It is actually extremely reasonably priced for a restaurant as famous as they are!Location: Not bad, great parking and other shops around to shop in.Overall: I'll definitely go back but will probably go really early for dinner or really late since the wait is too long! Though, in full disclosure, I don't know if this place really lives up to the hype. We saw a ton of people taking pictures of the sign outside and their food and it was almost comical. Really people, eat the food before you take a picture!!
good food but too many people in line makes it hard to get in and eat haha!!! not enogh places in this town that makes good cooking
My family and I had a wonderful dining experience.They were able to accommodate a party of 8 within 45 minutes after we placed a call to put us on the waiting list. We also went on a sunday close to the end of the lunch seating, so that may have helped a little. We ordered many of the popular dishes, Tea Leaf Salad, Samusas, Pumpkin Pork Stew, Nan Gyi Dok, Garlic Noodles, Burmese Style Lamb Curry....and lots of coconut rice. It was all very good. Portions were large so we were all able to share family-style. Thank goodness for the lazy susan. They were also very amenable to our individual allergic and dietary requests (ie, peanut allergies, fish sauce allergies and vegetarian tendencies).Most of the food was too spicy for my kid so all she ate was the coconut rice, some broccoli, and a little of the samusa. If there was a kid's menu we were not given one.Ambience, food, and servers were great. Hostess was okay. Parking sucks, but they really can't control that aspect.
One of my favorite restaurants =)Food is soooo good. Service is on point. Wait gets a little long on weekends and dinner time but it's worth it. I usually eat there on weekdays after work. If you get there early enough, you won't even need to wait. Just make sure you get there at least before 7 and wait won't be a problem. TIP: Tea leaf salad!
I can be extremely critical of this place because both of my parents grew up in Burma and my mommy cooks Burmese food. I had very high expectations and was disappointed. The food portions were small and everything was overpriced. All the dishes were on more on the salty side than the spice and flavor side. I had the Platha and Dip (only 4 pieces? come on...), Tea Leaf and Salad (alright tasting, but again small portion), Moh Hinga (tasted salty and watered down), Burmese Style Curry with Catfish (small portion), and the Bun Tay Kauswer (not enough coconut flavor). I would recommend going to Yamo on Mission/18th (or is it 16th?). Great food for MUCH less than half the price. It is a little hole in the wall (need to order TOGO) run by Chinese ladies. Order the same dishes you get at Burma Superstar and it tastes much better, with much larger portions, for less expensive.
Tea Leaf Salad + Coconut water= heavennnn
WTF! are people raving about?? seriously, I get there with a friend who recommends it, there is a ridiculous queue of people waiting outside in the cold on a Monday night to get in like it's the last restaurant on Earth....we finally get seated and the place is packed, I get tempted by the GARLIC NOODLES w/ DUCK (because any time I can get my hands on either Duck or Lamb or any 'exotic' meats I'm there! hey I'm French, what'cha gonna do?!) and my friend asks for their specialty which was very poor in taste. my noodles were too watery and in the end THIS PLACE SUCKS!! me no go no mo-2* just cause, but really 1* in my mouth :D
I certainly did not give them my custom but I may give them a medical prescription. For some reason unknown to me, the waitress walked away from me in the middle of our dialogue, the manager was not present and seemingly the cleaning team has not showed up for weeks!One must be suffering from an internal disbalance to have 2000+ Yelp reviews yet hire unprofessionals.
I am definitely a fan, but at the same time I won't wait in line for any hour for this place. Some places yes. It's home cooking style meaning sometimes the meat is tender sometimes its not. It's not consistent--so there is good and bad. The tea salad is yummy the curries are a bit lack luster, but I appreciate having gluten free options. My issue is the wait. But people really like this place.
Long Line (waited over 80 minutes) but the Food is Solid.Definitely looking forward to the next time. Get there early, Folks!The Samosa veggie soup is a must try!!
This place is an absolute must when I'm in SF. The wait is long, so expect to wait outside or be sent off to B*Star, their sister restaurant down the street (which has a slightly different menu, but is just as great) When you order the coconut juice, its an actual FRESH coconut, ahh so worth it, and when you're done drinking the milk, they crack it open so you can carve out the meat.Their tea leaf salad is a must for me, but other than that I usually like to try new things, and have never been disappointed!MUST TRY!!
great weekend afternoon lunch spot. the line can be a little long at points, but the food is delicious and filling. my partner and i always get the samosa soup and tea leaf salad. a little generic, but tasty and not too heavy.
SO glad we tried this place!We went on a Sunday, right when it opened. No wait. After reading the reviews I thought this was a miracle. Checked in and got a free Thai iced tea. I've never been a fan of super sweet drinks, so I was pleasantly surprised. Less sugar = more refreshing!Couldn't decide between the Tea Leaf or Rainbow Salads. Waitress' suggestion? "Oh I can't compare.. to me that's like picking between husband and boyfriend. And I like both!"Went with the Tea Leaf Salad just because it seems to be THE thing to get. And I have to agree, it is amazing! (5 stars) I loved the crispy fried garlic, and all the ingredients identified and mixed table side by another friendly waiter. The service in this place is incredible.We also shared the Samusa soup, which was yummy and filling. Similar in taste to samosas in a minestrone broth. (5 stars)The Nan Pia Dok was another winner! A coconut curry chicken noodle dish, which again had some little crunchy garlic pieces (I want to eat these every day, but I don't think the BF would appreciate).Overall this place is fantastic! If I lived closer by I'd come here all the time! 5 SUPER STARS!!
you need to give these people a chance.. I did and just loved it. great food and well priced
Chili lamb....Tea leaf salad....hands down!Amazing!! A Must!! Cozy yet fast services.
You must try the tea leaf salad. I had the pumpkin pork stew, it was delish and quite savory.Good service though not top notch. Get here early cause it fills up fast with lines out the door.
It's impossible to eat Burmese food where I live so my review my be slightly skewed. Burma Superstar serves great food and the staff are super friendly. The only knock is the fact that it's a tiny place. If you have a party greater than 4, forget it. You'll have a real hard time finding a table, unless you come right as it opens. Smaller parties, don't miss out on the rice salad. It's not under the 'salad' menu but I've had it twice and it never ceases to amaze me.
This is the best Burmese food I have ever had--hands down!Although I have no point of reference since this is the only Burmese food I have ever had in my life. So this would also make it the worst Burmese food I have ever had!But since this is Yelp, I will write a review anyway. I do this because this site allows people like me the ability to make a judgment against a place of business despite having very little knowledge in that domain (i.e., Burmese food).I give this place 3 stars because I think the food only deserves that much. For me, a lot of the dishes were underwhelming and hyped up. But what do I know? How do I know that the food at Burma Superstar is not top quality as far as Burmese food goes? Well I wouldn't know, now would I? Not unless I try other places that also serve Burmese food. I am also guessing that out of the 2000+ reviews for this restaurant, a lot of these people have also yet to eat at another Burmese restaurant. And for those who have, they are a much better source than I on the quality of this place. However, that is not how Yelp works. So my rating stands for now, and that is the beauty that is Yelp.
My friend Amy took me here long time ago.Several times afterwards spread out over a few year, when I tried to go back, the line was always so ridiculous that we were so hungry that we felt like almost eating our own hands.Then...finally...upon a recent visit to family, we came here for my belated birthday lunch.The salad was as good as I remembered and we tired various other items including curry and some noodle dish that was one of the server's favorite dish of the whole place. It was a good recommendation and I want to say it was Nan Pia Dok?!?!One dish I have become familiar with is the mohingaw. Catfish soup stew. It wasn't as good as this one lady's in SoCal so it doesn't take first place in my book, but the flavors of the other dishes here are more intense than the Burmese restaurant in Monterey Park.B Superstar tasted more ethnic than I remembered in my first visit (read: tastes of fish sauce and earthy ethnic herbs). But I wasn't feeling terribly well that afternoon for some reason and didn't have a great appetite. But the food was so delicious I still managed to eat sans appetite.The place was crazy crowded on a random weekday but then again, the place is tiny. It wasn't terribly comfortable when you feel so packed in. But yet, the food is so good, it still gets 5 stars from me.
Helpful, friendly staff to make up for feeling packed inside.Style is tapas (portions are a bit on small size) and ingredients quite fresh. There noodles and beef selections are quite good.Expect to wait in line during most hours (peak and non peak)
Really amazing food!! we had to wait 40 min for the table but it well worth the wait!Samusa Soup: My absolute favourite!!Tea leaf salad: delicious!Mint chicken: too spicy for me.Next time i'm gonna get the Samusa soup again, because I dont' think i can get enough of it, also the people next to us had Riblettes and they said it's really good! Can't wait for the next time I go to this place!
Hmm.. Boyfriend heard a lot of great things about this place and was REALLY excited to try it! I had never had Burmese food so I was down for the cause! Boyfriend had already picked what he wanted to order through Yelp reviews before we even got there. So we anticipated quite a long wait and were actually seated right away. I believe we arrived around 5:30PM so that was a pleasant surprise. Boyfriend ordered the tea leave salad, samusa soup, pumpkin shrimp and the chili lamb. Honestly, nothing really stood out as amazing. I do remember liking the fact that they are very generous with the shrimp in the dish. Service was ok. I might go back to try some other items but I am definitely not in a rush. This place was just "meh" to me..
great food!we tried the samosa soup and the tea leaf salad - both were amazing.I tried their pad thai - there is something about asian restaurants that forces me to seek pad thai - it was great!The food, service and ambience of the place is amazing.The long lines can get to you, so choose your day and time wisely..a tad bit pricy but the food was worth every cent spent!
I waffled on how many stars to give this place. On the downside, it's small, super crowded and there's always a wait (although you can put your name down and wander the area since they'll call you when your table is ready). And only one bathroom, added almost as an afterthought to the tiny hallway space between the dining area and kitchen. If I was sitting near this area I personally wouldn't care to watch a line of people doing the pee-dance while I waited for my food.BUT!Their platha bread with chicken curry dip. OMG. I think they put crack in it. I brought my sister and friend here and the three of us were in fits of ecstasy. We had other stuff - what, I can't remember for the life of me. Probably the tea leaf salad and some other dishes - whatev. The platha and dip is where it's at. Light and crispy pieces of delicious carbs dipped in a curry that you want to be never ending (but is sadly inhaled in about 5 minutes flat). Since I wouldn't think too much about visiting this place again save for one dish, and one dish only, I feel that deserves a solid A-OK.The next time I go I fully intend to order an entire platha bread with curry for myself, and have absolutely no intention of sharing it with anyone else. Annnd regressing to selfish, petulant 4-year old in 5...4...3...2...
Burma 4 stars SuperstarrIt is a must every time I'm in SF. Make sure you call and make reservations. The wait staff is great. Prices are very reasonable.Tea leaf salad, yummy.Platha and Dip - Holly crap the platha is good. Peashoots - Young and crispy.Okra egg curry - Didn't know what to expect but it ended up being a winner.Chili lambDid I say the Platha is good? Better get two orders of Platha because you will eat one on your own.These are my favorite dishes.For desert, there is a great ice cream shop on the corner about a block away.Please open one in NY
Despite the hours of wait time and hunger pangs, I will definitely go back to Burma superstar. One reason or two... i love their plata and dip. Their plata was cooked very soft and crispy, fresh off the oven. Their curry dip is soooo good that i can just keep the dip and put it in plain rice. And lick every bit of it. We ordered also some samusas chicken broth, their famous tea leaf salad and their chicken casserole. here are my finals reviews of each dishPlata and dip--the best!Tea leaf salad--didnt appeal to me at all; dont know why people are soo into itChicken casserole w/ rice--super good... not spicy and reminds me of paella chicken of my ex's. I love the cilantro, peanuts and crispy garlic. I mixed the tea leaf salad with this casserole and their combo was explosive. I even experimented the plata's curry dip and poured it over the rice of the casserole... oh soo good! I can eat this all week!Samusas chicken soup--its okey. I didnt like the spiciness of it, but my current bf likes it with more spiciness. He is burmese after all and all he eats is chilis! So he said that his mom makes a better version of this soup. If ever their samusas are put aside and then put into the soup... it would have been better and that's the more traditional way (according to my bf). Burma Cooler--consists of ginger lemon and beer... i dont like beer but according to my guy he likes it a lot... i gave my glass to him.Overall... we like this place... Approved by the burmese snob! if we dont have to wait so long, its a 5 star! TIP: we called ahead of time to put our name in the wait list. Ask them whats the waiting time. Do your errands first then go 20-30 mins before they seat you. Another tip... if u like late dinner on friday, they open late (1030Pm) around 9ish, some people gave up their seats and left so you can be moved up the list.
I finally got a chance to try this place out. Sure it was a busy Saturday night and I had to wait an hour and a half, but at least I was able to get in. I couldn't order the tea leaf salad since I have a nut allergy, so I opted to go with the safe route and grabbing the Beef Kebat and some Mushu Rolls. Both dishes weren't too bad. The prices were reasonable and the service was awesome (Free Thai Iced Tea if you check-in via Yelp or Facebook!!).My only gripe was that the quality of the food was comparable to another Burmese place near my house (Burma Cafe). It's not bad actually, since both places offered great quality, but it isn't mind-blowing or anything.On the other hand, the Thai iced tea was mind-blowing. Usually there would be a lot of sugar in it, but it was very refreshing to have this. That, and it was well, free.
Good but not as good as Mandalay.
Decided to stop by to see what the big fuss was. With over 3000 reviews and at 4/5 stars, I was bound to be blown away right? Ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Mint Chicken, and Pumpkin Pork Stew. Tea leaf salad was pleasant to eat. Lots of different ingredients, you get a nice crunchy-ness while chomping on the greens. It didn't seem as special as it is regarded though. If I never knew the tea leaves were straight from Burma and that the salad was featured on Food Network, I would have just thought it was a nice asian salad with strange green stuff(the tea leaves) and cool crunchies. Mint Chicken: not much to say here. Minced chicken with a nice garlic and spicy jalapeno taste. Just as it was described. I enjoyed it. Pumpkin Pork Stew: it was awesome because kabocha squash is awesome! this dish taste pretty similar to something my mom makes(which is a good thing because my mom is an amazing cook). I only gave 3 stars because:1) this place is cramped beyond belief. They really do try to maximize capacity at the expense of the customers comfort. I sat almost should to shoulder with the person at the table next to me...2) High prices. The Tea leaf salad was $10, and there isn't even any meat. The mint chicken was $12, and the stew was around $14 and nly had 3 or 4 small pieces each of pork and pumpkin. I was expecting much more since it was one of the more expensive dishes. Total bill was about $40 without tip. At the end, I would probably not return here, but that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it. It just didnt live up to the hype for me.
Burmaaaa Superstarrrrr!I was told that this restaurant is a must for anybody visiting San Francisco, so my friends took me there one night. There is always a very long wait, and they don't take reservations, but apparently we could call ahead for them to put us on the wait list, instead of being put on the wait list after we get there. That's exactly what we did. It took us about 20 minutes to get there at about 7:30, and we waited another half an hour for the table. Not bad at all for an apparently very popular restaurant. Or maybe I just think it's not so bad because of some ridiculous waiting I've had to endure for some NY restaurants. At any rate, while we waited, we walked around the Richmond District a little bit. I really like this neighbourhood! By the time we got back, people waiting for a table were being told that the wait would be two hours long! I was so glad we got there relatively early.Sitting down, one of my friends immediately said that the Tea Leaf Salad was the dish to try. It was featured on the Food Network, apparently. So we ordered:1) Tea Leaf Salad2) Platha3) Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole4) Pumpkin Pork Stew5) Moh HingaIt really was quite a lot of food for three people. The Tea Leaf Salad was indeed delicious, though I would not say it was the best thing I had at Burma Superstar - that distinction goes to the Chicken Casserole. The salad contains, along with seeds and nuts, Burmese tea leaves, which, according to the restaurant's website, are actually from Burma. All of the other dishes were awesome, and I though the Chicken Casserole was amazing. So tender. So juicy. All the flavours were noticeable and not one overwhelmed the others.This is a great restaurant, and I have decided I need to go there every time I visit San Francisco.
Always amazing if you can stand the wait
This place is very, very popular. The wait was around 30 minutes on a Saturday night, but it was worth it. As soon as we got in our waiter took our order and the food came out surprisingly quickly. We tried the Cat Fish curry, the salad, and some flat noodles. All the dishes were really good, and the flavors were fantastic. My only critique would be that although the food tasted great, it wasn't anything that blew me away in terms of originality, except for the salad which had dried shrimp and tea leaves. The small setting also gives a cozy feel, but isn't too crammed at the same time. Great place to visit!oh and they have pretty cool tshirts for sale!
Burmese food! CLEANLINESS: 4/5SERVICE: 5/5FOOD: 4/5+ Coconut rice w/ Pork Curry+ Samosas (potato, curry wrapped in a crunchy wonton-like skin) + Some kind of noodle in broth.+ Some kind of noodle salad. ($8-9)Sorry I forgot the name, but dang it was so good. The samosas (I'm not sure if I spelled it right) were really good. We got the vegetarian version of it, which was delicious. Then we had the coconut rice with pork curry. I highly recommend getting a rice dish. The coconut is soooo good. It's sweet and has a rich coconut hint to it. Sometimes it's just good to eat it by itself without the curry. The curry sorta takes away the coconut flavor. The pork was really tender too. The noodle with broth was alright. Not the best out of all the things we ordered. The noodles were too soft for my liking. The noodle salad was really good. It was sweet and spicy at the same time, so that was an interesting combo.As for the pricing, I think it's a little overpriced for some entrees. The salad was definitely way too small for an $8.00-9.00 entree. I almost thought it was a starter. As for the other entrees, it was a fairly decent size. The flavors were all there and definitely hit the spot. It's a mix of sweet, tangy, and spicy. Pretty good!
It was incredible! Food was so good- get the spicy crispy chicken and the pork curry fosho with coconut rice. Samusa's were bomb.com and they gave us free ice cream. Woooooo. Definitely going back. Get there early if you don' want to wait.
love this place - the pork is ultra yummy
If you are in the neighborhood, definitely check this place out. Had a late lunch (almost early dinner) at Burma SuperStar this weekend when most of everything (with waiter service) was closed at the time (~3pm). Glad to find Burma SuperStar alive and well and OPEN after 3pm! :) Though I have eaten dinner here (and remembered it being very good), I never had lunch here so I wasn't sure what they had on the menu. Low and behold, they seem to have the same delicious dishes for lunch and dinner.My friend and I ordered (1) Burmese Samusas, (2) Chicken Dahl, and (3) Nan Pia Dok. All were very tasty but the noodle dish was noteworthy! You should definitely try that dish - it is so full of flavor and spices. The noodles were cooked to perfection. As for the Burmese Samusas...there was a spicy yet sweet sauce that brought out taste of the carefully fried Burmese Samusas. As for the Chicken Dahl...hhmmm...I wasn't overly impressed but it was still good. It's just that the other two dishes overwhelmed my taste buds so when I ate the Chicken Dahl...it was just OK (compared to the other two dishes).The wait staff was extremely friendly. They were getting ready to shut down the restaurant to turn it over for dinner but did not rush us out the door - super nice of them to let us just chill out there for a little while longer. The wait staff also has great recommendations - just ask them and tell them what you like to eat and they will be sure to pick out something that is tasty.
I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived her on a Saturday at noon (11:30am opening time) and was seated immediately amidst several other open tables. Especially, when I waited a grueling 2.5 hours for Sushi Zone the night before. Anyway, since this place has been reviewed to death, here are a few additional pointers.Ordered the rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, burmese curry with spicy shrimp, and beef kebat.Comments:1. Rainbow Salad - This salad was just right on the spot. With just the right ingredients in a tamarind/fish sauce, it had that fresh and wholesome healthy flavor. Reminded me of the food I had in NW Thailand along the Burmese border. Highly recommended. 2. Tea Leaf Salad - After reading so many reviews, I might have been expecting too much. I wasn't super impressed with this salad as much as I tried to make myself believe so as I was taking the bites. It's definitely a unique salad and unlike any that you've tasted, but I preferred the Rainbow Salad over this salad. 3. Spicy shrimp in Burmese Curry - This one was great, the sauce a wonderful mix of Thai and Indian curry. As soon as I bit into the shrimp, I tasted that delicate mix of curry flavors, but suddenly the crisp fresh flavor of the shrimp burst into my mouth. It was quite the experience. **4. Beef Kebat - I want to highlight this one because I haven't seen it in the reviews, but this was the best dish I had out of all. It was recommended by our waiter and given that he seemed very knowledgeable of the menu, to a passionate extent, I connected with the foodie in him and went with the suggestion. The dish is basically beef, tomatoes, and onions in a red sauce. Didn't look impressive, I was worried. But, as soon as I bit into the beef, the type of flavor that soaked into my mouth was unlike anything I've tasted. The beef was extremely tender, yes and a great delight, but it was that core subtle but natural coconut-like flavor that really got me. The tomato and onions had their own niceness. I couldn't stop eating this dish with the coconut rice. Overall, I would definitely come back. Great service, a very sizable menu for trying new things, and most of all there seems to be a lot more tastiness than the few dishes that have been mentioned on Yelp. For starters, try the Beef Kebat!
A few words about the place:Located in the inner richmond, this well known spot draws a crowd. By 6:30 the place was stuffed full and the line began queuing up to an hour+ wait. With soft summer sun coming in till 8pm and delicious burmese food filling my plate, you can count on seeing me back here sometime soon.What I recommend:Get there early, and have an adventurous mindset. Southeast asian food in general sports full bodied, robust, and mouth watering (literally) flavors. This more traditional style burmese food is the best I have had in the bay area and very different from any Thai or Malaysian cuisine Ive had before. While the flavors aren't completely foreign, of the four dishes i tried, all of them beautifully sported a very interesting aspect. The catfish chowder ($11) had a very rich hearty texture that was a bit mushy but balanced by a fried garlic garnish and silky bean thread noodles. The curry chicken noodles (forgot the real name) was my favorite dish and really was the winner. It was perfectly balanced in flavor (coconut, spice, chicken, garlic), texture (creamy, smooth, but crunchy green beans), and richness (curry based, but not too rich that makes you think of alfredo). Go in try some dishes, be adventurous and have an open mind.Bottom line:There are two reasons I would go here: 1. To try something new and am craving something I have never tasted before. 2. I'm on a date and want to go somewhere nice. The ambiance is good, the service is superb, and the lighting during these summer months is bomb. However, I would really recommend getting there early to put your name down (esp. if 3+) and be prepared to pay (avg cost of dishes is $10+).
After hearing so many good things about this place i was very disappointed...the platha was okay..the sauce that came with it had a fishy taste that had our stomach turn. we couldnt even eat the nan pia dok because it was in the same dressing. Tea Leaf salad was not anything special. The crispy spicy chicken had good flavor but too much fat in the chicken. Cocoanut rice, veg samosas were amazing.
Get here early (opens at 5pm) or you will have to wait in line. Well, you will have to wait in line anyway. 10 mins before opening there were 3 couples waiting.We had:Stewed Pork and Pumpkin - Good. tasted like something my mom would make.Tea Leaf Salad - Half salad, half amazing! Fermented tea leaves, and a cornucopia of crunchy nuts, seeds, and refreshing greens. Textures melded well together. Flavors were multifaceted and unique.Egg Curry - Meh. Hard boiled egg with a spicy curry. There was a slight oversight in service, but I can understand they are busy.
I love this place so much that I've often come here for breakfast. And they don't serve breakfast so you can imagine my commitment. And I don't even live in San Francisco so... its quite a commute.Seriously, the clean flavors found at Berma Superstar are unique, light, and delicious. Long lines are the only drawback but totally worth it. It's small and low key for a place with such colorful food.
31 Dec 2011We returned to San Francisco and ordered take-out from Burma again. Just a warning - this place is always full with a waiting line outside. We ordered the sesame beef, spicy chicken with fresh basil, peashoots and jasmine rice. The sesame beef and peashoots were excellent; the spicy chicken was good but not in the same league. I thought the meal was pricey at $45 but the large servings will easily provide a second meal at lunchtime later on. 28 Aug 2011We ordered take-out so I can not comment on the service. There was a waiting list for seating which was the only place I saw on Clement Street with people waiting outside for tables.Great blend of spices that yield excellent flavors. Very tasteful food.
Overrated. Came here for lunch on a rainy Saturday around 1, and was seated in less than 10 minutes. Nice, considering how there's always a line when I pass by.Boyfriend and I ordered samusas, catfish soup, lamb curry, and coconut rice. A little disappointed they don't have the milk tea like Little Yangon, and I had to stick with Jasmine (waiter never refilled my pot with hot water. Anyway, the food:Samusas: The sauce complimented them well; however, they were a little under-fried in my opinion. The corners were a nice golden brown, but the middle was pale. Is there supposed to be anything else in there besides curried potato?Catfish soup: Yummy, but what catfish? You mean the little fried things with crunchy stuff on it? I'll stick with the chicken soup if I come back.Lamb Curry: Nicely seasoned, not spicy, and tender, but could hardly taste the lamb. BF and I love lamb, but we almost thought it was beef.Coconut rice: Cooked with too much water. There was a big soggy ball of rice in the middle. Seriously? Restaurants shouldn't be screwing up on rice. Maybe a bit overpowered by the curry, but the coconut was hardly there.I swear, my taste buds work! Everything we ate at Burma SuperStar was just lacking something. Maybe the kitchen staff was having an off day, but for the price of that lunch, I'd expect better food (such as more catfish and coconut-y-er rice). I'll stick with Burmese Kitchen and Little Yangon, and skip the fancy-pants frou-fou stuff, thanks.Random tangent: Chopsticks for food served on plates??? How the heck does that work?
Our favorite place for carryout. We are a 10 minute walk away and we love ordering their lamb samosas, sesame beef and mango salad. Their fried rice is delicious too. We don't usually go to the restaurant because it is always crowded and there's always a line, but thank g-d for take out!
Excellent, excellent food :-)Fantastic service :-)Amazing Calamari and and pork curry is really tasty.Highly recommended.
Can't say enough great things about this restaurant. Yes, yes yes to the Tea Leaf Salad. Can't articulate properly how amazing it is.I've been here a number of times and have met more interesting people here than at any other restaurant/bar. So, that makes the 'intimate' dining experience, which some might call cramped tables, all the more entertaining.Go there!
I came here at an off hour -- 2PM -- but the place was still packed. We were luckily seated without a wait.The service was terrific. The waiters were attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu.Food highlights:Samusa SoupNan Gyi DoI thought the Tea Leaf Salad -- while inspired -- was a bit disappointing. The vegetables used didn't strike me as all that fresh / verdant.I wish this place took reservations. If it did, I'd come back a lot more often.The prices were very reasonable. The portions were generous.
6:24 p.m. I just ordered our take out dinner. I've eated here once a very long time ago, from what I remember, the food was good.However, while I understand it is busy at the restaurant at this time, I did not appreciate getting hung up upon. When my husband called, he was asked to be put on hold which we had no problem with. Even though we were calling from a landline, their phone reception was in and out and then they hung up.When I called back, I immediately told the guy he hung up on us in which he said how did he hang up when he just answered the phone? I told him we had called minutes before and were waiting and then was hung up upon. He apologized and was super duper friendly when taking our order down. So I guess I can let that slide, but I do feel phone orders are just as important as in house biz right?We had the Vegetarian Delight, the garlic noodles with duck, and the pork curry with potatoes. My favorite was the veggie delight as the tofu slices were fried and the okra was tender enough for me to eat w/out having to cut it up. It was good eats.Three and a half stars I'd give Burma SuperStar.
I thought maybe going by Burma SuperStar a second time would change my mind about the place being "A-OK" to "Yay! I'm a fan!". But hmm, no...I stopped by again on a Monday evening, around 5:30/6. The place did not have a huge wait outside just yet, so my friend and I decided to take advantage of this. We were seated right by the door, which was awkward; during most of our stay there last night, I could not help but compare the setup of the tables to a "speed dating" place...tables are quite tight together, and really, most of the restaurant is only good for seating couples/two-people tables. There is a large table in the very back, but just one, so if you are going to bring a large group, you should try to hit up the restaurant early in the night.Service was decent; the server made sure I was aware that the Mango Salad was only meant to be an appetizer, but I was not feeling super hungry anyway, so I made that my entree. She misheard my drink order, though--I wanted the "coconut juice" but I guess she heard "Coke"...that was an interesting fiasco. The Tea Leaf and the Mango Salads were brought to the table relatively quickly.I think what makes Burma SuperStar so popular is how they serve most of the dishes: some of the dishes come to the table "un-mixed", and, once brought to the table, the server will mix the ingredients of the dish together, enticing customers to feel excited to eat the mixture. It's kind of like what those chefs do at the Japanese steakhouses; a bit of show whets people's appetites.Well, the food that we ordered was mediocre; Tea Leaf Salad had a unique flavor to it. Mango Salad was indeed "refreshing" as stated on the menu. The Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Curry Flour Noodle) was light to eat.I guess what makes the experience at Burma SuperStar only "A-OK" for me is just how the atmosphere is; it's cramped inside, and I felt like I could not fully enjoy the time spent there since there's always that nagging thought about people waiting outside for my table....
Here's the only way I can think of to distinguish my review from the 567,240,877 other reviews: I ate at BS on Friday. Then on Saturday....and now I'm considering ordering it again for lunch. Just go. It's that good.
I wont lie, but I didnt even know what Bermese food was. Now I love it! :DThey have such great service and everyone is very friendly. You go in and to your left is a sign in list. Sign it! :D You might be waiting a while as well. So go around shop a bit to kill some time. I even went here around 8 at night and this place closes aroun 10 the latest. However, when we got back, they gave us menus outside and took our order, that way when we are called in, they have our food coming to us in only moments.Our waiter was also very nice, he small talks and ask us if we've been here before, etc etc. This place is packed! I wish is was bigger, but then again I live in Thousand Oaks, so I don't get to come here very often hahaha. You might feel a little uncomfortable sitting so close to ppl, but as the food arrives, you don't really notice.Try these:-Burmese Samusas (with chicken or vegetarian 5 pieces) * Burma SuperStar all time favorite. Burmese raviolis hand wrapped and filled with curry spices, potatoes, deep fried, and served with our house special red sauce-Beef Kebat *Stir fried beef with onions, tomatoes, green chilies, and mint leaves. (This is a spicy one, but worth it!)-Pork Curry with Potatoes *Burma SuperStar curry with potatoesSuch great food, location and friendly people! What more can you ask for in a restaurant?
Burma SuperStar is probably my favorite restaurant in San Francisco, and maybe the Bay Area.I always get the Tea Leaf Salad, Rainbow Salad, and one other appetizer -- usually the samusa soup or samusas -- for dinner with 2 people. The Tea Leaf and Rainbow salads are AMAZING and my cravings for these delicious dishes make me keep coming back to Burma SuperStar, even though the wait is usually ridiculous. The Tea Leaf salad here is really fresh compared to other Burmese restaurants I've been to (e.g. Burmese Kitchen on Larkin St).I haven't really enjoyed the other entrees I've gotten here, which is why I gave the restaurant only 4 stars instead of 5. I've tried a variety of curries and chicken dishes, but they were always very so-so compared to the outstanding salads.Tip for avoiding waiting 1+ hours to be seated: call ahead when you're about 40 minutes away and ask to be put on their wait list. The wait is usually around 45 minutes, so by the time you get there all you have to do is check in and wait around 5 minutes to be seated. They usually also keep a thermos of hot tea ready for those waiting outside!P.S. The first time I came here, Gavin Newsom was eating two tables over from us. If it's good enough for the mayor of San Francisco...
A solid 4 star place. And this was the very first time I have had Burmese food!!After 1500 reviews all being almost positive please run to try this place out.One helpful hint. Arrive early because the line does get long! We got here at 5:45 on a Wednesday night and had to still wait about 15 minutes as the restauant was already busy with hungry people!
We went to Burma the other night when I was in town. We put our names down and the host at the front door said it would be about thirty minutes. We went across the street and got some chai tea stuff and sat there drinking it for about thirty to forty minutes. We had not received a call from Burma yet and decided to check the status. We get there and the host told us our table should be ready shortly. Well, it's now an hour later and we finally get seated. Total wait time was 1.5 hours. That's ridiculous. What really set us off was the host failing to give us a more accurate waiting time. The service was very slow at the beginning. We were sitting at the table for about 10 to 15 minutes before our server appeared. The food was delicious as usual, but I don't think we will be returning any time in the near future.
Overrated for sure. We had chicken curry and bread for an appetizer, the tea leaf salad, the Burmese Veggie Noodles and some shrimp with a hot sauce with mint. The standout--Veggie Noodles. The rest was underwhelming. I was expecting the salad to be out of this world from all the press and hype it gets, and while good, it was not blow your socks off amazing. We came at lunch on a weekend and it was not busy at all--no wait.
OVERALL:4.5  FOOD:5  SERVICE:4  AMBIANCE:4.5  VALUE:4Once, twice, three times a lover!! No really--and I'm not through yet, either. I thoroughly and wantonly enjoy this place. Unique, memorable flavors (TEA LEAF SALAD! CHICKEN CASSEROLE w/CARDAMOM RICE!), friendly service, inviting space & atmosphere (I haven't seen this many substance-free happy people since kindergarten!). Food is seriously unlike anything I've tasted.I don't care how crazy your line gets cuz you don't take reservations--I'm coming back until I try everything on the menu...and then some!
hmmmm, wow i usually love this place..but after i was invited to my co workers for a "true" burmese meal i was left floored by how i though this was true burmese food..which my co-worker said burma superstar??? that's not real burmese food
Drive by this place too many times, and decided to try it for the first time. Tried the Tea Salad; just a tangy taste. Didn't really have any taste to it.Other dishes we've tried tasted like typical Chinese food. nothing stands out.Would not go back mainly because their dishes are like any other Chinese restaurant.
As good and unique as everyone says. Had the delicious Superstar lunch special - Samusa soup and tea leaf salad.
Yes yes, it's popular. But YES it's worth it, at least in my opinion, IF you follow these simple rules. Lauren's Guide to Burma Super Star:1. Be smart, get here early. Don't expect to roll 5 peeps at 8pm on Friday. 2. Show up between 6 and 6:30 any night. Put your name on the list, with your cell number. 3. Go to Rockit Room and get a drink, just across and down the street a bit. Or go to Blue Danube - the coffee shop across the street. Have a glass of wine, have a beer. Just chill. 4. Don't go starving hungry. Just go kinda hungry. By the time you sit down in the 7:00 hour, you'll be hungry and anticipating the wonderful meal to come. 5. Get the Samosa Soup. End of story. 6. Get both kinds of rice - the coconut and the cardamon. Mix them together with your meal. If you follow these simple rules, you too will heart Burma Super Star!
will wait on line for that tea leaf salad any day of the week.
Nice food, very fresh and great price. The restaurant itself is pretty basic and no frills. They are super busy at all times so not a place to hang about in after you've eaten. Expect a queue!
Clearly, I've been living under a rock named Sacramento. During a weekend trip to SF my husband and I decided to grab some lunch somewhere where parking wouldn't be super difficult. Since we had never tried Burmese food before, we yelped a place and found this one. I had no idea this place was an institution of sorts. We walked in and there was a little bit of a wait, maybe 10-15 minutes. The food was really remarkable, or at least the dishes we ordered were. Chicken Tofu kebat, Chili Lamb, tofu and okra and rainbow salad (yea I am a fat kid). All the dishes were great. I may have gone without the Rainbow salad and gotten something else. Over all the flavors were unique, great spice level, but they warned us that our orders were spicy. Since I haven't had Burmese food before I have nothing to compare it to, but I'll seek it out from now on.
I think the food is pretty solid - great flavors and textures. But compound that with the (LONG) wait, I think there are too many other restaurants in the city to eat at to spend so much time at Burma SuperStar (not eating).And yet, I'd still recommend that you try it, so you'd at least know what all these folks are talking about. :)
It's 5 stars for the food, pre- e coli outbreak, 1 star for the service. Giving it 3 stars with rounding.
Burma is one of my most favorite restaurants. After living in the inner richmond for almost two years, I found myself ordering to-go on multiple occasions -- it always takes 20 minutes for your order to be ready, which is way better than waiting over an hour each evening to be seated (no reservations). Everything is so fresh and the staff is very friendly. My go-tos when I bring new people are the tea leaf salad (unique, refreshing, and like nothing youve ever had, I think), sesame chicken, mango chicken (when mango is in season), wok tossed broccoli, spicy tofu and veggies, dried fried green beans, and coconut rice. ALWAYS COCONUT RICE! so incredibly good. Its a little expensive, but its also family style so there is a ton of food to take home. :)
The emperor is wearing no clothes!!!After L&J said that the tea salad was the best salad they ever had -- in fact they had to get two orders, my curiosity was piqued.Then when 2 other epicuricean couple raved about B superstar and the tea salad, I put it on my high priority list aka must eat within a week.WTF. I ate the salad. Salty and earthy. Lots of crunch and peanut. Kinda like a salty granola bar with konbu bits. I really don't get why everyone is heralding this like Jesus is back in town.The samosa soup and garlic noodles-yuck. The soup tasted like something they would serve in a Myanmar orphanage and the garlic noodles were soggy and full of the carbon remains of what used to be garlic. Nasty. I am SO completely disappointed by this place. Ultimate fail.
Another case of San Francisco hype trumping the food. Bring a jacket cause you'l be waiting in line for a small table in a noisy and crowded space. No gracias!
great food
A horde of people waited outside as the 5 pm opening hour approached. Meanwhile, we called in our order (the person answering the phone won't do so until 5) and looked for parking (available, but be sure to bring quarters or else you'll be circling the residential blocks.) We had the tea leaf salad, pumpkin shrimp curry, the pork belly (so rich and gelatinous!), coconut rice, and green beans. Our order was ready to go within 20 minutes.
I live only a few blocks away but the long lines have always deterred me from attempting to get a table here. Arrived at 6PM on a weekday and was immediately seated. yay! Sadly, I had already eaten not too long ago (hey, who can resist free food??) so we only ordered the chicken samusas, tea leaf salad, and the garlic noodles to share. Everything was flavorful, unique, and had a little kick of spice. Service was attentive but not intrusive. No complaints here. However, dishes were a little pricey at almost $10 a pop per appetizer given the portion sizes. I probably had a 4 star experience given no wait time, but not sure if I would be willing to wait the horrendous 1-2 hours I've read about here on Yelp. Will be back, but probably only during their off-peak hours.
Burmese food is one of my favorite cuisines if not my favorite. I saw Burma Super Star pop up on another Yelp friends page and asked my husband if this is the one we went to years ago he said yes. I remember it clearly just not the name. My husband helped me to piece together what we had using the on line menu. Though the menu may have changed since then the food we had is still there.He had a tea Leaf salad one of his favorites, Tea Leaf Salad, salad with fermented Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds and peanuts, he gets it at every Burmese restaurant we go to and I had the famous Vegetarian Samusa Soup made with Samusas, Falafels, lentils, cabbage, and onions. I wasn't as thrilled with the soup though it is famous for the soup. It is just not my thing wasn't bad though.Those were our appetizers for entrees we had Firey Vegetables With Tofu stir fried string beans, red bell peppers, tofu and basil in five spice sauce.Classic Burmese Chicken And Shrimp Casserole With Cardamom Cinnamon Rice, chicken on the bone and shrimp with biryani rice, raisins and almonds _which I couldn't try due to my shrimp allergy but my husband said it was delicious I really wanted him to try it because it sounded great he put up a fight because he likes to share with me but he loved it! We also had Pork Curry With Potatoes, andChili Lamb- stir-fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onion and basil.The menu says comes spicy or spicier.   I would say that Burma Super Star is much better than Cafe Mingala in NYC at the time I had only been to Village Mingala which is much better than Cafe Mingala even though it is the same owners Village Mingala was still better perhaps the neighborhood in the Village wanted more authentic than the Upper East side does. Burma Super Star has more of the Thai and Indian flavors than Village Mingala did but more authentic than Cafe Mingala on the upper East side. Food tends to be spicier than Rangoon in Philly but in my opinion not as purely Burmese tasting as Mynamar in Falls Church VA. yelp.com/biz/myanmar-resMynamar tends to be more strictly Burmese. Though Burma is in between India China and Thailand and Burmese food varies due to that I like it at Mynamar better due to the tastes being more Burmese tasting and less Thai tasting as I am quite bored with Thai food.(interesting anecdote, ask any white person who is secluded and lives in the burbs, I know not all white people living in the burbs is secluded, but ask the secluded ones their favorite cuisine and if you are Asian which my husband is and they want to impress you they say Thai food but most can't even name a Thai dish outside of Pad Thai)I am not enamored by Thai food.But I am enamored by Burmese food. At the time before eating in Falls Church Va. but having had Burmese in NYC I was really impressed with Burma Superstar. It is authentic I just like it to lean towards Burma. It is great especially if you are bored with Chinese and Thai. The neighborhood this restaurant is in is heavy on the Chinese food. So for something unique try Burma Super Star. On a side note it wasn't crowded when we went. It is also intriguing to see not just with this restaurant but many on Yelp how many of my Yelp friends throughout the US have gone to the same places!
My friend had the best description of eating at Burma Superstar: "I haven't found good food like this in a looonnnng time." I totally agree! If you're looking for a neighborhood/San Francisco gem, then look no further because Burma Superstar has delicious cuisines that are tasty, unique and fresh mouth-watering! The restaurant is pretty small, so be prepared for a wait. They have cold tea available outside, but I suggest you save your stomach for the food inside. Our waiter was really nice. My friends and I essentially let our waiter do almost all of the ordering. We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad and the coconut rice and then told him to give us the best dishes that the restaurant was known for. The result: DELICIOUS! Here's what we ordered:- Tea Leaf Salad (5/5 This is a mix of herbs, spices and nuts that make you feel like you're dining in Southeat Asia. If you're not into spices, then you probably won't care for this salad).- Pumpkin Shrimp (5/5 The pumpkin is cooked perfectly and the sauce is delicious. Must try!)- Nan Gyi Dok (4/5 Noodles; not greasy; contains a good mix of seafood and light veggies)- Coconut Rice (5/5 yummy!)- Pork Curry with Potatoes (5/5 the pork was marinated and cooked perfectly. you could cut the meat with a fork because it was so tender. the sauce was good too-- i felt like it was a chunky (rather than watery) type of sauce because it went perfectly over the rice.)- Beef Kebat (4/5 This dish was great. there were lots of beef filets so there was plenty for everyone)- Fried Coconut jello roll with coconut ice cream (5/5 dessert; delicious! i love almond and coconut jellos, so this was particularly good since it was deep fried as well! still a delicate and refreshing dessert)- Jackfruit with coconut ice cream (3.5/5 dessert; the jackfruit was good, but it seemed more "Americanized" by the fact that chocolate syrup was drizzled over it. i would pick the fried coconut roll over the jackfruit dessert)
This restaurant is AMAZING such a friendly staff and such amazing food it's my favorite restaurant in the city no doubt about it, there's usually an extremely long wait but it's well worth it!!! I suggest you go directly across the street and have a glass of wine in the cafe while you wait, you won't be disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes. Yes! YES!!The only thing keeping me from going to Burma Superstar every single day is the line, which is a lame thing to deter me, but still. The cuisine at this down-to-earth Burmese restaurant is spectacular. As previous reviewers have noted, this place knows how to cook. If you are a rebel, stifle your instincts and listen to your fellow yelpers. The Tea Leaf salad *is* as delicious as everyone says. As for main courses, I am a fan of all of their shrimp options. Best of all, I've liked the SuperStar Shrimp, the Garlic Shrimp, the Mango Shrimp, and the Walnut Shrimp (which are quite sweet, so be warned). I was less thrilled by their chicken and curries, but maybe I've been spoiled by just how good the shrimp are. Regardless, give this place a try. I promise it lives up to the hype!
This place is way too over hyped and is average at best.Nevertheless, the food is decent.
This place is always packed with a long wait but it's worth trying at least once. I really wanted to try this place because I wanted to know just what the heck Burmese food is and Yelpers love it so it must be all that. First of all, while you're waiting outside in the cold for a table, you can sample their hot tea. San Francisco gets pretty cold, so the tea was a plus. For a party of 11 on a Monday night, we waiting about an hour. When i first sat down, the first thing I noticed was the noise level. Since the place is so small and the tables are close together, it's very loud. You can't hear any distinct conversations though. The noise, however, did not make me enjoy the restaurant any less. Since there were 11 of us, we ordered many dishes and all kinds of rice. We ordered the tea leaf salad, vegetable soup, a tofu and okra dish, garlic noodles with duck, chicken curry with noodles, pork curry, lettuce cups, walnut shrimp, and a few other dishes. We also ordered the sangria and Burmese Cooler. Surprisingly, the food came out pretty fast.I'm not going to review each dish separately because honestly, nothing really stood out to me. The food was good, but not special. The dishes I enjoyed the most were the coconut rice, chicken curry noodle (don't know the actual name), and the tofu + okra dish. For the price of the food, I expected more in size and taste. However, I do like the fact that Burma SuperStar has a multitude of dishes to choose from. The sangria and beer were also very light and refreshing. I think this is a place people should at least try. I don't know if I'd go again. I can't imagine myself craving anything from this place in the future. Don't get me wrong though-- there's nothing wrong with the food.
Burma SuperStar is really, reeeeaaaally good. Believe all the reviews--it is that amazing. The tea leaf salad was scrumptious and if you like a little heat in your dishes... the shrimp curry is your cup of tea. If you go on the weekend, prepare yourself for a long wait. Perhaps try a weekday night and you will be better off in terms of the wait time. You must go and try it for yourself!
The night I ate here is a complete blur -- BLurma Sup3rStar, if you will. However, I remember the important details. The Obligatory SIDE-STORY (feel free to skip this portion)--------------------------------------------------While a few of my friends were continually hyping up the Tea Leaf Salad, our conversations got gradually louder as our group migrated across the street next to the boba shop. Apparently there is an asian control-freak chick (ACFC) that frequents there and sits at the table like she owns the joint. She was on the phone and told us to shut up. Hold up. We're outside drinking boba, waiting outside for a table at BLurma, and you're on your MOBILE phone, sitting at a table in a shop which you purchased nothing at? I confess that I have been guilty of using a table without purchase once or twice at Barnes and Noble, but that is besides the point. C'mon. You've got a mobile phone. Go be mobile and talk somewhere else. WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY! (c)Costanza. We completely ignored her, and the ACFC slams the doors and windows shut! LMAOnade. From there, I proceeded to make funny faces at her through the window, hoping that they'd somehow permeate through the glass and make some sort of noise.TABLE FOR 12!--------------------------------------------------I had the Tea Leaf Salad and the BLurmese Style Curry. The TLS tasted like... well, salad. Did I seriously wait an hour+ for tea leaves that you could've replaced with your normal, tasteless green? The Snapple Lady would be furious. I probably could've gone for some arugula instead. Maybe it didn't help that my friends over-hyped it so much that it ended up being bland in comparison. I'll give it a second try if I eat here again. The BSC was good. It didn't taste like your usual curry. It was more of a beef stew than anything, but it was enjoyable though. The meat was tender and the sauce was hearty (I KNOW you wanna say "that's what she said.")Possibly "BLurma SuperSt4r" if there wasn't such a long wait and the bitch from The Grudge across the street.
If you haven't yet been to Burma Superstar, you are missing out! The food here is top notch as evidenced by the ever-present crowd. I especially recommend the tea leaf salad, the samosa soup, the Burma cooler (beer and lemonade), and the tan poi rice. But everything here is delicious!! One drawback: sometimes the wait is over an hour for a table. I suggest not going there with a party of 3 people, it takes the longest to seat this number as the restaurant doesn't want to have any empty seats. They usually have hot tea out for the people waiting so the time goes by fast.
Just devoured my leftovers of the Tea Leaf Salad and Beef Burmese Style Curry. *Sigh* This place is just freakin great. And their food is as yummy the day after. Beef still tender, salad still crunchy and very fresh tasting.I had yet another awesome experience at Burma Superstar last night with one of my girlfriends. We also tried the Fiery Chicken w/Tofu and Coconut Fritters w/Coconut Ice Cream for the first time. The chicken dish was good and I would order it again certainly, but I wouldn't consider this exceptional by any means. The dessert was phenomenal! Sweet, but not too sweet; coconuty, but not overwhelming. It had some slices of strawberries as well, but that didn't quite redeem me for all the rules I'd broken...but it was well worth it!!
One and a half hour wait? It's really more like three hours. This place is good but it's not that good. No place is that good.  Don't even think about getting in if you get here past 7, and yes, sadly, this is the case for any night of the week.If you go at lunch, esp. later lunch like 2:30 or 3 (I think they're open til 3:30), there's usually a minimal to no wait & they have a special lunch menu. (Though be forewarned; there's only a smattering of true specials, such as the curries w/ rice: most of the other items are some of the regularly priced cheaper items on their dinner menu.) The Thai Iced Tea @ $1.75 is good too.Pork curry: sauce = good, if underwhelming. Now as far as the pork is concerned, I've heard of dishes being inconsistent between visits, but this pork was inconsistent in the same dish. Certain pieces were tender & others were tough as a rock. The latter outnumbered the former about 2 & a half:1.Ginger salad & Tea leaf salads: No complaints here, nice and colorful & they mix them for you.Okra egg curry = now this one is probably a standout. If for no other reason than the combination, which is rare but works.It'd probably be four stars, but one star off because the past few times we've tried to go here for dinner we haven't gotten in.
I've had about 7 different dishes in 2 visits here. Delicious, fresh food. The servers were friendly and helpful in choosing dishes from this cuisine I've never had before. One of my recent favorites now!
Burma SuperStar That is What You AreComing From Afar You Earned 5 Burmese StarsRun Away With Me, To Another PlaceWe Can Rely On Your Dishes, Uh HuhFrom One Yelper to Another, Uh HuhWow man... I dragged my friends (including a San Francisco local) to this phenomenal establishment after reading Yelp and we were ALL pleasantly surprised. Every dish literally did a one inch punch in my belly it was so great.The Rainbow Salad = 5 StarsThe Spicy Chicken = 4 StarsThe Chili Lamb = 5 StarsNext time I'm definitely going to try the Tea Leaf Salad as those who were waiting in line next to me were ranting and raving about it.We came about 30 minutes early to beat the dinner rush and twas sufficient to get a window seating with an enthusiastic Burmese waiter who wanted nothing more than for me to give a 5-star Yelp rating. Delicious food and great service ensued.
My dad and I came here about a week ago after an exciting trip to ILM at the Presidio. We came around 11:30 and there were a couple people already but no line so we got seated right away!Of course one of the first things we did was check in and get that free thai iced tea (I like the fact that they don't try to masquerade it as Burmese Iced Tea. If it has tea and milk, it's Thai! Well Burmese IS basically Thai, but whatever). They make it with soymilk too, which is perfect for my dad (yet I couldn't convince him...)Next we got for an appetizer these little fried pockets of deliciousness that contain either a veggie or meat (pork?) option. They tasted identical but both delicious.The lady kind of tried to pressure us in to buying the Tea Leaf Salad. Now, the only reason we decided to go here in the first place is the fact that it's name is Burma SuperStar. That right there deserves the 5 stars by itself. However, after sifting through the reviews on here I noted that that the tea leaf salad was extremely popular. (The waitress/owner-looking lady told us that people wait 2 hours for it). But we weren't feeling to green on the idea (pardon the pun). My dad is allergic to shrimp, and that's basically what is supposed to make the dish taste so good- the lady promised she could make it vegetarian, but what would be the point?!?I guess those people who wait 2 hours for the salad came in at around noon, and the place started packing up. It seems like this place isn't exactly an "undiscovered" gem.Moving back along to the order, both my dad and I got curry. He got pork & the house rice while I got chicken & the coconut rice. The curries were both delicious! I love anything with spice, so it was a big plus for me. The coconut rice was AMAZING. I'm the kind of person who likes rice kind of mushy, and you COULD taste the coconut. The house rice wasn't my kind of thing- it tasted kind of gritty and dry.In the end we were glad we didn't get the salad for two reasons: 1. Because there was so much food! 2. My mom & I have something to try next timeThe service was okay, but it took awhile to get the check (not their fault, they had just seated about 5 tables). I will come here again if I get the chance!
This is my first and only experience with Burmese cuisine and it was downright incredible. What could I possibly add that 2000+ other reviewers have not said?The wait is long even on a weekday but worth every minute. We were here on a Wednesday and waited about an hour and a half. It just gave us time to dunk into a bar across the street and chat in eager anticipation.I loved how vegetarian-friendly Burma Superstar was and the service was friendly as well. Burmese cuisine is a melting pot of Indian, Chinese, and Thai cooking - all of which I love. Between the three of us, we ordered about 7 dishes as we wanted to sample as much as we could. Everything was excellent but I wanted to highlight my two favorite dishes:Tea leaf salad - Absolutely incredible. It's an amazing mix of tea leaves imported from Burma, fried garlic, and peanuts. I wish someone could transport this to me.Burmese samusas - Similar to Indian samosas but with a thin, crispy crust similar to phyllo dough. The dipping sauce for it was great.Why can't you be in Houston, TX as well? I keep checking every now and then to see if a Burmese restaurant has opened in Houston or if there's one whenever I travel.
What the **** is Burmese cuisine? Irrelevant.The only thing that matters is the food is distinct in both flavor and presentation and is absolutely beyond delicious.Food - 5 starsCustomer service - 5 starsWait time - 1 star (this place is way too crackin')
First time going there. Went there with the fam on a Saturday night at 8pm during Thanksgiving break. Fortunately, I called in ahead of time by approximately 45minutes. Got there, luckily found parking a block away, bunch of people waiting outside, waited for no more than 5 minutes and was seated promptly. Ordered the tea leaf salad and the 5 samusa potsicker w/ sweet and sour sauce(I think that was the sauce) appetizer. Tea leaf salad was pretty good, except for the fact that it was a little too oily. We ordered the nan pia dok w/ jasmine rice, curry with lamb and coconut rice, and a chicken dish that's not worth remembering. The lamb meat wasn't too great because the texture, flavor, and quality of the meat was not what I expected from a decently rated restaurant with multiple reviews recommending this dish. It tasted good but it wasn't delicious. However the curry was delicious. The Nan pia dok or whatever its called was the best dish out of the three, the aroma is strong but flavorful, and it tasted great with a little rice to balance the flavor even though it already had noodles with it. Overall, I agree with the reviews that stated, the food is good and all, but it ain't good enough to wait in line for plus 40 minutes, or even 30 minutes (if you're super hungry); unless of course you've never been there and everytime you walk past the restaurant, you always wondered why there was always such a huge line. Customer service wasn't bad btw.
worth it every time despite the wait, especially the tea leaf salad
Never heard of Burmese cuisine, but headed with my buddy who told me it is well known in the city. There was a line to get in and it was quite packed for such a small mom and pop restaurant. The menu was daunting at first, but I decided to try out the chicken kerbet and had a few nibbles of my friends stuff. One thing I noticed about their food is that they are spicy and many dishes were saucy. Overall, I really did enjoy the food, but I would like to go back and try some of their other stuff as well. Oh and this place is vegetarian friendly!
3-4 stars for Burma. Some dishes were very good and others were really kind of blah. I'm not sure if I'm willing to wait another 1.5+hours for a meal there. Winners:Rainbow Salad. Wow, I was just in love with this salad. There are 22 different ingredients and it reminds me a a Chinese cold noodle dish. I liked how the tamarind sauce was simple but flavorful.Curry pork stew with pumpkin. The pork was very tender and kind of melted in your mouth. The pumpkin pieces were a little too big for my liking, but the overall curry was good.Losers:Chili shrimp. This dish looked SO flavorful but it had no taste whatsoever. Chili also implies spice... which there was none. It was also just kind of oily and not very good.Garlic noodles. My expectations for this dish was SO different from what it actually was. I was expecting noodles stir-fried with lots of garlic and garlic chips and accompanied with a little bit of meat. I'm expecting a LOT of garlic. Instead they weren't really that garlicy and the sauce was almost like soy sauce... It wasn't a BAD noodle dish. It just wasn't what I was expecting.Considering how far Burma is, I probably won't be going back anytime soon. However, if we're in the neighborhood and someone is dying to go (and willing to wait a long time), I wouldn't object to it either.
Much like Pavlov's dog, I drool when I hear my cue, "Burma SuperStar." I crave their food...the samusa soup, all of their salads, the chicken noodles, the grilled fish, etc., etc. We order something different every time and have never had a meal here (or at B Star) we didn't love. It's a little pricey for the neighborhood, there's usually a wait (but you can call ahead to get on the list), and the restaurant is packed tight, but it is oh-so-worth-it. Tips:If you've going with a kiddo and need an extra bit of entertainment, order a coconut water that comes in the coconut. Even at 2 yrs old, my toddler gets a kick out of it.If there's a big wait at Burma SuperStar, simply walk 2 blocks to their sister restaurant B-Star. The menu is a little different, but they've got all the staples and have a great happy hour deal too. Also, don't plan on making out after eating here or plan on making out with someone who has also eaten here...that is to say, it's delicious in part because of fried garlic and onion. And lastly, if you go early enough, skip dessert and head across the street to Pretty Please Bakeshop for amazing cupcakes and homemade twinkies.
Loved the food and service!
i went will a big group (6 people) and only one of us had been there before. we shared 6 main dishes and a tea leaf salad. Defiantly get the tea leaf salad. every dish we had was very good and every one in my party was happy. A little pricey. ($20-25 per person) but over all its worth it.
The buzz about this restaurant is louder than a bee hive and since I love Burmese food, eating at Burma SuperStar was a must. Service is friendly and accomplished - I like how servers deftly mix the often-ordered tea leaf salad (very good) or the 22 ingredient rainbow salad, featured on the Food Network, as the menu proudly proclaims (the salad was a bit of a muddle). The chicken curry was tasty, well matched with coconut rice (a bit mushy). I found the garlic noodles (I ordered mine with BBQ pork) very bland and the same goes for the fried yellow bean tofu which had a bit too much cornstarch for my taste.Sometimes I get this nagging feeling in restaurants that I did not order well - I had this feeling here because no dish excited me as much as I expected. I may want to rectify this by ordering all the "approved" dishes on the must-have list of fellow yelpers.
While visiting local friends in the area, we were warned that taking a bus here would be the best bet as parking is utterly impossible.On a Saturday night, the wait was nearly 2 hours, but there is plenty to do in the immediate area to keep one self busy, including the visit to a very interesting fish shop (you'll know why when you get there), a Japanese candy store, and a used book shop.When we finally arrived at our seats, you could see why the wait was so long, the dining room was very small and crowded, but all of that seems to melt away when trays of food float past your table.The Samusa Soup was amongst the best soups I have ever had. So many flavors. It reminded me of Indian Sambal. The coconut rice is an absolute must and the Burmese Beef Curry was absolutely killer on top of said rice. Rainbow salad was totally scrumptious! The only dish I wasn't too thrilled with was the Sweet and Spicy Chicken. We were totally expecting something else, but received a dish that was too resembling to Orange Chicken. Which is fine if you are trying to be safe (and think Panda Express is Chinese food), but in my opinion had no business being on our dining table, but can totally understand why it would be for others. But really, if you are going for Burmese food, you shouldnt be ordering that anyways...It just doesnt match the depth and complexity of the other incredible flavors. Other than that, hands down one of the best meals we had all week.
Order whatever the staff tells you to! The tea salad was amazing, as were the samosas! You can't go wrong!
I very sincerely want the tea leaf salad and samusa soup to be my last meal. Yes, they are that good. If I lived anywhere close to this place I would frequent it weekly.Don't forget to get a side of lotus chips and thai iced tea to sip on!
worth the wait! the lychi martini is a great addition to any meal as well!
I've visited twice, and can't wait to go again. Loved both the rainbow and tea leaf salads (great to share as an appetizer or light meal). For a heartier meal on a chilly San Francisco evening, try the pumpkin pork stew...mmmmmmm. Sangria with lychee fruit and the Burmese beer-lemonade cooler (and the non alcoholic ginger lemonade) are all delicious and refreshing, too.The customer service really is outstanding, even at the busiest of times.A note on wait times: When we went for a relatively early brunch one Sunday (12 noon), we were sat immediately (score!). When we visited for dinner one evening, however, we did have a 30 minute wait. Solution? Get on the wait list and use your wait time as an excuse to browse at Green Apple Books across the street, of course!
No Burma SuperStar review can be written without addressing the wait...until now. We had a lovely dinner with friendly service and while the top notch menu items hardly need further mention, we were enchanted by the Tea Leaf Salad, Vegetarian Samusas (great sauce!), Fiery Chicken with Tofu, and amazing Tofu Tower. And everything tastes better with coconut rice and ginger lemonade!The Burmese Curry was good but the cocktail shrimp that came with it were okay, while the Pumpkin Pork Stew and SuperStar noodles weren't distinctive. For dessert we also vacillated between the just fine ginger flourless chocolate cake and the fantastic jackfruit banana rolls.Overall Burma SuperStar is one of those restaurants that has a few mindblowing signature dishes with a solid supporting cast, which leaves me in the four-star range. Absolutely worth it if you can stand the long- d'oh!
This restaurant has the best price-quality ratio I've found in SF.
for a small place like burma superstar, food boasts a LOT of flavor and some interesting menu. the wait? WORTH IT. PLEASE.. HAVE SOME PATIENCE! seriously. DEFINITELY not disappointing, at all. from the meat-eaters to the vegan folks.. there's something for everyone. OH, and this is BURMESE FOOD y'all...... something distinctive and truly global. everyone says that you try the TEA LEAF SALAD, but i didn't... i went on another route and ordered the VEGETARIAN NOODLES (served on a room temp and tasted SO FRESHHHHH!).... next time, i WOULD LOVE to try the infamous tea leaf salad. (need to try the hype, per se.)
The food was good, but the place was WAY too hyped up for my taste. There were tons of people in line behind me, and as I feared, they all ended up sitting next to me in the small space, robbing my leg-space and conversation.Then the waiter leaned over me to toss my neighbor's salad (seriously) and I could almost smell his armpits.I pay for food and comfort, not all this show-off fancy shmanciness. Sorry Superstar, you're too cool for my school of thought.
Ate here a few months ago. The food was great but be prepared to pay more for small portions. The salad was well flavored.When it came time to paying for the bill, accidentally pulled out my American Express card... the Waiter mentioned that they don't take that card and if I don't put it away quickly, he'll "hack into my account."Despite the food quality this place has to offer, I refuse to come back to this place due to the inappropriate comment made.
4-star service, 2-star food. While I had a pleasant evening, the food was really... just meh. I dont get the gaga over tealeaf salad except it's featured on food network, it's just salty, fermented, earthy taste all over the iceburg lettuce with a tiny bit of citrus sourness from the lemon. Tastes buds were not pleased, especially when the salad's pricey.Catfish with Burmese curry (tomato based) was pretty nice, the fish was succulent and the curry had great combination of spices- while not being too spicy. Its the best part of the food all evening.We also had a soup... a famous one, first item of their menu. It's also forgettable- Spice in the soup tasted great but the content of the soup is less than impressive.
Let's just say I get Tea Leaf Salad withdrawals....This place has never failed to satiate my hunger pangs. The only thing that is a bit discouraging is how crowded it gets sometimes, especially when you're starving and have to wait half and hour to an hour just to eat. But honestly, once you're in, it's all worth it. Of course, I recommend the tea leaf salad. The platha and dip is a great appetizer to start. On a cold day, the samusa soup is satisfying... it's got great textures for a soup. The coconut rice is also delish! You pretty much can't go wrong at Burma.
My first time here and I had a good experience :).We went right around 5PM so we got seated immediately (I hear the wait can be pretty hefty here). My friend and I were pretty hungry so we went crazy with it and ordered a TON! We started off with the Platha and Dip and some White Sangria. Then we ordered a bunch of entrees: Garlic Noodles w/ Duck, Burmese Style Curry w/ Beef, Garlic Chili Shrimp, and Spicy and Crispy Chicken. We also ordered 2 sides of Jasmine rice, but only got one order which was definitely better considering how much food we ordered.Everything was good except for the Garlic Noodles. I'm a fan of garlic infused foods and sadly, this did not taste garlic-y at all. As noodles, it was good but as garlic noodles, it was a fail for me. Out of everything we ordered, my favorites were the Platha and Dip, the Burmese Style Curry w/ Beef, and the Sangria.Overall, the food and the ambiance was great so I'd definitely come back :).
I dont get it... what is so great about this place that the wait is over an hour?!?! Came here for lunch to avoid the long line, despite that they also have a lunch line. Lucky for us we didnt have to wait and was seated almost immediately.Dishes we got:- tea leaf salad: I found nothing special about this salad. why does everyone like it? Is it cuz it says it's "fermented tea leaf" straight from burma??? it's just salty leaves with a mixture of nuts and veggies... - samosa: 3 samosa to an order. Chicken and potato filled. it was crispy. the filling was okay... i definitely had better samosas... still waiting to discovered why this place is so good.- garlic noodles with duck - not your average vietnamese garlic noodles. nothing special. the duck meat wasn't particularly tasty... nor was the noodles... still not sure why this place is 5 stars...- shrimp kebat: Stir fried shrimp with onions, tomatoes, green chilies, and mint leaves... that sounds good right? reads better than it tastes. Not that spicy. Nothing spectacular. the shrimp wasn't even cooked that well... didn't have that fresh shrimp texture... more like frozen been sitting out... the question still remains... what is everyone waiting an hour for?!?! the food is just eh... is it because it's "hip" to eat burmese food??!? i dont get it...
Burma SuperStar, that is what you areComin' from afar, just to eat your Tea Leaf Salad in my car,Run away with me, to another placeWe can rely on each other, uh huhFrom one corner to another, uh huhForget the NorthStar, whenever I'm lost, I'll just look for you and I'll find my way because every time I'm lost, I come to you and everything gets better again. But what is there to say that hasn't been said already? The service is 6 out of 5 stars except that they try to hurry you up to finish some times since there is always a line. They don't take reservations but if you call in ahead of time, they will put your name down for you. The asian dude that takes care of the reservations/list is hella chill. I put my name down for 7PM but I was late twice (complicated) and he still got me a table when we came back at around 8PM. And I just found out my old friend Kent works there and he, like everyone else, is super knowledgeable and personable.The food? We had the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa soup, Burmese lamb curry, and 2 coconut rices. Every single bite was amazing. You've never had good salad until you try their leaf salad. There is not much more to say about this place except that you should stop reading and just head there RIGHT NOW!
Great food, reasonable prices, wonderful service -- loved it -- will be back regularly!
Is my review, being # 2065, going to make a huge difference? of course not. but I love this place.we went with my bf's parents and his dad goes, "i wonder if anyone has yelped this place - it is sooooo good!" so I guess this is for him :) Now if only I could find something, anything like this in Houston, hell, even Texas..
FINALLY!!We've tried to get in here so many times but did not want to wait the hour & a half that seems to be the standard wait time...We've been to B-Star before, but really wanted to get into the original!Mieda was our server and she was awesome! Attentive and friendly and her recommendations were spot-on. We let her know we were open to anything, had no food allergies, and she recommended a few things, which we decided to try.Tea Leaf Salad -- I've had this before at B-Star, so was already familiar with how yummy this was! The hubby thought it was just "ok" but I'm a real fan of the flavors!Non Pia Dok (Coconut Chicken Curry with flat flour noodles) -- absolutely amazing! Rich and delicious...it helped even out the very spicy 2nd dish which was:Chili Lamb -- dried and fresh chilis....super spicy but awesome (although I am a bit of a wimp when it comes to spice...but the hubby's head was sweating, so I guess that is a good sign, too!!)Those 2 dishes complemented each other very well! We also had to have the Coconut Rice as well as the Walnut Shrimp, which is more of a Chinese dish and Mieda didn't originally recommend this one, but we wanted it and it was delicious as well!!Everything was amazing and we left very happy, with a nice leftover lunch today!!I will definitely be returning here!
Long wait. The food is okay, not great. I don't see what all the fuss is about.
It was good but nothing amazing like everyone hypes it up to be. I don't think it's worth wait to get in or the hassle finding parking in the area. I prefer Pagan Thai over Burma Superstar and there's always an open table and quick service.
Well, aren't you just delicious??This spot is so YUM. It's small, so be prepared to wait for a table (probably for awhile) but the food comes out quickly and the service and quality is top notch. The servers were so friendly and while small and loud, it doesn't feel overwhelming or too crowded.Now, on to the food:Tea Leaf Salad - DELISH. A must order.Chicken Cassarole - good, not amazing, but definitely tastySamosa Soup - sooo good and really hit the spotPlatha and Dip - unexpectedly one of my favorite dishes. the dip is so flavorful We also had some noodles that were a standout. The waiter said they were his favorite and they were definitely yummy.I'll be back. Might try take out since the wait is pretty long, but it's worth it. Check it out.
So, what more is there to say about this place? (1) For dinner, arrive early (6 PM is at the cusp) or be prepared to wait - how will you know? The line going out the door. Fortunately, I came here around 6 PM, and we got in quick. If you're an out-of-towner like myself, the last thing you want to do is wait for a meal, so be prepared...(2) Once you sit down and ready to chow, order the tea leaf salad! It is worthy of the hype that all the reviews say. Very tasty! Must. Get. Even for a NYer like me. I know I'm getting this dish the next time I eat here.
wonderful
Tea Leaf Salad  Tea Leaf Salad  Tea Leaf Salad!!!The Samusas were mighty tasty, the pork belly and spicy shrimp (name leaves me)... but oh my goodness the Tea Leaf Salad!!! I could eat the entire thing all by myself and plan to on my next visit! Also have the Burma Ginger Cooler before what little heat we had this summer goes way.
There's a long wait even at 530 PM. The restaurant is small and there's only one bathroom in the restaurant. SO, that means if you need to go potty, look forward to waiting in line. That one bathroom only has one toilet, and it's unisex. Waiting in line can be a hassle too because it's right in ront of the kitchen so you're blocking the kitchen roadways which I don't think is a very good idea considering safety.We first got the famous Tea leaf salad that the food network said was good. It was a very interesting salad. Mixed with fermented tea leaves, which I thought was really interesting. The waiter gives a short description of the ingredients in the salad and then mixes it all together. Its not my style, but apparently it is to others.We also ordered I think the orange chicken. That was okay. Chicken was too dry or something, but the sauce was DELISH.The lotus was okay too. I like the fact that this restaurant had a variety of rice choices. From coconut to jasmine rice. Overall, I think this restaurant was a-okay.
LOVE!!!Get the rainbow salad and a coconut!
I've never had Burmese food anywhere but here...and Burma Superstar gives me little reason to explore elsewhere. I'm pretty sure this is the best it gets!You should def have the tea leaf salad! It's extremely fresh and flavorful and was featured on the Food Network. The samusa soup was also featured on the food network and is delicious. It's a lot heavier than I expected, so it may leave little room for main entrees. Must have the coconut rice! I'm tempted to go back someday to OD on the coco rice alone. It's super sticky and tasty...just the way white rice should be.I ordered the shrimp curry and the garlic chili prawns. Both were good, although I was so full by that point that I had trouble judging the taste. My friends had the SHAN noodles and said it was horrible. Apparently it tasted like licorice noodles...so if that's not your thing, stay away.Parking in that neighborhood is tough and the wait tends to run long, plus they don't take reservations. On the upside, they serve hot tea outside while you wait.Plan ahead and enjoy!
Oh man. It was quite delicious, but I've gotta say it was on the pricey side. $40 for lunch for two people was just a bit steep, but I'm really glad we came here for our first Burmese experience!We had the vegetarian samusas, Burmese style curry lamb, and some noodles that had a bajillion flavors but was oh so good. We also had some coconut rice. Everything was quite impressive and it was overall a very pleasant experience. It's not exactly quiet in there, because the place is very popular and it gets packed (we went for lunch on a Saturday). I loved everything I ate here, though, and the waiters and waitresses were very nice. Also, the bathroom was clean. Bahaha. :D
Awesome!
Three words!! TEA LEAF SALAD!!!!!Love the fact they will call you when your table is ready. Then you can go grab a beer across the way while you wait!
First time having Burmese food and it was amazing. The service was great too. I would definitely come back. It's worth the wait!!
Ok, this food, is typically amazing. However, the wait is always long. The service typically sucks and last time I ate their my boyfriend and I totally got sick from something we ate there. Hopefully it won't happen again because this lady LOVES the tea salad.
Not sure what the hype is all about. Definitely not worth the long wait. We ordered the tea leaf salad, the catfish chowder and a side of coconut rice. Nothing was really memorable. The tea leaf salad is tangy but it's an acquired taste. I personally felt the coconut rice was too sweet for their salty dishes. The catfish chowder tasted like chunks of fried batter--hardly saw nor tasted any catfish. Definitely no jolt in the taste buds that would bring us back if we were to ever be in the SF area again.
Food - WOWZA!!! Very crowded, but that's a sign of a good thing. I've been dreaming about the sesame chicken for a week.
Sometimes a restaurant transcends being just about the food and becomes an experience - the food at Burma SuperStar, combined with the super friendly staff and fun atmosphere, take it way over the top.The wait out front is a bit long most nights, but don't let that dissuade you - it's worth the wait, and hanging out front and having some tea can be fun (or you can head down the street to the Green Apple bookstore and pick up a few gems!).The menu has an amazing range of Burmese items, along with some more novel creations. The tea leaf salad is everything you've heard, and the sauteed pork-belly and chili lamb are simply epic. I look forward to returning to explore the menu further!
I love this place! I also really miss this place now being down in San Jose and that much further away from it. After a long and tiring day at work my husband surprises me by driving all the way up to SF and bringing me back some Burma SuperStar. *major kudos to the hubs*After squealing in excitement for the blissful surprise, we dug in! Starter was the samosas with their slightly spicy sauce. Amazing! Then had the tea leaf salad which you just can't replicate at any other Burmese restaurant (trust me, I've tried). It was glorious! The flavor profile is spot on! Then we had the coconut chicken noodle soup which definitely hit comfort food level satisfaction. Not your average chicken noodle soup, but it will definitely get the job done. Unfortunately, we were working our way towards being uncomfortable full so I just had a small taste of the pork curry with jasmine coconut rice and even that was heavenly. This is definitely one time where I don't mind eating leftovers.Thank you to Burma SuperStar for making such an amazing take-out meal for me and my hubs to enjoy. It was stupendous and I can't wait to eat here again.
Highlights:Tea Leaf Salad- fried garlic....kill me!Samusa Soup- crispy pieces of samusa throughoutPork Curry with Potatoes served with Tan PoiLowlights:Parking can be trickyPricey
If you like flavor and heat, than Burma SuperStar is the place for you. Be warned though, the wait could be long and you could end up eating 2 dinners. Why 2 dinners? Well, the business saavy people at Burma SuperStar came up with the brilliant idea of opening up a "waiting station" of sorts known as B Star Bar and located just a few store fronts down. At B Star Bar, an hour goes by with a quickness. And that is because you are so busy liquoring yourself up with their delicious soju cocktails and an assortment of tasty appetizers that you don't realize how much you've eaten and how much time has passed. Half a rib in and pieces of chicken satay still dangling from your mouth your phone rings and it is the nice hostess at Burma SuperStar letting you know that your second dinner awaits...Here are the recommended dishes to get at Burma SuperStar on a nearly full stomach:Tea Leaf Salad - exploding with flavorVegetarian Samusa Soup - exploding with flavorBurmease Style Curry - exploding with flavorCoconut Rice - you'll need it for the curry Eggplant with Garlic Sauce - again...exploding with flavor
This place is delicious. Always full of people with a long wait, so get there early and be prepared to work up an appetite waiting. It's well worth the wait.Highlights of the menu are:-tea leaf salad-platha and dip-salt and pepper chicken-garlic chili shrimp-khao soy (this was not as wonderful as I had hoped, though I am spoiled)Bottom line - go here. Wait. Enjoy. And plan to return.
This place blew my mind. Not only was the service great and the staff extremely friendly, but the food had so much different flavors that it was hard for me not to stop eating. It was a little crowded when I went but that didn't bother me once I was seated. However, my only complaint would have to be the smell of the food that just sticks to your clothes once you leave. Don't get me wrong, the food smells incredible, but when it sticks to your clothes for hours on in and you're forced to air them out overnight, that is a little "different." So be prepared...and ENJOY!
I was always intrigued by this restaurant because whenever I'm on Clement Street, I always see people waiting outside. I finally decided to try it. The first time I came here with my boyfriend right at 5pm (right when it opens) so we could be seated right away.After we ate here, we returned a few more times =) Their food is very good but there were also dishes I wasn't a big fan of.We've ordered their famous Tea Leaf Salad. The first time we tried it the server came out and explained all the different ingredients that came with the salad. I honestly don't remember what he said because he named about 20 different ingredients but it was delicious!We also ordered their Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil. It was good, but not memorable. Another time we ordered the Burmese Style Curry. I wasn't a huge fan, but perhaps I'm just used to Thai style curry or Indian curry. The taste was different.Burma SuperStar has good food and I will continue to come here if I crave the Tea Leaf Salad, but it's not one of my favorites.
Dear Burma SuperStar,   You hurt so GOOD.Your food is so so so HOT but so GOOD! I am in love with your Samosa Soup but that is just the beginning of it... I heart everything on your menu... I crave your coconut rice every day....Your food is so spicy that I sweat my way through each meal but I cannot stop myself because you are just so darn good. Thank you for all the delicious meals and leftovers you have provided. Miss you Burma Superstar. I will see you soon.Love,Jessica
-- Best Burmese Restaurant --Tea Leaf Salad - Light and tasteful!Vegetarian Samusa Soup - Crunchy, hot, and yummy!Fiery Chicken with Tofu - Saucy, tofu kind of thicker and harder and the green beans are goodNan Pia Dok - Light curry, soft noodles, and the tendered chickenCoconut Rice - Simple rice with a touch of coconutWalnut Shrimp - Crispy with caramelized walnutsService - Good and friendlyParking - Good luck finding one off of Clement.Wait - Come before it opens.. there's already a crowd outside waiting to get seatingDessert - Go across the street to Genki for crepes or egg puffsNote - I checked in on Yelp and got a free Thai Tea! Thanks Yelp!!!!
First time trying Burmese food so I'm not sure if this place tasted authentic or not. However, I like that they give you a call to tell you there is a table ready when there is a wait. Meaning you can explore the streets without having to worry about not knowing your table is ready. The food is on the pricey side but it's pretty good. However, their portions are what I would consider to be pretty small specially for the price, but don't be afraid to order more. I recommend the curry eggplant cause that dish stood out the most amongst all of the other dishes we had. We also tried their sesame beef, crispy chicken?, coconut rice, and garlic noodles and the samusa appetizer. I would not recommend getting the samusas cause it was way too expensive for what seemed to be wrapped up mashed potatoes. I guess if you've never tried like my friends and I, it's worth trying at least once. The garlic noodles were very oily and there wasn't as yummy of a garlic flavor as I wish it had but not bad. The crispy chicken was pretty good as it had a light coating of batter and a huge chunk of chicken. The sesame beef wasn't anything special. The workers are very nice. Don't forget to mention you checked in on yelp or fb to get a free thai tea. If you are going to come super hungry like my friends and I did, you're going to want to order everything on the menu cause staring at the tables around you, you will see something else that looks good and that you want to try. I say order family style with friends so you can try everything. =]
I had only came to Burma Superstar once in my life, but man did that one experience earn this cute little diamond in the rough a 5 in my book!After a long day at work, my BF picked me up with a group of his friends for a night out to experience a Chinese/Burmese fusion that was apparently featured in the Food Network a couple of months back.We arrived, luckily, before the start of the dinner rush (6p) on a Friday evening. It took us forever to find parking and ended up parking nearly 1/4 mi away (damn SF parking!). Our friends put our names on the list and the total wait time was less than 15 min. We were easily entertained by the menus that featured exotic dishes that we had never tasted in our lives.Of all the dishes we had ordered, I remember enjoying the Tea Leaf Salad (a smorgasbord of flavors exploding in your mouth) and Walnut Shrimp (perfection) and Poodi (Potato Curry). I love dishes that aren't your traditional wanton soup, general tso's curry, etc., so it was a real treat to get real exotic meals that satisfied my every culinary craving that night.Their decor was your traditional Asian Fusion, set in a very small room (max capacity had to be less than 70 ppl). The staff was relatively attentive; cleanliness was a little cleaner than your average Chinese Resto. I didn't like the loud noise that erupted as the capacity was reached with dinner patrons lightly shouting just so that they can hear their conversations amidst the general noise in the small space.
There's always a friggin line out the door here. Which is fine to me, it just means the food is good. I'm not a big fan of waiting lists and "no reservations". That's okay though. It just motivates me to get there earlier and eat an inconvenient times. You have to put your name on a clipboard. They will even call you if you want to venture out somewhere. That's another hint that you will have to wait a long time, if it means they'd offer to call you when its your turn. Burma SS is great. The food here is authentic and fresh and consistent. Great variety of vegetarian, seafood, curries, noodles, and salads. There is something for everyone here. I love the Superstar noodles, the Bun Tay Kaswer, yellow curry, sesame chicken and mango salad. Lunch here is easier to avoid the line and waiting list. Parking is tough. It's Clement Street after all.
legit spot, love the dishes here.
I went here for dinner with some friends around 6:30pm. Dinner rush was in full effect, so we waited about 45 mins. However, the wait was worth it.What we ordered:Rainbow Salad (featured on Food Network)- Salad made with 22 different ingredients. Four types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, dried shrimp, (or vegetarian) and a tamarind dressingNan Gyi Dok- Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onionBurmese Style Curry- Burma SuperStar's special curry. Braised until tender with potatoes (with our meat selection of lamb)Coconut Rice- Aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with fried onionsThe rainbow salad was outstanding and probably one of the best salads I've ever had! A mixture of 22 different ingredients tossed table-side by the waiter as they explain each element of the salad. It's a nice little touch to experiencing this amazing dish. The salad ranges from crunchy to soft, to sweet & sour, to salty yet light because of all the various ingredients. Writing about it doesn't do it justice, you'll just have to try it for yourself.While the salad was a high point, the rest of the meal didn't disappoint. The burmese rice noodles tasted excellent with the coconut curry sauce. It's creamy-sweetest paired well with the eggs.The special curry was thick & hearty. Served with potatoes and lamb, it definitely was the heaviest part of the meal. I enjoyed it thoroughly with our sides of coconut rice (my newest rice desire).
Does Burma Superstar really need another positive review? Why not? The food here is exceptional and the wait well-worth it. The pea greens are my favorite, the curries being a little too rich for me but my meat-eating friends love the curries and all the meat dishes there. if the wait is too long, no reason to not go down the street to their other restaurant.
Well you probably don't need any more proof about this place being great. I came here 1.5 years ago and ordered the nan gyi dok, and to this day I still remember how delicious it was.Good luck getting a seat. Mandalay couple of blocks away is really good as well
I used to enjoy the cheap, delicious food here. Now I can't even look at the place without getting angry. To the new owners who promised to keep everything the same: Why did you ruin my restaurant with unnecessary renovations and jacked up prices I can no longer afford? I fucking hate you. BTW, the bathroom is still stinky and unclean. Way to keep it real.UPDATE... Okay, I met the owner. He is super nice. I am still angry, though.
Brought my girlfriend here on the advice of Yelpers for an early dinner then a movie. I have a mixed review of this restaurant, but I will try to be as objective as possible considering what happened. Read on... It has a happy ending.We were prepared to wait so the 30 minutes wasn't that bad, especially since they made some very delicious tea available. Most of the other groups were resigned to waiting as well and walked the blocks of inner Richmond for a while.A lot of people walked by with their out-of-neighborhood friends and said things like, "Oh, and this is Burma Superstar! It's awesome."Best bet? Call ahead 20 minutes and they'll put you on the waiting list.Our server was shy so not much to say about the customer service inside. The host at the entrance, though, was very communicative and friendly. Really excellent.The interior is beautiful! The tables aren't your typical cheap wood. They seemed to be made of a very fine dark wood, which was surprising considering this place wasn't expensive.Anyway, I took the advice of Yelpers and ordered the salt and pepper chicken as an appetizer. The included sauce was great with it. Nice and spicy. Highly recommend it.We ordered the Superstar Vegetarian Noodles and Spicy and Crispy Chicken as entrees. The chicken was awesome. Like an incredible version of chinese orange chicken with very light spicing. The Vegetarian noodles came out cold as advertised and were spicy. I didn't try any, but my girlfriend did.And there's the rub... she had them. Then we went and saw a movie. And right about when we were going to catch a bus to go home she asked if we could hail a cab. The cabbie was chatty and the next time I looked at my girlfriend her hand was against the door like she was going to open it and she had a hand over mouth. Crap. Food poisoning.Needless to say, she had a bad rest of the night. She felt fine in the morning though and called Superstar to let them know. They were mortified and extremely apologetic. Just be careful ordering room temperature food, people. I still ate my leftovers and was fine.A great spot with great food. I wish I could recommend it more wholeheartedly because we both enjoyed the food when it was going down.
Burma SuperStar is outrageously popular, but for good reason. We were lined up outside the door 15 minutes before they even opened, and at first I was worried we might not even get one of the first tables!That said, I think this is one of those places that can live up to the hype. The tea leaf salad is different from the few other interpretations of it that I've had, but it was a delicious medley of fresh flavors.But oh my goodness, the **Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice**. Per their menu: "Braised chicken leg (on the bone) and shrimp buried in a claypot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts." It was, in a word, divine. I tend to be a little picky about what parts of the chicken I'll eat, but, well, ... I was cracking the chicken bones and sucking the marrow out of these ones. Is that too much? Perhaps.It was a nice touch, too, that we got a free thai iced tea by checking in on Yelp.Beautiful restaurant, spectacular food. Come super early, or bring good company for while you wait for your table. :)
Absolute Fav!
DREAM FOOD!We make sure to come here every time we're back in the city. AMAZING flavors. Everything on the menu is yummy. Believe all the hype -- it is that good!The only bad thing is that everyone else in town also knows how good the food is... long waits... get here early to avoid standing outside for 30minutes to an hour.
Make a phone call for their famous tea leaf salad and coconut rice to go. When i get there to pick up my order there was already so many people get in the waiting list for their table.The tea leaf was awesome! But the coconut not as great as i thought. I only like the fried garlic or something on top of the rice. Overall i give this place 4 stars! Will be back for their rainbow salad next time.
Tea leaf salad. Explosion of flavor in your mouth. Get it! You totally won't regret it (:
Showed up with less than hour before closing on a Friday night and we were seated after waiting a brief period of time, something like five minutes. We ordered garlic noodles with duck, some kind of spicy lamb, and brown rice. Everything was perfect. I was hooked the minute I shoved some of this tasty grub in my mouth. Service did not disappointment either. I went back to the Oakland location a week later and tried new items -- I think I'm confident enough to say you can order anything off the menu and you'll fall in love the way I did. All I want is Burmese food now. The San Francisco location appeared to be a little smaller -- a little more cozier, intimate vibe. If you've never had Burmese food -- start here and order ANYTHING.
Tea leaf salad. I've eaten here and the one in alameda. this is the dish i keep coming back to. key is a reservation. heck of a wait otherwise. and when there are so many good places to eat out in SF or alameda i'd be hard-pressed to wait too long.
I've only lived in San Francisco for 3 weeks and I've been to Burma SuperStar three times already! I recommend going during lunch hours if you can, the 2 times we've done this we were able to be seated immediately. Hmmm..their vegetarian samusa soup? Incredible! And definitely get the curried lamb with a side of coconut rice. And don't miss the lychee mojitos!  I didn't really care for the tea leaf salad though, but I think it was also because it was $10. Nevertheless, their food is so fresh and consistent, their service is friendly and inviting, and their prices are so reasonable.
The food is always amazing. Went there for a second time on NYE and had the tea leaf salad, spicy crispy chicken and garlic noodles. SO GOOD! Worth the long wait hands down.
My visit to Burma Superstar was my first experience with Burmese cuisine, so I really have no basis of comparison, but I have to say, I LOVED what had. The tea leaf salad is a must order. It's very complex and layered flavors. The fermented tea leaf does have a distinct flavor and I could see a lot of people not liking it, but I really enjoyed its unique flavor.In addition to the tea leaf, there are lots of ingredients including fried garlic, sesame seeds, lettuce, tomatoes and lemon. The combination is fresh, flavorful and filling. I can't wait to go back and try some other menu items.
IDK if I would say this is as good as it gets, I've only had burmese food twice, once being here and another time in NY where the restaurant eventually closed. I wouldn't know what to look for with a cuisine like this and must base this review solely on tastes.Well- it tasted fricken delicious. The wait- worthwhile. The hostess tried to encourage us to go to B-Star, a sister restaurant with a limited menu but since I don't come often to SF, I wasn't about to take a chance and miss out on the main location & I'm glad I did. They offered tea to the freezing customers waiting for a seat which was a great touch- except some cups were dirty and the tea was gone before I could fill up a cup for my friend. Eh..well..what can u expect- it was free and sitting on a cart outside.When we got in, my friend and I ordered the samosa soup, tea leaf salad, okra egg curry & curry eggplant. The soup and tea leaf salad were unlike anything I had ever tasted! Well, I've had a samosa before but in a soup? For realz- that's good and I'd like to shake the hand of the man that thought to serve it that way. Of the two main dishes, the curry eggplant definitely was the winner. I liked the okra egg curry but it wasn't what I was expecting. It was boiled eggs, cut in half and then sauteed with okra, I was assuming it would be a lil more scrambled but I still enjoyed it. Whatever 'surprise' i got from the okra egg curry was made up with the curry eggplant. Great combination, great flavor, the eggplant didn't dominate the dish nor did the curry, it was a great balance of basic flavors cooked to perfection.Again- please open up shop in NY. I'm salivating as we speak.
I love the food here,especially tea salad and pork belly. Yumm
Recently, I stopped by for dinner with two friends. The place was packed and, after an hour and a half wait, we enjoyed a delicious meal of some unique dishes.I love the fermented tea leaf salad. Wow, what incredible flavors. Of course, being an Indian food lover, I had to have the samusa soup as well. How wonderfully spicy and satisfying.If you plan to go to Burma SuperStar, call ahead and leave your name, number in your party and cell phone number. I have never heard any other restaurant do this before, but if you can avoid the wait in the chilly Richmond area by doing this, give them a call.
Wow! Really? The tea leaf salad gave me food poisoning. It was almost immediately after I got through half of it. And it wasn't even good. Hubby didn't feel good and suffered the next day. I had to leave in a rush back to the B&B cause I didn't want to be sick in their nasty bathroom. The couple bites I had of my main dish and spouse's dish were not impressive either.
Soooo gooood! Went for lunch with the hubby, first time ever trying Burmese food! Ordered the Chili lamb-based on yelp reviews, and Chicken Curry. Excellent! Chili lamb tasted a bit like mongolian beef, slightly more sweeter and again it was a bit like it. Chicken Curry-had a more Indian taste to it, but still very good-spicy a bit but nice to wet the brown rice in! (oh and choice of Brown or White Rice for both entrees!)Ordered the Thai Iced tea..I think that is what its called, yummmmmy! Hubby had a cooler beer-so good. Then we decided to try the black rice coconut pudding...amazing!!! Service was quick, no line during lunch hour, and overall very impressed with this place. Definitely going back :)Parents: We are parents too, even though we were on a date, we thought it would be nice to bring our son there only during lunch hour. Dinner time, seems it would be too crowded and a bit hectic with a toddler! We see a lady with an infant, and she seemed perfectly fine!
Love it. Love it. Love it.My friend and I were hanging out in the Richmond area and it was fast approaching dinner time. Our stomachs were grumbling and we were in search of the perfect spot to eat at. To the right of us we see a bustling restaurant filled with patrons. We knew we had found a good place to try out.Burma SuperStar...I LOVE YOU! The food was DELICIOUS here.We started with the chicken samusas-perfectly crisped with the perfect sauces paired with it. Our waitress was super fast with our drinks and food, which I always appreciate since I am very impatient.For entrees, my friend and I had the mango chicken and walnut shrimp. OMG both were out of this world. Overall, each dish was rich with flavors and I cannot wait to go back and try out the rest of the dishes on their menu!
Long wait! Excellent cafe across the street! Staff are nice, tea leaf salad was super tasty and the rest of the food, nothing that memorable.Too packed as the seating is limited and we found ourselves sitting in the line of the entrance. Being a cold and windy day it was rather uncomfortable.
Food was good, with lots of great options. I went there with a large group, so we were able to try a lot of different options.However, the line was just ridiculous. I mean absurd. We called ahead when we were on our way to get our name on the list, then we still had to wait an additional hour before we got seated (no reservations), and this was on a Tuesday night.The food was good, but I can't say it's that much better than other ethnic Burmese or Chinese places. And the prices are ok, but not great.I wouldn't hesitate to go back, if the line was shorter. Just not sure it was 'that' special.
After calling ahead and getting on the list, the maniac drive to the Inner Richmond could have been a scene from a Die Hard sequel. We swerved and skirped around exploding trucks, drove off a cliff, and landed in a helicopter. All the while, I received increasingly urgent threats from the hostess that she was about to give up our seats. What a rush.But we made it in time, and got a window seat! The mission turned out to be well worth it, we took our very charming waitress' suggestions for pretty much everything and were not disappointed. My personal favorites were whichever soup was on the Food Network, and the two salads. Amazing. We also ordered a bunch of other goodies, a flavorful mixture of spicy, smokey, and creamy. And the night was beautifully wrapped up when I walked in on some girl pooping. Hilarious and embarrassing on both ends. But seriously folks, please lock the bathroom doors.
i can only speak to the takeout, but we definitely enjoyed our meal from here. we ordered pickup, and the process was easy and quick- call in and order and the food was ready in 20 minutes with no wait when we arrived.we got the chicken casserole, tea leaf salad, and garlic noodles with duck. everything was really delicious and fresh. the cardamom rice in the casserole was flavorful, though super heavy and the garlic noodles were really tasty. i think i prefer the tea leaf salad from mandalay, though.delicious! i would absolutely come back here.
Hands down the best and affordable Burmese food in the Bay Area
This is a great place. I have been coming here for over 15 years.Service is good, food excellent. The one dish I repeatedly go back to ordering, after trying other dishes,is the beef Kebat. It is a very good taste sensation combining spices and tomatoes. It is also good with tofu. My friend would order it with tofu as a substitute for a meat, then eventually the Tofu Kebat officially appeared as a menu item. On a chilly foggy night it is worth waiting outside for your party to be called for an open table, sipping tea provided by the restaurant.
Very good food and tasty. Only issue is you have to wait forever to get a table, or just go at 6PM on a weekday if you don't want to wait.
Just moved here from Chicago and amazed at the concept of Burmese food. So, i tried both Mandalay and Burmese Superstar. Burmese Superstar does not live up to the hype. They do not take reservations but they will put your name on a list if you call an hour beforehand and will even phone you when your name is up. After an hour wait, I was STARVING... anything would have tasted delicious at that point. However the food was subpar and definitely not as good as Mandalay..My friends and I ordered:1. Burmese Style Curry - EH. Nothing special and kinda boring. - one person ordered with Shrimp, and two ordered with beef. The shrimp one is different, redder and spicier sauce. Both dishes had practically no vegetables (except huge chunks of potato in the beef one) and was just ok...2. Nan Gyi Dok - "mild coconut chicken rice noodle curry" - my friend hated it. It was like they just took noodles and poured it over with milk coconut until it became a soup. It was bland and way too milky. The best thing about the dinner was ... wait for it.. the Tea Leaf Salad. Like all these ratings say, the tea lead salad was the BOMB diggity. A mixture of so many flavors and textures! At first, i was a little scared when the waiter said, "fermented" tea leaves, but oh was i pleasantly surprised. Overall, I would definitely come back only for the tea leaf salad. Maybe I'll come during the day to avoid the one hour wait. As for the other dishes on the menu, i say.. overrated.
Food is great. Had chilly lamb, tea leaf salad, noodles superstar, coconut rice, samosa, mango salad and shrimp superstar. Favorite was shrimp and tea leaf salad. The reason for the 4 stars is the wait. Even after calling an hour before and placing our name on the wait list, we still had to wait another hour after we got there. The matre d is amazing. She has a very stressful job.
A very popular place in SF!!! Tried the tea leaf salad, and WOW! it was so good! never really had anything like this before. the concept seems simple, but the combination of everything into a salad is refreshing and so tasty! definitely worth going back again!
OK, I admit it. I gave in to the hype. I waited two hours. On a weeknight. In the cold.Seriously? Not worth the hype! I felt really rushed after we finally sat down, in a cramped space. We ordered some specialty items (samusas and tea leaf salad are a must). But it wasn't anything special, and I wouldn't do it again.Not unless I didn't have to wait. I heard it was better during lunchtime, but I no way of proving it.
Okay, I will admit this is the first time I've had Burmese food so my 3-star rating is not due to the fact that this Burmese food was not up to par. My rating is based on the taste of Burmese cuisine in comparison with all the other dining options in San Francisco. I got there on a Monday night around 6:45 and there was nobody outside to take down my name. I wanted to write my own name down on the list but there was no pencil. Apparently, because it was cold, the restaurant decided it didn't need to provide attentive service.The good thing about the 30-minute wait is they take down your phone number and call you when your table is ready, but you still better be in the area. I walked next door to Quickly and drank a boba milk tea.Of course I ordered the tea leaf salad that everyone raves about. 1) yes, the presentation looks nice 2) it is different 3) the flavors are good, but again, there are many things in life that taste much better. And while they rave that the tea leaves are from Burma, I can't help but think that tea leaves from anywhere else would taste the same. I ordered the beef curry that many Yelpers recommended, and that was good, nothing spectacular, but good. The weird thing is, I have never been to a restaurant where rice didn't come with the curry until I came to Burma Superstar. You have to order the rice separately.I also had a coconut noodle dish. The reason I ordered it is because the appetizers are pretty pricey and cost the same as many of the entrees. The waitress suggested this one, but be warned, if you don't like coconut, do NOT order anything with coconut in the description---the taste is overpowering.Would I come here again? Perhaps. But not if there's a wait and not if I haven't tried the other restaurants in the area yet.
i think we ordered the wrong things.tea leaf salad (too crunchy)rainbow salad (just ok)Nan Gyi Dok (coconut noodles)(just ok)Pumpkin Pork Stew (just ok)burmese style curry (beef)(just ok)garlic chili shrimp (tasty but small portions)Burmese Traditional Rice Salad (best dish we ordered)i would suggest ordering the riblettes or the chili lamb. we saw someone else who ordered it. and it looked really good.
Tremendous. Flavorful. The tea leaf salad will have you coming back again and again.
Came here for dinner with the boyfriend and a friend. The wait wasn't as bad as we thought it would be, and it's nice because they do offer tea for you when you wait.We ordered the Samusa Soup, rainbow salad, mango chicken and Nan Gyi Dok noodles. The samusa soup is amazing. I could eat the whole bowl myself. The Rainbow salad, was ok, as was the nan gyi dok. I did love the mango chicken too. So fresh and light and delicious.It was a great meal and to top it off we had coconut rice...yummy!
Obviously this place had to be good with this many reviews on yelp. I was a newbie to burmese food and knew that I was going to like it. As we approached to go into this place we knew there was going to be a bit of a wait. We asked how long it was going to be and were hushed by the host.  He wasn't super friendly but was efficient and even told us some of the things we should get when we asked him what was good. It was apparently a quiet night, though it was packed. The food was amammmmmazing. The Tea Leaf Salad is as good as all the reviews claim it is. Next time I go I want to get a double order. The food came out really fas, which is a plus. Not a place to go if you want to camp out for a bit as you feel a bit rushed to get out by the people waiting right outside the window.
I try to come here whenever I'm in San Francisco. The whole experience is awesome because although there is a bit of a wait...while you wait, you can enjoy a delicious cider with a cinnamon stick at the blue danube coffee house and stop in at Park life to browse the excellent little art gallery in the back and the amazing art and design book selection. Then once you've had the best wait of your life, head over to Burma for some delicious food.I'm a fan of the classics: the tea leaf salad and samusa soup.Also order: burmese vegetarian samusas, any vegetarian noodle dish, deep fried string beans, platha, coconut rice, and the tofu tower are all awesome. Can't wait to go back for more...
Waited in line for about an hour with my impatient brother and dad. Thank God the food was amazing and service (once seated) was quick.That tea leaf salad is no joke. Amazing flavors. Can't wait to go back and wait in line again. Next time I'll bring a sidewalk beverage for the wait.
Burma Super Five Star!!!Sure, the lines can be intimidating, frustrating and maybe, even a turn off. But, once you get in and taste the food, you'll understand why people flock here. I mean, no tourist will say "I had a day in San Francisco and hung out at Burma SuperStar on Clement." It's the locals who know about this. They bring their friends, and their friends bring their friends and so on and so forth. In my case, I am fortunate to have cousins who live right on Clement. With so many great food establishments in the area, I think they're starting to suspect that we visit more for the food than for them. LOL!Anyhow, knowing that there would be a line, we called, put in our party's name and figured we'd browse around other neighboring shops while waiting. The last time, when we couldn't afford to wait, the host offered to call their sister restaurant down the block, an Asian Fusion place called the B-Star. But, we were certain we'd be back sometime anyway.  So definitely try, as much as possible, the Burmese Dishes. The Tea Leaf Salad was nothing like I've tasted before. In fact, to date, it's made it to the top of our list of favorite salads. Then, there's the Moh Hinga, their catfish chowder. It might be quite strong in flavor for some people but it is definitely a unique and delicious soup. I find that squeezing some lemon helps neutralize the flavor. We tried the Burmese Style Lamb Curry and Fried Rice, which our kids loved. Yes, our kids. Despite the poll saying this place isn't good for kids, they have booster seats and they were quite accommodating to our little ones. The kids loved the chowder as well.Service was fast and I agree that they do not rush you. The host is quite alert and makes sure everyone is taken care of. We will definitely come back, even if we have to wait with a complimentary hot cup of tea, under the electric heater.
Everything I tasted on the menu here was delicious. Initially I was nervous that it was being over hyped, but the food did not disappoint. I loved the Tea Salad the textures and flavors were so interesting never a dull moment. I also loved the Rainbow salad. Of the mains my favorite was the Chicken Dahl. The look of it was not that appealing but the flavors were wonderful. The Superstar Shrimp was great as well. The atmosphere is lively and hip. Only drag is that they don't take reservations, but we lucked out and had a short wait!
Clearly it's already said a gazillion times before...this place is really damn good.The waiting sucks but I either go at weird times or order takeout if I'm really impatient.Anyway, my faves (I pretty much don't deviate from this):-tea leaf salad (SOOOO good, no exaggeration)-nan gyi dok (curried chicken with noodles, love it)-bean thread noodle soup (tasty and warming)-pea shoots sauteed in garlic, wine (i'm drooling)i've also tried some curries (not my preference), the samusas (tasty), and the coconut rice topped with fried garlic and shallots (very very tasty).**********2/10/9: Ok, I have to update because I've discovered some new dishes that I've been missing out on! My new favorite thing (besides the tea leaf salad) is the burmese style fried rice. OMG SO GOOD!!!! Brown rice fried with yellow beans and some kind of magic. Seriously. I also tried the Jyet See Kauswer (sp?) - flat noodles with garlic and roast duck. I like it more than the Nan Gyi Dok because it's lighter and I have more room to eat a million other things.  Yum-oh!
As frequent visitors to Clement St., we've always been curious about Burma Superstar. It was our anniversary and instead of going to a fancy french restaurant, we decided to have dinner there last night and boy did this place live up to expectations. Knowing ahead of time that this place was popular, small and it was a Friday evening we decided to have an early dinner. Arriving at around 5:40 pm, not only was there no line outside the door but as we walked up to the entrance, we were to told come right in. Inside of 30 minutes, we sat down, they took our order and got our first item to us...Tea Leaf Salad. Items we ordered:Tea Leaf Salad: Soo good! Must try. Great flavorsVegetarian Samusa Soup: Again, great flavorOh Noh Kauswer (coconut chicken noodle soup): Must try. DeliciousSuperstar Vegetarian Noodles: A bit spicy but still goodBurmese Style Curry (Beef): Loved the curry flavor, meat was so tenderBraised Pork Belly with String Beans: Got ours with Bok Choy. GoodCoconut Rice: Loved the infused coconut milkThe service we received from the staff was 10 out of 10. The staff member that brought us out our Tea Leaf Salad explained to us the ingredients and then tossed the salad for us at our table. The restaurant was packed but they still manage to refill our water before our glass were empty, they came by to check on us with out being to overbearing. Everyone was smiling, welcoming and polite. Couldn't have been a more enjoyable first time experience. Suffice it to say, we will definitely be back.
Terrific food, long waits
I love the tea-leaf salad... However, I am writing to let readers know that, we found a piece of gray hair in our noodle dish... We didn't complain, although we should, but my friend was too nice to make the store look bad in front of other guests/dinners who were there. But I need to let people know what to expect.Besides, I had way better curry and lamb than what they offered... :-/I was pretty much disappointed.
Do believe the hype. As expected we had to wait about 15 minutes but had the characters of Clement Street to keep us amused - I particularly liked the tiny girl scoffing a whole chocolate brownie crepe prior to walking in to Burma Superstar for lunch. Luckily this wasn't a negative reflection on Burma Superstar's portion size. We had the tea and rainbow salads and I loved that our server listed all the (combined 30+) ingredients prior to mixing. The salads were followed by two Burmese curries - one beef and one prawn. Both tasty, especially soaking into the coconut rice. The beef curry had the complexity of a Rendang but felt a little heavy against the other brighter dishes we tried. The salads were certainly the 'superstar' namesake here.  We were too full and satisfied to cross the street for chocolate brownie crepes for dessert.
amazing food worth the wait!
Food was very delicious. Each bite was so flavorful! I especially like their coconut rice; its subtle coconut flavor makes rice so much better! Flavors were so rich that I found myself not being able to eat as much, but it was good anyhow.I can't say this is one of my favorites, but I still loved it and I'll come back when I get a chance. Finding parking was not so delightful, but then again, I am from a suburb in southern california and wasn't used to city parking.
This place rocks and is well worth any time you may have to wait in line! Get the rainbow or tea leaf salad to start and enjoy a curry or rice dish to follow. I never stop impressing people when i suggest this restaurant. Fortunately they have opened several locations around the bay so enjoy!
Believe me, I know what molded food tastes like..courtesy of the lunch I pack and I forget to eat everyday so here's a warning for you: they leave their samusas out to stew after they make them. That strange "after taste?" YEAH BRO, THAT'S MOLD. They fry them and they taste like old socks. I had better samusas at the International Food Festival at my high school and even better of the crispy delectables at Burma Cafe.I remember the day so well. I was like JACKPOT grandma! We got parking right in front so you don't have to walk. She was quite happy herself that we found parking so quickly in a busy area but after they tried to serve her over riped food, that little lady got pissed. I tried to explain to the server that the samusas went bad and all he told me was "we make samusas fresh everyday" and "they're suppose to taste like that." Grandma and I had an extremely unsatisfying meal here. We were recommended the Moh Hinga and their were bones in every bite. Okay, okay, we were still pissed about the samusas so the Moh Hinga tasted like crap too. They tried to charge us for their over ripe samusas that we sent back and I had to rally with them. OH BROTHER. Needless to say, I haven't returned since. I never had such an unpleasant meal with my grandma EVER. Even though you make samusas fresh everyday, they still need to be refrigerated to stop food contamination. SMH.Rest in Peace grandma u_u I love you~ sorry about the shit meal you got here. Damn.
wow now I know why all the hype is with this place. I usually get turned off by the long waits and never bother...now I understand why the wait is totally worth it!went on a Monday night at 6 and no wait (woo-hoo!) love the buzzy & friendly atmosphere (woo-hoo!), reasonable prices (woo-hoo!) and absolutely delicious food (!!!!!)We ordered the chicken casserole, the samusa soup, tea leaf salad and veg noodles - loved them all especially the soup and the casserole. it was so amazingly flavorful. Who knew Burmese food is kinda like a cross between indian and thai? We traveled to Burma back in 2002 and vaguely recall the food, if I had known Burmese food was this good, well we would have been more adventurous with local food on our trip there! Great to know we can come back here anytime for our slice of Burma!
Is there even need to Yelp!?? YES, they are that good! They are always packed, and there is a reason for it. No its not just hype. The food really is THAT awesome. There is always a wait, and I am not a lady that waits, but this place is SO worth it!Amazing in a word...an explosion of flavors. I love that Burmese food is like a fusion of Indian and Thai/Chinese food (maybe I made that up, but it tastes like it). So, its pretty freakin tasty! The tea leaf salad is awesome. So unique and flavorful. The samusa soup and chicken with lotus flowers are equally delicious. The soup is like crack! Smoky and delicious with all the different textures from the samusa and the falafel thingy in it! The coconut rice is orgasmic. Really, I would go and just eat that. And I love the curry chicken noodle thingy. SO good! Service is friendly and attentive even though they are always swamped. Basically, really, really, really good food. A must go!
10 things about burma superstarFirst, the wait is ridiculous.Second, cake cutting fee? suck it. Third, check in on your iphone & get a free thai ice tea. you just won me back.Fourth, mediocre dishes I could get at other asian restaurants sans the wait. really?...Fifth, still wondering what the hell is all the hype all about.Sixth, I can't believe I waited 1.5 hours for a meal.Seventh, free mango and green tea ice cream! i'm fatEighth, tea leaf salad, i still don't know how i feel about it... but i still taste the ramen-like seasoning taste lingering.Ninth, vegetarian delight with funky ginko seeds, I love those motherloversTenth, i don't want to relive this experience.
Let me preface this by saying that only masochistic people should try eating dinner at Burma Super Star. The parking is horrendous, the wait is long and by the time the first noodle lightly soaked in vinegar and fish sauce from the Rainbow Salad lands on your tongue, you might be on the verge of passing out. On the other hand, lunch is happily a viable option. I walked through their narrow doors sans expectantly waiting people at 1:25 pm and was greeted by warm smiles. We were guided to a table immediately. A Chimay on tap was ordered, accompanied by a Ginger Lemonade, the must-have Rainbow Salad appeared simultaneously. Ginger, Noodles, Cilantro, Tomatoes etc. were mixed quickly and then eaten with gusto. A Burmese Style tomato-based Shrimp curry (spiced just right) followed and was poured over lush coconut rice. The place seems renovated since I last darkened their doorways and pleasantly so.  $40 for an excellent meal!
SO amazing! Get the Tea Leaf Salad, sesame chicken and coconut rice.... All so flavorful. Wish i could transport this restaurant to where I live...
Food was good overall but way overhyped. Not sure if I liked it enough to return but it's nice to finally be able to say I've dined at Burma SuperStar and can knock one more thing off my 7x7 100 things to eat before you die SF list! Portions were decent. We shared the following items between 5 people (4 girls 1 guy) and we all left full:white sangria -- good but I like my sangria redtea leaf salad -- fresh and saltysamusa soup -- mushy texture, not sure what was in it eitherspicy and crispy chicken -- not that spicy (and I have low tolerance) and definitely not crispy either because it's doused in sauce!nan pia dok -- coconut chicken curry with flat flour noodles, probably the best dish we had that nighteggplant with garlic sauce -- averagechili lamb -- lamb was dry and it was way too spicy for me to enjoycoconut rice -- delicious!
Only Rockstars eat at B-Star!Famished after a lite diet of only 1200 calories per day and intense cardio sessions, we roll up to B-Star with a $100 gift certificate and empty bellies. An hour later, we receive a phone call and off we trot to Burma. Let the eating begin...For starters: Lettuce Wraps, Salt and Pepper Calamari and Tea Leaf Salad. ALL amazing but hands down my favorite were the lettuce wraps. The filling was perfect, not too saucy nor dry. I devoured.As for the entrees: Brown Rice, Sesame Beef, Mango Chicken, Riblettes and a noodle dish that I just can't remember the name of. Not gonna lie, not a fan of the noodle dish. My FAVORITE was the Sesame Beef. It was ahhhhhhmaaaazing! Overall, Date Night (DN) was a success. I even got to make out later. And so did my boobs.
Went there several time, good small place I like it
If you want good food, look for long lines! Get here early as the wait can be as long as 1.5 hours. If you get here early you can put your name on a wait list and grab a drink across the street at Blue Danube.The wait is the only thing worth complaining about - everything else is great. Wait staff are friendly, give good recommendations if you want them, and will show you "how to eat" if you need it (the tea leaf salad should be mixed a certain way, for example, so they'll show you how to do it if it's your first time).Tea leaf salad, beef mango curry, and eggplant dishes were all fantastic.
Exotic and very delicious dishes on the menu. The Rainbow salad is the best salad I've found in the Bay area. Worth any wait on any night. Not cozy because the tables are close together, but that won't matter once you start on your food. Trust me!
Great place
Burmese food? WTH is that?!Seems to me like it's a mixture of flavors from all Southeast Asian countries. Delicious blends of spices all around. We decided to not order the tea and rainbow salads that are their most popular dishes because they were both featured on the food network. The portion size looked too small for us to pay $9.50 for each. So instead, we go the Samusa soup, and three different curried noodle dishes that were all really good and flavorful. The only thing that's a drag is the crazy lines. Granted, we did choose to go on a Friday night. We got to the restaurant around 8:30pm and the wait was AN HOUR. However, the hostess said she would give us a phone call when our table is almost ready. So with that one hour, we stopped by Humphry Slocombe to go and shopped around Genki's for a bit.Parking is a hassle, so I recommend that you either go early or go really late. For the wait, an option would just be to have one person from your party go early, put a name and phone number down and go walk around somewhere until they call you.
Two stars for ambiance, three for service, negative five for food. Unfortunately there aren't any good Burmese alternatives in the city, but this really isn't Burmese food in the first place. It's more akin to bastardized Thai crossed with American Chinese food. It's lousy and funny at the same time. The portions are smallish and the ingredients are just regular ol' American. For what it is, it's insanely overpriced. I was fortunate to live with a Burmese family for three years while I lived in the Richmond and actually I was with them when I tried this place, and they had even less nice things to say than I do. Maybe that's a part of my negative opinion. Here's some positive opinion: their t-shirts do look really cool. Also, the owners are business geniuses. This is a money making machine. Proof that people will buy anything. Especially if it's packaged right.BSS is yuppie fare: mall food court quality and brasserie prices. It's quite clear that people come for the atmosphere.
An overhyped but still delicious Burmese restaurant. The FoodMy absolute favorite dish: tea leaf salad! Totally delicious, more than even the rainbow salad, their other well known specialty. It's got such a combination of tastes that I never get tired of eating it. Slightly sour with yummy nuts and more.Squash with pork - pretty tasty!Lamb curry - I love lamb but this dish turned out to be too saltyRainbow salad - interesting, better than regular salads at least...The WaitIt's a long wait, so be prepared for it or come early/late. You can kill time at Cafe Danube across the street or at Green Apple Books on 6th and Clement.The ServiceThey're pretty busy, but good service. Nice waitresses.TipsOrder takeout if you don't want to wait in line, and eat it in the car or go to Golden Gate park if it's for lunch.Parking is tough on Clement Street. Come early to find parking.
So many of my friends have raved about this place, like it was the best place to eat on Earth...My Fiancee is Burmese and I'm a Burmese foodie Veteran, so we know what restaurants have been true to the Burmese pallet and which ones have just been dishonest to their customers in representation of BURMESE food...So the Fiancee and I have never been to this place, but have wanted to give it a try. We waited over 2 hours for this place!!! By this point I so desperately hungry, I went across the street to the Asian market to snack on a crepe...We were a party of 6, so we required a bigger space. We kept getting skipped over...and over and it became frustrating. When we were FINALLY called, we got seated, got our waters right away. The interior of the restaurant is nice and decorative; quite small though, but nice. ...and then the menu...Um, most of this stuff on here is not Burmese...are you seriously kidding me? So as always, I ordered the Mohinga (fish chowder), all variants in curry, rainbow salad (usually i go for the tea leaf), Samusa's, the Garlic Noodles and the Coconut rice. These are some of the staples to Burmese restaurants, so I had to test them out. Let me just say first...Burmese food is supposed to be VERY pungently fragrant and have the flavor to back it up. The Mohinga (fish chowder) was..."thin and weak" in both departments. My friends had all liked it, but that's only because they have never had awesome home style Burmese Mohinga. Then the Garlic Noodles made me want to cry out of sadness, because it was sooooo embarrassingly bland. The Samusa's were a bore and not even a hint of spiciness. The currie's flavoring was JUST okay, the coconut rice was okay and The rainbow salad was good. The only thing I have to actually say was awesome, was my soy chai tea...But then again, I should've known by the clientele...I didn't see any Burmese folks there...other than that...I will never wait 2 friggin' hours for JUST okay Burmese food.
No matter what Food Network says, I wasn't blown away or even pleasantly surprised by flavor (I had a hard time finding any flavors in the tea salad even though it was pretty). Some food was entirely tasteless, some incredible (the soup is wonderful).All the food is too expensive given the meager portion size and dead hunger I developed while waiting for a table.Summary: Expensive, fast service, long wait, and don't share your plate.
Recently I re-visted this place, after a year break.This place is just as amazing as the first time, which is a mark of true great restaurant. To start, I ordered the chicken salad, which is very good and can be a meal in itself. I've also had the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad, both are amazing. If you are first timer, I would recommend the tea leaf salad. For the main, I had the lamb curry and the shrimp with lotus root paired with the coconut jasmine rice. I have had the lamb curry before and I love it. It is a must for people who like stews. The shrimp and lotus root was a new one for me, but I think it will now be a staple when I eat at Burma SS.This place does have a line out the door on most days, but it is worth the wait.
Good Burmese food, long lines
We go here all the time and my 3 year old loves it! We've been to both the Berkley location as well as the San Francisco location. For Vegetarians - you must try the tea leaf salad, Samusa Soup and the Fiery Tofu!
Great for brunch! get the rainbow salad, get the green curry, get everything!
Tea leaf salad. I hate to share it. Makes me feel sorry for the other salads, because I bet no one eats them, and I'm sure they're very good. The food here is made of rainbows. Had to take off a star because the family who runs it, while super sweet, has some efficiency issues. After starving and shivering for an hour, those issues can become heightened.
Of course the food is pretty ok but the wait + price just aren't justified. I get it, Burmese food is sexy but I have better things to do than to sip forlornly on a small cup of tea while peering into the windows at all the happy diners inside.Shan veggie noodles were decent and the okra/tomato/boiled egg curry was interesting but the eggs still had their outer membranes attached. Eh.My favorite was the coconut rice and the rainbow salad. Yum!Glad to have finally tried it out, probably won't be back anytime soon.
Anytime I go to any Burma location I can't help but think how overrated it is. Then I shove coconut rice in my mouth and declare it the best thing in the world and am shocked that they don't have restaurants on every corner. I must say I prefer the Alameda location as this one was way too small and crowded. We were told it would be a 20 minute wait for a party of two and were finally seated one hour later. We ordered the fabulous tea leaf salad but did not finish the whole thing and had to ask the waiter several times to please take the plate away. Even when our entrees came out they still wanted to leave it on the table. Really, you cannot fit 5 plates on a small table. Service is a bit too slow and while I appreciate not being rushed I don't like having to wait one hour for food as I already waited one hour for a table. The food is excellent but service needs some kinks worked out. I think it's worth the drive to Alameda for a five star experience. But hey, coconut rice fixes anything so make sure to order it if you have to eat at this location.
Place is legit!! Definitely gets crowded but worth the wait.
I'm still trying to figure out what happened to delicious Burma SuperStar??? A friend and I met for lunch to continue my quest to try all of 7x7's 100 things to try before you die and I have to admit I am super bummed that this place seems to have lost everything that made it one of THE places to try in the city.So the Samusa soup the item to try...and I would say don't bother. Either I have lost all of my taste buds or I just don't get it, because I thought it was bland and quite frankly odd tasting. We also tried the rainbow salad - again Ehhh, nothing special. Finally a burmese curry noodle dish. When they say "mild" in the description I think they mean "boring"I will no longer tell people the line is worth it...in fact I would say don't even bother ever going.Try before you die? Absolutely not...
I talked about this place today over lunch and people seem to really like this place. Maybe expectations were too high, I wasn't very impressed with the food here. I remember we ordered 3 items, pumpkin pork stew, samusas and some soup. The pumpkin stew was very good, but I didn't like samusas and the soup so much. It' s hard to go back to a place when the food was just ok, especially it's out of the place and so hard to get in.
Amazing. The rainbow salad is the best. The problem is that this place is so popular the wait is really long. So arrive 40 my minutes early lineup by the door grab a drink and hope to get in and have their yummy yummy food. There is an alternative if you want to drive to daily city and go to a Burmese restaurant there is name I can't remember. That was also a great place and not nearly as crowded.
I love this place, oh so much!I grew up on Burmese food, but am only limited to whatever my aunt and dad makes from time to time. As I grew older, the less they made it and the more I realized I could just go find different places for my cravings. Honestly, it's still tricky to find a place around the Bay that fits my taste for Burmese food. There's only a handful of Burmese restaurants and every place seems to make their dishes taste slightly different from each other. Burma SuperStar has been the one restaurant I can't wait to go back to. This place is comparable to the homemade food I'm used to/the stuff from Burma my relatives bring back (they have tea leaf salad dry mix kits, etc.). I'm thoroughly impressed with the quality and flavor of their dishes.I must admit though that their service, at times, is a bit lacking. The first time I came here, back when I was a wee ten-year-old or so, there weren't long lines and a sign-in clip board. My dad came in, ordered everything in Burmese, and that was it. Our server always checked up on us and even offered us complimentary dessert. Now, I get stuck in the corner with no one to take my order.HOWEVER, I can tolerate that for food. Especially for delicious Burmese food. As long as the flavor isn't off or cold. But that hasn't happened.Things every person must try at Burma SuperStar (or actually any other Burmese place -- these are the essentials!):Tea Leaf SaladChicken SamusasMoh Hinga (Cat Fish Chowder)Coconut Chicken Noodle SoupBeef/Chicken CurryTan Poi RiceIf I wasn't a jobless college student, I'd be eating here way more often.
There may be a long wait for dinner, but write your name & number down, head across the street for drinks, and get a call when your table is ready. Perfect, really! The tea leaf salad, samusa soup, superstar noodles and coconut rice are divine. Walking by, alone, is a feast for the senses.
We came here because a friend recommended the place. It was the perfect place to enjoy a high-quality lunch for an awesome price. We had: * Nan Gyi Dok (Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion)* Burmese Style CurryBoth dishes were really mild, they looked fantastic and tasted even better. We didn't have to wait in line, the service was promt and really friendly.
It's been over two weeks now, and I can't stop thinking about this place! Tea Leaf Salad...Amazing. No way did I think that simple looking salad would taste like nothing I had before and the flavors were multiplying in my mouth! So fricken good. The vegetarian samsu soup and the coconut rice also delicious. I'll definitely be back sooner than later...
This is no where near the best Burmese in SF. Crowded, mediocre food, uncaring service, too noisy and crowded. It's true that every restaurant had bad days, but still, it's hard to think of a restaurant I'd like to return to less.
Pretty good food, but the Temescal location is better, from the service, to the decor.I asked for a Vietnamese drip coffee, and they told me they didn't serve it at this location.....whaaaaa?!How is a sophisticated man such as myself supposed to help digest his meal?
Never knew I would love Burmese food so much! It's really popular and they don't take reservations so expect a wait on the weekend. I love the noodle dishes.
It is no secret that Burma SuperStar is delicious. And you can call ahead to get on the list, which makes it perfect.
Nestled in between various Vietnamese sandwich shops and dim sum galore is the best Burmese food I've ever had. The tea leaf salad with fermented tea leaves from Burma is amazing, subtle in flavor and bursting with different textures, I could eat this all day every day. The vegetable curries are fantastic, the tofu kebat a must, you seriously can't go wrong here. The wait staff is super friendly and pleasant as well, offering smiles and happy deameanor with prompt service. Expect to wait most nights of the week but there is complimentary tea and seating to make even the wait not too bad while people watching on Clement.
Burma SuperStar has a well-deserved reputation as one of the best restaurants in San Francisco. Best enjoyed with friends, family-style.Excellent dishes: rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, samosa soup.Be ready to wait in line as they are always packed and don't accept reservations.
We initially came to Clement to get cheap dim sum with some visiting friends and ran into this place. Our friend was impressed with how popular this place seemed and decided we should try it for dinner, even though none of us had tried or knew what Burmese food was exactly. I can't believe some people mention waiting 2+ hrs, but for our group of 5 on a Sunday night, we waited probably about 30 minutes, which we spent wandering in the fish shop on the next block. They called us when our table was ready, which beat sitting around waiting for our name to be called.Since it was me and four other guys, we actually ordered quite a variety of dishes, and there was a good sampling of all of them. We tried the Tea Salad, Samusa Soup, Spicy & Crispy Chicken, Mango Chicken, Beef Kebat, and Chili Lamb.Specifically I wanted to try the Samusa Soup since it was on the 7x7 list, and the soup was strangely disappointing and soggy. I guess the different textures is supposed to be the interesting part, but it was kind of whatever. However, I found the other dishes much more appealing.The Tea Salad was indeed interesting--its highlight is the fermented tea leaves, which are imported straight from Burma (Myanmar?) and not available in the US normally. One of my friends went further than the menu (which describes the salad as a "party in your mouth") that the salad is like "break-dancing in your mouth"... whatever that means. But it's definitely weird when you first try it, and gets more delicious as you eat it.The mango chicken was by far the most disappointing dish, possibly because it's not mango season and the mangos were sour and unripe. Maybe this is worth trying in the right season ):The Beef Kebat was pretty standard--not amazing, not terrible. My favorites of the night were the Spicy Crispy chicken, mostly because the sauce was amazinggg. Also, the Chili Lamb was impeccably done. I normally don't like lamb because of the gamey flavor it usually has, but you know a lamb dish is well-made when it doesn't have it.. and this was the one I was gobbling up the most.Also, I have to recommend the coconut rice... jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with onions. Soooooo delicious... and I'm normally weaksauce with spicy food, but this took some of the edge off.Service was pretty good--our water cups were for the most part filled and our waitress was friendly and checked on us frequently. Overall, it wasn't the most amazing meal I've ever had, but definitely consistent in how well it was cooked. For my standards I thought the portions were a little small for the price, but then again, I'm willing to pay for quality. I think it's worth trying if you're looking for something different.
My friends and I ordered take out since we heard how hard it is to get a table for dinner. This was my first time eating Burmese food...Although Myanmar is one of the poorest nations in Southeast Asia and suffers from mismanagement, isolation and violent suppression of pro-democracy.... they still eat well. *shrug*What I recommend:SamusasBurmese Chicken CasseroleGarlic Chili ShrimpBurmese Style Curry (with catfish)Pumplin pork stew
When you find a fly in yer food, its really impossible to go over 3 stars. I'm all for protein-loading and organic-leanings, but lets be serious, i'm here 'cause i didn't wash the veggies that day, and i'm hoping the restaurant did.This said, the upside is it still earns three stars. Something must be right. We came after a high-stakes frisbee golf match at GG Park-- hear me clear: hefty an appetite was worked up after 18 holes of vegetative meanderings. They served Dragonwell tea street side (a delicious green, i've visited the plantation outside of Shanghai and its top-notch stuff). While I assume its too appease the line-up that is said to often form, at 6 pm on a thursday, we took the last vacant table and sat down to feast (fly n' all..)The white wine sangria was pretty delicious. I liked the ample offering of asian pear, lychee and orange slices therein. They don't skimp on the fruit like some other spots (ahem.. cha cha cha..) and i always appreciate a lighter white version to heavy overly-juicelike red.Food was solid and offerings diverse. We liked the rainbow salad (though i'll ask for it sans wheat noodles next time as otherwise its gluten-free). The veggie mushu hit the spot and my favorite dish of eve was the citrus chicken-- nice coriander tones and meat was kept moist but not swamped; a fine line executed by a good kitchen. Pork belly and fried walnut shrimp made the table, but not my plate, though the oh-and-ah from the peanut gallery signals winner in both cases.Service was extremely prompt (they are movin' tables thru in prep for the line outside and you do sorta feel the rush, but its not accompanied by a stink-eye, more just efficiency).Will I be back? May be.. I'm not entirely off-put by the unexpected bug sighting, but also not inspired by uncertain clean factor, so i don't expect frisbee game to make ritual of Burmese happy-finish, though with a lengthy menu erring heavily toward veggie-dense, its certainly a consideration for the rotation.
Why Why Why ? Why take so long to stand in the line ? Everytime had to leave my name and phone number, go somewhere had a beer or coffee chill for a bit, wait for their call at least 45 mins...Sounds like I'm here complaining right ? No no no...Actually I'm here telling you, IT"S WORTH IT !
As I said in my last review, I was back. Parking a pain as always. But we had a much better meal this time (still a 4 star since I think it was really a 3.5 star but unique enough that I bumped it to a 4 last time). This time, we had the Rainbow Salad - this was very tasty, interesting, spicy, had tons of different ingredients including noodles that they explained before they mixed up for us. We also had the Burma Vegetarian Superstar Noodle - actually tasted a bit like the ingredients of the Rainbow Salad but was very tasty and good. We also had the Samusa soup. This was also very tasty, but we would have been fine with one small bowl each to taste as we weren't huge fans. Probably won't order that again. Still a fan and coming back.
Wonderful vegetarian options (I came here with a vegetarian friend), but also has dishes for carnivores such as myself.After having eaten Cambodian and Nepalese food in the City, I was itching to further my southeast Asian palate, and this place was perfect. As is the case with a lot of the food from this region, it tends to resemble Indian food, but to me, uses flavors in a more subtle fashion.+Everything is delicious. Seriously. Everything.+Service is splendid, even when it's a busy lunch rush.+Easy to find in the crowded "little Chinatown" area.-Crowded, but...is this REALLY a negative? hehOverall: Absolutely delicious, and I would take any Asian food aficionado here without batting an eyelash.
I'm willing to try any dish i've never had before. In Korea, I ordered sea bream and was given a plate with a big fish head on it. Instead of squeaming, I dug in, plucked out an eye and swallowed it. It was ok, but I'll never try it again.At Burma SuperStar, I had the same experience with the Tea Leaf Salad. It was worth the experience of eating, but not tasty enough for me that I will try it again.
Four times in seven years. That's how many times (sadly) that I've made it to Burma Superstar. It's always the impending wait that scares me off. But every two years or so, my hankering for Burmese food gets the best of me and I'll find myself firmly planted on Clement trying to give patrons the evil eye so they'll hurry up and eat faster.Yes, I love the tea leaf salad and the samusa soup (who doesn't). But I also love the rainbow leaf salad, the coconut rice and the garlic shrimp entree. Service isn't the best (as they do their best to turn over service as quickly as possible to make a dent in the ever-growing line). But hey, I'll put up with ... every two years or so.
This place is good. REAL good. So why the 4 star review rather than a coveted 5 star review? Simple speaking, the wait is too freaking long. 2 hour wait times are the norm, and again while the food is excellent, I really don't want to wait 2 freaking hours to eat. So until this place expands or you can get reservations, it'll be a while until I go here again. If you have never been here or had Burmese food, I suggest you try it, just be ready to wait.
This spot in the Inner Richmond is always worth the wait. I have been here three times already and, it delivers on quality and consistency across a variety of great dishes, every time
This place is unbelievable. I generally order my food to go so I can avoid the embarassment of licking my plate in public. If you dont order the seseame chicken or rainbow salad you are definitely doing yourself a disservice. Downside: If you want to eat at the restaurant be prepared to wait at least an hour 7 nights a week as they dont take reservations. While I havent been, they recently opened a sister restaurant just up the street (B*Star) which generally has a much shorter wait.
I don't have to tell you how amazing this place's food is. The coconut rice is make-me-moan delicious. The tea leaf salad can't be beat. It's all about the food here--unique, bright-tasting and complex. A true eating experience.If the service weren't quite so frantic, this place would be top of the tops. But, with people lined up out the door, I suppose they have some wiggle room there.This is destination eating. Put your name down and wait. You won't be sorry.
I thought i reviewed this place a long time ago, but i guess not!I've been to Burma 4 times now and i've enjoyed every experience. Here are the dishes i've tired and liked1. Garlic Noodles with Tofu and Broccoli - the noodles are very flavorful, i would order this dish again2. Tea Leaf Salad- yummy! I love that they mix the ingredients right in front of you, its worth a try.3. Rainbow Salad- Also very yummy. This salad consists for noodles rather then 'leaves.' If you have to choose between the rainbow and tea leaf, go with the tea leaf and save this for the next visit!4. Vegetable curry- sorry i forgot the name :9 It was great and a little spicy - it went well with a side of coconut rice5. Thai iced tea - yummy! One of the best places to order thai iced tea; however no free refills :(Overall great please - the food is amazing and unique. A mix between thai and chinese food (maybe with a hint of indian).
The best ever! Staff is super friendly, and the FOOD IS AMAZING! Unlike anything I have ever had before. I can't wait to go back!
I absolutely love this place, it is deserving of all the praise and accolades it has received. The tea leaf salad is an absolute must try and the soups are great too. I've never had a bad dish here and the wait staff is attentive and courteous. It's worth the wait, and while I'll go down the street to B-Star if I have to, I usually just wait out Burma because it is slightly different (and better!). If it wasn't so far away (I live in North Beach) I would eat here more often. The only downside would be that they don't take reservations but that's a minor gripe.
I think my expectations may have been way too high for this place. Maybe I didn't order right. I'll have to come back, try more things, and update this review if I ever fall madly in love with this place. The famous Tea Leaf Salad was pretty good, but it was a little too sour for my liking. Maybe if they let us control the amount of lemon we put on it? (the server tosses the salad at the table, finishing by squeezing some lemon onto it)Coconut chicken noodle soup was very thick-- similar to a curry consistency. Though it was very tasty, it was slightly too heavy for me. Garlic noodles were solid. Like other garlic noodles I've had.Okra Egg Curry was pretty good. I like okra in general, and there was nothing wrong with this dish, but I don't know if i'd order it again.The wait here is ridiculous (they dont take reservations) and for me, it wasn't worth it. Plus, because it's so popular, the servers are constantly rushing you. They're very nice & courteous, and I know they have to rush you because of the huge wait outside, but... you just can't relax one minute without someone asking if you're done with your plate.
At high noon on a friday in San Francisco, on one of the most beautiful days of the year. The lunch stars were in alignment. We parked, literally, at the front door. We were seated right away at an oversized table at the window. I usually order what sounds good to me. The stars apparently know this and didn't let me down. The Nan Gyi Dok (i can't tell you what that means) was oh so good. The Mongolian Style Beef, tender and flavorful and colorful too! The Thai Iced Tea could have been a little more Thai and less Ice. I can't blame that on the chef. I wasn't leaving without trying the dessert. This is a first for me, Banana Springroll w/Ice Cream. Crispy springroll with banana and chocolate inside is a wonderful combination. Excellent service to boot. Yeah, we'll be back.
I've heard of Burma and Burmese food, but up until coming here I had never eaten Burmese food.Service was okay considering my girlfriends and I arrived close to closing time. Considering it was so close to closing time we were seated within 15 minutes.We all shared the tea leaf salad. It was very good and I do not think my review will do it justice because it's a unique tasting dish. All I can say is you have to try it to know how uniquely delicious it is.Moving on. We also shared the Mango Salad. It was okay. I was expecting the mangoes to be sweeter, they were not. But it didn't make the salad taste bad, I just had certain expectation as to what I was going to taste.Next up, garlic chili shrimp and garlic noodles (we were trying to ward off some vampires later that night) over a bed of coconut rice. The garlic chili shrimp was pretty good and spicy. As for the garlic noodles, I've definitely had better, specifically at Crustacean's. I loved the coconut rice, Mmmm. I compared the rice to that at Osha Thai, and the one at Burma had a sweeter taste to it, which is what I envision when I hear Coconut Rice.Overall, this place was okay. Would I return? Perhaps if there were no other dining options, but it wouldn't be tops on my list.
Good food, but a little on the expensive side!*Burrrrpppppp* I just came back from eating here, as you might have been able to tell. I've never had Burmese food before, and I have to say that it was good! I had the tea leaf salad which was really really good (I wish I had more), the moh hinga (catfish chowder) which was also really good, and the superstar vegetarian noodles! The service was good, our waiter was super nice! Oh, and the food didn't take long to come out. Thank goodness, because me and my friends were starving! When we got here it was already super packed, so we got on the wait list, and waited about 20 minutes before they called us. The restaurant is pretty small, and it's hard to walk through with all the servers running around (I almost hip bumped a waiter -_-). Parking like anywhere in richmond sucks, and takes forever to find unless your lucky!
If I could configure my kitchen faucet to spout Superstar's samusa soup, I would. Who needs water?As this place has already been dissected by, literally, thousands of Yelpers...it is easy to forget that it sat quietly on Clement Street for years before achieving notoriety, and it is impressive that it is now such a destination restaurant.Yes it is cramped, and yes the waits can be long (I recommend a later lunch, or going on a weekday) but I will keep taking visitors here for the delicious soups, noodles, and salads! This place is unique, even for the Richmond which abounds with other great options nearby.
been going here since 1992 and will always be my favorite...
went in for lunch. large portion and great service.
I really really don't get it. What is wrong with me? I have been hearing about this place for EONS. I went there about a month and a half ago and I thought the food was good but by no means great. I also found it to be REALLY expensive for what it was. Maybe I've been going to Yamo too much? Speaking of Yamo, the tea leaf salad there doesn't taste much different and is quite a bit less money. We had the tea leaf salad (as you can tell), and the Riblettes which are described as "delicious caramelized bite size ribs in a sweet and savory sauce". I thought the salad was ok, and the riblettes appeared to be over cooked. My friend got something too, but it was really not memorable - a curry I think. I'm not sure if I'll go back. I almost think I should. Maybe I ordered the wrong things?????
This place is incredible and a must when visiting SF.
Delicious.Tea leaf salad was great. They introduce the dish with all of its ingredients to you, which is thoughtful. The chicken entrees and vegetable entrees were also very yummy. Very flavorful and the complementing rice (coconut, jasmine, brown, etc.) was very yummy. I have had my fair share of rice in my lifetime, and the texture on their coconut rice was so decadent (!) in a melt-in-your-mouth/I'm made of butter way!!Bit of a wait and is located a bit "out of the way" but totally worth it!
So delicious! We went on St. Patricks day and they were super busy but here's a breakdown of my first taste of Burmese food. My friend ordered the apps, he got some flat bread thingie that came with a soup/curry. I COULD BAITH in that soup it was so good, we were both sopping it upI ordered the garlic noodles with duck! The duck was excellent, nice dark meat and the pieces were kind of torn like so it was easy to enjoy. The noodles were more like flat Italian style and the garlic was substantial but not overpowered with garlic kick at all!My friend got the Mango and Beef and had a nice kick, I'm a spicy wimp and even I enjoyed it. The portion is family style on all dishes so we both go to swap our main dishes and try eachothers! I recommmend this it's a tasty way to go!Finally we got a side of coconut rice which was DELICIOUS not sweet or coconut cracked out either. It had a really refreshing taste and a hint of coconut. The servers were excellent as well, although it was packed and my friend put in a 45 minute wait while I looked for parking we got excellent service. I also got the mango soju which was OK, no where near as good as that broth that came with the flatbread which we ended up pouring over the rice as well!Highly recommended
I came here with a large group of friends on a Friday night, which was tough considering they don't take reservations. However you can call and put your name on the list and they'll call you when you're getting towards the top of the list. It was probably not the best place to go with a large group as it is a pretty tiny dining area, but the food was incredible. We ordered about 10-12 dishes to share and every single one blew us away. The drink menu is somewhat limited, so don't come here expecting to drink a lot. But the food is more than worth it!
If you haven't ever tried burmese cuisine, this is def the place to start. I always feel like a visit to a restaurant is only good if it offers something I don't think I can cook myself. This spot does this for me with unique ingredients such as the fermented tea leaves that are used in their tea leaf salads. The 3 things I must order when I come here are the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, and moh hinga soup. Both salads have their own unique combinations of flavors and are extremely refreshing. The moh hinga catfish soup served with vermicelli noodles is delicious as well, great flavors and what I'd consider a comfort food.Based on the numbers of reviews this place gets, don't complain about a wait, be prepared for it and strategize. The best time to come is probably 15min before opening time and standing in front waiting until that time comes. Anytime after you'll likely finding yourself waiting, but be patient, the unique burmese cuisine is definitely worth a try!
I cannot rave enough about the tea leaf salad, black bean lotus root chicken & coconut rice! I would have it once/wk if I could afford it! Burma is great for take-out, otherwise, be prepared to wait a couple of hours for a table. The service is always great and the quality never dissapoints. Even when I venture out and try something new! (which is hard to do now that I've found the best items on the menu!)Highly recommend.
Sadly, I bought too much into the hype, and was expecting great great things from this restaurant. After reading advice from other Yelpers, we called ahead to put our name on the waitlist. We were a bit late, and the staff was super nice, telling us we would be next in line, although our table would be given away.We ordered the tea leaf salad. It was interesting to taste for one-time, but I found it to be so many different flavors in each bite that my taste buds couldn't get a handle on it. The Samusa Soup was excellent though! We also ordered the coconut curry chicken noodles, which to me, tasted a bit bland. My friends enjoyed it though. We decided to spice it up and got spicy lamb with coconut rice, which were both delicious compliments. Overall, I enjoyed my experience and meal, but I would have to say that the food was okay for me. You definitely have to eat here once, but the packed seats in relation to the food, discourages me from eating here again.
Best food and service for the price you pay for. The type of restaurant where you can blindly order anything and be satisfied. The only thing to complain about is their drinks but I'm usually satisfied with water.
The food was surprisingly good. I went here with a bunch of friends with no idea of the place. Once you get in and get the food everything is good. It is a loud place so I recommend this place to people coming in groups rather than on dates. As for the food it was really tasty and unique. I don't recommend it though if you are allergic to peanut oil. That is what I mostly tasted in my dishes. The only issue with this place is the wait. I recommend to come to this place early because we had to wait for about an hour to finally get in. While you wait I recommend to hit up stores in the neighborhood. It will be awhile until you finally get some food.
The food here is SO GOOD! I have no idea how they make it so good but it is! The prices are really reasonable and I have order tons of stuff from the menu and have NEVER been disappointed! - the only disappointing thing is getting so full that I am unable to continue to eat!The Superstar Vegetarian Noodles is one of my favorites!! Even though its cold its got some spice in it to warm you up! Also you can't go wrong with any of the curries. They all are so good!The atmosphere is really nice as well! it is easy to talk to someone and enjoy your time but you can still feel the fun upbeat vibe that the restaurant has. Expect a wait when you go! It is always crowded! They don't take reservations but you can call ahead to put your name down.
After a two hour wait, I can honestly say it's not worth the wait. Order togo if you really want to try it...it's all hyped up to be disappointed. The hostess is a huge liar...45mins was really 2 hrs. It's like they pick a table and wait until it's clear, so others will be seated before you. The waiter is nice and energetic. Dishes were too salty. 0 star for the idiot hostess, 3 star for the service.
Before we begin, let me tell you the most important thing you need to know: Go early or be prepared to wait! 6pm at the latest to walk in and sit, but there is an offshoot called BStar down the block where you can get the most popular dishes. I haven't been there but it seems more like a cafe.Ok....down to business.Yum! Burma Superstar was my 3rd attempt at Burmese food and it is by far the best!The tea leaf salad is my favorite. It is fresh tasting and has so many textures it's like a party in your mouth. The taste of the tea is definitely love it or hate it, but it is worth finding out. The other awesome thing about the salad is that it is one of the only salads that I can order and not ask them to leave off the 10 things I don't like - I'm particular like that =)I also love the fact that there are menu items that are advertised as "chicken breast". The spicy crispy chicken was really nice chunks of breast meat breaded, fried to crispy deliciousness, and covered in a thick spicy sauce. Not too hot but left my mouth with a tingle.I also really like the coconut rice, palatha with curry, and the coconut curry chicken soup.I'm not a huge fan of the Samosa Soup but that's prolly cuz I'm not a fan of samosas. It soooo tastes like samosas, it's cool and creepy at the same time.Another item that I will not be reordering is the Poodi - puri with potato curry. Burma SuperStars is dense puri with a Burmese potato curry - not untasty but not to my liking.Word of caution!!!! This is not a great place to take a date. The dining room was not made to be a dining room...really. You are quite close to other diners and the place is really loud. It's fine if you don't mind talking loud enough for everyone to be up in your bidness...but really I'm to busy stuffing my face to care.I have been to a ridiculous number of asian eateries, and I am more than accustomed to how the wait staff typically behave, and Burma Superstar is SOOOOOO different! It is very refreshing actually. There are more waiters than there to need be, and they are all willing to help you with anything. I even overheard one waitress bring up the fact that the items one couple chose were Chinese cuisine and not Burmese and was that ok? Very cool. You will get your food hecka fast, so don't be afraid to order something else after you already ordered - like another batch of palatha!If you haven't had Burmese food, but like Chinese or Thai or Indian then you'll love it here. Because of the history and location of Burma, there is a familiar feel to most of their dishes.
Fabulous! We came here after running Bay to Breakers shortly after they opened for lunch on a Sunday. We managed to get a table by the window just before the place filled up. Those waiting outside for a table had self-service complimentary hot tea provided in the foyer, which was a thoughtful touch.Because we were chilly and wanted warm foods, we almost didn't order the incredibly popular tea leaf salad, which would have been a terrible mistake. It comes to the table with each ingredient artfully placed on the platter, and is then delicately mixed by the server at the table. Wow. Try it, you will love it. The waitress said that at dinner service, people sometimes have to wait over an hour for the tea leaf salad.We were warmed by samusa soup, fiery chicken with tofu, and shan noodles with tofu, which were all very good.Burmese food tastes rather like Chinese blended with Indian and Thai cuisines, which makes sense since Burma/ Myanmar is bordered by those countries.
larry got turnt up!
great, cheap food. crowded restaurant. delic.
I used to go by Burma SuperStar a lot when i was a kid and I've always seen it packed. Now I finally went there to eat and it was pretty good. The place is a bit small inside. I imagined it to be a lot bigger. The place is nice and on the wall he has all their awards for being one of the best places to eat in SF. The waitresses and waiters are friendly and are approachable. The prices are a bit high for what you get. My mom got the egg noodle with pork and it wasn't anything special. I got the Nan Gyi Dok and it was really good. The coconut milk was sweet and the amount of food wasn't too bad. It came with a hard boiled egg sliced into think pieces.The yellow curry that they used was also very good. It wasn't spicy, but it was tasty. I've heard their salads are good, but I have yet to try. I'm definitely coming back for some more of their food. If you go here, I suggest you get their Burmese food instead of their non-burmese cuisine food.
This place is absolutely delicious. I like to order new dishes each time I go but I will always start with the tea leaf salad (great texture and flavor). I'm also a fan of the walnut/shrimp dish and one of the coconut curry dishes (I think Nan Pia Dok). That being said, I've ordered numerous other dishes that are also amazing. Good idea to call ahead and put your name in because the wait is always really long...
I had been excited about Burma Superstar for a long time (all of my friends separately recommended it). 3 of my friends and I decided to meet around 6:15pm on a Wednesday (in an attempt to avoid a wait). We were seated right next to the door (which was unfortunate, but it was the only open table for 4).The Service (3): They were not very attentive. We almost had to run after them when our entire party had arrived to get the open table. After we had finished eating, we must've waited 25 minutes before being able to flag someone down. Given, they are busy, but definitely no higher than a 3 for service.The Ambiance (3): Wholly unmemorable. Did not add to or subtract from the experience in any way.The Food (4.5): Our table orderd a large Vegetarian Samusa Soup (5 stars) which had hearty flavors with a bit of spice and a large Tea Leaf Salad (5 stars - thank you Yelpers for this recommendation)! The peanuts added just the perfect amount of texture. We ordered some coconut rice for the table (4 stars - very good). My entree, unfortunately, was disappointing. I got the mint chicken (2 stars). It had a bit of a kick, but I don't remember any flavors. Perhaps my palate is just not up to the challenge.. but I will definitely choose something different next time.There will definitely be a next time, though! Great portions, good flavors, good aroma, not a bad price either!
Absolutely love this place! The Vegetarian Samosa and the Chicken with Chili and Garlic are my favorite. You may to have to wait a while to get seated but I think the food is well worth the wait. Plus, they offer complementary tea while you are waiting outside and there are heating lamps.Overall, I had a really good experience at this restaurant.
This is my first time ever trying Burmese food & I do have to say that it is quite different from what I've had. I mean you can compare it to Thai, but trust me, it is different. At first after reading the reviews, I wanted to try either the Tea Leaf Salad or the Rainbow salad, but when we got there, I was really hungry and when I'm hungry, I'm not going to go for a salad. I want something hearty!! (As you can see, I have a great diet!!! =P)Luckily we came here with a friend who has been here before. He called in and the staff told him it would be an hour and 45 mins wait for party of 5. The cool thing is that they'll call you before your table is ready so you won't have to stand around and wait. Kudos there! The place is small so they were really smart in deciding to let patrons know that they will give you a ring when the table is ready because they probably don't want too many people standing around crowding the place scaring off other patrons. When our table was ready, I couldn't help but look around and be amazed at how the restaurant was packed on a Sunday night. We ordered Garlic Noodles w/ Duck, Chicken Noodle Soup, Lemongrass Salmon, Stewed Pork and the Broccoli dish, 2 plain rice & a pitcher of their special beer (infused w/ lemon & ginseng). This all came out to $92.*Garlic Noodles w/ duck- it was ok. I was hoping for more duck, but maybe its because I'm used to how they are served in Chinese restaurants. *Chicken Noodle Soup is a must have!! We ordered the large and oh my! It is a hearty soup. It is curry based w/ coconut milk. There were slices of eggs in there w/ chunks of chicken. I could've just ate that by itself*Pork Stew-reminds me of an Indian dish. It was ok. I thought it was lacking something, but it wasn't bad*Salmon- to me this was a typical dish*Broccoli-cooked in wine and garlic-simple...and that's what it said on the menu-so simple.....You can call me picky, but I thought the rice was a little soggy =PNow the infused beer- really refreshing. The bf didn't like it because it was toooo refreshing, but I enjoyed it so I finished up his glass. The pitcher was $19.The staff is friendly. Our waiter helped us pick out some dishes. They were pretty attentive in refilling our water (pretty decent water too!!) and they were really nice about splitting our check between 3 cards and some cash.Would I be coming here again? Maybe, but the wait will make me go somewhere else.
I've heard so many good things and seen the crazy waits for this place so naturally I HAD to try it. Plus it's also on the 7x7 100 things to eat in SF, even though I didn't eat their suggested dish... Tea Leaf Salad. I love salads so I thought it was pretty good, although I must admit there wasn't much flavor to the tea leaves. I did like how they put fried garlic slices in it though, added much needed flavor to it, kind of like croutons but definitely more fragrant.Pumpkin Shrimp. Shrimp with Kabocha Squash and Ginger. Kabocha squash is pretty much the only type of squash/pumpkin that I eat, so I liked it a lot, especially with the rice it was extra good. Yummy in my tummy!Burmese Style Curry with Lamb. I really liked the potatoes in this, the lamb was pretty good but I think it was on the tough side. It actually tasted better the next day as leftovers, since the meat was more tender and flavorful then. Coconut Rice & Tan Poi Rice. Coconut rice is just basically jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk, I thought it was alright since I can make it at home I didn't think it was anything THAT special. Tan poi rice was Basmati rice cooked with cardamom, cinnamon and raisins. I thought the tan poi was pretty good because I've never had rice flavored like this before, interesting and yummy. Jackfruit Spring Rolls with Coconut Ice Cream. We decided to get this since my parents have never eaten jackfruit before, there wasn't much jackfruit in it but it was pretty good. The nutella does overwhelm the flavor of the jackfruit a bit though.
The food here actually does warrant the long wait, but partially because Burmese food is (at least for me) an exotic change in cuisine. The wait be REALLY long, so I recommend putting your name on the wait list and grabbing a drink in a nearby pub (my fave is The Bitter End). Still, a long wait is a long wait, and I deduct one star.The Vegetable Samusa Soup started things off for our group, and right away bumped me up to Dinner Cloud 9. Like some others have mentioned, the Tea Leaf Salad is sublime. I also recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea - yumminess in my tumminess! We had two different curries that made me wish I wasn't sharing with anyone else. Being a man who loves potatoes, and is partial to pork, I thoroughly enjoyed the pork & potato curry and shamelessly took more than my fair share of it. The beef curry also inspired me to devise plans to run away with our dishes without sharing any.The group I was with ordered a bunch of different plates, and I'm not sure what else we ordered, but everything was absolutely delicious - even the eggplant dish that I was allergic to and made me miserable for the next 48 hours, but which I thoroughly enjoyed while it was going down.
Coconut rice, coconut rice, coconut rice. This place was amazing. I got there before they opened and they had free tea and a huge line building because it's so popular. We were seated immediately and served more than promptly. We only ended up waiting less than 25 minutes for our meal, maybe the other people complaining about the wait were somehow on a bad night? I had the Burmese Style Curry with perfectly cooked lamb which was so amazing I literally couldn't put down my fork. My girlfriend on the other hand had the Pork Curry with Potatoes and loved every bite except the pickled mango taste which I figure is a learned taste. I've tried tons of Asian foods however I'll admit I have no idea what Burmese food is supposed to taste like. Even though, on the level of TASTY food this place takes the cake; I'd go again in a heartbeat.
great food but long wait
I've come here a few times and this place is pretty good. I've only come here for lunch and the wait was never really too bad. I don't dare come for dinner though since I always see a line go out the door. I like their mango chicken (probably because I love mangoes) and their coconut rice is pretty good too. Their spicy chicken with fresh basil is pretty flavorful, but it's not too spicy. The tea leaf salad is actually pretty delicious. It's also a little refreshing as well. The service was always good when I came here. They were all really friendly and attentive. The food is good but it isn't amazing.
If India, Thailand, and China had a threesome it would taste like this.And why would you ever deny a threesome* ...?*Please don't leave without trying the Samusa Vegetarian Soup.
When you go to Burma Superstar the waiter and people will always recommend one thing...the tea leaf salad and for good reasons. This salad is like nothing I ever ate. They fly in the burma tea leaves from burmese! It is a must try dish. I also liked the curry with lamb and the coconut rice. Note that the wait can be at average an hr to two hrs long so call an hr ahead. They will call you when your table is ready and give you an estimated time on when you should arrive. Try it!
Disappointed with my 2.5 hour wait. The manager of this place...apparently his name's Desmond, needs to manage his hostess, table, and line situation properly. If you have friends who should get priority, at least don't make it obvious and be rude towards other customers during the fact. Also, if people are just sitting around after dinner for an hour, regulate or at least put a check on their table. Living in the Richmond, I've been able to take a lot of my friends and visitors here. Never again...this place is becoming more and more of a letdown. If you want some comparable food with no wait, check out Bai Som or Patpong Thai down the road.  Sure the food is decent here, but not after waiting 2+ hours...needs better management.
We visited this place on a Sunday at 3pm, and only had to wait for about 5 mins. We ordered the following:1. Rainbow Salad - nothing extraordinary about it, we found it to be a bit bland2. Tofu Kebat - interesting flavor, but too spicy for us! 3. Mint Chicken - liked this dish, but the chicken (minced) seemed a bit dry 4. Coconut rice - the best part of our lunch! 5. Ginger lemonade - very refreshing For the above, we paid $65 incl tip and taxes, which we found to be on the expensive side. In addition, this place charges $2 in 'SF Health Fee'. It's not a big amount, but I haven't seen that charge anywhere else - have you? I found it a bit strange. Overall, it was an okay meal, but we've had better Burmese food in the South Bay. It wasn't worth all the hype.
Good food and decent prices, what more can you ask for?! The place was packed! We had to wait for an hour to get seated, and there were people still waiting to get seated when we left, which was past their closing time. We ordered the rainbow salad which was pretty good, but I think the salad to go with is the tea leaf salad, all the tables around us had ordered it. The party next to us ordered one to go because they enjoyed it so much. The Samusa soup was full of spices. The funny thing is, I don't even know what was in it, it was just a jumble of yumminess. Their pumpkin pork stew was really good. It was flavorful, savory, and a bit sweet. And I am absolutely in love with their coconut rice! I've been to BStar cafe, which is their sister restaurant (also on Clement). I think BStar cafe has a stronger and more interesting menu and Burma. I'd say try to go to the cafe rather than SuperStar. But be ready to wait in line!
Everything was delicious! I dined with six friends and tried their dishes, too. I could eat the coconut rice all day long!!!
Came at around 5ish 6 on a weekday, no wait. We ordered the popular tea salad, which was .... different. There's so many flavors in each bite. The dish was featured on the Food NEtwork. Also ordered duck noodles (forgot what it's called) it's tangy and very very delicious. I would definitely order this next time I come.Also ordered a pork curry, chicken & mango, basil chicken. They're a bit on the salty side, but if you eat it with a lot of the coconut rice, it evens out. The basil chicken and chicken/mango are similar, so I'd pick either or. Overall, good, Minus one star for the saltiness.
Waiting to get a table is always a drag. However, for me, waiting hours for a dinner joint reassures me that this place has the "IT" factor. After getting a cozy table with my friends, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Samosa Soup, and some noodle dish with pork ( idk the name but i know it's the 2nd one listed on the noodle section). Im not really a salad kinda girl but we ordered it on recommendation of a friend. Regrets? NO! This salad was refreshing and light, which balanced our creamy soup and starchy noodles. However, I must say the best part of dinner was the Samosa Soup. Tangy, surprising, citrus-y...omg it's like a tease to your tongue cause u just want more of this potent goodness. ( beware, if you go with 3 other homies and order the *small serving of soup, you wont be left with 2nds)*small serves 4 ppl maxThis was my 3rd time coming to this place but I think the key dishes I would recommend would be the Tea Leaf Salad, Samosa appetizer and the Pumpkin Stew. Samosas were so flaky and full of flavor while the Pumpkin Stew was so rich and mouthwatering.
YUM! Just go. It's delicioso!I had the tea leaf salad and flat noodles with chicken. I was seated right away because I was by myself... but the place is packed during a weekday lunch.Great service too!
We absolutely LOVED this place! The tea leaf salad and rainbow salad were both delicious, as were each of our entrees.I would highly recommend this restaurant if you like Burmese food (or if you've never had Burmese food... If you like delicious Asian food).
i give the food 4 stars, hostess is always rude and the wait is around 45 minutes to an hour, so be ready to stand around in the cold :( But once you sit and enjoy your meal, you'll forget all about that long cold wait. Rainbow salad, pumpkin shrimp, citrus chicken, coconut rice YUM!! very fresh ingredients and different taste for sure. Very unique... love the food hate the wait. Can't win them all...
Awesome place- totally lived up to the hype and the constant line out the door. If you call an hour or so in advance they put your name on the list and you don't have to wait too long for your table. Everything we ate was amazing. The samusa soup was one of the best things I've ever had- I have no idea what's in it but it's delicious. We also had the okra and tofu, chicken in clay pot, curry shrimp, and coconut juice. I loved this place, would definitely go back again and again. They also have a sister restaurant down the street called B Star that has some of the same dishes from Burma's menu and is great as well. It's small and cozy, the staff is courteous, and the food speaks for itself. Definitely check this place out.
service would be 5 stars. food would be 4 stars, because it depends on what you order. my favorite salad is the tea leaf. the samusa soup was not that good, yelpers, too sour. but hey if that's your thing then go for it. oh yeah, coconut rice!!
My friend's been about the tea leaf salad at Burma SuperStar since I made my first trip to SF in 2008, and now I understand why. It's a traditional Burmese dish, and theirs in particular was featured on the Food Network. The salad arrives nicely composed, and after a brief tour of the plate - lettuce, tomato, sesame seeds, chips of fried garlic, fermented tea leaves, and too many peanuts for my husband's taste - the salad is tossed up at the table.Side note: we recently watched Follow That Bird, and now whenever I hear 'tossed salad', I picture the Grouch diner with Sandra Bernhard. But I digress. The salad was delicious, as was the rest of our lunch. My friend had the eggplant with garlic sauce - a surprisingly luxurious dish with eggplant that nearly melted away into the tomato-garlic base. I tried a tofu and black bean dish served over Burmese fried rice - I didn't love the rice, but I did love the nutty tofu. We really need to make more tofu at home, you guys. My husband really enjoyed his duck noodles, though I can't remember much about them other than that he ate them right up!I've been told that Burmese Kitchen in the Tenderloin is more authentic, but Burma SuperStar is pretty dang wonderful, and I look forward to riding the Geary bus way out to Inner Richmond for another tea leaf salad when next I'm in town. OK, I lied about the bus part, but not about the salad.
It's as amazing as everyone says. Great place for vegetarians. The samusa soup is fab, but if you're a vegetarian and you want the tea leaf salad make sure you tell them to leave off the dried shrimp bits. Ick.I've never been to their scaled-down sister restaurant (B Star), but everyone I know says it's worth just sucking up the inevitably long line and waiting for the real deal at Burma.
Lychee Mojito... DA BOMB!! we had 4 pints of that plus 2 pints of the white Sangria. The food's not bad either. Loved the service. Our waiter was knowledgeable and accommodating. Long wait was WELL worth it. Happy 5th to my buddies, my hubby and me =)
well worth the wait. yum yum. let the servers suggest what to order.
It has taken me forever to get into this place. Dinner is not the time to try. We finally got in a lunch time this weekend and were seated right away. I had the Samusa soup which was an amazingly different taste that I have never experienced before. Sweet and savory. Then I moved on to the Chili Lamb. Good flavor with a bit of spice. Overall - nice flavors. Would I wait an hour now that I have been here? No. It was good but not an hour wait good. Try it at lunch time. It is easier. Food was Interesting and different. Great service and staff was wonderful.
Food was delicious - the servers were friendly and engaging, and the price point was very competitive.One of the nicest parts of the meal came after the fact - we were about a block or two away, when one of the servers came running up to us - my friend had forgotten to take his credit card. We really were quite far away at that point, and I was impressed that the server had made such an effort to find us.We had the Nan Gyi Dok (mild chicken coconut curry noodles), Beef Kebat*, brown rice, and Tea Leaf Salad*. I'd recommend all of them.
ridiculously priced for dinner! So i simply come for lunch around 3 when there is no wait =] I LOVE the coconut rice!!! sooooo goooood!
Like the other 2,000+ reviewers said - this place is great. It's one of my favorite places to eat in San Francisco. My best friend, an art historian and food enthusiast, took me here years ago when she was writing a "best of" local food section for her world travel blog. This place is so good, I have been back several times since.Tea leaf salad = win. I LOVE this dish.Better ambiance than it's sister restaurant B*Star, but the wait really puts me off of wanting to eat here, so I usually go to B*Star and order exactly what I was going to order at Burma SuperStar, I just get to eat an hour and a half earlier.
Just left Burma Superstar feeling uncomfortably full... and I can't wait to do it all over again!Went around 7ish... 25min wait. It was quite chilly out, but the wait flew by and there was complimentary hot tea to help tide us over.We had a pitcher of anchor steam and the signature tea leaf salad like everyone else in the world. It is definitely worth trying and I overheard the host talking about some regular who is on a strict "tea leaf diet" so it must be healthy too. Really enjoyed it.. nice crunch from the peanuts, sunflower seeds, and toasted garlic. Next time I want to try the Rainbow salad.We shared 3 entrees: pumpkin beef stew 3/4... it was good but not spectacular or anything. I just happen to love pumpkin (or squash). The chicken shrimp casserole with cinnamon rice was amazing and super filling... we didn't even finish it. But I recommend this dish, it's very tasty and there's plenty of tender chicken and shrimp to go around the table if you're sharing. We also had a spicy lamb dish with lots of toasted peppers in it, I cannot remember the name. It was tasty, but I ate a ton of coconut rice with it so I didn't really get the true flavor or care to try it alone. My family likes to eat and we always have to have dessert wherever we go, no matter if our pants are bursting at the seams. We had the jackfruit spring rolls with ice cream. Yum yum... very delicious, not too sweet and the ice cream that accompanied the spring rolls was a big highlight and perfect compliment to the fruity dessert. Next time, I want to try the coconut fritters.
We hadTea Leaf Salad( You must order this, the best salad!)Chicken DahlNan Pia Dok( coconut chicken curry flat noodles)It was way too much for just 2 people. Each dish is pretty big.We arrived around 11:15am, right after they opened and it was already packed. Also there is a cute jewelry store called Covet just around the blockyelp.com/biz/covet-san-f
This is one of my favourite go-to restaurants. It has great food & a cool ambiance. The only downfall is the long wait (expect an hour plus).Favs:- Tea Leaf Salad- Burmese Style Curry w/ Shrimp- Pumpkin Shrimp- Coconut Ricemmmmmmm... yummy!and their teas are pretty great too, as well as the Chai & Thai Iced Coffee, etc... there's also this lemonade/ginger/beer thing I want to try at some point...
I never ate here before, but always saw that it was really packed at night and it seemed impossible to get a seat or at least it would take forever. Why can't people just dine in, eat, and then check out. Chit chat somewhere else like at a bar, lounge, coffee joint, etc.? don't be freaking inconsiderate, you'll make the wait for other people a lot shorter.Anyways, so I dined here for the first time today for lunch and it was still quite busy. I ordered in Burmese, "oh no khao suay", which is like a noodle curry soup. It was good, but not super delicious. Like someone else said on a review here, this place is over-hyped. Coming somewhat from a Burmese culture, eating homemade "oh no khao suay" or in Asia taste so much better. Price was reasonable and my service was great in the beginning; waiter greeted us, took our order down and me and my date's food came out in about 5 minutes, that was awesome! BUT in regards to service, in the end it just ruined all the good service I had from the beginning. I asked for the check and my waiter went off and took other people's orders and did his own thing. I had to ask another waitress for the check. Uncool.
overrated and overpriced with long lines. go check out yamo in the mish instead!
I've always known I was never blessed with my Dad's freakish good luck, but seriously, I have the opposite of freakish good luck. For example, I got a nasty cold from the girl who sits next to me because she refuses to take a day off of work for being sick. Since I was feeling sorry for myself and my nasty sore throat I decided to indulge a little and rent a ZipCar for a quick jont over to my newly found love - Berma SuperStar. If you've ever been to BS you'd know that there's always a wait and there parking is horrendous. Which is why I doubled parked behind the guy in front of me thinking, since I called my order in, I could run in and out of there in less than 5 minutes! Well I was right that it would only 5 minutes, but I underestimated how quickly and DPT would roll up and give me a ticket. That took 3 minutes. Begging and pleading with the officer for 5 minutes only further led to my humiliation.....$75 later I was on my way. FML I wanted to apologize real quickly to the Samosa Soup. We didn't get to properly meet. I'm Kristy. The one who barely came up for air as I inhaled your goodness the moment I walked in the door. Thanks for being the highlight to my otherwise terrible day.One last shout out to the tea leaf salad. You got it goin on girl!! WOOT! Your roasted garlic, pinenuts and tealeaf were in full effect this evening for the perfect flavor intense explosion in my mouth. Until next time! (via taxi, of course)
Great food long wait though!
Simply the best restaurant in San Francisco in my humble opinion. I love ethnic food and the amazing flavors of the Burmese cousine is amazing. The rainbow salad, sesame chicken, and coconut rice are my favorite.If you don't want to wait one hour I suggest you order for take-out.If you do decide to eat in the service is excellent.
I don't know why the hell everybody is raving about tea leaf salad - it sucks. All it is is a crap load of peanuts with some mushy weird tasting grass. Nobody in our group of 8 liked it. Now sizzling beef is something to try. Coconut rice is good but not as good as everybody is saying.
never had burmese food before, but I was told by a friend that I had to visit. Stopped in for a light lunch and ordered the Superstar combo (1/2 tea leaf salad, samusa soup) and a thai iced tea. Sooo good. the salad was as good as advertised. Has nice textures and great tastes. Best salad that I've ever had anywhere. The soup was also very tasty. The iced tea was awesome - too many places make it too sweet. I would love to stop by here again next time I'm in SF.
The food here is good. Yes, you have to wait a long time for a table, but it's completely worth it. Get here early to get your name on the list, or show up for lunch after 1. Here's a list of my favorites from their menu:Tea leaf saladRainbow saladSamusa soupBurmese curry
After a recent visit last week, I'd been prepared to give burma superstar a 1 star rating, but decided to be generous and bump it up to 2 stars, as I'd experienced better service on previous occasions.The hostess on this particular evening either disliked our group of three or was just completely incompetent in waiting list process. We added our names to the wait list around 8pm that night, yet ended up being the second to last party to be seated for the night. I will admit we were 15 minutes late when they called us - but we asked them to go ahead and seat others and to keep us on the list. I realize this can be a pain in the ass, but I've worked as a hostess in the past and this is pretty standard when you've got several pages of waitlists. Once we checked in with the hostess, she continued to make us wait an additional 40 minutes while seating everyone else on the list.To make matters wose, when tables were finally open, she proceeded to seat the three of us at a table meant for two, while seating the party of two behind us at a windowside table with ample space for four. Now, that's just plain stupid.Once we were allowed to move to a larger table, the experience improved immensely. Food came out fast and the table service was great. Unfortunately, I'm still bitter about the hostess' incompetence. Pffft.
Chicken curry is delicious! Their tea salad was like nothing I've ever tried, and I want the recipe! The place gets packed fast, so I would suggest arriving early or signing in and grabbing dessert first at Genki across the street!
Great food! Long wait, but worth it. Usually order for major work event.
All the awesome stuff people already said- ditto.Very fun experience and great food. Will definitely go again!
So I had been waiting a long time to head out to this place. Whenever I visited my friends in the Richmond, there would always be a line outside and I wondered why. Eventually I got a friend willing to wait it out with me and we headed out to Burma SuperStar one night. A table of two on a Thursday night took 30 minutes for us, but we occupied ourselves with the nearby stores until our time came up.The place is a little crowded, they tried to jam in as many spaces as they could in the place so there's little in the way of space. But it doesn't really matter, you're in your seat the whole time right?We decided on an order of Rainbow Salad and Lamb Curry (we had to go for the traditional Burmese dishes right).The Rainbow Salad order definitely lived it up to its name. They even have someone come by and explain every single piece of the salad to you. And somehow the big mix of ingredients they give to you, when mixed up, turns into something super tasty. Rainbow Salad definitely gets my vote.Lamb Curry was also another good choice which we were happy with full of flavor, although I guess I can't tell the difference between Burmese curry and the other types. Nonetheless it was a great choice and super tasty.Next time, I definitely want to get the tea leaf salad, which I hear is the tops. Although maybe we'll make reservations next time too.
There's ALWAYS a wait but it's so worth it. The food is so vibrant and full of delicious flavors all melded together so wonderfully. Rainbow salad is the bomb. Got several curries on different occasions and all delivered with a nice punch. Service is always nice.
Great Chicken dishes and service was really special as well.
Not only was it my first time having Burmese food, but this place blew me out of the water. We waited around 40 minutes to be seated and it was like 7pm on a Wednesday night so when we started ordering, I think our eyes had grown far bigger than our stomachs. We ordered noodles, rice, and soup, and maybe a salad for the two of us. But it was really excellent, be sure to get the tea leaf salad, even if you're not a salad person!
was not a fan. Had the tea leaf salad and it was sooo oily. I know other people rave about this place (why I went), but it just wasn't for me.
Another raving review of this place is kind of redundant, but I liked this so much that I wanted to get my rave in as well. We arrived right on 12 on a Monday - no wait - although 10 minutes later the story might have been different. The service as courteous, the food interesting, elegant and altogether lovely. We started with the tea leaf salad and yellow bean tofu - two strongly flavoured dishes to give our tastebuds a bit of a shake, and then had one of their subtly aromatic Bun Tay Kauswer (see their online menu for details). I can't wait to go back and try some other things on the menus.We saw a couple of people struggling to enter with double baby strollers. It's a small space, so best bring little people in baby capsules or similar and leave strollers at home. I think staff will accommodate if you call ahead, but there really isn't enough space for such vehicles.
not my taste
Burma Superstar, I liked the name at the get go, sounded like some kind of 70's inspired funk Mission hipster band. Read the reviews, decided to go, but NOT because of the Food Network visitation. So we go, and have about 15 minutes to order because the kitchen was closing. If I had a nickel for every time one of the waitstaff mentioned Food Network it would have paid for our meal. You get enough fame balling from the tech industry during the week, the constant self aggrandizing (on my weekend) left me cold. The samosas (vegetarian and meat) were awesome. They were also $10. You can get samosas every bit as good for $6. The tea leaf salad that everyone was losing their mind over was very good, but having eaten yummy things all over the world (spoiler alert: I'm a travel writer) I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop. The nice lady who mentioned Food Network throughout our meal went on to tell us how lucky we were to get a table and how the wait is sometimes 2 hours...2 HOURS??The coconut chicken noodles were too sweet and really gluey. The chicken curry was an over salted hunk of meat in nondescript brown sauce. I would not wait 2 hours for this food. I wouldn't wait 15 minutes to tell you the truth. I also can't imagine any of the servers at King of Thai Noodle 1 (or King of Thai Noodle 2) after plunking down 2 steaming GORGEOUS bowls of duck Pho (for $6.50) talking about their waiting lists, Food Network prowess, or any of that nonsense. They just wordlessly go on their way - they've got geese to smoke and a mob to feed.So my opinion, ever the contrarian: Food ain't bad, nothing to flip out over, certainly not worth driving to the avenues for, all entrees priced 2-3 bux over what they should be, and self aggrandizing offered at no additional charge. I've heard Yama is good. I'm going to try it out....
I only came once and had to wait a long time for a table for dinner and then the dish I ordered was just ok-a bit too spicy for my taste too, but that was expected. The staff seemed friendly.
First of all this place comes highly recommended by friends of friends of friends. The wait is ridiculously long. We waited for about an hour for a table. The service is good and we got free thai ice tea for checking in. That's pretty good. The tealeaf salad is their famous dish featured on food network. Is NOT all that! It doesn't live up to all the hype that's for sure.The chicken samosas are pretty good. The sauce for that is what makes it delish.The duck garlic noodle was by far the best dish i've had that night. Overall this place is good but is def not worth the one plus hour wait.
BE PREPARED TO WAIT.Went here on the suggestion of multiple friends - apparently, it's one of the best spots to eat here in the Richmond. Also, I guess everyone tells their friends about it because there was a half an hour wait on a weekday for dinner. [If you're not patient or if it's cold, there's other Asian cafes nearby to grab a cup of tea during the wait.]So, I came here at the suggestion of multiple friends and was reassured of the restaurant's popularity by the many people waiting outside, so the food must be that tasty explosion in your mouth kind of food right? ....Nope. And this is where the hype is a bad thing.Thai iced tea: Free for checking in on Yelp! Definitely a great way to start the meal. Beef Curry: Tomato based, not particularly flavorful, still okay.Coconut rice: Highlight of the meal! Creamy, delicious and just mmm-mmm good.Definitely a decent meal, but I really didn't see what all the hype was about and doubt that I'm willing to endure the wait again to find out. Three stars for the decent food, kind server and free Thai iced tea.Until we eat again!
A staple. Go early or expect to wait.
We had a day to spend in SF before catching a flight out, including an early dinner . I usually am a bit of a wimp when it comes to "exotic" cuisine, but my GF said it was incredible and when she told me it was closer to Thai than Indian, I was sold as I love Thai food. She was right, this place was amazing. We arrived at BS right when it opened at 5pm, so I can't speak to any wait. We split 4 items that I would rank in this order 1) Nan Pia Dok(coconut chicken curry flat flour noodles 2) Samusa soup 3) Tea Leaf Salad 4) Citrus ChickenI'd like to note that while it was fourth, the citrus chicken was great. Definitely order rice to go with it, we went with coconut which is the specialty. The lemon squeezing and tossing of each dish is cool, so A for presentation.The only reason this isn't five stars is that I had to kill 5 or 6 fruit flies on the window. I'm a big fan of hole in the wall places and dive bars, but I had to mention it. Overall fantastic and I recommend it.
Good food. Tea leaf salad was good. The mint chicken also had good flavor. The tofu veg curry was very flavorful too. Place is a bit small so there was about 30 min wait. The servers were very nice and friendly.
Heard a lot about this place, so on a random Monday, I came to check it out. Waited for almost an hour, on a Monday night starting around 8pm. We sat down to order at 9. The food came pretty fast and we ate it all in about 20 minutes (you can imagine how hungry we were!) It sort of felt like they wanted to shuffle us out, since there were still people waiting outside. Burmese food seems like it takes the best of Chinese and the best of Indian and puts them together. We only had the starred items (indicates a Burmese dish). All were pretty good, featuring coconut flavors and spices. Call ahead and put your name down. Your wait time starts as soon as you call, so cut the wait time outside short by calling ahead! (What I learned waiting outside)
No specific comments
The salad is very yum yum !! However this restaurant is tasty same as Chinese food tho ! My friends told me this place is very famous and I wanted to try it !! On my god , I have been told that only half hour of waiting BUT I was waiting for 2 and half hour a table !!!! It's not worth to wait that long !!!!!
With over 3000 review, Burma SuperStar does not need my endorsement. That being said, I still want to go on the record as saying that is THE place to go have dinner San Francisco if you are looking for an amazing, flavorful, exotic meal that you just can't get anywhere else. Be prepared for a long wait, but fortunately they will call you on your cell phone to let you know that a table has opened up. I'm happy to say they have several vegetarian options as well as lots of delicious food for the omnivores you know and love. Their tea leaf salad is phenomenal-- if I go again I want to order a plate of it just for myself. Truly a meal in SF that you will remember and keep talking about to all your foodie friends!
"Why is it always so crowded here?"  "What's Burmese food?" "Is this place any good?"  "How do they have over 2000 reviews?" All of these questions lingered whenever I passed by this restaurant on Clement St, so I finally got an opportunity to get the experience of Burma Superstar for an early Saturday night dinner. We got seated rather quickly because we got there when they opened at 5:30P.M. We sat down and ordered some thai iced tea. It was quite delicious! And, we already knew what to order b/c all the fellow Yelpers left detailed reviews. (Whoo-hoo! Keep on Yelping!)From all the hype and recommendations about this place had me thinking of having very...very...very...very high expectations of the food. Honestly, I couldn't wait to have my taste buds get blown away! We will find out if they've succeeded or not.Now for the food: 1) Chicken & Veggie Samosas = Mediocre & very small portion.2) Tea Leaf Salad = I don't know what the hype is all about. According to the description on their menu, the salad leaves a party in your mouth. Ummmmm? Not at all. It is more like, "What's that weird after taste in my mouth?" D: 3) Pork & Potato Curry= Pretty yummy. (Best dish out of all 5)4) Garlic & Broccoli Noodles= Not satisfying and impressive at all. You can make better noodles at home. 5) Pumpkin Curry = Interesting use of pumpkin. Very soft and flavorful. Some entrees were a hit, but some had failed to fit the needs of my tiny little taste buds. And, I was a bit disappointed. Why?-The portions are very...very...very...SMALL.-Service was just okay, but at least the waiters were friendly.-Prices are bit steep for the small dishes.-My 2 friends and I left the restaurant still hungry. *A quick tip, I really don't recommend waiting in line more than 30 minutes for this place b/c the wait can be long as 2 hours. To be honest, you can venture somewhere else without waiting this long. Due to my high expectations, I'm willing to give this place a second visit. Hopefully, the next time I come by will be a better experience! Happy Yelping!
I came to Burma SuperStar with very high expectations from reading about it on blogs and on Yelp.We ordered:1. Vegetarian Samusa Soup2. Tea Leaf Salad3. Vegetable Curry Delux4. Coconut Rice5. Mango Coconut Juice6. Thai Iced TeaEverything was out-of-this-world tasty. The samusa soup was heavy on the cumin, a spice I don't even like very much, and still tasted incredible to me. The tea leaf salad was bright and fresh, and the vegetable curry delux was hearty and delicious. Everything I ate seemed familiar, and yet different and exciting.And the mango coconut juice tasted just like a mango lassi, just less filling.I can't wait to go back!
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Had take out, but the hostess was totally cool.Had the casserole. chicken dahl, rainbow salad, pea shoots, and of course the coconut rice. Solid all the way around.
I really don't understand the hype. The samosa soup and tea leaf salad were good, but the rainbow salad was just OK and the garlic noodles barely had any garlic.We also ordered the pumpkin pork stew, which was solid, but i definitely would not wait to eat here...not even for 5 minutes.
Samusa soup alone deserves five stars. I love the tea salad as well. Almost everything else is a bit too greasy for me but I can eat their samusa soup and the tea salad every day!
This place was a great experience! Everything really came together from the wait to the service to the ambiance to the food. When I arrived a little later than lunch time with my boyfriend we were second on the waiting list and literally waited two minutes. Enough time to check out all the "Food Network" signs and reviews for their most well known dishes.Once you get inside everything is just really cute. Sorta hipsterish (I mean it IS in San Fran) and very much a wonderful date place. Especially since they took their time, lots of it, to come and take our orders.Food: Rainbow Salad- everyone gets this and reviews it and they should! It was wonderful. The waiter comes with everything separated on the plate and he explains what everything in it is. Then he mixes it in a fancy fashion so it's all together. SO GOOD. Get it!Garlic and Chili Shrimp- I loved this. Perfectly cooked shrimp in chili paste with crispy garlic slices on top and fresh cilantro! The freshness, texture and full flavor of everything made it awesome.Curry with Beef (the traditional burmese style)- My boyfriend really loved this dish, i thought it was good but not amazing. The meat itself was cooked really well but the flavor was just sorta average. Thai Iced Tea- Check in with yelp and they'll give you a free one!
Great food, decent price, looooong ass wait :(
The rainbow salad is religious. This was my favorite ethnic restaurant in the Sunset when I lived in San Francisco and I still try and make it back every time I visit, despite the long waits. The curries are great, especially the on-the-bone items. Coconut rice is a must have. Great fruit smoothies as well.Oh, and don't miss a chance to buy the T-shirts. They are awesome. I've gone through 2 already.
I ordered a mango mojito and they brought me a lychee one. It was ok but the lychee and mint were all mashed up, as they should be, but it couldn't get a sip through the straw. We ordered the Tea leaf Salad which was good, it had an assortment of nuts (soy, sunflower, peanut) and was very savory, my tastebuds craved a tang or something sweet to cut through the savoryness. We ordered the Vegetarian Samua Soup which, also was extremely savory. The fried samusas got a little mushy in the broth which wasn't my favorite but it was still a really tasty broth. The Mint Chicken was REALLY SPICY!! But good. The Superstar Vegetarian Noodles were the taste of tangy sweetness I was craving, very good- they're served room temperature which also helped cool my palate after the chicken. The Coconut rice was good, nothing amazing. The Tofu Tower was in a delicious black bean sauce but was also quite spicy for my taste. The star of the meal was the Peashoots, they were so delicious! If you are a spinach fan you'll love these, they are more mild than spinach. The Peashoots are a must-have. The service was so friendly, probably because my friend is a regular, but it was really nice how friendly our service was. I knocked a star off for the fact that I felt the dishes were overly-savory and because the young Asian kid at the front podium outside was confused. We called to put our name on the list 30 mins before and he said our table would be ready in 30 mins. When we got there he said it'd be another hour, we went across the street for a drink and he called our cell, when we came back he said the table had just gotten their check so we waited another 20-30 mins. The restaurant is very busy with only a few tables and doesn't take reservations but you can call ahead and put your name down.
Awesome food great service. Small restaurant so you may have to wait a while for a table but it's totally worth it. Put your name down & go to a bar down the street, they will call your cell phone when your tables ready.Everything on the menu is great
LOVED this place! I never had Burmese food and was SO pleasantly suprised. The wait was very long, but worth it in the end. Sevice was friendly and attentive.We had the coconut rice (amazing)Samosa Soup (amazing)Special Noodles (amazing)Pea Shoots (amazzzzinnng, never had or had even seen these before!) Sangria was very good, a little expensive, and came in a weird pitcher, for us to pour ourselves (weird and very cumbersome), and it spilled all over the table...Kinda bummed about that, but not enough to knock off stars! Cant wait to eat more Burmese food!!
My wife and I trully enjoy the food.
It's great once you slog through the line and actually get to eat. That being said.... The line is exceedingly long.
2.5 stars1/2 star for serving hot tea to the people who had to stand and wait for a table in the 40degree weather1 star for really nice wait staff and great service/ and for holding a table for us when we called on our way to the resto1 star for their sumosa soup ( something worth trying - seemed traditional and hearty)other than the above - this place is pretty average. I don't think ill ever go again, and i'm not sure if ill recommended anyone to go. I definitely don't understand all the hype. I think people just don't have anything to compare to? if anything, go just to try the soup. but that's it.
very good food, though a bit mild in some ways.The tea leaf salad is very interesting. It's taste is good, but not as amazing as other reviews had led me to believe.The chili lamb was supposed to be an authentic bumese dish, but it tasted exactly the same as sechuwan dish. It was good, but pretty much the same as any chili + lamb dish you would find in your local good Chinese restuarant.
This Burma Superstar is good. It used to be better, and much less crowded, but it's good enough.
Excellent spot out in the Richmond district on a street loaded with interesting restaurants, so if you can't get in here there are a lot of other choices. This is the one problem with this place, you need to go at an oddball time, or you are subject to a long wait. If you can get in, you are in for a treat. They have a lot of unique Asian dishes that most of us have never heard of-try the tea leaf salad, or the samosa soup, or the Chile lamb. Almost everything is unusual as in good, as the Burmese cuisine is varied, extensive, and you won't find these dishes on every corner.
I go just for the tea leaf salad and stay for the pumpkin stews. I love that there is a Burma Superstar in Alameda where I live and one down the street from where I work in San Francisco. I always take out of town guests here because the cuisine is pretty unique. And they are never disappointed.
I don't remember the first time I went to Burma Superstar. Definitely before I knew about Yelp. Undoubtedly before I *really* knew what good food was. Certainly before I really knew the difference between Thai, Indian, and Korean food.  I liked Burma Superstar even then. But guys, I still like it now. I've eaten at perhaps half a dozen Burmese restaurants, and Burma Superstar is still the best. The food feels fresh, the service in brisk and efficient, and the prices are reasonable. On Sunday we ordered the Samosas, tasty as usual, the Tea Leaf salad (how can you not?) and some sort of lamb curry dish the name of which eludes me now, but it was rich and tasty and tomatoey. I mean, Burma Superstar is just so solid, I'm not sure what else to say... 4 Stars. Next!
Burma SuperStar is the most hyped up place in San Francisco. The wait is ridiculously long, and the payout does not nearly match how long you have to wait. On the bright side though, while you wait, you can check out the neat place next door that sells a bunch of random stuff that you can't help but want. The Tea Leaf Salad is good, but it's really not thaat good. I think I was forcing myself to like it more than I actually do because it's different and much talked about. I can't really offer an alternative to Burma SuperStar because this is the only Burmese restaurant I've tried. It might be worthwhile for you to check it out because of the hype that surrounds this place, but honestly I can't say to expect much.
Who knew Burmeese food could be so delicious! All round, the food is really good. The tea leaf salad is a MUST order, as are some noodle dishes. The drawback is that they don't take reservations and the line is Ridiculous! Bring your patience, but the food is worth it!
Sweet mother of...this place is DELICOUS.Tea leaf salad gets a lot of press and worth trying...how many folks at home are going to take the time to gather 22 ingredients chopped in some tiny forms, some of them exotic and serve them up as deliciously as Burma Superstar does?Be prepared for a wait.Sign the list outside, get a time estimate and go shopping in this Asian Goods filled 'hood. Eat and Enjoy.
We went in here not even know what burmese food was. Man is it deliciousThe Tea Leaf Salad was delicioussssssIt has an acidic nutty flavor to it. I am craving it now. I love that it has fried garlic in it. you MUST order this if you go there.The Chicken curry noodle, or Nan Gyi Dok, was also delicious. I personally don't really like coconut, but i gulped it all down. Maybe it was because i was hungry.The Pork Curry with Potatoes was also good. It didn't taste much different from other pork curries that i've tried, but it still tasted good.The Garlic Noodles with pork: I couldn't really taste any of the garlic. Was a bit dissapointed because i am a garlic fanatic.Fiery Tofu with beef. It was a bit salty. One negative thing about this place is that i cant believe they charge for rice. come on.Fiery tofu with beef is obviously a dish that needs rice to accompany it. At Chinese places, if you order a side dish like that, it comes with the rice at no cost. The food here is already a little pricey, and has small portions, so paying for rice made me kind of... :lI'd definitely come here again.If you come here, don't get food you can get anywhere else, or else it's not worthy your monayyyyyTea Leaf salad is a must i say!
I still daydream about the tea leaf salad and their curry. :P
I continually get amazing food there. It always seems to amaze me how good it is! Of corse they have their classics ( somusa soup, tea leaf salad ) but I promise anything you get their will be great!
I ended up at this place after reading the 3000+ reviews. I ordered what the rest would order after reading the reviews- samusa soup and tea leaf salad.The tea leaf salad was just about OK. I certainly did not find the layers and layers of complex flavors that it claimed to have. In fact it was bland. I have tasted better tea leaf salad at a restaurant in San Jose and was hence left highly disappointed with this one.The Samusa soup on the other hand was a disaster. maybe the chefs were having a bad day because the samusa pieces in the soup tasted stale, when a samusa gets old the outer covering tastes sour and that's exactly how it tasted in this soup. The soup broth by itself was good though.The drive to this place is more than an hour for us, and it was so not worth it :(
it's hard to find such specific restaurants. This one is by far my favorite Burmese one. The only other one I tried was in Inglewood just last month, which was really good as well, Mutiana's or something like that. I love the salads, and the mohingah soup. This place is tiny so make sure you get in early for a good table or you will be waiting forever, but its a good wait.mmm their coconut rice is bomb.
Garden salad was amazing
Consistantly great, always the first place I take peope who are visiting. My favorite thing seems to be whatever I order every time.
I was visiting a friend and my sister in SF and decided to go to Burma Superstar, which I've been wanting to try forever! Rainbow Salad: It's a great noodle salad with yummy crunchy fried onion, but I felt that the tamarind dressing was a little too potent. It gets even more potent if you have left overs and eat it the day after. Definitely worth a try though. Samusa Soup: It's a broken, fried samosa in a curry-based soup. Extremely flavorful with the familiar Indian spices and and warming. Coconut Rice: This was good enough to eat alone. The flavor is like the sticky rice you'd find in Thai and Vietnamese desserts, but the coconut flavor is more gentle. Superstar Shrimp: DELICIOUS. Amazing with the coconut rice. Nan Gyi Dok (chicken and noodles in curry sauce): My friend ordered this dish and I tasted a bit. It's very good, but I find that the heavy curry sauce can tire you quickly. It makes for very good leftovers. Ginger lemonade: Bubbly, gingery, lemonade. I felt that the service was excellent. Helpful in explaining the dishes, prompt, polite, and not overbearing. A repeat visit in definitely in the works.
Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad! I love those 2 salads! Just make sure you get those 2 salads!!!
At least half of the dinners were first time, so we were a party of six. (The server asked almost every table, and the place isn't big.) The cuisine itself is not cultural, definitely not authentic Burmese.  It simply mixed up varieties of spice from Southeastern Asia. We ordered 10 dishes, including appetizers, noodles, beef, lamb, and chicken. They were all very salty, oily; and used almost same spices in every main dish. So after all they tasted all the same. I remember, one chicken dish was a mix of chicken, asparagus, lotus roots, but you just tasted the same " black paste sauce" as in other dishes, there were no asparagus, nor lotus roots flavor; not even to mention about "chicken.!" However, having to say it all, the coconut ice cream for dessert was a good choice. There were small slices of coconut in the ice cream. The ice cream came served at the right time after having these darkened- thick- spicy- sauced dishes.
Looking for first-time Burmese food to try as some friends and I are traveling to Myanmar this winter, we came across well-renowned Burma SuperStar. The roasted coconut rice with chicken curry was delicious and after spying on our neighbor's table, I ordered a mouth-watering moist coconut with a straw poked in it. The coconut milk inside was cold, a little sweet and very refreshing! Our server was great and very attentive even as she had more to juggle with a line forming out the door. Arrive soon after it opens and you'll find a seat without a problem.We read on the back of the menu that 100% of profits from the shirts they sell with a beautiful graphic of Aung San Suu Kyi go toward a relief fund for the Myanmar people. Thinking this applied to all the shirts for sale, we each got the smiling Buddha vintage logo, however this only applies to the first shirt. Would have bought one if it they had more sizes in stock!
Go here, eat and buy a teeshirt! Seriously the best Burmese food ever! Really great service, try the lamb dish thats a house fav, if your not sure the staff will guide you through the best items on the menu, great salads too! Go early it can be a 2 hour wait, because it's that good!Cheers
Love this restaurant. I have had lunch/dinner here over a dozen times.. I have taken co-workers, dates, my parents and my boss here... Just really good food that everyone seems to enjoy.. I have a tendency to order way too much just so I can order my favorites and try more dishes.. Favorite Dishes that come to mind include: Tea Salad, Rainbow Salad (go back and forth between the two), Pepper Calimari, Spicy Lamb, and Chicken Dahl.. Oh, B-Star down the street is great too.. :)
Again, I went back and had the pumpkin shrimp, and the boyfriend had the pork curry. To die for! We now eat here at least once a week. The coconut rice is addictive, and the staff is crazy helpful with gluten free options and suggestions! Spectacular, spectacular.
Yum. A favorite for green tea salad. I find service and food to be very fast at lunch time. It's a little small and crowded at dinner for the toddler set so come at lunch if you have an infant or toddler - and be prepared to lock the stroller outside.
The most memorable out of all the places I ate at during my SF visit. The fermented tea leaf salad is absolutely addictive. It's amazing how all those ingredients come together to create that wonderful palette. My local friend took me explaining this was a place with a crazy amount of reviews and an equally crazy waiting time. The wait wasn't unbearable since we killed the 2 hours or so at a nearby cafe. We ordered so much food that really it is a jumble in my head now but the tea leaf salad stands out ever clearly.
2 for food, 5 for servicethe food here is really overrated in my opinion. Although the restaurant is clean and surprisingly spacious for a small place, the food here did not live up to expectations. We got the catfish chowder, their famous tea leaf salad, their pumpkin and pork curry, coconut rice, and coconut chicken noodles. Although the tea leaf salad had a unique flavor and was one of the better salads ive eaten, its not worth $10 for what I call simple food mixed in a fancy way. Their pumpkin pork curry and coconut saved what could have been a 1 rating for food. The curry was very flavorful and the combo of pumpkin and pork go very well together especially with the coconut rice. The rice had some toasted coconut and probably some sort of sweet flavor to it that almost tasted as a dessert. The catfish chowder was a little low in the catfish department. Although it was a different flavor then what im used to, the soap lacked a strong flavor and tasted a tad watered down; I was confused about what I was eating. The soap was also lukewarm which is a big no no.The coconut chicken was quite bland and I did not taste any coconut flavor in it. It tasted and looked like left over noodles in a more flavorful marinara sauce or something. Bottom line: although the service was exceptionally good, the food for the most part was luke warm, confusing, and expensive. I can understand if you like to try unique flavors to give this place a shot but I probably wont be coming back here nor would I recommend this place as it is quite overrated
Not that this place needs another 5 star rating with over 2000 reviews, but I have to share for folks who are on the fence about checking out Burma SuperStar, and who may not be wiling to wait for an hour...this place is great! My standard menu of choice in this order is: the Burmese traditional rice salad. It's a great way to start your meal. It's fresh, light, and the fried shallots(could be onion?) with the heat of the chilis is very well balanced. Ive tried the other salads like the tea salad with tea leaves flown in from Burma, and while it was good, the tea leaf taste was quite strong, and not as well balanced IMO as the rice salad. After the salad, I order the pork curry and potatoes, pea shoots, and platha. The pork is so oooh porkalicious! Fall off the bone tender, and with the 1000 layer platha to soak up the curry, I cant really imagine anything better! The pea shoots, always cooked perfectly, and perfectly garlicky are a good compliment to any entree. Anyways, try my sample menu and let me know what you think. Bon apetit!Oh, I almost forgot, even with a packed house, the service was on point, and everyone is quite friendly.
YUM. :]Upon Arrival- The place is popular so be prepared to wait a while before being seated. What's nice though is that they call you (on your cell phone) once your table is ready so you're allowed to roam around the neighborhood. (There's a small heater above their doorway to keep some of us warm.)The Food- Very tasty. Very yummy. Good portions. I am now a big fan of their Coconut Rice and their Sesame Beef. We also had Curry Eggplant and I think the Spicy Crispy Chicken. The chicken was pretty good and my friends loved the eggplant dish (I'm not too fond of eggplant myself). The Garlic Noodles we had didn't taste garlic-y enough and it was a bit too greasy for my liking. The Samusa appetizer was good, but the pricing didn't seem fair.The Price- Not bad. Only complaint was the cost of Samusa appetizer- around $10 for 5 small pieces. It was good but definitely not worth it (unless you're trying it for the first time). We had 1 appetizer, 2 sides (noodles and rice), and 3 entrees for 60-something dollars (not including tips).Yelp Check-in Perk-We also got free Thai Ice Tea for checking in on Yelp! Yay!Final thought: I would come back. The food was great. Mmmm... No more appetizers though! I'd rather order another entree. I left the restaurant feeling full and happy with lots of left-overs to have at home (there were 4 of us!).
The Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup deserve a 5 star.  I would love to go back to try their other salads!The mains however were a 3 star at best. I went with a large group and tried a bit of everyone's main dishes... I don't know if it was the quality of the lamb/chicken or the preparation, but I didn't really care for any of the main dishes. Next time I might stick to two appetizers or a vegetarian dish.I am giving it a 4 star, since despite their popularity and the very long lines, the host and servers are super nice and helpful. They put our names on the list when I called (many other restaurants don't do that). They also call and get you a table at their sister restaurant around the corner if you don't care for waiting too long.
Whether you want to try Burmese food first time, or for 100th time, THIS is THE Place to come! Have tried a couple of Burmese restaurants in the city, but none comes even close to this one, including the sister B-star. When this place is packed (read always), they suggest you go to B-star 4-blocks away, operated by the same owners.. we did that a couple of times, and regretted it.
Don't know why there's such a long line for this place because the food certainly did not blow me away. The tea salad was probably their best dish because of its variety of ingredients. The curry and stir fry was way too salty and lacked aroma. The dishes were on the expensive side for a casual dining place.
I have heard my friend rave about this place for years and as my mom and I were becoming overwhelmed with trying to pick an asian lunch spot on clement street I spotted BSS. The waitress was such a doll and the food was great! My mom is still talking about it. We tried the Rainbow salad or as the girl next to us referred to it 'the t.v. salad' that was featured on t.v. network. It was a great mix of super fresh ingredients. We also tried the tofu skins and both dishes were unlike anything I had ever had. Looking around at the foot being brought out I am going to have to come back and try more!Note- Seat yourself. :)
Not BAD, certainly, but also nothing to write home about. The fact that so many people rave about this place is utterly mystifying to me.
The restaurant located in Richmond district on a street reminds me of Flushing in NY (the unofficial China town).  We got there Saturday at about 12:30pm, waited 15 mins for a table.  Simple decor but great service.  It was our first time so we stuck to the Classics. Tea Leaf salad which came out in just a few minutes.  I wonder how many they sell in a day judging from the tables around us!  It was not a huge portion but delicious and interesting.  We also had Wok Roasted Calamari which reminds me of LARB (Thai Salad).  The third dish was the Classic Burmese Chicken and Shrimp Casserole with Biyanri Rice - Packed with flavor however the Cardamon was a little much for my taste but nonetheless delicious. Reasonably priced no wonder there's always a line!
This place is great. There is a line waiting outside before they open so get there early. Great food for people who love hot/spicy cuisine. The waiters are super nice and love watching me put down chile/jalepeno combinations.
This place has delicious food. Be prepared to wait, though completely worth it... Its busy because its SO good! Green tea or rainbow salad is a must as well as samusa soup.
Chili Lamb. Do it, motherfuckers.
Food is great, but really pricey; I do not need to be super-sized, but some of the portions are ridiculously small. Eaten here several times, different locations.
This place is nice and the food is good. Very crowded and noisy, and hard to get a spot if you haven't made a reservation in advance.
5 Stars for our server alone... Fanny was amazing! She was a great server, made great recommendations, and was just a really genuine, sweet person - thanks Fanny :) All that aside, I've eaten here a few times, and every time it's fantastic. I'd recommend coming in for lunch, because the wait in the evening can be long. I really like the spicy basil chicken, sesame chicken, tea leaf salad, mu shu wraps and the noodles with curry... I guess I just could have said everything on the menu. 5 Stars!
In a past life, I had a place on California St & 8th then at Geary & Stanyan... having trouble getting rid of my INNER RICHMOND tattoo (Don't worry I did it with a sharpie and colored markers)... I miss this place to death.    What can possibly be said about these dishes that has not already been said in 1,817 reviews. Almost everything at this restaurant is good and after trying almost everything on the menu, not much of it sucks.  I do recommend these dishes (for a party of 2) in this particular order:Vegetarian Samusa SoupTea Leaf Salad and/or Rainbow Salad (interchangeably delicious) Super Star Shrimp with chili and garlic sauce Pea shoots sauted in garlic and wine.  Coconut Rice topped with the fried onions (to be served with the shrimp and pea shoots) *Fried Coconut pudding served with vanilla ice cream and fresh strawberries(*) One of the best desserts EVER.People may complain about the unbelievably long lines and the inconsistent service... not to many things in this world are perfect, but this place is definitely worth a try. If you don't want to wait over an hour to get a table, plan ahead and come early. If you arrive when they open for lunch at 11:30am or for dinner at 4pm (I know it's an early dinner) you will be sat right away and should not have trouble finding a table.  If you are not already a Burma SuperStar zombie, its best to go at these times if you want to check out all the hype because almost nothing taste good after waiting outside for 2 hours on a cold San Francisco night. If you have to wait for a table, kill some time at the Green Apple, Park Life, or people watch at one of the many cafs on Clement. I believe the food (and the consistently long line) speaks for itself and I always try and make it here whenever I'm back in town.FREE Aung Sang Suu Kyi!!! Burma not myanmar!!!Highly Recommended
My roommates and I went to Burma SuperStar today for an afternoon bite in SF. The restaurant was busy for 2 pm, but we were seated shortly after arriving.We shared four dishes and 27 stories. For the stories, please see my "critiques of the stories my roommates tell." The dishes, on the other hand - vegetarian spring rolls, rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, and SuperStar vegetarian noodles- are reviewed here.The vegetarian spring rolls were composed of a variety of vegetables served beside light, mu-shu type rolls, and hoison sauce for do-it-yourself production. I'm normally lazy as hell on a Sunday at 2 pm, but I do enjoy a good do-it-yourself appetizer. The vegetables were tasty and mixed well with the hoison sauce. The only downside was that the roll did not have the integrity (nor decency nor honor) to contain the stuffed vegetables. I know what you're thinking, but no, I did not overstuff or oversauce. It was faulty wrap that did me in.The SuperStar noodles were average, or as one with a bad sense of humor like myself might say, SubStar. A lo mein type noodle was served with sparse vegetables and a forgettable sauce. I would expect a dish that bears the restaurant's name to be better.The rainbow salad on the other hand was very good. I loved the variety of textures from soft potatoes to chewy noodles to crunchy vegetables. The flavor was delicate and light but with a little kick at the end like getting punched by a hamster. Actually, the salad was delicious, but I wanted to use that metaphor. Simile. Whatever.The tea leaf salad, which I've heard unending rants about, was also very good. The base was an iceberg type lettuce, with peanuts, tea leaves, dried shrimp and some other stuff, which they may or may not have had to import from Burma. The flavor, which my roommate described as a pesto, wasn't far off from that, but had a little overriding smoky/tea flavor that was great. My only gripe was there was a whole lot of iceberg lettuce making this dish a little diluted and not worth the hubbub or price.The toughest thing about the meal was resisting rotating the lazy Suzan and taking food from the nice Indian family seated across from us, as the stews and curries they ordered looked fantastic.Overall, some things I really liked and would get again (rainbow salad) while others were ok (tea leaf salad and spring rolls) or forgettable (SuperStar noodles). Next time I would steal curries from the Indian family seated across from me, or more likely, would order them myself. While I've given up on trying to understand the gnarled political and historical landscape of the Burmese nation, I do think I have a decent handle on the restaurant that bears it's name.
I agree with Luke below = over rated. My family doesn't get it.Polite staff. Waits are usually long. VERY NOISY. CRAMPED. Food is a fair price, but portions can be modest. Bad place to relax, to achieve a true connection, or be romantic. Great place to feel like part of what's happening.People who come here like it the way it is, but if you're not part of their scene you probably won't get it. The flavors are a nice break from the usual Asian fare, that's probably the other driving force.On the other hand, there is a lovely and quieter Burmese restaurant with tasty cuisine just a few blocks away on California Street. See: MANDALAY -- if you're in the mood for a slower paced date and family place suitable for conversation. Staff is quite friendly at Mandalay as well and the environment is plusher.
Ate here this weekend, and I'm still thinking about the Burmese catfish curry. The catfish was perfectly moist, flavor was soooo good. The mango chicken didn't impress me, and though my dinner companions devoured the chili lamb, the only dish that stuck out to me was the catfish curry. The price was moderately expensive, but it was still worth it.Nice service, but looooong wait. I will definitely be going back to this place!
oh god. I love you too much. I can't help it. I took a boyfriend to you and he wasn't impressed and I knew it was over. for him.tea leaf salad. salt and pepper chicken. dammit. I don't care who knows. I can't own you. you are so rad. the people who work there? gems. the food? ethereal. the wait time? brutal later than 5pm. supposedly they have a sister outfit in Alameda. we're working our way to checking that out too. if it's anything like this one, I'm there.
I have one serious question: Who owns this restaurant? Nothing is THAT good. What the underlying motive for 700+ reviews?Must be something else going on? Free car with every meal? College education for your first born? Drugs under the table? Diamonds for the ladies? Actually that was MORE THAN ONE question. . . . head is bursting!Actually . . . I have several more questions: Why 700+ reviews? I'm dumb-founded (is that a word?)It can't be because they are sooooo good that EVERY YELPER ON THE PLANET can't wait to get to the keyboard after eating here to sing their praises?FANTASTIC FOOD? Yes, good, but not 700+ great! Better than most, but still reaching for perfection. SUPER-WONDERFUL-ALWAYS-CONSISTENT SERVICE? Good service, but nothing is ever consistently perfect. Even Burma has hiccups.ATMOSPHERE TO DIE FOR? Yes, it is nice, but when you have to wait longer than it would take you to order, be served, eat and drink and then head to the movies at another restaurant, then the atmosphere is always going to be tinged with a "hurry up, so we can seat the next customers who've been waiting for an hour or more" atmosphere. Not a relaxing dining out experience.So, like with the sleazy bars, it must be a thing of "ONE-UP-MANSHIP" (are any of you old enough to have seen that movie?) for other Yelpers. Get your name on the list of those who have eaten & been seen eating here, and then reviewed it and get you name there too . . . . OOPS! I guess that is just what I did! I have to admit, I really don't like standing in line with 700 other folks just to get dinner . . . no matter how good it is. So I will wait to return here until the BLOOM IS OFF THE ROSE and then we'll see if they are still good. Owner may be on a private island in Tahiti by then with all his/her loot!
I'm craving that tea leaf salad.This is one of the few places my girlfriend and I can agree on in a heartbeat to go to.  She can eat the spicy black bean chicken dish and I panic about having sooo many vegetarian options (and secretly love every second of it). Our waitress inevitably has to come back 3 times before I'm ready to order, and my starving girlfriend is glaring at me from across the table with eyes that say "for f's sake, can't you just pick one!?" I have to try something different every time which is why it's getting more difficult... Next time it's samusa soup.My recommendation is to go for M-F lunch, you'll avoid those hour-hour 1/2 waits. I've never waited for a table.
That tea leaf salad! SWOON! Really great food, best to get there early to avoid the wait. If you do get stuck with a long wait, they might refer you to their sister restaurant, BStar, which is down the street - just as wonderful! And it also serves the tea leaf salad :)
Great food but nothing's worth that wait. Try Mandalay on California instead if you're hungry.
My first time coming here was two days ago. My girlfriend told me that I must come here because the food is so good. At first, I was hesitant because I've never had Burmese food before, so I don't know what to expect. Second, she told me that the wait is long, but totally worth the wait. After some consideration, my two friends and I decided that we should give this place a try since we were on a foodie adventure in the City. I decided to Yelp the restaurant and saw many reviews. I was amazed by it and thought why should I write a review afterwards because there are over 3,000 reviews written already. Would one more make a difference? We got the tea leaf salad, platha dip, mint chicken, and a few other entrees.  Everything was so delicious. I felt like I was in food heaven. I am glad that I came here and tried the food. Since the food and service was excellent, I decided to write a review of my own experience here. This place totally lives up to its name and I would definitely come back in the future.
Yes, the food is delicious, and unusual, and the atmosphere is fun. BUT, getting a table there on a Friday or Saturday evening is a long, unsure wait. Seems they never get it right as to when your table will be ready. Is it 10 minutes? 30 minutes? 45? The last time I went it was all of these. Every time we asked, the wait got longer. We ended up down the street at a delish Pho shop. (two blocks down, same side as Burma SS, and no wait).
Yes, another positive review about Burma SuperstarI probably have nothing different or exciting that I could add to my experience to B'SuperStar (yes, it's totally delicious and amazing) but since it had kick-started a craving for Burmese food, I feel like I too had to throw in my two cents.I would have given it 5 stars but I had to deduct one since it's really a long long wait. I mean, the food is great, but the hour-to-two-plus line wait is ridiculous. Like everyone else said, the Tea Leaf Salad is really the star on this menu. Crunchy, unique and super tasty. As for everything else (the Burmese Style Catfish Curry, Mango Beef) it's all really great and flavorful but like my friend's brother said "if you close your eyes and point on something, chances that it'll be amazing is pretty high". I wouldn't go as far to say that, since I haven't tried everything on the menu, but it's definitely very good.Tip: My friend was able to call in early to get our name on the list. We still had to wait when we arrived but at least it made our wait a bit less painful. "No Duh" Note: Not crowded during lunch on a weekday.
Even though I am not vegetarian, I just loved loved loved the vegetarian samusa soup here! It was delicious, and the little samusas in it were just the right little surprise in my soup, esp. since they were crispy at one point then soaked in soup. The curry I had was good also but nothing completely stand out to me. Also the tea leaf salad, their signature dish, was something that I think I will like over time, but for the first time, it was a bit strong for me. Still, it is one of their most popular items so I know it's just me needing to adjust to the strong flavors. As I ate more and more to me it was less of a strong taste in my mouth. Service is excellent, and if you ever come here for lunch and it's past 11:30am you can expect to have a bit of a wait. But you'll like your foot at least!
This place came highly recommended by a few of my friends that live in the city and it really delivered! The staff is very welcoming and friendly and were happy to give their own personal recommendations when I couldn't decide what to order. Everything on the menu looked so delicious! We started our meal with the Tea Leaf Salad. Oh my goodness! Just as the menu says, it really is a party in your mouth! The combination of a bunch of ingredients sounds a little strange in print, but once you taste that first bite, it all makes sense and you instantly fall in love! We also the Burmese Samusas. Pretty darn good! Can't say that they were incredible, but I did enjoy them more than others I have had.Along with our meal, I tried the Burma Cooler which was interesting and refreshing! A delicious cocktail of beer, ginger, and fresh lemons. Paired perfectly with everything we ordered. Entrees included Pork Belly with Mustard Greens (highly recommend!) and the Garlic Chili Shrimp (very tasty as well!) We finished our delectable meal with a sweet dessert of Coconut Fritters with Coconut Ice Cream. Yum!All in all, I would definitely recommend this fabulous little restaurant to anyone who visits the city, lives in the city, or needs a reason to go to San Francisco! Burma SuperStar is awesome!
Went to Carrabas of Bowi , just just finisheing there renovation, found out the prices went up food portion cut in half , asked for the manager he keept apologizing , sent the food back instead of offering to take it of the bill, it ruin our dinner , needless to say the waitress was more accomdating than the store manager. $ 14 for small bowel of pasta rip off. sorry carabbas.. Been loyal customer since the day you opened 10+ years ago .No time to find another italian joint .
I think this was.. my fourth time to this place. I've never tried any other Burmese place, but I absolutely love it here! It was my friend's first time trying Burmese food (and this restaurant) and he definitely enjoyed his first time!* tea leaf salad: this was my first time trying it. I've heard that it's a popular dish (featured on food network), so I've wanted to try it. It's very nutty and I liked it.. but I would definitely enjoy this better as a lunch maybe? * rainbow salad: my favorite!!! I love how they lay out all the ingredients for you and mix it together. It's so flavorful!!!! * coconut / chicken flatbread noodles: ABSOLUTE MUST. * pork curry: this was my first time trying the pork & potato curry. It's good, but I wouldn't say that it's anything special. * coconut rice: YUMMY!The waiter looked at us as we were about to add on the pork curry because he thought it was so much food.. little does he know that two of us are PIGS. We were for sure completely stuffed and had major food coma. We also each had Sapporo to go along with dinner :) Think the total bill was around ~$65 excluding tip. * NOTE: This place does NOT take reservations in advance. However, you can call CALL to put your name on the waitlist before you head over (which is what we did). We ended up only waiting about 10 minutes max once we got there. Also - it's only street parking, and it's difficult on Clement street!!
Expect to wait, and wait, and wait, and then wait some more. If you're not there right when it opens, expect to do a lot of waiting. We figured that a Tuesday night wouldn't be so bad, so we got there about 7 or so. Let's just say we're glad we didn't get there later than that as we saw the waiting list skyrocket.After the practically interminable wait, we were surprised when they finally sat us. One small peeve I had was the price of tea. I suppose I'm of the mindset that any Asian restaurant should provide tea at no or low cost. Anyway, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Burmese Samusas, Fiery Tofu with Beef, and Nan Pia Dok. High ratings for food presentation. In regards to the taste, the food is ok but nothing blew me away.I'm leaning towards a 3.5 star rating but because of the wait I'm going to downgrade them. I know it's not completely their fault, but still. I think the place was overhyped to me, which may have led to the disappointment. I'd still go back again to try some more dishes, but I'll make sure to get there early or have someone else leave my name on the list sooner.
Nothing Special. Nothing Bad. Nothing Good. Not memorable.
Simply. The. Best. That is all. Sure, you will wait inline, a long time the later in the week, but boy worth it, for the best cuisine experience on Clement, Inner Richmond, and San Franciso generally. been going there since 1998 and the quality is steady, service great, and menu amazing. Good crowd and buzz too. The lines, even in these hard times, say it all. Punters voting with their feet. And stomachs. And wallets. FTW.
2 stars for the food, 5 stars for the service...since my decision to go to places is mainly (if not solely) based on the quality of food, 2 stars it is.We came on a Saturday night around 7pm and waited for 1 1/2 hr to get a seat. We were told that it would be a 45 min wait. The restaurant nicely left tea out for people who were waiting to drink as it was freezing outside. Also, I like that you can leave your cell phone number so that the hostess can call you when your seat is ready. After 1 1/2 hr of waiting, we were finally able to get a seat because we told the hostess that we were willing to share a big table with random people who also had waited over an hour. I suggest doing that as people are more than willing to share a table to avoid the long wait time. The hostess was very nice and gracious the entire time...I'm sure it's a stressful job.The service was great...we told the waiter that we needed to get the food, eat and leave in 30 min. We had somewhere to be and didn't realize that the wait would be so long. We achieved this goal as the food (3 dishes) quickly arrived and we scarfed our meal down.Now for the food...we ordered the famous tea leaf salad, which I did not like. Call me crazy for not liking a salad drenched with vinegar and lemon. It was way too sour...even the saltiness of the peanuts could not balance the dish.We also got the famous samosa soup. It was good. I prefer the actual samosa though. I don't like drinking curry. Finally, we got the famous chili lamb dish, which I enjoyed the least. Initially, the first bite is good since it tasted like lamb on skewers from a night street market in Asia. THEN, it had some odd aftertaste that numbed my tongue...it tasted like lime. I was glad I had the samosa soup to wash it down as I did not want the weird aftertaste to linger in my mouth all night long. Yuck.The coconut rice that we ordered to accompany the chili lamb was very good. All in all, I left happy because of the service and surprised that people like the food here so much.
One of my favorites in SF. You just have to get there way early for dinner or go for lunch to avoid the crowds.
LOVE, and I mean LOVE this place. EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing! Especially the walnut shrimp...oh and the coconut rice...mmmmmmmmmmmmmm! OKAY, so the wait time is long.. it's usually about an hour...but I go there KNOWING it's a long wait so I don't go hungry. It's completely worth the wait!
In brief:- Had to wait a good 30 min to get in...we arrived on a Monday night at 9...which tells you something. Food must be something worth waiting for.- And it was. Tea Leaf salad, Samusa soup, lamb curry and Spicy chicken...it all blew my mind. - Small space, but intimate and attentive service - really a classy place at great prices.In depth:- I hear there's always a wait at Burma Superstar, so I was ready. We even went across the street to a nice little cafe and got a snack to get us through before dinner. Just be prepared. - We were given the option of sitting at a communal table to get seated quicker and jumped at the opportunity. The communal table seats about 8 but it's totally worth the faster time. - The food: 1. Ginger Lemonade was outstanding and comes highly recommended if you want a little zing before the meal comes out... 2. Tea Leaf salad lived up to expectations. They hand toss it at your table and the crunch and flavors really mix together well for a unique taste... 3. Samusa soup looked like a bunch of random stuff in broth but it worked - every sip/bite got better... 4. is like naan bread but thick and chewey and better... 5. Spicy and crispy chicken was not spicy at all, but flavorful as hell - came with a little broccoli and thick sauce... 6. Lamb curry was tender and packed full of flavor and potatoes - definitely the most familiar dish since it reminded me of something straight out of and Indian restaurant. - By the end of the meal I was practically falling over but it was a great feeling 'cause I knew I ate something authentic and on par with some of the greatest food in SF. - Overall, I give Burma my full 5 stars for its fantastic and fast service and unbelievable food. Loved it and WILL be back!
Why does every one come here? It's not even that great....HELLA small....I came here with my family we ordered a bunch of dishes and not one was "spectacular". It's average. Yall should go check out Mandalay restaurant if you want good Burmese food and there's more seating available!
Great service, delicious food and great drinks!
So fun! If you can't decide between Chinese, Indian, or something else, this is the place for you!If you're the kind of person who's willing to wait in a two-hour line, well, there's a good reason the line is two hours.
food:4/5service:5/5Definitely comming back again.This place has great food over all. I went there dining family style where everything was shared. I really loved their salad with ginger, I didn't even know ginger and salad can even taste good. Very interesting flavors. The meat dishes are flavorful. They have great curries which have thick sauces. I prefer sauces that aren't runny. The portion sizes are not very big so a party of 3 is best off ordering 4 dishes if you are going to share.The price isn't too high but not a place you would want to frequent all the time if you are on a budget.One tip is not to get the broccoli dish, the one with just broccoli by itself. It tastes like steamed broccoli with only salt and oil, very very bland.
Tea leaf salad, win. Tofu tower, win. Garlic noodles, win. Chicken curry with coconut rice, win! It was my first time trying Burmese food and I loved every minute of it. My friend who came with waited forever and a day for his curry chicken with coconut rice, but I told him it was extra delicious and made with more love. Other than that, service was attentive, speedy, and friendly.Burma supastar that is what you areComin from afar reachin for the starsRun away with me to another placeWe can rely on each other uh huhFrom one corner to another uh huh
of course, the Tea Leaf Salad.. as good as advertised. Food Network, etc etc..  it's a crime to not order it.The curry is really good, and not overwhelming, the pork is really tender, and their noodles are tasty. everything goes perfectly w/ the coconut rice!I think I had a lychee mojito. i just remember liking it. thumbs up!
fantastic !!!!! go go go !!!
Came here today with my g/f for the first time. Everybody's been giving a lot of good reviews so we decided to come here as well as the long lines.I can't believe no one ever mentioned about some stupid fee they charge on the bill. San Francisco Health fee $1.50 !? this is for the workers healthcare... i mean wtf!? I never went to a restaurant that charges this fee. It's small, but it adds up. How come other restaurants don't charge this health fee? Second, the food is expensive! For the portions that they give, it is not worth it at all in my opinion. For ya'll who think it's really really worth it, "you are sooo dumb, you are really really dumb." I mean, how is it possible that we order the food, and it's ready on the table within 5 minutes when there's a full house? for $15 plates, i don't think i wanna eat microwaved food.The service was pretty good in my opinion, but my g/f thought our waiter didn't do much. The other waiters were nice enough to take our check as well as give us a scoop of ice-cream because we had to wait to get our credit card back since the internet was down. I expected a lot more for the price especially the food, but i don't think i would come back again.
Delicious and super fast service!This restaurant was recommended to me over the weekend while chatting with a former San Franciscan at a bar. Since it is within walking distance, I thought, "why not?" I am so glad I tried it!Based on previous reviews I braced myself for a wait as we showed up @ 7pm on a weeknight. People were waiting outside but, apparently a party of 2 was not a problem so in we walked.The service is spot on. We were greeted by our server right away. Throughout our meal she checked on us periodically and her assistant made sure my tea was hot and waters were full.As we looked at the menu deciding what to order we knew 2 of us could not eat everything we wanted so we skipped the samusas and ordered the tea leaf salad, coconut chicken noodle soup and the Burmese beef curry with coconut rice. The Tea Leaf Salad is so delicious, I easily could have made a meal out of this. There are so many different flavors that pop in your mouth and the tea leaves (which they do go to Burma for) add such a nice sweet tangy flavor. The soup was also delightful. My dinner partner kept trying to compare it to thai coconut soup which is why he may not have enjoyed it as much as I did. It was rich, creamy and very tasty. The beef curry was also very good. It was very similar to a pot roast I make at home.A very solid performance from Burma Superstar and I really can't wait to try it again. Next time - I'm not missing the samusas or rainbow salad.
I love, love, love the samusa soup, just like all the other yelpers who visited here. To stay traditional I ordered the tea leaf salad which was not what I expected, but I actually enjoyed it. it's definitely worth trying at least once. The broccoli was fantastic and my bf couldn't stop raving about the sesame chicken. He also got the calamari which he also loved. We both agreed that the food was great, service was exceptional but, it was a little small and cramped. We got there around 6pm on a Friday and we didn't have to wait which was superb. Also, the portions are large an prices are pretty descent.But, parking is hard so if you live in the neighborhood get take out or come early so you don't have to wait.
Extraordinarily yummy Tea Leaf Salad and Chicken w/Tofu Dish as well as attentive staff..Portions were generous and I'd definitely try the soup next time.. I'd take away a point for the long wait (an hour or so). We ended up using the communal table with 6 other friendly, hungry, and cold pairs..I recommend calling in to place a hold on a table and waiting at Green Apple Books or at Cafe Danube during the wait time. The sister restaurant intrigues me now. Word to the wise: your party must all be present to claim your table!!
The food was good but I didn't find it that original and am not sure it's worth it to wait to get a table for that long (for those who gets to this place during its busy days). On the other hand I didn't order their salad's which is what I think they are most known for. Still, I'm not too keen on ordering a $10-15 salad that will most likely not fill me at all.However, I LOVED the dessert. The fried banana/jackfruit with coconut ice cream drizzled in chocolate AND the fried coconut pudding were to DIE FOR!So I guess if you want something that's different and Burmese you should try this place out on a weekday so you won't have to wait 1-2 hours.
Ok, I know I'm one of the few people that doesn't think this place is all that but I have to be honest, it's just an ok place for me. I never crave the food here but my friends do. I think I've been here around 5 times and have eaten a variety of things on the menu but I just don't get it.And it's really frustrating to me because ALL of my friends LOVE this place, they crave it with a passion, and everytime I go, I just think I'd have rather gone somewhere else to eat. Some dishes are outright nasty to me...the flavors don't mesh. Other dishes are good but not amazing. NOTHING has blown my socks off and made me want to come back here so yeah, you won't find me here waiting a hr for a table.
Service is great and every dish you order is cooked to perfection! Everything I've ever ordered is delicious and you can't go wrong.. Worth the wait. Especially if you go to Q down the street and have a few beers before waiting for them to call you in an hour. Love this place, such great food!
We hopped on the bandwagon and tried the rainbow salad and the samusa soup. We are NOT disappointed!!! The soup had really great flavors and I think I liked it even more than the salad! We overheard the table next to us order the crispy chicken dish so we went ahead and ordered that too. That was a very NOT exciting dish. It was basically sweet and sour chicken. I didnt travel 4 hours by plane to eat sweet and sour chicken!!! Next time I'm not trusting my fellow dining neighbors. We also ordered the coconut curry noodles. They were soooooo good. We also had the coconut milk rice and brown rice to try with our meal. I only had the coconut milk rice and it was yummie! We came on a Sunday around 12:45 expecting a wait but there was none! However, when we left around 2:15pm there was a wait out the door. Parking in this area is VERY DIFFICULT. If you can, carpool!!!
we had catered food few years ago at my company and it was all really great food. highly recommended.
Oh my goodness. Food was excellent. Service was the tops. Bill came out to be a bit more than expected, but I was encouraging additional ordering. Went with a few friends who are now SF locals (since I left a couple of years ago) and who now adore this place. They were right. Started with a couple of their salads shared as appetizers and the platha appetizer w/ curry (like naan w/ curry) and the chicken appetizer was the only one I'd skip.Main entrees were also good. Burma Curry w/ beef, garlic shrimp, burmese noodles. Sides of coconut rice, basmati rice and garlic noodles. Dessert we had the coconut fritters and the jackfruit banana spring roll. I'd say the coconut pudding fritters and the salads and the platha were all phenomenal. Everything else was merely above average.To drink, I shared a pint of the "burma cooler" which was trumer pils with ginger and lemon. I'd skip that and drink straight beer, but others at the table disagreed. Given the beer selection (or lack thereof) I suppose I'd go either way.Entrees were 10-15, Desserts 6-9. Drinks 5+ ($20 for a pitcher of the burma cooler, or $6.95 for one, I believe.) Appetizers were about 10 (7-13) each.Our waittress was incredibly patient with us. She was also extremely helpful in making suggestions (which we appreciated) and those suggestions turned out be 100% accurate. Highlights: Service/Staff, AppetizersLowlights: Bar and Drink Selection
Staff was really nice and personable, and that is the main reason why I'm giving a high rating. The host spoke to my husband on a first-name basis and did a good job in helping us out with our seating. I don't know if my taste palette was off, but I just didn't see why everyone was raving about the tea leaf salad. To me, it tasted salty and weird. We also ordered the garlic noodles and the spicy chicken, and the chicken tasted amazing. When the waitress asked us which rice we wanted, she recommended the coconut rice. When we took our first bite, we did not like it at all because it tasted like a dessert dish instead of something to balance the savory dishes. Luckily she exchanged it for some jasmine rice and didn't charge us the coconut rice.
I was nervous to come back to Burma Superstar. I was completely blown away the first time, but I was also battling bronchitis.It definitely lived up to its memory! Delicous and exotic food, friendly service, and the restaurant got a face lift! It's now brighter and more open.
Whenever I'm heading to Burma, I have the Ghetto Superstar song by Mya stuck in my head :)This place is really incredible, and I'm amazed how successful this restaurant is (per the 2200+ reviews and exposure on the food network). That said, I would like to reiterate I've been here and the east bay location multiple times; and the long wait, food and service has been consistent throughout. I LOVE the rainbow and tea leaf salad. It's amazing how many ingredients are in each, and how you can get two salads with such different flavors. Dish wise, my favorites are the lamb curry and eggplant.I always try to order different things, and try more items on the menu. I haven't been able to find my favorite noodle dish yet. Which at first, I gave this place 4 stars, but the more I think about it, the consistency over multiple visits, from one end of the bridge to the other, and the two delicious salads bumped this review to 5 stars. It is a wait, and kinda a scene, but let's face it. It's delicious Burmese food and how often can you come across that in CA.
We walked around the Inner Richmond for a good hour or so trying to find a place for lunch. After almost settling on a large Chinese joint (vetoed because a couple people in our party were turned off by the amount of bullfrog on the menu), we happened upon Burma SuperStar. I'd heard of the place before, most likely from the stellar reviews here on Yelp, and convinced the group to try it out.This might be my favorite restaurant in San Francisco.I ordered the Chili Lamb and chose the "spicier" option. It is incredibly delicious. The lamb is perfectly cooked and the seasonings are great: onions, chilies, and something else I couldn't identify but could not get enough of. They have a couple options for rice: a delicious basmati with cardamon, and a basic coconut jasmine. I'd highly recommend getting a bowl of each for the table.You'll want to get here early for dinner or lunch. They don't take reservations and the place is always packed. The first time I ate here was at 2:30pm and we managed to get in without a waiting list (our Inner Richmond wandering might have saved us), but the restaurant was still full at that time. When I returned a week later for more Chili Lamb, it was 6pm on a Sunday and we weren't seated until around 7:30pm. There are a lot of nice little shops in the area, though, so come early, put your name on the list (they take your cell phone number), and head over to Green Apple Books or check out some of the boutiques on Clement.
After two reviews on the "Line for Burma SuperStar", I finally was let into the reviewers club, 2000+ reviews deep, for Burma SuperStar, the actual restaurant.The evening of my sister's 21st birthday started out in true my-family fashion: we had picked one restaurant only to find it was closed on a Tuesday (didn't check yelp, OF COURSE), then we all panicked to find something open, while I was in a holding pattern at Stonestown waiting for everyone to figure out what to do next. They landed on Burma SuperStar. I sighed and trecked over to the Inner Richmond half hoping I'd have a third encounter with the line for Burma SuperStar and I could just get my grub on at Giorgio's down the street. Finding a table for two babies, plus five adults was going to be as fun as a hysterectomy. I put my name down begrudgingly and immediately went to get a cocktail across the street in preparation for the wait of all waits.Then. It happens. We get seated. I almost don't know how to act. I pick up the silverware almost not recognizing it and I look at he faces of others in the restaurant to see if they are in fact angels of god. I HAVE CONQUERED YOU WAITING LINE!!!!!Then we bring it, as only my family could. We order everything on that f'ing menu. String beans, chicken, beef, salad, samosas, coconut rice. And we thrash the table. We massacre our food and leave small remnants everywhere. Then we get ice cream too and maul that! After we leave, I look at the couple that was sitting next to us and they are timidly eating their string beans, obviously haven't had the triumphant moment I had just experienced.I am a winner. Oh and the food was pretty good too--not life changing, but I wouldn't kick it out for eating crackers in bed.
I love to try different types of food and while recently visiting my son (I'm from Florida) we ate here.The food was really awesome. We started with the tea leaf salad which was amazing.I would def eat here again! It is a real experience. A Taste Bud explosion!!
I honestly had no idea what this place was until after I ate there (I know, I use to live in a Yelp-less cave).The first thing I noticed in the menu was the Tea Leaf Salad, because there was a note that it was featured on Food Network so I just had to try it! The server delivered the food and mixed it. It smelled a bit strange and it did not really look very appetizing. I tried it, and my first bite was average. Usually I Mmmm, if the food is good, but I didn't. BUT after eating more and more of it, I was in love. The crunchiness of the nuts and the strong flavor of the sauce was the perfect combo. I could not get enough of it! I literally wanted to lick the plate, but I couldn't- just to save face.I also ordered the spicy chicken noodles, which tasted like pad thai on a good day! Yay!I have yet to try the coconut rice, but I hear it is Bomb.com. I hope to see you again, Tea Leaf Salad!
Burma Superstar, that is what you are...Wow, the chicken in the curry lunch dish just falls off the bone. It must have been cooking in the sauce for hours, since it's totally absorbed the flavor. So yummy. The coconut rice provides a perfect combination. I couldn't ask for a better lunch. :)
Coconut rice and lime chicken - I die.
Tea Leaf Salad was AMAZING! It was my groups first time eating Burmese, and our server was very helpful. I'll definitely go back for the salad next time I'm in San Fran.
I've eaten here twice and every time it was an otherworldly experience. How I wish they were less popular, so I could eat here more often!! The sad part is, they do not take reservations.If you've never had Burmese food, you're in for a treat. It's not quite like Thai or Indian, but somewhere in the middle. A lot of savory spices are used but the food itself is not spicy, per se. The flavors are rich and intense. The food is fresh, not too oily or fried except for a few appetizers.I've tried a lot of different things on the menu and loved their samosa soup the best. I dream about that soup. I didn't enjoy the tea leaf salad that much but then I realized I had been ordering the vegetarian version. I want to try to non-veggie version next time since it is seasoned with dried shrimp and probably adds a missing element. I also had the rainbow salad, which boasts 22 ingredients. The salad is quite delicious and very impressive in appearance, texture and flavor.If you want to get seated promptly, show up before the dinner rush which happens at around 7:00-8:00 PM. Also, earlier in the week is less busy than later in the week or weekends.I highly recommend this restaurant, and all Burmese food, for that matter. I tried Pagan and it wasn't that much different than Burma Superstar, to tell you the truth.
i'm chinese and love indian food. best compromise -- BURMA SUPERSTAR! never had burmese food, but this is definitely the place to go if you're a first timer to trying more "exotic" foods. tea leaf salad lived up to the hype, very tasty. the chili lamb was also delish -- but i would suggest ordering it even spicier than it comes. to top it all off, the service was awesome! we all know service tends to be the last priority at most asian restaurants... but burma superstar has it down.
I'm torn between 3 stars and 4 stars, but for the price and because of the excellent service, I'll give it 4 stars.We ordered a total of 6 dishes. I thought everything was 'average' except for the Tea Leaf Salad, which was spectacular.The chili-lamb was spicy but not spicy enough (in my opinion) and the shrimp curry was good but not amazing.Fried banana with ice-cream was also good but not amazing.I'd come back but probably try a few other places first and not worth the wait of 45 minutes. 3.5 stars.
I can't believe I didn't review this place until now. The only thing I could imagine docking a star for is how long you usually have to wait and how crammed it can be. But I simply don't give a damn when the food is this good. I have honestly never had a bad meal in this place. The sangria is unexpectedly tasty, yet a little bit weak. The trio of rice is a necessity no matter what entrees you order (the coconut rice is literally a toungasm).My main dish recs: Walnut Shrimp, Lamb Curry, Garlic Eggplant (this will turn any eggplant hater, myself included, into an addict), Tea Leaf Salad (the rainbow is overrated to me), and... everything else...
There's really nothing more I can add that the other 2,000 + yelpers haven't already said. This place is bomb. The food is delish! Staff is friendly. Always a line. Tea leaf salad is a must.Come here. NOW.
I think people are doling out 5 stars simply because it has a seriously cool name.All menu items are good. I have had it all from tea salad to poodhi, but my gramma makes much better, and so does Mandalay and a couple other places. Definitely a place to try, but I put it into that catagory of "tourist attraction" since my out of town friends will love to tell stories about it and they can remember the name and how they waited in line forever for this really cool meal where they can't pronounce any of the dishes...ooo how exotic.Overall, overrated.
There are over a thousand reasons why you should eat here. One more can't hurt.If you go here, definitely get the Tea leaf salad and the Rainbow salad. The coconut rice is a must with your entree. Three of us shared the salads and were able to finish an entree each (barely)Note: There was about a 20 minute wait for the place and there is no reservation system. Food:Tea leaf Salad - AMAZING. Tea leaves from Burma mixed with some amazing ingredients which give beautifully nutty taste. Rainbow Salad- AMAZING. A very light salad with it's own set of flavors which come from 4 different noodles. The spices leave you with a little bit of a flour taste, but the salad is soo tasty.Coconut Rice is an infusion of coconut milk with jasmine rice. It compliments your dish and is tasty on its own. Nan Pia Dok - flat rice noodles with a coconut chicken curry. I ordered this dish and thought it was amazing. The sweetness from the coconut and peas was really well balanced with the chillis. I also liked that the curry was not too thick. Burmese Style Curry with LAMB: Very tasty. The meat almost falls apart in your mouth and the spices are great- at this point I was filling up with my dish. It did not wow me as much as the salads.Vegetarian Kebat - This stir fry was amazing according to my friend. By the time I tried it, I had no room left in my belly and wasn't as wowed. I also thought it was a bit bland and did not compare to my dish or the salads.
It's as if everyone wants the Early Bird Special, because even at 5:30pm on Sunday, there was a line at this place. We're only a party of two, but had around a 30 minute wait. I did like that we could just leave a phone number and go hang out at a nearby coffee shop; that's much more enjoyable than waiting half an hour in line.Anyway, onto the food:Tea Leaf Salad: I was happy to knock off #17 on the Big Eat SF list. From reading the reviews here, you'd think eating this salad would be a religious experience or something. Don't get me wrong, I love the way the lemon juice mixes with the tea leaves, seeds, and nuts, but I wouldn't call it amazing. Plus, I asked for it to come with dried shrimp, and there were none to be found. Maybe they were hiding.Nan Gyi Dok: It's rice noodles + chicken + coconut milk curry. It's really tasty.Burmese Style Curry w/ Catfish: I like the way the medium-spicy tomato sauce works with the fish. If you're not used to eating fish with bones in it, get this with the shrimp instead. Goes well with brown rice.In other news, our server was good. Maybe she can win a Peace Prize, too.
Tea Leaf salad!!!! So GOOD! Went here with a party of 8 and the service was great and the food was awesome- but it was a Sat and it took 2 hours so that kind of sucked. BTW- if they tell you to go to B-Star because you don't want to wait, don't. The food isn't nearly as good there but it still costs the same...
Quite good; long wait times though. We had take out; the food was excellent, the tea leaf salad was refreshing. Would return.
Its simple, the food was just amazing!!!Had the lettuce wraps, the tea leaf salad and the Burmese beef curry. It was amazing! I wish I could have tried more dishes but I was so full. I have heard that you can wait for like two hours during dinner service. We went for lunch and waited 15 minutes.Some of the best food I have had in a long time! I cant wait to go back.
Came here one weekend with my sister and her husband, and there was a wait. But I liked that they had hot tea for those waiting outside since it was a bit chilly. We ordered the tea leaf salad, vegetarian samusa soup, spicy and crispy chicken, garlic noodles with duck, coconut rice and riblets.  I thought the tea leaf salad was amazing and I loved the different texture with the nuts/seeds and just the depth of the dish. But everything else was just okay. I never had the soup before and I decided that while I do like falafels, they just don't belong in the soup. It was just too different for me. The crispy chicken wasn't exactly crispy but the dipping sauce it came with was good. The noodles weren't anything special. And I thought the riblets were too flavorful for my palette and just a bit hard to eat despite being cut into bite sized pieces.So while it is a nice little restaurant with a nice atmosphere and friendly staff, Burmese food just wasn't for me.
If you like spicy, exotic and satisfying -- and don't mind waiting in line for a bit -- then Burma Superstar is a good bet. People get there at 15 minutes before opening. But it goes quickly, and some just pop down the street to the other location, B Star.
Went here on a Saturday and boy is it busy. We had a large party of 11.. We phoned in for reservations and they said it would b about two hours and that was fine... But the really nice thing was they called us back to let us know that our table will b ready in 15.. So that was great.. Oh man when walking in.. that place was so crowded.Well being that it was my first time there as well as a couple of others we ordered sooo much food... and boy was I stuffed here are some of my favorite dishes and a definite must to try!-Burmese Samusas -Tea Leaf Salad -Moh Hinga( Catfish Chowder) -On Noh Kauswer( Coconut Noodle Soup) -Braised Pork Belly with String Beans -Riblettes... -Mango Chicken -Chili Lamb!! loved it -Mango Beef -Garlic Chili Shrimp and cant forget there home made sangria with lychee.... yummy
Ken Starr and the team at the addiction group always made me feel like i was human and they were non-judgmental. Tthe staff at their office were kind and proffessional. I love that I was seen within a day of my detox needs. The Doctor came in at 7 p.m. on a weekend , and the counselor was so kind, she gave me her cell number and really went above and beyond anyone I have ever met. These Guys saved my life and the care is amazing. They are growing so fast and with addiction the way it is.....they are so needed. I am so grateful I found them! Thanks GUYS!
Great! Very nice
not a lot to be added here - so many reviews - the food is good but not sure it's stand-in-line for an hour good. i'm a fan of the tea leaf salad and the fried flat bread with curry (platha and dip)...service is good they are pretty nice...
Fantastic food, and great service. The only problem is you have to wait awhile to get seated.
Its good.
There has always been this hype about Burma SuperStar, but I've never had the opportunity to try it out until an early Monday afternoon when I was waiting around the area for a hair appointment. My friend and I heard about the tea leaf salad and decided to check it since we could reap the rewards of it being Monday and we didn't have to wait an hour or two to be seated. The service was good-4 stars.We had the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, and garlic noodles. I have to admit, I pushed for the three stars because of the tea leaf salad. It was pretty darn good. The pine nuts gave it a fun texture to eat-4 stars. But I wasn't over impressed. The rainbow salad (as featured on the 'Food Network') with 22 ingredients and the garlic noodles, I was completely underwhelmed-2 stars. I kept saying as I took each bite, "I think I've had better" and "Two hrs in line for this? really?" In conclusion, Burma Superstar, go if you have a free weekday off to avoid the wait. Its really nothing out of the ordinary.
i was referred to this place from a foodie i trust. thankfully, i listened to him and tried it while i was in the bay area. we had a very early dinner (around 5pm) and it was still completely full.this was my first experience with burmese food and i am officially converted. it was an ideal blend of indian and chinese food, mixed with thai flavors (curry, etc).the samosa soup was OUT OF THIS WORLD good. so was the tofu with okra. even the desserts were delightful.also, the staff was UNBELIEVABLY friendly and attentive, which really made the experience complete. i will definitely be back.
I love Burma Superstar. It's a family-style Thai-Indian fusion with a great selection of entrees. Definitely order the Nan Pia Dok and the coconut rice, I promise you won't regret it. Stay away from the beer though, it's yuck!
This is the best Burmese place I have benn, and the onlye..hehehe, although I can say I deeply enjoyed the food here while visiting the city. Go for the Tea Leaf Salad, a must!!
As I'm getting acclimated to SF, and adjusting my rating system, I have to go from five to four. This place is really great and worth trying. But relative to other places that are great and worth trying, it's a solid four.
Rarely do I give 5 stars, but BurmaSuper Star deserves it simply for their food and service. The hour wait was worth it!!!Granted I think waiting for an hour may have been the reason why everything tasted so damn good, but my friends and I came out of the restaurant as happy as we could be - Good Food = Happy Customers =).We went on a friday night, arrived at 7:30..wait time ONE HOUR. Be also prepared to look for street parking, and this area can be very busy on a friday night. The downside, NO RESERVATION. But I now see why, so many people go here regardless of the wait, it's no wonder they don't want to take reservations, SMART BUSINESS OWNER!FAMILY-STYLE RESTAURANT - A+There was 4 of us and everything we ordered was just right, if not more, cause we were stuffed! We ordered two salads and 4 entree and each of us had our own drinks.Our Favorites Hands Down (in order of preference):1. Rainbow Salad - love the tangy, savory, flavorful taste...yummm2. Tea Lead Salad - love the nutty, salty, crunchy, flavorful taste3. SuperStar Noodles - Deeeelicious!4. Braised Pork Belly - Falls off the boneThe rest were just equally good:1. Lemongrass Salmon2. Beef Kebat3. Coconut Rice/Brown RiceThe boys really loved their beer, while the girls were okay with their mango mix drink.To end the evening, we couldn't resist but share a fried banana with chocolate glaze and coconut ice cream.....sooooo good!ALL of this was about $30-$40 per person.We would definitely come back Here agAin.
I've never really had Burmese food before so my best friends decided to take me to Burma superstar! We got the rainbow tea leaf salad, a coconut curry soup with noodles, Poodi with potato curry, spicy crispy chicken and platha. Although I enjoyed the crunchy things in the salad I didnt really enjoy the flavor of the tea.. The soup was DELICIOUS and the curry was tasty but the poodi was very dry and heavy. The Chicken was crispy, tangy, sweet and spicy.. the perfect combo and the platha was very yummy. They were very busy for 6:00 on a wednesday night and I wouldnt want to sit by the door again but the service was great and very helpful/knowledgeable... I look forward to going back again.EDIT: I cant believe I almost left out my favorite part of the meal! You must get the coconut rice with fried onions... TO DIE FOR!
- y u m -Finally! Seeming like I never could find the right time to eat here at Superstar, I always give up the wait and end up somewhere else. But after reading my b u d d y  Daniel L's great review a few weeks ago, I decided to give the wait another try. Luckily, however, I came here during lunch on a Wednesday, and there was no wait at all. We were quickly greeted and seated, and had waters dropped off at our table. Lunch prices were very reasonable. We started off with the Chicken Samosa which was great! Loved the flavor inside, mixed with the sweet sauce and the curry flavor inside. Great combination. For entree's my sister and I shared with Vegetarian coconut flat noodles, served cold. Portion was a bit small even for one person, but considering it was a lunch size, it's okay. However, I do recommend anyone who decides to order this as their entree, to defintely get an appetizer as well. We also shared the Sesame Chicken Over Burmese Fried rice. Great dish! Loved the flavor of the sweet and sour sauce. The portion of fried rice was huge, y u m m y fried rice-- it covered the whole oval sized plate. Wish they gave a little bit more Chicken, but overall, very very flavorful dish. w o w ! In addition to the great food, we were served by this cute Asian guy. Had a nice deep voice! =D* Hahaha, he was very attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu. Everyone helping us that lunch was great. But it was the hot-ness of that one guy that made my meal extremely satisfying, and hungry for a little more Burma Superstar!
Make sure you come way early and put your name on the tab. They don't take reservations!
Impressed with every dish, with service to match. The name is not hubris. No reservations, so get there by 4:45pm or so if you don't want a long wait.
I was feeling a little sad and lonely because everyone else on Yelp has reviewed Burma Superstar so I brought some out-of-towner's with me to the joint, instead of Mandalay which I love, or Burmese Kitchen which is so close to my work, or Bagan which makes me giggle because it used to be called Pagan and I pictured all sorts of idol worshiping shenanigans going on there.See, I used to be mad at Burma Superstar because Mai's, which is across the street, is so delicious yet people will line up for HOURS to get into B.S. when they could have a perfectly good meal at Mai's. And also because I witnessed with my own eyes a group of hipster douchebags sit at Mai's and drink water and tea and pretend to look at the menu until they got their call from B.S., where they were on the waiting list but didn't want to wait in the cold, which, seriously, punk-ass-bitch move, hipsters.But that is NOT Burma Superstar's fault. Anyway, the food was good! And the room was nice and the table appeared to be teak, which was a nice touch, and they raise funds for Myanmar relief aid which is very good of them. They tolerated my annoying children very well which was also terrific, and they serve coconut milk out of the actual coconut which makes my kid hyperventilate with excitement, so bonus.Oh yeah, the food, the food. We had a good tea leaf salad and an excellent rainbow salad, and the braised pea shoots were great as was the chicken curry. I can't speak for the stewed pork and yams because Fred didn't share. Everything was fresh and flavorful and nicely presented.The room is LOUD which brings me down.The waitress saw a hair in the tea leaf salad and whisked it away to replace it, so yay waitress! Except she brought the pork and yam stew when we ordered the curry, then brought the correct dish five minutes into the meal and just kind of stood there meekly offering the correct dish, without explaining what happened or how they would adjust the bill or anything, so mehhhh waitress! in a nutshell, good food but not necessarily worth the crazy wait people are willing to put up with to go here (we breezed in due to a miracle of timing).
3.5 stars rounding down to 3. I've heard many things about this place, mostly good, so I was waiting with much anticipation to try it out. I came here on a weekday and the wait was about 30 minutes. It is a relatively small place, and they try to cram as many tables as they can inside. We ordered the rainbow salad and lamb curry. The rainbow salad was an interesting dish - our server patiently explained the ingredients and proceeded to mix it together for us. I liked this dish. The lamb curry on the other hand... The meat was not very tender, and the curry itself was not as flavorful as I liked. Would I come back again? Maybe. But definitely not in a hurry to do so.
Wow, I can't remember the last time I had to wait so long for a table! We went late on a Friday, but it still took several hours to be seated. We actually had to go down the street to a pub to get some snacks before dinner, and my friends were not amused! They didn't think the food was worth the wait. But I loved the vegetarian samusa soup! It was so delicious and is easily one of my favorite soup dishes! The Burmese Cooler was a little odd - I'm not a fan of ginger but had to try it while I was there. I loved that most of the dishes could be made vegetarian. I had the superstar vegetarian noodles, and we shared the tea leaf salad, which I've had at another restaurant before so I was prepared for the flavor. No one else was particular impressed with the food, probably because it took so long to eat. I think I was the only one who really enjoyed the meal! Burma Superstar was one of the places that was recommended over and over again by different friends while I was living in San Francisco, and I can see why. The samusa soup alone is worthy of another visit the next time I'm in town!
(Lunch - Fri., Aug. 28, 2009)I've been to B.S.S. a few times when I used to live in SF. I don't remember it being outrageously good, but on a recent trip back "home" from SoCal, one of my travel buds wanted to check this place out based on glowing reviews from Yelpers.Ambiance:Small little place painted in some dark maroon color with a few Burmese accents. Compared to what it was years ago, it's markedly improved some.Food:Burmese Samusas - I'm not sure what makes these particularly "Burmese" (as they pretty much taste the same as the ones I've had at Indian and Singaporean/Malay restaurants). The curry flavor was nice, and potatoes were soft and delicate. Tastes good, but nothing extraordinary.Rainbow Salad - Not sure what comprised the "22 ingredients" since we counted probably around 10 give or take...the rest of it must have been in the dressing. Also, each of the "22 ingredients" were but a small spattering. I liked the tangy tamarind sauce, but aside from that, the dish was a bit underwhelming.Tea Leaf Salad - We were pretty excited about trying this dish from all the rave Yelp reviews. In all honesty, it was my least favorite dish. The fermented tea leaves and all the various nuts and seeds made the dish...please forgive me...taste like bird feed. Mind you, I've never tasted bird feed first hand, but I used to work in a pet store and stacked bird feed like no other. If I could translate the smell of bird feed into a dish, it would be the tea leaf salad.Garlic Noodles w/ Pork - No garlic taste, and very thin, minute shreds of pork. Meh.Final Thoughts:People who know the culinary "me" will agree that I won't mind paying a pretty penny if the experience is worth it. However, I kinda want my money back from BSS. It was expensive, mediocre, and the portions were ridiculously small. Because I'm a shallow person, +1 star for the cute waitress that explained the dish prior to mixing.In essence, for me personally, BSS is overrated.
We went here after visiting the SF Zoo. We totally Scored again w/ parking since someone was pulling out on Clement. Since it's a Holiday 7/4/07 we got it FREE too.No line which I was surprised & happy to see. Glad many are eating at home today. It's a small restaurant so if you are on the aisle side you will get bumped lots of times. Hard to get in & out of seats.We ordered:Tea Leaf Salad $8.25Ginger Salad $7.75Superstar vegetarian noodles $8Sumosa soup medium $9, if u want large it's $11.Spicy chicken w/ fresh basil $9.75Everything was good, but not special. We really liked the soup though it is salty & a bit spicy. Spicy chicken isn't spicy at all. Portions are kinda small, but since we had 5 dishes we got 2 small containers of leftovers.I didn't see the Ginger Lemonade on the menu since I don't usually order any drinks, but many ppl around us got them. If I go again I'll get one.One unisex bathroom available on the right side of the restaurant, then immediately on the left.Credit cards taken. My total $42.75 + $3.63 tax =$46.39 before tip.
Lives up to its reputation. Called first but they said they weren't that busy and should just come over. We did and were seated immediately. It was packed but with a constant stream of ins and outs so no one seemed to wait. It seemed mostly filled with devoted locals. The tea leaf salad was an amazing explosion of flavours. Really unique and very good. Also ordered the rainbow salad, samusa soup, mongolian chicken that came over a bed of yellow grain rice and broccoli. Pumpkin prawn stew came with large, very fresh prawns. Cinnamon rice was a good accompaniment. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared.Staff were wonderful. Cannot say enough good things about this place.
Awesome. There's a lot of hype to this place, and it met my expectations. There's a long wait so get there early or prepare to wait. They take your phone number so you can go grab a drink while you wait. They also served hot tea for the people waiting which was a nice touch. Staff was very friendly, our waitress recommended several dishes. They prepare some of the dishes right in front of you and serve some of them for you which is a nice touch. My favorites that I tried were the tea leaf salad:menuvore.com/content/teaThe vegetarian Samusa Soup:menuvore.com/content/vegand the Pork Pumpkin stew:menuvore.com/content/pumAlso worth noting that they donate some of the money from their restaurant to a clinic and pro-democracy organization in Burma.
The most awesome meal we had in SF during our 4-day stay. We had the Rainbow Salad, which was so different but pleasant. The pork and pumpkin stew with coconut rice was PERFECTION and the noodle dishes were good. For drinks we had the ginger limeade and it was amazing. Tip: avoid the crowd and try to go during off-peak hours. The wait is totally worth it, though.
Dear Burma Superstar,Wow, you are good times! How delicious can a restaurant get?! I took my cousin and aunt here, who are from NYC - they have high standards on food and they adored this place. We got the following dishes:Tealeaf salad: Delectable. Wowza. All those ingredients, the tealeaf is super different and adds a great flavor. I highly recommend this - you won't get this taste anywhere else, I guarantee it.Vegetarian Samusa soup: Melts in your mouth. For anyone who is indian, it kind of reminds me of daal, but a better version. It has a flavor of lentils, but it's so so so good. You must get this, you won't be disappointed.Shan noodle: Below par, not good. they were oily, didn't have much flavor, I wasn't a fan. My aunt/cousin weren't either. I would stick to the cold noodles they offer - I forgot the name of them, but ask your waitor.Catfish: Holy smokes. SO GOOD. The sauce - you can just have it with the jasmine rice, which is unbelievable btw, and you'll be set. The catfish was excellent and so flavorful.Chicken: I forgot which one we ordered because I didn't eat this, heard it was not good.Overall, BURMA SUPERSTAR is amazing!!! Great mix between indian, thai, chinese, etc. It's so so different, I highly recommend it - also, get the sangria pitches, a great bonus. And also be prepared to wait for awhile. so worth it though! :)
Maybe I was in a bad mood last time?? I don't know...but I went to Burma SuperStar again, this time with about 10 people. Sharing your food family-style lets you try everything - and believe me, you'll want to!! All the food was amazing, so fresh, so unique, and I reeeally enjoyed the dishes that I was under-impressed by last time.I am in love with their coconut sticky rice; seriously, I would marry it. Just ignore your friends' warnings about the amount of saturated fat, because this rice is what life is all about! If I ever get a full time job and become less broke, I will definitely come by here more often ;) Unlessss, someone wants to treat me to dinner....?? :)
may i say 'A M A Z I N G'!!!!i was in sf and my one of my girl friends suggested we go have dinner here. food was so NOM NOMwe had shan noodles with chicken, spicy and crispy chicken, and burmese samusas (veggie) with a side of coconut rice and jasmine rice. very flavorful and worth every penny. the wait was about 30mins, although, im not complaining it was worth it for being so yummy. i'll be back with my husband when were back in sf
When I first ate here, I didn't understand what the hype was all about since everyone and their mom's have eaten here before, but the tea leaf salad definitely grows on you. They call it 'crack leaf' for a reason. What's awesome is that they actually have a staff member that travels back and forth between SF and Burma just to bring the tea leaf since you can't get it here. SO GOOD! Vegetarian samusa soup is also delicious. I've tried various noodle dishes, and you can't go wrong with any of them. If you don't get here right when the restaurant opens at 5pm for dinner, expect a LONG wait. If you don't want to wait that long, you can just walk up the street to B Star. Or you can pass the time waiting by going across the street to Genki and eating some yummy crepe dessert before dinner.
I love this place but so does everyone else and their mamas! If you go on the weekends, expect to wait at least an hour for a table. The good thing is that you can leave and they'll call you on your cell phone when they have a table for you. Went last year on V-day and we waited a good 2 hours for a table. They don't take reservations. The place is pretty small so thats why theres a long wait. While you're waiting you can always grab a beer at a local dive bar or a snack in case you're starving while waiting for them to call you. For appetizers, we had the curry with some bread dip which was yummy, the tea salad which i LOVE, the fried calamari which wasnt anything too special just typical fried calamari. Then we had the catfish chowder soup which had rice noodles inside which i LOVE but it could have used more catfish in it, and then some garlic noodles which I thought was just Ok. Its different from the garlic noodles you get at crustaceans or thanh long but its pretty good. For three girls, we were pretty stuffed and had leftovers to take home and all for under $50. Service was great. All the waiters/waitresses were very friendly and always asked if we were doing ok even though it was busy and hectic. They have other locations in Alameda and Oakland but I heard its not as good as this location.
been here a couple of times and each time i have enjoyed it. service is always good, the only down side is the wait. if you come during lunch theres no wait and you can get all the same items on the dinner menu. must haves:samusas: crispy, filled with potates, peas, meat and bursting with flavor. they have an incredible dipping sauce with a kick of spicyness which i love.tea leaf salad: the best one i've had to date. perfect blend of ingredients and flavors. definitley kicked mandalays tea leaf salads butt.Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice: i remember this was the first dish i ever had here...and i fell in love with this place. this dish was so yummy, it was seasoned and flavored to perfection. the chicken was still moist and the rice was different but a good different.Nan Gyi Do: love these noodles, i love curry, chicken and rice noodles. i love how they ask if they can mix the noodles for you. its always a good choice when you aren't sure whats good. would love to get it spicer then it would be perfect.Garlic noodles with duck: delciousness. the noodles have a very good portion of duck sprinkles throughout the noodles you are never left duckless in every bite. its a well balance of garlic noodles and duck. definitley tastes different from other garlic noodles, you dont taste a extremely buttery and garlicky taste but its hinted throughout the meal.i will be back here for lunch again since its not as busy and theres barely a wait!
We go so often I can recite our order (for 2 people):Samosa SoupVeggie SamosaPlatha and DipNan Pia Doc entreeThe Platha dip is the same sauce as the Nan Pia Doc (spelled wrong I'm sure), and it is phenomenal! This place is always busy for a reason! Worth the wait, go early, put your name in, and find a local bar to grab a beer. Don't tell the tourists and conventioneers about this gem!This and Farmer Brown's in the Tenderloin are easily my top 2 favorite restaurants downtown.
After I read reviews of Burma Superstar, I bought into the hype.I went after school (around 2:30), and luckily missed the long wait.Not knowing much about Burmese cuisine, I ordered the popular Rainbow Salad. It was interesting and flavorful, but the service was lacking , as other reviewers also stated.A bit overpriced for the food and service. I wouldn't wait any more than 10 minutes for a seat, but then again I wouldn't visit again.
We are extremely disappointed at this place, not sure how this place got all these rave reviews. This is a Zagat rated place, some dishes were featured in Food Network, and highly recommended by Yelpers...what happened? Did we had a different chef tonight? We ordered all the famous dishes:1. Tea salad - nothing special, actually too salty and a bit sour. They added a lot of lemon to everything.2. Vegetarian Samusa soup - soup base was ok but not very flavorful, the chunky stuff inside was pretty tasty. After the soup was cooled, it tasted really herby and nasty.3. Coconut curry chicken flat noodle - supposed to be a very popular dish, recommended by the waiter. It was probably the best out of the three, but still quite average compare to what I've had before. Curry flavor wasn't there, kind of bland and a little too much coconut. The flat noodle was kind of thick, I've had much better flat noodles. Chicken was perfect though, very tender.So we had three of the most popular dishes and we left the restaurant feeling very disappointed, with some nasty after taste as well. Thank goodness we didn't literally have to wait in line for this kind of food. We called at 5:30pm and they put down our name to reserve a table. One hour later we got there and the timing was perfect, we got to sit right away. This is probably the only good thing about this place, plus the service is pretty good. It's either their food sucks, or Burmese food is just not for me and my husband. It's neither Chinese nor Thai nor Indian - very strange type of taste, in a bad way. I would not recommend coming here. The experience here also makes me think twice about the reviews around here.
Yes the wait is long, but not if you have a very small party and willing to share a table so always check with the waiter/waitress.We got lucky and got seated within 5 minutes, sharing table. Services are alright, but the food is very good. Especially the Spicy shrimp, Catfish soup and Burmese Curry. It's the hint of ginger and the sauces they use. Definintly worth it's fame and reputation.
Really go
I highly recommend ordering their rainbow salad and pumpkin pork stew. The salad was very crisp and refreshing, made from 22 different ingredients: "Four types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, dried shrimp, and a tamarind dressing..." now doesn't that sound delicious?The stew was super savory. The pork was incredibly tender, and the kabocha squash delicately sweet. Paired with coconut jasmine rice... divine!For those coconut lovers out there, definitely order the fresh coconut drink. You'll be served the whole coconut (chilled), and they will chop the top off for you if you ask, so you can eat the coconut meat inside. No coconut from the can here.Within their menu you will also find non-Burmese cuisine as well, so don't be surprised to spot more Chinese, Thai, or Indian dishes in there.The place is generally quite packed, so... (although they say they don't take reservations on their website...) it'd be wise to call ahead. My boyfriend and I did, and they gave us a call when our table was ready.
Burma Superstar will make you leave smiling. Every dish I tried was an interesting mix of hearty deep flavors that were still somehow light and refreshing. The atmosphere is not worth mentioning in this small cramped space but at a place with food like this, it doesn't matter and you'll quickly sink into the flavors in front of you.
If Burma Superstar were a man, I'd be the crazy Glenn Close character stalking him. Of course, I could never boil a bunny, I'm too much of an animal lover.Yet, you get the point. I love this place past any rationale thought. I've eaten at a LOT of places and this place is still one of my favorite restaurants in SF (second only to Mandalay, which is nearby and which I love for Burmese food, as well).Okay, since 2006, I've been pretty much hooked on their version of the Tea Leaf and Rainbow salads. Burma Superstar has set the bar hella high for me. Plus, although they have raised the prices since 2006, their menu is still the same and the quality is still good and portion size still reasonable. The only down side to loving a restaurant with such good food and efficient service...is well, it is TOO POPULAR. I mean, I try to go on Sunday afternoons for lunch b/c I want to avoid the whole up to 45 minute to 2 hour wait times that are projected during DINNER rush. If you want to eat dinner here, you have to arrive EARLY, as it is definitely first come, first serve. Burma Superstar does NOT take reservations (as far as I know).This space has expanded since 2006, by a few feet, but for the most part, the size of the restaurant is still small and it gets PACKED in with clients. They don't have a bar (just a reminder) and they don't have much of a waiting area (just a reminder), so if you really want to eat here, BE PREPARED TO WAIT IT OUT, OUTSIDE. Dress warmly, in layers. Have comfortable shoes on so that you can spend a .5 hour walking around the block. Have your cell phone fully charged b/c that is how they will reach you (they don't have buzzers or pagers). Have some "purse food" to nibble on while you wait. Or, if you are direly hungry, there are several dessert/snack/coffee shops nearby where you can converse.Oh and one more thing, they will often direct you to B-star (their sister restaurant) where you can wait. B-star has a similar, but more contemporary, Burmese fusion menu and sometimes the wait is shorter, so that is another option. Yet, the bar space there is SUPER small and it is like 2 blocks away, so you may just want to hop over to a closer bar to wait it out. Just FYI: the parking situation (street parking) is a PAIN. No good suggestions on how to avoid that headache (look at the other reviews).
I hate to be cliche about it but the rumors are true, the tea leaf salad is simply amazing. All of those flavors just work so well together. Youd think a salad with tea leafs, garlic, and nuts is something less than desired but it was an orgasmic. Thats what she said.We also had the rainbow salad with was ehhhhhh...tasted pretty average. Wasn't bad by any account but it wasnt zomg. Just tasted like noodles with citrus and lettuce compared with the tea leaf. The catfish soup was a little too starchy, and not enough catfish. Lots of noodles and potatoes just underwhelmed the soup, almost making it bland...almost.  The tea leaf salad was enough to skyrocket this restaurant to 4 stars. However the very long wait and the other dishes failed to make me give it a 5 estrella rating. However, the host does get your cell phone, so you don't have to wait. He will just call you when your table is up, which I thought was sort of nice. Just hit up the Cafe Danube across the street for a beer like we did!
Excellent food. great tea leaf salad (with no shrimp) and coconut rice and platha.Always loud in there but you can take out the food and enjoy it in peace.
What happened to you, Burma Superstar? The food wasn't delicious, the wait was especially long, and the service was sub-par. Definitely not worth the 1.5 hour wait.Go elsewhere!
Everyone rants about the Leaf Salad and it's not really that great.. The ingredients themselves are interesting but overly crunchy-- I kept feeling like I was going to crack a tooth. The server sold this dish as being voted as one of the best in some sort of competition and why that is I have no idea. I will say that the banana smoothie was DELICIOUS. The brussel sprouts had very peculiar taste, worth a try. Service was good and restaurant was clean.
Even though the last time I was in San Francisco, I was too sick to really eat any of the delicious food we ordered at Burma SuperStar, I still love this place. The delicious wafts of aroma I inhaled all night were enticing enough to give this place 5 stars, and based on my previous dining experiences here (and those of my fellow diners that night), there is no other way to go.There is a delicious array of Burmese food here, with plenty of options for everyone from vegans to meatlovers. The Tea Leaf Salad is an absolute classic and is delicious and a totally unique flavor experience. The little tastes of the other dishes I managed to keep down were delectable, and include the Samusa Soup, the Vegetable Curry Delux (amazing flavor and very hearty).Be prepared for a long wait- they don't accept reservations, and this is clearly a popular and delicious spot! Our party hopped down to B Star Bar to drink away our wait, which is just a couple blocks down the street and Burma SuperStar's sister restaurant. They'll buzz ya when your table is ready.Enjoy!
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. I don't mind the wait because you can put your name in and then walk around Clement for a while to pass the time. Plus, they will send you over to BStar if they can seat you there sooner. The Samosa soup and tea leaf salad are amazing!
I wish I could pretend to be cool and say that I stumbled upon this restaurant and happened to choose the tea leaf salad and samusas because they sounded delicious based off of their description on the menu. But no. I totally jumped on the band wagon and all of the rave reviews are what got me on a bus headed over to the Inner Richmond to order the famous tea leaf salad and vegetarian samusas. This trip was planned months ahead. Seriously. I did a "staycation" recently and being the food lover that I am, it revolved mostly around trying the "best of" off of lists from various publications and also attempting to check some stuff off of my 7x7 Top 100 list. I am happy to say that the tea leaf salad totally lived up to the hype. When a person reads about a plate in various places and plans months in advance to try this said dish, it really raises the bar of expectations. That said, the tea leaf salad was amazing. It was unlike anything I have ever tasted. I tried to explain it to a few people who have never had it and couldn't put together an eloquent description. It pretty much came out like this: "OMG, it was soooo yummy." Yeah.So the tea leaf salad was amazing and I wish I could eat it a few times a week. If you are one of the few people left in the universe that haven't had it, get your butt to Burma Super Star and order it. I advise not sharing. I went by myself for a reason. Because I wanted to eat the whole damned thing. The samosas were great and the ginger lemonade was super refreshing and unique tasting. My server was very nice and my food came in a prompt manner. I also didn't have to wait for a seat. Mind you, I was there around 1pm on a Tuesday. Burma Super Star lived up to my expectations and I hope to go back soon and try some other stuff. Of course, I will also order the tea leaf salad.On a totally 'not Burma Super Star's" fault note, the couple sitting next to me was sooooooooo annoying. They were everything that I hope I never become. The woman took up about 90% of the conversation and her husband sat there in a trance, only making sound when she said a little louder "Honey? Honey! Honey, did you see what I just did? Look, she poured a cup of water during her bath on my head and said 'more Parmesan? It was soooo cute!" Yeah. The whole freakin lunch was spent with her babbling about their 2 year old and whether they should put her in ballet, gymnastics or karate. And according to the mom, no, 2 years old is not too young for ballet. Don't worry, she has already started the application process to get her son into the most popular elementary school as well. Oh, and this happy couple also planned on canceling this Saturday's "date night", being that they were able to "escape" for lunch on a Tuesday. "We won't need to get a sitter!"
What hasn't been said about Burma Superstar already? After a morning at the Legion of Honor, we wandered over here for lunch before heading back south. They weren't open yet, but after about 30min @ Green Apple books, we were still the first in line for lunch.For two, we had - the Tea Leaf Salad (my first time), an eggplant dish (my partner) and the Sambusa soup. It was a cool foggy day, soup hit the spot. The salad was excellent, service stellar as usual, and no wait.Burma Superstar is an institution. They provide great food and great service, though are a bit pricey.I will return.
Oh yes, try this place. Spicy lamb dish ahhhh, coconut jasmine rice wow!No doubt one of the best eats in the city. If you happen to have the aforementioned lamb dish in your refrigerator overnight beware of a dish that will have become life altering spicy hot. ;)
This was my first time at this location. They made me wait more than a half hour even though there were tables available! That is unacceptable!
Holey smokes...this place is ON POINT! If you love the sweetness of Thai food, the intensity of Indian food, and the dish composition of Chinese cuisine, this place is PERFECT! Considering Burma is between Laos, China, India and alla that, Burmese food apparently is an influence of all of the above!1.) SAMOSA APPETIZER: The samosas were fantastic. The outside wasn't super thick and the bubbly fried like fried wonton skins. It was like the egg roll fried. A thin flakey outer layer that was delicate and not too oily. Perfecto.2.) Famous Tea Leave Salad: very different and interesting but was so new to my taste buds that it was good! Romaine lettuce with fermented tea leaves (get over the fermented part) and a bunch of nuts and herbs. Very interesting taste, but very good. A neato mix of nuts (sunflower seeds, peanuts etc) tasted fresh with the tea leaves (acted as the dressing) and romaine lettuce. I was completed enthralled by the taste...haha.3.) Coconut rice: can't really eff this up...so it was good!4.) Pumpkin/Pork Stew/Curry: So its not really pumpkin but its like squash aka Kobocha! MY FAVE VEGGIE! So basically on the menu there were so many things to order, but I decided I wanted LEGIT Burmese food. SO I GOT IT! When it came out on the dish I was a little bummed out...it looked hella boring...cooked kobocha and pork cubes in an orange sauce...original...cool....nawt. But honestly...it was delicious. Sweet yet savory and the pork was SO tender and moist. I thought it was going to be dry, but it was great. Tasted great over the coconut rice. And I'm a saucey rice type of girl so it was the noms man.5.) Piratha (I don't know how its spelled...) and Curry dipping sauce: sleazed this off of my friend but was...AMAZING! I think it was my favorite! It's like this multilayered bread with this curry dipping sauce. But honestly...the bread is nice and doughy on the inside and tastes almost like a soft pastry/biscuit thing with a crispy outside! It was AWESOME! It tasted like pastry bread thing but more on the savory side. But with the sweet curry sauce it was CRACKIN'. APPROVED.6.) Walnut Prawns: my friend order this and I of course freeloaded some. Was yummy! Not too thick or fried of an outer layer on the shrimp which was nice and the walnuts were good.This place was great. Great, cozy, yet modern and nice dimly-lit touch restaurant. The service was great was well - super helpful and nice and they teach you how to order and what everything is!OH YEAH! Everything is family style which is nice. This was perfect for me 'cause I like multiple little tastes of multiple dishes. Was awesome! Def wanna come here again! SO MUCH TO ORDER!
I love this place, although I usually have to wait an hour to get in. But is it just me, or have the prices gone up quite a bit? I'm still going to come back as much as I can, however, and always recommend it for my out of towner friends. Get the tea leaf salad! And the teas, oh the teas!!
I went here with my family and enjoyed the delicious food (lots of curry flavors in the dishes we ordered, my (cheeseburger-loving) family though some dishes were spicy, but I didn't notice). Very, very long wait (but who cares, they had tea outside). Been wanting to go here forever (so I had high expectations), last time I tried I gave up and went to their other restaurant B Star Bar, which I actually prefer. Even though I prefer B Star, I give Burma Superstar a solid 4 stars, and I did enjoy the food (especially the samosa soup, Thai iced tea and coconut rice). I will definitely go back. Thumbs up.
spicy chicken with fresh basil. delicious.i had been waiting to come to burma superstar given all these reviews and very disappointed i hadn't had a chance to come last july when visiting. i had another opportunity this past may coming to sf with my bf and thankfully he lives in richmond so it's close by. already jampacking my day with food field trips, i had already eaten a nice dinner at slanted door, but i HAD to get burma superstar too. two dinners it was... i had to convince my bf that i wasn't really a fat *ss! but instead of all the warning signs here of long lines, we cleverly decided to order take out, which was the BEST decision of my life. The food was ready within 10 minutes, so we picked it up right away! as i was at the restaurant picking up my food, i noticed it was packed -- with tons of people waiting outside.with each minute that passed by was more anticipation of the wonderful aromas coming out of that brown bag. as soon as we stepped inside, we opened the take out box and tasted heaven. it was so basic, yet so good and flavorful.i can't wait until the next time i can go back and try the other things everyone says to try! thanks burma for ending my trip with a bang.
the best. that is all.
First time ever for Burmese food!Got the rainbow salad, lamb curry, and chili lamb with coconut rice. The main dishes were FANTASTIC! Love the chili lamb, great chili taste!!the Curry was really good too! The salad is good in an unique way. It has a really special taste to it!
Burma Superstar: Heaven on EarthTea Leaf Salad, Samusa soup, any of their curries, lettuce cups--all of it is amazing!! Similar to but tantalizingly distinct from many of the surrounding regions' cuisine. The service is friendly and attentive. I could eat here every day of the week--made my family wish we could find a Burmese a cook if we were able to afford such a luxury.
I ate take out, so I can't speak to the atmosphere of the actual restaurant, but the food was excellent. I loved the tea leaf salad, loved the rainbow salad. Samusas were so crispy and delicious I didn't mind being slightly shorted on the sauce - though ask for extra sauce, cause it is very nice... good level of tanginess. The coconut rice was excellent, and the fiery tofu (I got it with the beef, as I've found lamb can get overdone easily when taken to go) was incredible. Perfect amount of spice, and held up just as well the next morning as a cold breakfast on the way to the airport. Staff was fun and helpful, and I'd have given them all five stars if not for the fact that virtually everything they serve contains MSG.Seriously, though. That coconut rice. Mmm...
This place is deserving of all the rave reviews. It's a dining experience to remember. First of all, the hyped up tea leaf salad is also very deserving. It's the only time I've ever left a restaurant and felt most compelled to tell people about a salad. Beyond that, I've never had anything that was bad. You really can't go wrong here. I wish I could remember the names of some of my favorite dishes, but since I'm not real familiar with Burmese food, it's a struggle. The reason I felt compelled to finally write a review for this places is that I was pleasantly surprised for my birthday dinner last week. Nobody had actually mentioned it to our server, they just overheard my birthday mentioned and at the end of the meal surprised me with some of their delicious coconut ice cream with a candle in it. Thankfully, they didn't sing to me or anything, just wished me a happy birthday and told me to enjoy. There need to be more places like this!
We found this place online while we were on vacation and San Fran and I'm so glad we listened. Oh of the best meals we had out there hands down. I only wish we had more time to go again and try some more of their menu!
This restaurant was recommended by 2 of my friends so I decided to check it out during a vacation in SF from LA. We came on Sunday night about 7pm and there was a lot of people waiting outside. The wait time was about 90 minutes and we were starving so we decided eat elsewhere. The next day we decided to try it one more time before heading back home to LA. Thsi time the wait was only about 10 minutes on a Monday afternoon. We shared the Tea Leaf Salad, Somusa Soup, and the Pork belly with Jasmine rice. The tea leaf salad was delish!!! Somusa soup was ok, neither of us had a second serving from the large bowl. The pork belly was decent, it was very flavorful but but very gelatunous.I would say the food we tried were pretty good but I wouldnt wait 90 minutes to eat it.
The unique tea leaf salad is the thing here. Otherwise, the menu seems a mix of dishes that are Chinese or Indian in origin. Burma lies between the two, so it makes sense in terms of culinary influences.However, this place is nice and will impress anyone new to San Francisco and not yet jaded by many similar jewels in the this town. It offers fresh food, gracious service, crisp ambiance and a location in a colorful authentic part of town.Also, I am decidely non-vegetarian and this place is especially treasured by vegetarians for the expansive choices offered by those of that bent.
Delicious!
RECOMMENDATION:Tea Leaf Salad -- Must have! Extremely good when you mix everything together. This is probably my favorite dish of all times from this restaurant. This is the first restaurant to its sister restaurant, B Star. They're both pretty close to each other; hence, if you don't want to wait in line, they're just a block (or two) from each other. If you don't mind, be prepared to wait at least 15 minutes before getting seated if you decide to try this place out on the weekends around 8pm/9pm. Otherwise, this place is yummy!
Amazing food! Get there early, the line is always long.
This place deserves all the hype. Yes, it is small, and yes, the lines are long, but a little known secret may help. You can call ahead and add your name to the list to minimize the wait. They have the system down.Our server was adorable and very helpful. I love when you can ask "what do you like" and they give you a firm answer. Not "everything is good." His suggestion was the Nan Pia Dok and he was dead on. Great texture and flavor and not too rich.For the next dish, we picked it ourselves and recommend you do too! The Mango Shrimp with Chili Sauce. Delectable. A perfect combination of sweet and spice. On the side, the creamy Coconut Rice. We had our food so quickly we were eating in the matter of minutes. If you are in this neighborhood, or even if you have to make the drive, check Burma Superstar out. You will not be disappointed.
TOTAL disappointment. Food was ok, decent at best. The Tea Leaf salad was fresh but rather bland, needed more lemon juice or something to give it a kick. Huge let down.Curry noodles had a very off flavor, just did not taste good at all. The Sumosa soup was actually very nice, very hearty with chunks of falafel and a nice broth.The spicy cripsy chicken was pretty good but nothing special, quality white mean with a nice coating in a nice sauce. Tasted like Panda Express chicken.Decent food but not worth the wait, luckily we didn't have to wait. not sure why this place has such a huge following on yelp...
Went for the first time on a friend's suggestion.Got there, put names down and said it would be 30 to 40 min and left my number. Went for a walk. Got back 30 min and informed the hostess. The hostess stated she called us three times. I looked at my phone and said I never received ANY calls. I explained that because she said it was going to be 30- 40 min I went for a walk and thought by leaving my phone number you would call.  She was totally unprofessional, but finally got table. All in all we waited 60 minutes for a table that was suppose to be 30-40 min.While waiting, I also saw people being sat WAAAAY before others who were there for much longer which apparently is pretty common. I also saw a patron who opted to go to their other place B Star (down the street) and was told by the hostess at Burma Superstar that there was a table waiting only to be asked to wait outside for 20 minutes. HORRIBLE customer service!!Food was good, not going to complain. Had tea leaf salad, coconut rice, garlic noodles, mint chicken, platha and dip and garlic shrimp. We did have to wait quite a while for waitress service and then all the food came out at once, it was not a good presentation.  I just don't think that the food is worth the wait, perhaps take-out is the best choice.At the end of our meal as we were winding down, the hostess (not even the waitress) came over and started hovering. Well you know what happened next..... Who kicks people out of restaurants when there is still food and wine on our table?I guess I will leave this to the kids over in the RIchmond.....it is too far across town to deal with such lousy service.And the worst thing is that when I left I smelled like a greasy spoon diner......I had to wash my entire outfit when I got home.
I was so disappointed on my visit here a few nights ago. I was expecting the quality and stellar flavors that I have experienced before at the Oakland and Alameda locations, but that is not what I got. The platha bread with dip was nothing special--the bread wasn't flaky and stretchy, and the dip was blah. Rainbow salad was not filled with vibrant colors or flavors, though the crispy garlic was delicious. Samusa soup was the biggest disappointment--mostly liquid, very little samusa and what was there was crispy hard and again with little flavor or color. Potato poodi was boring, as was the eggplant except for the crispy garlic. For dessert, the best part of the coconut fritters was the ice cream. On the up side, the service was excellent! In spite of this pitiful report card, I do plan to try the Oakland location again, but it will be a long, long time and require many good reviews before I will again trek all away over the bridge from Berkeley out to the Sunset to come here.
In the words of Amy Poehler and Seth Meyers, Really? People actually wait over an hour to eat here?? Really???I came here for the first time for lunch on a weekday to avoid the crowds and was excited to see what the hype was all about. My mom and I had their famed vegetarian samusa soup, a side order of platha, two noodle dishes, and a catfish chowder. Unfortunately, we were mostly disappointed.I wasn't a fan of the spices in the SAMUSA SOUP (yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw). I also really didn't like how soggy the samusas and falafels got after soaking in the soup (and we finished the soup quickly, so it wasn't like we were letting it stand). The PLATHA (yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw) was really greasy and too thick. I've had way better parathas at other restaurants. The SHAN NOODLES (rice noodles in a spicy tomato sauce) (yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw) were really disappointing. It had a vibrant red colour (yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw) so I was expecting it to have a rich tomato flavour, but it was really bland. I didn't bother taking the leftovers home because I knew I wouldn't eat it.The other noodle dish we had, BUN TAY KAUSWER (coconut chicken curry flour noodles) (yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw, yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw) and the CATFISH CHOWDER (yelp.com/biz_photos/eYXw) were really delicious. They both had amazing flavours and there was a lot of fish in the soup, but Yamo also makes a really good fish chowder for almost half the price.It was a good thing I didn't have to wait in line for this food, or this might've been a 2-star review!
What an amazing amount of flavors and food that is so different than what I normally experience! I never have had Burmese food, so I don't have all that much to compare this food to. BUT I do know it tasted great! I also think that our 10 minute wait did not hinder on our experience, like most people mention. So my suggestion is go at a random lunch hour. Maybe, I was just lucky with my wait time? I went with my sister and we split the samosa soup! Oh my gosh, this was the best vegetarian soup I have ever had! It seemed so meaty, but in fact there was no meat at all- what a concept. I ordered the Rainbow Salad- with 22 different ingredients. I loved the flavor and all of the different types of noodles in the salad. My sister ordered the Tea Leaf Salad- also quite tasty. This was more of the traditional salad with lettuce leaves, but boy was it tasty. Finally we had to order dessert because we knew it would be a treat- banana and jack fruit fried. So yummy!
It's tough when your restaurant builds all this hype and people hear all these great things and expect the food to just blow their freaking mind. Okay well, Burma SuperStar is in fact a great restaurant with delicious food, the line goes out the door, and it's one of the most popular places to eat in San Francisco.That being said, don't let the hype get to you. If you haven't tried this place out yet, just go in there with an open mind and try to ignore all the raving and gushing your friends have been yacking on about. I was fortunate enough to make this one of the first places I ate in the city when I first moved here and I've been routinely going ever since. But I'm just as big a sucker for hype as anyone else, so just pretend it's a great movie that's just come out: a) don't watch any of the previews, b) don't read any snobby critic reviews, and c) smack anyone that tries to tell you about how great it is. Cover those three bases and Burma will be a restaurant with food. No prior adjectives allowed.
It took me three years of living in the neighborhood, but I finally ordered take-out from Burma Superstar and tasted the food that everyone seems to be raving about in this city. I have to say, it was pretty much as good as people say it is. We went nuts and ordered 7 different things. I hauled a beautifully heavy bag of deliciousness back to my apartment and we dug in. Pretty much everything we ordered was fantastic. Vegetarian Samusas, Rainbow Salad, Mango Chicken, Mu Shu Vegetable Wraps, Coconut Rice - great flavors, great textures, just plain yummy!The $60 take-out bill seemed a bit high for take-out food, but this was fancy take-out food and I completely understood. That being said, it would be nice if they put the prices on their website.I'm happy that I finally had a chance to eat here. Next goal is tackling those famously long lines and getting a table. Can't wait!
great food!
I went to Burma SuperStar for lunch with a friend who recommended it. Apparently a lot of people are in love with their tea leaf salad (I didn't have it though). We had samosas (a little twist on what you'd expect at an Indian restaurant) as an appetizer and I definitely enjoyed them. I ate the sesame chicken which was quite good, although I'm not a fan of the "fried rice" in their meat dishes (my friend seemed to like it though). The broccoli served with the chicken was cold which I thought was odd. But, we did pay only about $15 each for the lunch (including a drink each) so I guess I shouldn't complain. I'm definitely not in love but I would go back if someone else wanted to.Also, be prepared to wait for a while to get seated and know that it's a little cramped once you get inside. On the upside, I felt heat above the benches outside where people wait for a seat, which I was thankful for since it was quite chilly outside!
OVER-RATED!!!!!! Can't believed I waited 30 minutes for this meal. Went with a group of 5. The food was either too bland or too heavily sauced. Ordered Tea Salad, fried calamari, veggie garlic noodles, ox tail stew, pumpkin pork, mango beef and some asparagus chicken. Only thing that we finished was the tea salad, maybe because it was the first dish we got and we were all hungry. Only thing keeping this place busy is all these hipsters and their need to eat at places that other hipsters deem "it" spots. Best thing about this place is the fact that Genki is across the street so I can have some real food in my stomach before this wasted night out was over.
The lines are long, the place is crowded and you would think this must be amazing food. Not really. Even though the place has Burma in its name, it is a mixture of Indian, Thai, and Chinese food.Our entrees were served at different times which I did not like. We had to wait with food on our table till everyone got their food. The samusas (as they spell it) would be considered C grade samosas in India. I got the pumpkin shrimp which was more pumpkin pieces and very less shrimp. Did not appeal to my taste because it was very sweet. My friend got the spicy and crispy chicken which saved the day because that was the only tasty dish. We also ordered the Nan Gyi Dok which was just OK.i got a mango drink and my friends ordered a half pitcher of the cooler. Both were good. Seating is crowded, I felt like people were leaning on me. Go there only if you want to try something different and if you can tolerate crowded places with long lines. They only accept Visa and Mastercard besides cash.
I love this place! I highly recommend the tea leaf salad.
What the hell....I'll add my review to the 875+ yelpers who have couragely gone before me and managed to provide some degree of originality and value to you, dear reader. Yes, this place is that good. If you have not gone, seriously, what are you waiting for? Order all the faves - mine are Rainbow Salad and Samusa Soup. I was touched by angels on Saturday when my friend C and I walk in a little after lunch and we were immediately seated. Didn't even blink. Blam! We sat, were served and satiated.I do know the wait times can be legendary, but sometimes you can get lucky.
Samosa Soup, Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad are awesome. I haven't been a huge fan of the main courses, but I would go again and again for the Soup and Salads. Really great for vegetarians
Was okay compared to Rangoon Ruby.. tamarind tequilla shot was awesome!
Burma SuperStar does not need another 5 star review, but I am going to give one anyway. Must trys: Poodi, Coconut rice, Tea leaf salad, Samosa soup, Honey crispy chicken, Sesame beefI have been coming here for the last 10 years with the evolution of my family in San Francisco. No visit to SF is complete without a stop at Burma SuperStar. As for the wait, go at 5pm or don't complain and grab a coffee across the street at Blue Danube.
I think this place is really overrated. Got in without a wait which was great. Good start. Now on to the food. This is what I had; -Tea Leaf Salad was OK. Nothing to rave about though. I think I have never had fermented tea leaf before. good experience.-Vegetarian Samusa Soup was good. My favorite of 3 dishes we ordered.-Spicy and crispy chicken was awful. It was neither spicy nor crispy. They should change the name or take out from the menu!! It was like Chinese Fast Food kind of food.-Some rice- nothing special.Over all, I am glad I went in and experienced it since I was noticing huge line out the door every time I passed by, BUT I don't think I have to come back.
So we finally found time to take my mom out for mother's day...yeah yeah i know its almost fathers day. at least we took her out ok!! anyways....We got here at 6:15pm did not get seated until 7:45pm. Can't believe the crazy long wait...which would be worth it if the food were good.We ordered the samusa soup...it was ok... to me is tasted like cafeteria lima bean or pea soup. I didn't get what everyone's raving about.We ordered the tea leaf salad...it was also ok...just tasted like leaves dipped in oil with a bunch of seeds on it. I didn't think it was particularly that great. I was hoping it would be more like Thai salads with the delicious cucumber, carrots, etc but it was just a salty oily nutty salad with too many nuts and not enough leafage. And this is coming from someone who refuses to eat vegatables except for the Luau salad at cheesecake factory.We ordered the crispy and spicy and sweet fried chicken thing and it just tasted like sweet and sour pork from a cheap take out chinese restaurant but unfortunately it costs an arm and a leg. It was the best tasting dish out of all the dishes.We ordered the beef curry. This was the WORST dish of all. It was insanely salty and dry meat. I can't even believe they would serve us that. Tasted NOTHING liek curry.Ordered the coconut rice. They couldn't possibly mess up on this right? WRONG!!!!! instead of a plain rice with a delicate coconut taste they added salt to the rice and it just tasted whack.All in all the food here is okish to bad to TERRIBLE. and SUPER SALTY I can't even believe the people here will wait 2-3 hours for a table. I wouldn't even come back if there wasnt a wait. Especially with the outrageous prices. When I looked around the restaurant I noticed that there weren't many asians in here. I wonder why...and when I look at the other reviewers most of them aren't asian either... I just don't think they know what GOOD asian food is supposed to taste like. They just like that its "different" or "exotic". I knew I had to come here to see wut the hype about but thank god we only ordered 4 dishes and now we know not to throw anymore money out with window with this restaurant. I would for SUREE be wayy happier at Mcdonalds, in n out, arbys, anywhere.People shouldnt be allowed to rate this restaurant unless they are full asian...the other ratings r totally skewing the ACCURATE ratings.
Honestly, this place is hyped up for nothing. While you're waiting in that hr+ wait to get seated... do you ever think to yourself... are there any burmese people eating in this restaurant, or even asians? I don't think so. i'm super annoyed about all these burmese restaurants popping up all over the city when in fact, they are NOT authentic.now for the actual review of the food. I ate at this place way before it got popular. it was alright and the portions were still worth your money. but now, it's just all americanized. and a run for your money.the tea leaf salad is great to all of you, but that's because no other culture has a tea leaf salad, so you don't know how it should really taste. the other well known burmese dishes are mohinga (fish soup) and ono kawswe (coconut noodle soup). both of these are too salty and doesn't even have the right spices.Why am i able to bash these places with such enthusiasm? My parents were born in Burma, and we cook burmese food at home. If i could, we'd sell the stuff out of our house.
ALL I CAN SAY IS...If my CARNIVOROUS, meat devouring @$$ ever decides to finally be kind to animals and NOT eat meat, I need to live in a one block radius of this place just to survive!I had a fully "vegetarian" meal.. (tea leaf salad w/o shrimp & samosa soup) and cameout completely satisfied. That must mean that this place must have something good going for them.
You know, there comes a time when you've waited so long for a table, you start feeling like a chump.
An absolute MUST GO if you haven't already... this is used to be my favourite hole-in-the-wall joint in the foggy end of SF, but went there recently with a group of 7 and was pleasantly surprised to find the place has had a lick of paint and looks like a regular restaurant!Thankfully, the facelift has not had an impact on the delicious grub, as with most places that start doing well and decide to upgrade! Their prices are still reasonable and the service is fast and friendly.There's STILL a long line if you go during rush hr (anything past 6pm) and parking's a biatch in that neighborhood. So leave early or drop your party off while you continue circling the block for 40mins! But believe me IT'S STILL WORTH IT!!!Top favorites: Bun Tay Kauswer (coconut chicken curry with flour noodles and accompaniments mixed in by a server tableside), Pork Curry with potatoes (is to die for) & Coconut rice (mouth wateringly good). Can't forget the lychee mojitos!!
Holy Heysous Chreesto. Burma SuperStar has 1,750 reviews?!?! I'm pretty sure that's the single-most reviews that Yelp has ever seen, and I shouldn't be surprised -- Burma Superstar has definitely earned its place on the list of amazing restaurants one MUST try in San Francisco. I've lived in SF just a few months shy of 4yrs and I FINALLY pulled the trigger the other night and decided to come here with a close girlfriend of mine. We left feeling very full and very impressed. Coming here, you're guaranteed to experience some of the most tremendous flavor combinations you've ever had the pleasure to place on your palate that are sure to make your tongue and your tummy thank you! I'm already craving my next excursion here, I'm just sorry that it's taken me so long to experience firsthand what many of my friends and other loyal patrons have revered as one of the best food joints in SF. Hands down, amazing!!
Finally, I made the attempt to visit the famous BURMA SUPERSTAR. All the yelp reviews and all the hype about this place, I was ready to try this place out for myself.We got there right at 12 noon and to our amazement we were seated right away. I've always been nervous to come here due to the long waits but we had no trouble getting a seat right away. One quick glance at the menu I already knew what I wanted. The vegetarian samusa soup and the tea leaf salad. Those two dishes seem to be the two must try dishes. The boyfriend also decided to try a dish called the fiery beef with tofu with coconut flavored rice.Vegetarian samusa soup - it was good, not amaaazing. The soup had a nice curry flavored soup base but I was still disappointed overall. Probably would not order this next time I'm there. Tea leaf salad - now this was different. I've never had a salad like this! This did definitely live up to the hype. The salad was very refreshing and the tea leaves added a very distinct taste I've never had before. All the ingredients complemented the salad very well. I wish they had the option to order a bigger portion because between the two of us we devoured the whole salad. Fiery beef with five spices with coconut rice - This dish was also yummy. Tasted like a very well made stir fried dish. Being that this dish wasn't listed as Burmese cuisine I expected this. The coconut rice was AWESOME. I highly recommend the rice. I've never had rice flavored like this and they made it perfectly. Rice wasn't too mushy or dry - it was just right to my liking.Overall, I would have given this place 3.5 stars. If I had to wait over an hour I'm not sure if it would have been worth it. Seating was fast and service was great. Food wasn't mind blowing but I would like to come back and try their other Burmese dishes. It was fun to try something out of the norm.
First time trying Burmese food, and it was extremely tasty. It was a delightful surprise, bursting with flavor inside my mouth. I wish I could remember one of the dish name, it included flat noodles with curry and chili. The service was also amazing, very attentive, and the waitress was the one who recommended our dishes. I would definitely go back.
love love this place- there was a period of time where I ate here religiously every Thursday night...don't ask.I have got a serious love.hate relationship with those peashoots. love that they are delish, hate that it's a near death experience everytime i try to chomp on them.BIG TIP to you people- CALL AHEAD! I always call the restaurant when I'm getting ready/leaving my house- get my name on the list, and BAM! By the time I get there, about 2 or 3 names until mine and I'm seated! (Give yourself at least 45 minutes)Priceless to see the glares you'll receive by throngs of hungry people mulling around outside...
What to eat for dinner tonight? Let's check yelp and see what's popular. Clicked restaurants, highest reviewed, Ike's Sandwiches was first but we dont want sandwiches for dinner. Then second on the list was Burma Superstar. Hmmm, I've always wanted to try that place but everytime I pass by it, there are always so many people waiting outside. Once I asked how long the wait was, and the waitress told me 40 minutes. So this time we went early around 6pm, and luckily there was one last open table. We had a party of 5. This is what we ordered:Tea Leaf Salad: we have 2 orders of this because we knew it was going to be enough for the whole table. One of the best salads I've tried EVER! mostly because it's different. there was something crunchy/crispy in it that added to the whole texture of the salad. It was DELISH. best thing on the menu. i mean it's been on the food network...Burmese Samusas: some kind of wrapped/fried curry potato appetizer. It was served with this really delicious sweet and sour sauce.Spicy and Crispy Chicken: Mmmm, these medium sized round chicken pieces had the perfect layer of crispy fried-ness, not overdone like Panda Express. And the sauce was DELISH. I'm not really sure if it's a Burmese dish though...Nan Pia Dok: Coconut chicken curry with flat flour noodles. Not the best thing they can offer, but definitely different. It was good, the sauce was tasteful. I don't really remember much about it. Garlic Noodles with Duck: This was pretty good, the noodles are really good. Burmese Style Curry: This was my least favorite dish. The beef wasn't all that tender. It was my first time trying Burmese curry, so I guess it's just not something I'm into. The staff was really friendly. They even explained what was in the Tea Leaf Salad. Overall, it was a lovely experience. My favorite was the tea leaf salad. This is a must if you come eat here.
I was very disappointed, the soup was too salty. The main entrees smelled and tasted awful. Serves was bad too.
Only having a few precious days in the city by the Bay, my boyfriend and I heeded the recommendation of some friends and headed to Burma SuperStar. Prior to dinning here, neither he nor I, both the intrepid diners, had ever ventured into Burmese cuisine. Really, I didn't know much about Burma besides the lurid images in glossy magazines, which never mention the excellent food of the country. Burmese Superstar exceeded all expectations. The drinks were excellent, the coconut rice was unbelievably flavorful and the tea leaf salad was fantastic. In Miami, a meal of this caliber first off wouldn't exist, and if it did, would cost an exorbitant amount of money. Burma, however, was reasonably priced and had a great friendly staff. I just hope they'll open one on the other coast.
Yes, the food here is tasty. But is it good enough to warrant the parking woes, the protracted wait, and the inflated price? I don't think so.
We waited about forty minutes, even on a tuesday night the place was packed. Hostess was amiable and called my cell to tell me our table was ready.Our waiter (kent?) was an expert on the menu and drinks list, guided us through the extensive menu and helped us select a fantastic meal. Started with the rainbow and green tea leaf salads, both awesome in their own right. Green tea was crisp and crunchy with peanuts and fried garlic topping it off. Rainbow was more of a pasta salad with a little heat that was taken off by my burma cooler, a refreshing lemon and ginger flavored beer. Entrees were peanut chicken, a noodle dish, and the lamb stir-fry. Peanut chicken was delicious, which i did not expect after i saw the minimalist style they used. Simply topped with nuts rather than the creamy peanut sauce i expected but that was a good thing. The noodles were creamy in a coconut sauce, i wanted to lick the plate it was so good. Last and BEST was the lamb stir-fry. My god, it was so good. The onions had just enough crunch left in them to stand up to the lamb but were cooked enough for the sweetness to come out. Do not miss the lamb,For dessert the fritters were ok, saved only by the coconut ice cream. The flourless chocolate cake i thought was good, but my dad didn't like it. Lastly the chocolate banana and jackfruit spring rolls were pretty damn good, if you get dessert.The place could use some decorations, paint, and maybe a new tea pot (mine was chipped) but for the price you cannot beat it. Major props to burma superstar.
Probably the only restaurant in a city I don't live in whose address and phone number I have memorized. I've recommended this restaurant to more people than I can remember.Between the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and curry noodles, I'm the happiest camper ever. Going here is always an adventure due to the incredible wait times. Thankfully there's plenty of bars around with pool tables. Bring a decent size group down, put your name down, get sudsed and then eat your brains out. My kind of night!
Oh so disappointing! What happened, Superstar? You were always so good...!Tea leaf salad and the pea shoots were great but everything else tasted like it was warmed up leftovers from the day before. The spicy shrimp were mushy, the garlic noodles were cold and lacked any actual garlic flavor and the beef kebat was just bland and flavorless. None of the dishes tasted like they were fresh or hot. Really disappointing...
Crazy long wait. They said it would be 90 minutes. It was 3 hours. We were expecting the food to be great and it wasn't. It was bland and tasteless. What a waste if an evening. Please listen to us and avoid this place.
I've only been here once and that's recent. This place is very busy, of course because it's popular, so when we arrived for dinner we had a little wait. I like the fact that this place had benches in the front with heaters and hot tea for customers while waiting to be seated.Once seated, the place is very small and our waiter was very kind and attentive. As for the food, we ordered the Mango Chicken and Beef something, I don't remember. The Beef was ok, I don't know if that's how it's suppose to taste but it was lacking flavor but the Mango Chicken was scrumptious! Then again, anything with mango for me is good in my book.I wish I ordered the Tea Leaf Salad and Curry because it seemed like that was what everyone was getting and it looked delicious!The pricing was a little much for me but I don't mind coming back to taste the other seemingly mouth watering food that everyone is gushing about!
Tea leaf Salad is a must; great service; the flat flour noodle is one of the most amazing noodles i have ever had. It's worth driving all the way there to try it.
Incredibly great service, and food. I couldn't ask for more.It gets busy but trust me, the wait is worth it and it's completely understandable. I have never had such great customer service! AMAZING & Yummy! :)
Sitting outside waiting for a table and smelling what is being served inside is torture.
My daughter and son-in-law told us we needed to try this restaurant. The wait was worth it, we thought the food was great ! can't wait to go back again. We each (4) ordered a dish and then had it family style.
I pass this place all the time but it is always busy so i just leave it for another time...this time we did it right by going in right when they opened, because within 15 minutes they were packed with a line waiting outside! Our server --- very good, polite, knew his menu, suggested tasty items...and what i found most impressive was him watching out for food allergies. We personally don't have any but -most places don't even pay attention to this and it is so important. Lychee Mojito --- couldn't be any better. the flavor is wonderful, loved the pieces of Lychee muddled into the drink. ...the best part was in the beginning i was saying to myself 'i cant taste the alcohol' and at the end of the Mojito i was laughing to myself about the unexpected buzz. ; ) Samusas --- We did a mix of the chicken & veg...the veg one was the best, more flavor, seasoned well *went great with the sauce from the spicy and crispy chicken btw!*Rainbow Salad --- The cabbage and the fried garlic had me at first bite! Spicy & Crispy Chicken --- My absolute favorite favorite thing, aside from that delicious Lychee Mojito! We got it extra extra spicy and it was perfect...the sauce keeps you coming back for more...maybe too much. : ) Not only that, the breading is very good, soft texture on the inside and perfect crispy texture on the outside...so many places mess that part up..so kudos to Burma! See you soon!
When I spoke about my plan to go to America, a Kyoto University professor said to me "You must cook your own meals because with the exceptions of France and Italy, Western countries have terrible culinary culture. You won't get used to their awfully shallow taste of craps."He was wrong. North American upper-middle class dining standards are about the same as those of the Japanese who are known to have the keenest taste buds in the world. Although there is no doubt that Japs have better snacks, better fast foods and better cheap ass mass dishes, good quality course meals are on the same level regardless of the style of cooking. In my opinion, real gustatorial idiots from the western world are EASTERN EUROPEANS AND SOVIETS. I think that Mongolian invasions and marxism killed their food culture. When I traveled in USSR and Eastern Europe in early 90's, the only things I could possibly swallow were icecream and imported beer. I still remember going into a KFC in Budapest for an escape, fuck Stalin, nothing there was eatable either. In East Asia, our tastes are supposed to be more developed than the rest of the world. I'm sorry, but that is not true. The only Far East Asian peoples that can compete against French/Italian are Japanese, Koreans, and Han Chinese. In other words, 1)Japan, 2)South Korea, and 3)Taiwan/HK are the only places in Asia where there's anything for real people to eat. The rest of Asia is no better than Middle East or American native reservations. Among Indochinese countries, Viet/Thailand are slightly better than the others. Burmese foods are not going to be a North American fad in the next 5 centuries. They are terrible. My personal dining experience at Burma Superstar proves my stereotyped view is legit. They just do not have good gustatorial senses like we (Japanese, Korean, some chinese, some americans, brazilians, some hispanics, french, italians, some other western europeans) do.
I'd give 4.5 stars if i could. The tea leaf salad was nothing like I've ever tasted before. I'm usually not a fan of salads, but they put some magical crushed tea leaf paste on there that gives this salad a strong sensational aroma. Mixed with some other type of seeds... that dish is amazing.I also had the samosa soup, which was tasty. The wait for this restaurant doesnt seem worth the food for. We wait for a grueling 1.5 hours until 9:30. For lunch, I'd go any day, there's no wait!
One of my girlfriends and I had lunch here a couple days ago prior to attending Nordstrom's Half Yearly Sale. Besides needing a nice little cozy restaurant to play catch up, we also needed a hearty meal that would provide us mounds of unlimited energy for our anticipated shopping spree. Although we were first timers at Burma SuperStar and had no previous knowledge to Burmese food, the boisterous crowd that seemed to constantly congregate towards this little restaurant won me over any other restaurant on Clement street.I had the Nan Gyi Dok, she had chicken curry and we shared a plate of vegetarian samusas. The samusas were perfectly crispy and bursted with so much flavor that I expected my main course to be just as indulgent as those crispy triangle pockets of love. Sadly, my Nan Gyi Dok failed to satisfy my appetite. Although I did enjoy having our server mix all the contents within my dish in front of me (mind you, I would have eaten my plate as served if he hadn't mixed it), the dish was excessively creamy from the coconut sauce and didn't have enough saltiness to balance out the creaminess. Even if the fried onion provided a nice crispy texture to the dish, it's flavors were definitely drowned out by the sauce. Not to mention, I would have thought that crispy texture was fish or some sort of fried meat if I hadn't visited the website prior to writing this review. All the other contents within the dish seemed mixed, but not matched -- the sliced eggs were a random ingredient that didn't necessary complement the overpowering coconut sauce and rice noodles, while the chicken was a barely noticeable ingredient being that it was served unseasoned and bland. Also there weren't that many chicken pieces included. I'm assuming the main stars of the dish were the coconut sauce and noodles, however flavor-wise, it just didn't win me over. It blew my mind how majority of the reviews I've read for this place highly recommended the Nan Gyi Dok while I, on the other hand, thought this plate was shot. I guess it's true what they say "Different strokes for different folks."
I always wondered why there was always a huge line here for dinner, but never had the patience to wait around to find out. But then one day, we walked in for lunch and managed to get in. The food was absolutely delicious (And now I know why people wait). The service was good. Seating area is tight, so not a great place for romantic conversation. But definitely a place to go for all the food piggies..
I had heard much about this place from friends, but was hesitant to try it since the restaurant was located in Inner Richmond, which is an entire 2 miles away from my place. Finally, I made the venture out a few weeks ago on a Sunday night. Our wait for 3 was approximately 30 minutes and the guy at the restaurant was nice enough to give us a call while we waited at a bar.It was my first time eating Burmese food and overall I enjoyed it. The food has a homemade feel to it and seems like a mixture of Chinese/Indian influence. The servers were nice and helpful in explaining dishes.We ordered one of those tea leaf salads and dude came by to 'make it' in front of us by going at it Coldstone Creamery-style, while cracking a couple corny jokes about nuts.I had a Chicken Tofu Kebat, which was great, but slightly on the salty side. Being Asian, I downed a glutinous portion of jasmine rice and it was all good in the hood. Will be back in the future for more.
Loved it! We waited about 15 minutes to be seated on a rainy Friday evening- which seemed very good compared to some waits. The service was great- atmosphere simple and well done. My husband and I shared the tea leaf salad, coconut rice, and spicy lamb. I loved all three. The tea leaf salad is such a well done mix of textures, acidity, and flavor. The sweet rice and spicy lamb went perfectly together. I will definitely be back.
Went here with some friends on a Friday night. I advise to call ahead. It's a very small restaurant and has little seating. The employees were extremely helpful and great. They were very busy but still kept their cool. The man at the front desk was handling the waiting list great and would update you on the tables available. The food is great! It's a bit spicy, but I know you can order dished that aren't spicy if that's not for you. They have a good selection of hot teas, and a huge variety of plates. I ordered a noodle dish with chili, cabbage, split peas, coconut curry & onions. It was incredible. Only downfall is I wish I had room to eat dessert. :)
SERVICE = Kenneth! You're killin me as a Lakers AND Dodgers fan. It's a good thing you're a Sharks fan hahaha... Kenneth was more than just a waiter. He was amiable and jovial. When I asked for his advice on our meal, his comments were really helpful.APPETIZER = MmmMM! We chose the Burmese Samusas. You get a choice of chicken or vegetarian and it comes with 5 pieces. We had chicken. Sooo good... a little oily for me; but it was still quite enjoyable. If you're like me, the house sauce might be a little too spicy--I still used it anyways because it enhanced flavor.MAIN COURSE = With Kenneth's blessing, we went ahead with our original choices of Garlic Noodles (with pork) and Burmese Style Curry (with lamb). The Garlic Noodles--Comparable to the Chow Fun Chinese style noodles.. but this dish was not too greasy and it had just the right amount of garlic flavor. Not spicy.The Burmese Style Curry --This was my main dinner choice. I'm a fan of lamb so I was hoping this would be the highlight of our meal. The lamb was so tender I could pick it apart with my chopsticks! It kind of reminded me of the Filipino style adobo. Not spicy.I'd also like to note to pay attention to the items on the menu with an asterisk next to it (*). These indicate Burmese dishes--all of our dishes were Burmese.PAYMENT/PRICING = I can't remember exactly what the cost of our dishes were; but my initial reaction was that it was a little pricey. You can judge for yourself.. I had a good enough experience that the price didn't matter. PARKING = There are a lot of metered parking spaces (2 hr time limit). We were able to find parking close by. *EXPERIENCE* = Tim and I were pleased with our first Burmese dining experience. I heard this place gets packed; but we got there at just the right time because we didn't have to wait at all. There are two other locations (Alameda and Oakland) that are both closer to where I live and I'm definitely planning on eating here again. Overall, I had a quality visit to Burma Superstar.
went at 1130 in the morning. no wait. by the time we left, the line was out the door.samusa soup was pretty good. a mildly thick bean based soup with fish and fried samosas. it had a bit of an acidic kick to it, almost like vinegar. the crunch of the samosa was a nice contrast to the rest of the soup.deluxe veggie curry was bright red so i thought for sure it would burn a hole in my stomach. turns out its very mild. the flavor of the curry didnt come out much.
yummy pants!
After a recommendation from my brother-in-law, and over 1500 positive reviews on yelp, we had to give this place a try!They're known for their Tea Leaf Salad, which was one of our favorites. Their Burmese Samusas were OK. We couldn't really tell the difference between the chicken and the vegitarian. We also tried their Bun Tay noodles. This dish was fairly flavorful. One can really appreciate the cumin and saffron.We would have stopped there, but after some conversation with our dining neighbors, one of whom happened to be the owner of Morro Bay Oyster Co., they highly recommended the Rainbow Salad. This salad had so many different flavors and textures. It was a perfect way to end the evening.We would definitely return here to try their other dishes.
I've been here twice. The first time, my friend wanted to go and insisted we get there at 4:15pm on Sat night. Already a line and we waited in line until 5pm when they opened and we were able to get a seat. Basicaly a 45 minute wait. The second time, we got there right at 5pm and stood in line. When we got to the front, all tables were taken and were told it was a 45 minute wait. 1 hour, 10 minutes later, we were seated.The food is good, but NOT SOOOOOO GOOD that I would want to wait that long again. The servers are nice overall, and they don't try to rush you, but you know people are waiting outside you so don't want to be rude and linger so you hustle it outta there. There is only 1 toilet in the restaurant for all the customers.
I've been waiting go to here for years but I never went because of the horribly long wait. A friend decided to go and she got us a table at 5:30pm, right when they opened, so the 5 of us could eat. I sampled the Walnut Shrimp, the Burmese Style Curry Shrimp (just curry and shrimp, no vegetables, not even bamboo shoots or celery and I think this dish is a COMPLETE RIP-OFF), Tan Poi rice and the Tea Leaf Salad. It was all good food, but not great food. I doubt I'll ever go back, especially if I have to wait in a long ass line for OK food. The price is OK, but you can get the same food in the TL for 1/2 the price.
The Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa soup are great, but other dishes are hit or miss for me. The Firey Tofu and Vegetables and the peashoots are delicious but some of the other vegetarian dishes were just ok. I've tried only a few dishes though, so I can't speak for the whole menu. The tea leaf salad and samusa soup will keep me coming back.
I love almost any restaurant featured on Food Network. Not only are they recommended by Food Network, but they were on the 7x7 Top 100 SF's Big Eats, Things to Eat Before You Die list!What I had:- Vegetarian Samusa soup (this was on the Top 100 list): AMAZINGLY good. looks like a curry, but it's got lentils and ripped up falafels that are still crunchy when served in the soup.- Tea Leaf Salad: who knew that tea leaves didn't have to taste bitter? I normally don't like salads and can't even imagine how good a salad could actually be, but really... this one was incredible. There are SO many ingredients that go into this salad and they all meld together so well.- Poodhi (potato) curry with fried bread: it was okay, not something to rave about. But definitely the dishes recommended by Food Network were the above two as well as the Rainbow Salad (which I didn't try).The service was excellent. Our waitress was mixing up our tea leaf salad for us and even after mixing, she realized there was an uneven proportion of oil to salad and she said she'd go back to the kitchen to add more lettuce to make it right. AWESOME!
Awesome food. I love the SuperStar Shrimp, Coconut Rice, Spicy Crispy Chicken, and Platha Bread with Chicken Curry sauce. I recommend doing takeout though because the seating is akward, small, and crowded. The wait without reservations can be nuts. You might as well just take it elsewhere to eat like GG Park. Plus they will give you sporks and knives to go so your all set for a picnic.
Great food and service!
you know I wasn't completely impressed. It is likely that this restaurant is just simply not my taste. Had the rainbow salad and the samosa soup and a curry dish to share with a friend. At the time the dish was good. Warm, earthy, hot - exactly what we both needed on a cold day. But the taste... it is certainly a new flavor combination that would take some warming up to. The best explanation that I can give is that it tasted very much like warmed up truffles. If you've ever had a truffle... it is an acquired taste that is very reminiscent of wet earth. I may go back, but I probably won't. If you go - go without pretense... and be open.
I always do a cost-benefit analysis in the back of my mind before and after going to places like Burma SuperStar. I almost always end up going just to try out what it's like, but the final verdict always comes down to: is the food good enough to warrant the (relatively) insanely high prices? I normally shrug off wait times, as long as they're not epic. The same goes for lackluster service, as long as it's not putting band aids in my food or acting rude to my face. But man, that food had better induce a flavor-coma.So I was really skeptical coming here. Restaurants that post menus on websites sans the prices? Always a bad sign for the wallet. Plus in my experience, any place that pimps its own reputation by shoving it in your face is trying to make up for something - the food should speak for itself. So having menu items that advertised, "As seen on Food Network," gave me pause. But an out of town friend wanted to go, and I couldn't say no to the wishes of a rarely seen old friend. And I'm really glad I didn't pay attention to the nagging voices in the back of my head. There was a long wait to get seated, but the wait list included cell phone numbers with names in order to notify by phone. That alone is awesome and allowed us to spend our downtime at a pub down the street instead of standing bored in the cold. Every restaurant should have this!We ordered a variety of menu items, and while they were pricy, no single dish was disappointing. While this is a Burmese restaurant, the menu has an assortment of varied dishes from all over the surrounding regions of Burma. From the half-dozen or more dishes we ordered, my favorites were the Tea Leaf Salad, the Poodi, and the Walnut Shrimp. Ahhh, can't forget the chili lamb: spicy heaven! The portion sizes were on the small side for our party of six. We had to carefully ration out the dishes to make sure everyone got a taste.Not including drinks, our bill came out to about $20/person, which really wasn't all that bad considering how stuffed and happy we were. While I still have lingering doubts the food merited the price point, I didn't leave feeling remorseful or ripped off. Quite the contrary, I would gladly visit again if given a good excuse.
Delicious! Really unique.
Awesome Awesome!! A little bit of a wait but it was wel worth it. We got the fried rice which was so delicious! Nice texture to the rice and lots of seafood. The tealeaf salad was amazing as well. Stir fried walnut prawns, Lamb stew,Samosas, Combination noodles,Curry chicken, Fried 5 spice chicken. All was sooo tasty. I could not complain. Maybe just a bit small on the portion size but nothing to complain about. Try this place out. U wont be disappointed.
Can we say totally overrated?The wait is ridiculous. You should never, I mean NEVER go here without calling in ahead of time to have your name put on the waitlist (they don't take reservations). And you should probably call in 1-2 hours ahead of your arrival time even on weeknights. At around 9-9:30pm, they actually close off the waitlist.I had Tea Leaf Salad (Salad prepared with imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts & split yellow peas). When the waiter brings out the Tea Leaf Salad, he actually explains to you what every ingredient is, mixes it and then serves it to you. I've had this salad many times as a child from my Burmese mother and relatives and I'm pretty sure it's not suppose to taste this putrid. It must be something in their tea leaves.Moving onto the... Moh Hinga (Catfish chowder with rice noodles, ground catfish, onions, cilantro, and lemons).  It was mediocre.... this dish is actually suppose to be on the stove for HOURS in order to infuse all the different tastes into the broth.  This is the problem with mass producing these types of dishes because you can taste how rushed it was in the making.I've definitely had more authentic Burmese food. This is a place to satisfy the Westerner.
Every good thing you've read about this place is true: it's delicious and the service is fantastic. We had the tea leaf salad and the samusa soup to start, both of which were perfectly balanced and had an extraordinary depth of flavor. It's so much fun to go to a restaurant where the food surprises and inspires you so much. Our waiter was really helpful in helping us build a great family-style meal that helped us try a lot of fabulous things. Get here as fast as you possibly can. It's fantastic.As an added bonus, it's great that you can call ahead to get your name on the waiting list for a table. We ate here the night the Giants won the World Series, and it was great to call for a table as we left the bar where we watched the game, search for parking in the Richmond, and arrive with just a ten-minute wait for our table. This was a perfect way to end a wonderful, memorable night in the City.
I really love Burma! This tea leaf salad is full of nutty goodness. . .I just dont know how they come up with this stuff, but in my book its a complete WINNER. And I am a complete carnivore, After having this dish I feel really satisfied. . .the Curry pork is the right balance of savory and sweet paired with the some coconut rice. I always come back*
This place is extremely hyped, and it seems like the locals are hating on it (maybe just because it's popular and SF is just too hipster to be down with that?), but for me, it TOTALLY lived up to the hype. Which was a relief, really, because almost nothing ever does. I went twice in one week.In terms of the wait, call ahead. I waited under a half hour the first time, and exactly 0 minutes the second time. I probably wouldn't wait two hours, but you don't have to.The tea leaf salad is delicious. It's one of those unique flavors where at first bite, you're thinking "hmm", and by the end you're desperately craving more to seriously contemplating pulling a Jacqueline D. and licking the plate clean.The samusa soup is certainly the most delicious soup I've ever had. Just a wonder blend of flavors and spices--and then there are freaking samosas in it. How could you go wrong?The other dishes I've had have varied. Most were very good, a few were just okay. But that samusa soup, man--that's the soup dreams are made of.Also, perhaps my favorite part: the service is EXCELLENT. So many popular places stop caring and treat customers like crap because there is an infinite supply. It's a huge relief that the opposite is true here: everyone is remarkably attentive and friendly.Bonus parking tip: arrive just before 8, and you can park in the bus stops on Clement (starting at 8pm).
It's possible my expectations were way too high but the food at Burma SuperStar just wasn't as good as I remembered when I had dinner there several years ago. For appetizers we ordered the duck lettuce cups and the potstickers. They were both good but not to die for. We really loved the curry noodle dish we ordered (can't remember the name). Next time, will listen to the suggestions from other yelpers and order something different. The short ribs at the next table did look amazing.
I'm going to be the minority here and give it a 3-star. I've always wanted to try this place. There seems to be always a line..and I'm a firm believer in intelligence of the crowd so this place has to be good! Just look at the name! Makes me wanna dig both my arms into my arm pits and then extend my arms parallel to my head and scream SUPERSTAR! (a saturday night live skit ode to Molly Shannon)I was with a friend who was getting a haircut across the street this past Friday. Since I was waiting for his buzz...why not put our names down. Going to wait anyways.First of all, the host guy is pretty awesome. One of the most friendliest I've met. Plus - the whole concept of putting your cell phone down so they call you when your table is ready makes me want to scream at every other restaurant that doesn't do that! FANTASTIC!!! Serving hot tea while you wait in the cold of the richmond is commendable as well.So we end up getting fiery chicken with tofu, beef kebat and with some good old brown rice to go with it. The verdict? You know how they say the longer the wait, the better the food tastes. Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...not so much in this case. I didn't find the dishes very exquisite and exotic. It wasn't like my taste buds were like 'o shit!? what kind of fine food is this??'. I thought it was all very salty. It smelled excellent (grammatically/diction wise is that even correct?)...but taste wise it falls a bit short. Sorry.I have to say the desert was the best thing of the meal. Homemade coconut ice cream with fried bananas and some other delicious stuff in the middle. :)I don't think I will be back. I just wasn't feeling the taste of the dishes. I do need to try another Burmese restaurant to compare.
LOVE the samosa soup, rainbow salad, and tea leaf salad. Have such a hard time choosing between the three. I am so glad when I go with friends who want to share.
I drove six hours to have the Rainbow Salad, then waited for 40 minutes to get seated. Need I say more? YUM!!!
The line was well worth the wait. We ordered a mix of spicy meals, along with soups, and rice dishes. Although it was a little cramped and loud, the food was very good. I plan to go back next time I have a few extra minutes to hunt for parking in the inner Richmond Clement street. The staff was very nice and super quick to serve the food. No pressure to crank out the customers due to the line either. I highly recommend this place.
After two attempts in the past six months, finally managed to get in to see what this place was all about. Its a quaint little hole in the wall, but the food is excellent. We started off with the sambusas, and then went in for some experiments. The pork curry had a delightfuly spicy (not hot) curry, and the meat was extremely tender. The chicken kebat is a great sensory surprise. The mint leaves leave a delectable after taste, and the chicken is wonderfully tender. Finally the fiery tofu with lamb, is cooked in quite a tasty sauce. All three dishes had completely unique flavours which made it quite a unique meal. All in all, a wonderful restaurant, I just wish it wasnt so crowded all the time!
I would give this place 4.5 stars! I'm not from SF, but a local friend brought me here and I've eaten here all 3 times that I've been to SF this year! It's well known for the tea leaf salad (which was featured on a show) and its very unique. Lots of tastes. I love the spices they use. My other favorite dish is the Chili lamb, which is spicy, so be warned. The only complain I have is that they use smaller pieces of meat now. The first time I had this dish, the lamb pieces were bigger and they didn't use as much onions and chili to make it look like it was a lot. So i was slightly disappointed with it, but still delicious, nonetheless. It makes me want to try Burmese food in LA! Def come here if you are in SF!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I remember always being scared to go because of its legendary line situation. I went for the first time with my beau and we were seated immediately for dinner. We ordered Samosa soup, green tea salad, and I think the Fiery chicken that time. He ordered something else but I can't remember. Holy cow! Flavor explosion in my mouth. I love new flavors and they were just very well pul together. I tried the Special Salmon the second time I went and was also completely blown away. Every dish I have had has been amazing. The only down side is the sometimes horrendous wait. I have managed to avoid it for the most part. I would say you could probably order almost anything on the menu and it would be delicious. Mmmm, wish they delivered.
My first experience with Burmese food and I've been here twice.I love samosas. I love samosa soup. It is magical.I've had the rainbow salad and tea leaf salads. Both were excellent.Pork rib thingies were cash. Can't remember what else I've had because it's been so long but it was all good.Great service and fun ambiance. Very, very busy.There really is a big hype about this restaurant but it definately for a reason.
My friend highly recommended the Burma Superstar as a must go for our "haven't seen each other for 5 years" hang out Saturday. She mentioned that lines are always long so we have to be there before it opens. I was second in line when i got there at 11:10a and yes by the time the restaurant opened, it sure filled up fast and line started forming,  Yes, food and service was great! Love the Tea Leaf Salad which is a "must try" (so did my friend say) for first timers. ... love all the texture and flavors combined. We also had the mango salad which was really good. Appetizer we had was just okay but i also really liked the Chili Lamb. Would want to try the Rainbow Salad and the catfish chowder the next time. Planning on taking my family there now that i know there is one in Oakland and Alameda.
We ate here last night after intending on stopping by for... oh, a year or so?! I've heard nothing but good things and it did not disappoint. This was my first time eating at a burmese place and man, I wish there were more of them around! If you are familiar with south-east asian food, it will definitely be familiar territory but in this case, that is a good thing - lots of coconut, mango, lemongrass, and spice!  Given all the comments I'd seen about it, we started with the tea leaf salad. The "tea leaf" portion of the salad looked kind of like pesto (wet, chopped up, almost like a heavy sauce) and If I understood our waiter correctly, the tea leafs were fermented. There were a bunch of other ingredients (peanuts, lettuce, oil, some kind of seeds... can't remember everything) and the bring it to the table unmixed so they can show you everything and then mix it up for you right before you eat it. Pretty cool and nice presentation! It was delicious and I would order it again, though next time (and yes, there will be a next time) I plan on trying the rainbow salad which apparently has over 22 ingredients in it!Now, while hungry, I've been on a healthy kick and didn't want to stuff myself so passed on trying some of the other appetizers like calamari, lettuce cups, or one of the delicious soups they have on the menu and went straight for the main course. I was in the mood for a spicy chicken and almost went for the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice but ultimately I ended up going for the spicy lamb served with hot red peppers, onions, and basil. I think they had some kind of green asian pepper in the mix as well. The food was absolutely delicious. My friends ordered shrimp curry and the beef kebat along with Coconut rice (I stole a bit of this - lightly flavored but good) and everyone enjoyed their meals immensely. I will be back. Soon I hope!The one word of caution is that they do not take reservations and if you go at a popular time you WILL have to wait. In our case, showing up around 7pm on a Friday, the wait was an hour. Not bad bad given that it was peak o'clock. Fortunately they take down your cellphone and you can wander around clement street or hang out in the coffee shop across the street. Just make sure you don't show up there hungry and dying to eat because it will not end well! Once we got our table, the service was fast and the waiters were helpful and friendly! So all in all, a very good dining experience
There's plenty of reviews on Burma SuperStar already, so I'll keep it short. Me and my friend had the Chicken Samosas and Wok Seared Calamari. Didn't taste much chicken in the samosas, but the server had already forewarned us about that. They were very tasty with a touch of curry in every bite. The Wok Seared Calamari was excellent. It was basically a calamari salad. Doesn't that say enough already?! I washed the food down with a Ginger Beer. It didn't taste like beer at all (yay!), thanks to the wedge of lemon that was provided. All in all, the food was great and the service was too. And thank goodness we were lucky enough that we didn't have to wait to be seated on a Saturday afternoon!
Always tasty.
When you see a very long line outside of a VERY popular place on a CONSISTENT basis, I would recommend NOT going on the most popular day of the week. I finally got to try Burma Superstar last night (a random Tuesday night) on a whim. There was no line (big surprise), and we were seated right when we walked in the door. I tried the tea leaf salad, chili lamb, coconut rice, and the crazy beer drink that comes in a pitcher.The salad was ridiculous. There are so many layers of taste. I was very unhappy when the plate was finished, but in came the chili lamb. I usually don't like lamb too much, but with all the spices, it was not only edible, but amazing. Cocounut rice...self-expanatory. We had to order two servings.Go on a weeknight.Late. The food is great.
Excellent food - great salads and curries. Am a fan. One downside is the long wait at the place during peak hours.
Awesome food. Everything was extremely tasty. Only had to wait 40 minutes to get a table. Don't get fooled by recommendations for BStar Cafe, the supposed 2nd Bstar, the menu's not the same!
7:00PM Arrive @ Burma SuperStar and write name on list7:01PM Walk across the street and hang out at the Blue Danube8:00PM Receive phone call that our table is ready8:01PM Walk across the street to Burma SuperStar and let the hostess know we're there8:30PM Wonder why the heck we are NOT sitting at a table eating yet8:40PM Accost the hostess about why we were called and told our table would be ready soon - and - why we keep seeing parties of 3 go ahead of us8:41PM Hostess tells us BS and promises she'll get us a table next8:42PM We're pissed and starving9:00PM We finally get seatedIf the food weren't so damn good we would've left.Suggestions for Burma Superstar:1. Consider revamping the list processThere was a party of 2 that listed themselves as such on the board, but when their names was called they told the hostess they were a party of 3. Initially they said they'd squeeze into a table for 2, but moments later they shimmied over to a table for 3. If you've ever been to Burma SuperStar you know that a table for 2 is much easier to get than a table for 3.2. Consider limiting the hostess' duties to hostessingWhy the heck is she setting and clearing tables?!?!?!?!3. Distract hungry customers waiting in lne by providing them samples.If I'm going to wait 2 hours (like an idiot), the least you could do is bring out a platter of samusas or crispy chicken and offer everyone a sample.
For all the great reviews this place gets, I wonder how many ppl have actually had Burmese food elsewhere before? I don't claim to be an expert as the only places I've been to was Mingalaba in Burlingame and Rangoon Burmese in Philadelphia. Burma SuperStar was nothing special compared to both especially if you take the wait into account. The tea leaf salad is good but I can't tell the difference b/t it here and at Mingalaba. Both the noodle dish (can't remember what) and the beef curry were good but neither wowed me.
I LOOOOVE coming to the city and eating at Burma SuperStar.The restaurant is tiny with only a table for large groups, and usually the wait is very long. However, I always come right before they open for dinner (at five) and never had a problem with waiting for a table, or I would call an hour ahead of time to make reservations.The staff has always been helpful, courteous, and patient. My favorite dishes that I always order when I come in are the samosas and their spicy basil chicken. I find myself always craving these dishes and often find myself making an excuse to come back to San Francisco just to have them :]
I have here for Brunch with a friend and there salads rock. I was surprised that a Burmese restaurant has awesome salads. The tea salad is probably the best to order here.The place is simple and average priced. The food is just too good for the price and the serving is awesome.I would definitely go there again and again. Its one of those hole in the wall places.
I came without a reservation and was seated really quickly. I got lucky cause someone cancelled their reservation! WOO HOO!Tea Leaf Salad* $9.95Featured on Food NetworkYes, we really do go to Burma to get the tea for this salad, and it's worth the trip. With textures from fried garlic, peanuts:If you don't like fish sauce, skip this dish!! I actually liked this dish, the different texture of the fried garlic, peanuts, pine nuts, and other crunchy bits was really good. The tea leaves was unique and I mean it in a good way! Chili Lamb* $14.95(not available mild)Stir fried lamb with dried and fresh chili, onion and basil, comes medium spicy, or spicier!:NOT SPICY AT ALL! Don't be fooled with the description. I was not impressed with the spiciness of this dish. I mean, yes, you do see the hot red peppers, chili flakes and jalapenos. They over cooked the chili flakes making you feel like you are eating sand (the flakes got too crunchy... hrm... who likes crunchy chili flakes?? I sure don't) and the dried red peppers were under cooked. You probably want to know how I know this right? Well, I know someone that is a chef and he gave me the "how to cook spicy food 101" course. When you want a dish to be REALLY spicy, make sure that the dried red peppers are placed first and cooked to where you can snap the pepper like a chip. Place the chili flakes last cause it is really thin and dry, putting it first will only over cook it, turn black and the texture will end up being like sand. Coconut Rice (per person)* ($2.50 I think?)Aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk and topped with fried onions: Very rich, I like this rice but I know for sure i can't eat a lot of it. MmmmMm coconut.Garlic Noodles: $9.95Not that garlic-y when you first eat it, but once you stop eating it.. the garlic taste lingers. I like this dish, but it was so small, it is not worth the $10 bucks.Overall, service is really good and some of the servers are cute! The food was ok. The price for these items are high, so to me, it is just ok. I came here more than once and got lucky this time with no wait; however, the past few times I came, I waited over an hour and the food was not worth the hype and wait.
From reading previous reviews it seems that people either love this place or they hate it. We showed up about 9pm and it was packed with well healed foodies. The staff was on their toes and friendly. It didn't take more than half an hour to get our table on a Wed. night. Waits can be longer, but they call you and you can visit the book store across the street, which is one of the best in the city for used and unusual books. We had the Samusa soup that has crumbled falafel in it. Pretty great, and was served to us by a charming waiter who made us feel like he cared about the food. I had the Beef Kebat which was tasty, mildly spicy, tender and filling. My friend Evan had a vegetarian dish that he said was excellent. All in all, I'm going back and will update the review with new dishes. The prices are reasonable and the wait isn't that long for such great food. Try it.
Good lord, this food is so good! I had the coconut rice and chili lamb plus Thai iced tea... Get there around 5 or 5:30
The food was very good here. We had lunch on a Sunday, so the wait wasn't bad at all. We ordered a bunch of dishes to share, some of the highlights were platha and curry dip, the chicken dahl, and the curried pork with potatoes. Plus the walnut shrimp was all the rage with my peeps, they also liked the sangria.
What can I say about Burma Superstar??? IT'S AMAZING AND SOOO GOOD!!!No wonder there's always a HUGE wait for this place. The food is so good. The flavors are different and so unique. I've been here twice and it has yet to disappoint me. Their Rainbow Salad and their tea salad is nothing like I've had before in a salad. It's a little sweet but yet a little sour...perfect! Definitely try their Chicken Casserole and the Coconut Rice. You really do taste the the coconut. Their Garlic Noodle and Vegetarian Samusa Soup was okay. I didn't find it that good as everyone else says it is, but that's just me.Oh just a tip, to avoid waiting for a table as wait times can be very long, call them ahead time and put your name on the list first. When they have a table for you, they'll call you. This way you don't have to waste your time waiting outside the restaurant when you can be doing something else.
I like this place a lot, I love their sister restaurant---B Star.But this place doesn't take reservations, so of course the line is very long. But again, it's worth it. It's been a great experience every time I go here, I always get the same thing though-----pumpkin pork stew.Great dish! If you're a pumpkin lover like me, then hell yeah get this dish! You will love it!
It's sooo hyped up, for just a highly decent meal. We arrived at 625pm to put our name in and we were shocked to learn that there wasn't even a wait. So I sat down at the table while the lovely Patty P went back to her house to grab our wallets! The main reason we came to Burma SS was to knock another item off the 7x7 Big Eat list #17, the Tea Leaf Salad.That was definitely my favorite item that we ordered. We started off with the salad and the samusas. The salad was prepared so nicely and the server explained everything that was in it and then tossed our salad (haha) right there at the table. The samusas were ok; I don't really like puffed pastry type items, but I still ate two of them anyway (obviously...). They're stuffed with veggies, potatoes, etc and the texture was pretty mushy. We then ordered the classic Burmese chicken casserole with cardamom cinnamon rice and the fiery beef. Fiery beef was just ok. It was super salty and came with tofu. The tofu seemed a bit burnt to me and it definitely wasn't "fiery." It was hot, but my mouth was not on fire (keep in mind my tolerance is ridiculous though). The chicken casserole was amazing!! The rice was so cinnamony and delicious. The chicken fell right off the bone and we were also surprised (well, moreso Patty) that it came with shrimp. Instead of ordering the fiery beef and samusas, I with we would've ordered the vegetable curry deluxe (the table next to us had this), which looked divine and a noodle dish. Oh well! Next time, next time...
First, some random notes from a recent excursion:1) Burma has two local brands of surprisingly good beer2) Burmese girls are SO HOT *drools over the tablecloth*. They are also really shy in that hot feminine kind of way. And they can eat super-oily food and still look like goddesses. 3) Burmese food is extremely diverse, and they have fruit that practically punches you in the face with flavor. For example - mangos. Even when they're green. GREEN MANGOS BURSTING WITH FLAVOR. SO BAFFLING!4) I need to change my underwear now, but after that, I'm moving to Burma.In comparison, the food here is a letdown, no matter how you slice it. I've eaten a good third of the dishes here, and the only way I feel I can describe it is generic SF Asian fusion, which really just means "throw an ethnic name on it and feed it to the hungry urban-trendy masses". Nothing really amazes, nor offends, but it doesn't merit the prestige and popularity this place has. If either their pricing was better or portions bigger, I could better understand the loyal fan base.
I'll make this one short and sweet. I really liked this place.I went for lunch and had the tea leaf salad and the samosa soup. Both were incredibly good. The entrees were also good but not as amazing as the salad and samosa soup. The curry they used in the samosa soup was great. I'd drink it alone, but it is awesome with samosa bits.Food came pretty fast, considering how busy it was in there.
FIVE STARS. Especially since by uttering "Burma Superstar" I can pretend like I'm a local. We walked in for lunch (before noon) on a Wednesday and it's packed. Somehow we get in very quickly though!I educated myself (thanks yelpers) prior to coming and impressed my husband by recommending the fermented tea leaf salad. The waiter guy - super friendly, super nice, super quick recommended a couple of dishes and they were out of this world. to die for. fantabulous. It was the coconut curry noodle dish and the spicy chicken basil dish with the fried rice. So good. And AND! different from the Thai, Vietnamese, and Indian food I'm used to so it was a wonderful experience.Why, oh why, do I live in San Diego? It was that good.
So, 1,600+ reviews for this place (and almost all of them commenting on the number of reviews) - I think you get the gist of what's going on with Burma SuperStar - expect a wait, decent/friendly service, not entirely authentic Burmese but one of very few places serving up something even remotely resembling Burmese cuisine, so of course San Francisco is all over that. Umm, what else? Tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, coconut rice (sweet, fragrant and DELICIOUS with some type of curry, I recommend lamb curry), the famous samusa soup (featured on "Bay Area Backroads," the menu boasts) and pick a noodle dish = your "must" orders.So I had to try it for myself and everything is true. There's a (sometimes horrendous) wait (but if you call ahead of time, they do put your name on the list), parking is difficult (welcome to the Inner Richmond, ya'll), and the food? Well, despite the former being all true, I begrudgingly admit that everything was really tasty - Burmese food is a medley of different styles and tastes with obvious flavor inspiration pulled from its surrounding countries (India, China, Thailand), alongside its own. From the crunchy flavorful tea leaf salad to the hearty, warm-in-your-belly, chunky samusa soup, everything was flavorful and filling. So, my verdict? The food itself is surprisingly NOT overrated.(Just a little overpriced, is all.)Even for those who didn't end up being big fans of B-Superstar, I think the general consensus would be that it's worth a try once, if not for the San Francisco Yelp-popular restaurant experience. Then at least you can join this cool, not-so-exclusive club of being able to post here. :)
'Bob Marley is to Reggae' as 'amazing food is to Burma Superstar'. We called 30 minutes prior to arrival. As we walked up to the door, our names where being called and my heart started to beat with excitement like a drum. This adorable tiny restaurant was welcoming and calm. The waiters were very kind, patient and never rushed us out, knowing that their was 15 people waiting in the rain to eat next. The tea leaf salad made it's way to our table. My original thoughts of "that's it?" quickly changed into "wow, that looks amazing" as the waiter mixed the ingredients to create a master piece for us to indulge. The Basil Chicken dish was more then breath taking as I pured it all over my coconut rice and devoured the love with my taste buds. When listening to Reggea sometimes you want to change up the tune from Marley to Peter Tosh... for me, Tosh was waiting across the street in a little crepe factory. And that's why the only reason I am giving this Super Star a 4 star is because their desert WAS amazing, BUT not as incredible as the $3 Nutella crepe that is made fresh from a different resturant across the way.
Came here on a yelp recommendation and it did not disappoint! Such a great meal. The tea leaf salad is as good as the reviews say!
How long for 4 people on a Wednesday? 35 minutes, she says. 90 minutes later we're walking to our table for four, ready to order. A few minutes later, our order for 5 dishes goes to kitchen.For starters we had a Platha D...something that's fried layers of bread. VERY tasty. Then comes the Samusa soup & Tea Leaf salad. The salad grew on me, and the soup was different, also grew on me. Then came the pumpkin pork stew, burmese curry lamb and coconut rice. All very good quality, different tasting, but worth the wait?? I don't know. Mandalay bay is one block over on California. I'd go here again, but at 5pm and with only two people. Service staff was friendly and this place was A-OK.
This place is my favorite restaurant. That says it all. Everything is amazing.
tried this place and was good, will be back!
Delicious food, love the rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, and samosa soup! Be prepared to wait 1-2 hours most nights of the week though.
I recommend the tea leaf salad, burmese sumusas, citrus chicken, walnut shrimp, lemongrass salmon amongst other entrees. Service was up to par. Usually a long wait. A little pricey because portions are on the smaller size. Suprisingly good sangria for a burmese restaurant.
Exo!!!!Been back twice and look forward to many more meals.......
go early, go for lunch, go often.
Today I was walking through Clement St. with my boyfriend looking for a new place to eat. He said he wanted "South Eastern" food. Im not sure if Burma is in South East Asia, but we gave this a try anyways. The place was packed (1:40 PM). We put our name down for 2 people and the waitress told us it'll be 10 minutes. Indeed, it did take 10 minutes. The place is kind of small and crowded, but we managed to get a comfortable spot. All of the workers were very nice. I was so relieved they let us get change for quarters (damn meter parking). We ordered:- Burmese Chicken Salad(Tangy/spicy chicken salad... SO GOOD)- Coconut curry chicken flour noodles (SO GOOD) - Burmese Style Beef Curry Rice (this one wasn't as great) our total was $43 i suppose I will come here again to try that samosa soup!
yum! Want to make sure I do a long fast before I go here, so I can sample a lot of different dishes. would also be good to go with a big group, and do a family style order. mmm.
The food here is greasy, but good.The owner herself has said to me that this is "american-style" Burmese food. I don't really care if I'm being pandered to. The staff are more efficient than a German clock. The pork curry is satisfying. The coconut rice is delicious and sticky with nothing on it at all. The tea leaf salad is famous for a reason. The samosa soup is the best thing to eat on a cold day. The only thing I find truly vexing is the lemonade. It's expensive ($4) and it's not that good. Ditto the lemonade/beer combo beverage. Order a beer, and leave much happier.Don't be intimidated by the wait. They turn tables here faster than stock prices plummet.
Tasty, but not worth the effort. The line is ridiculous, and for what? Food that tastes about as good as all the other good restaurants on Clement st, but costs 50% more?Hyped up to be awesome, and so people assume its awesome. also, too much of a scene for my taste. my stomach likes to eat, not socialize. 3 stars because its not the restaurant's fault that people will sell their mom for a tea leaf salad.
My weekend brunch buddy and I decided to try a different place than our usual spots, we decided to park by Clement street and walk until we find something that caught our eye. We had both hear of Burma SuperStar, and we both believed they were good things we heard so we decided to give it a go.We were seated quickly by a friendly hostess and were quickly attended to, we decided to start off with Platha and Dip which came out quickly and was so/so, it wasn't bad however there was something a little off with it. My buddy ordered a noodle dish, I am not sure which one, what I do know is my friend didn't like it much and I tried a bite and it was very buttery. I ordered the sesame chicken with jasmine rice which was something along the lines of mall or airport Chinese food that you would get in Utah. I had my friend try and it and he gave me the same look he gave me when he ate really bad sushi :)The service was decent and that is the only reason I am giving them 2 stars. My friend went home and did a search on the restaurant and found that they received score of a 37 a few years ago by the public health inspections, I have never seen a score that low! sf.everyblock.com/restauneedless to say I will never go back to this place, my stomach is tossing and turning as I type this...
Tea Leaf Salad. Do it! No regrets will be had. I guess there was a bit of a wait (but I was running late to dinner so didn't really feel it... oopsie). Delicious cuisine. Garlic-y goodness. Shared two different curry dishes (one with pumpkin).
And how are things in Rangoon? Did you know author George Orwell was a British colonial officer who lived in Burma and was so inspired by the political persecution he saw there in the 1920's that he wrote "1984" based on his observations?But you won't be persecuted here...at least politically. Just a daunting waiting list if you come past 6PM....impossible parking unless you have incredible karma and the scruples of Dick Cheney....sidewalks so crowded that the derelicts have become Type A. Indeed these could be signposts for dining disaster if it weren't for the fact that Burma Superstar is one superb place for fresh Southeast Asian cuisine.I'm a fan of their idiosyncratic salads, especially the $9 Rainbow, which consists of 22 ingredients including four types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, dried shrimp and a tamarind dressing. Delish and so fresh. The $12 Pumpkin Shrimp Stew is really tasty, too, and the pumpkin is never mushy when I've tried it.The $9 Vegetable Curry Delux is a nice combination of tomatoes, squash, eggplant, lentils and tofu ladled with a spicy curry sauce. I am always thrilled when I see pea shoots on a menu, and they serve a heaping plate of it stir-fried in wine and garlic. The $2 side dishes of rice are very Burmese and either the Tan Poi with cinnamon, cardamom, raisins and nuts or the house specialty, coconut rice, are worth a try.The decor is simple and a bit on the Pier One side. The service is really fast and courteous given the awaiting hoards of fans waiting outside for your table. Try your best to come at 5PM on the dot to get a table right away. It is so worth a visit....and you won't be caned for spitting or crimes against the state!FOOD - 5 stars...the name says itAMBIANCE - 4 stars...simple, somewhat congested inside...and on one busy street to bootSERVICE - 4.5 stars...fast and courteousTOTAL - 5 stars...one of my true faves in the city
Ok, I have to explain that I'm a HUGE fan of Burmese food and I really would have given this place four stars, but I really think it's what I ordered that killed it. I've gone to the Burma SuperStar over in EastBay in Telegraph and that was amazing, so I'm pretty sure it was just what I ordered that made me not like it as much. So, pay attention, here is what NOT to order!Food: I ordered a rainbow salad, the vegetarian delight and a curry noodle with chicken. The rainbow salad was mainly composed of noodles and potatoes. Very heavy and starchy. The taste was also kinda bland. I really regretted not getting the Tea Leaf salad because I've had that before and I know it's really good! Then the vegetarian delight came and that was a major disappointment. It was basically just tofu skins drenched in oil and a little bit of soy sauce. I can't believe I had to pay $9 for that. It was honestly something that I could have thrown together and I can't even cook. So AVOID that dish at all costs! The curry noodles were pretty good, I would say that it saved the meal. If we didn't get the curry noodles, I would have given my dining experience a TWO star rating. I know this place has good food and I know they can do better, it's really just the poor choice of entrees that I ordered. Ambiance: It's a very small, cozy, cute restaurant. But because it's also so small, it gets really busy and super crowded. So go on off hours to avoid lines. I went at 5:00 and there were no lines, so that was nice :) Price: it's a bit pricey, so you can't order as much because it really adds up, and for the price you are paying, you aren't getting that much. But I guess this is trade off between quality and quantity. Here, you are paying for the quality. Service: I admit I drink alot of water, so I don't blame them when they couldn't keep up with refilling my water cup. They were pretty nice and welcoming. It's not like great service, but not horrible. Just mediocre. overall: Great place to eat, just pick the right dishes!
YUM! One of my favorite restaurant in the city. Samusa soup, rainbow salad are an absolute must.Do Remember that the samusa soup is for more like 4-5 people easily. It is a very busy restaurant, so expect a wait. Also try out their exotic drinks. I believe they keep offering different ones depending on the season.
This place was pretty damn good. We tried the tea leaf salad and garlic noodles as recommended on Yelp and we were not disappointed. We also tried the walnut shrimp and pork curry and I must say the pork curry was probably my favorite of the night. I definitely want to make a trip back to try the samusa soup and the rainbow salad as well as everything else on the menu!There were a few things to point out though. We called in and were told that it was a 30-minute wait, and we ended up waiting for an hour and a half. I do appreciate, though, that they allow us to call in to put our names on the waiting list even if they don't take reservations. The portions were much smaller than expected. We were satiated but we weren't full.Other than that, this place is amazing!
I have yet to find a bad dish
As expected.. I loved the tea leaf salad too! My friend wasn't too fond of it.. But we both enjoyed the chicken samusas. We shared 1 serving of brown rice (although next time I'll try the coconut rice) and the mint chicken. The chicken was good but not out-of-this-world amazing. Will definitely be coming back for the salads and for the friendly service :)
This is the place that turned me onto Burmese food and makes me miss it now that I don't live in SF. I still remember the first time I went there. I spent the entire day eating and was rather full. I went to Burma Superstar thinking I wouldn't eat much... boy was I wrong.We had to wait for about an hour to be seated. (there were 10 of us) We sat in the back corner at the table with the lazy susan. And, I wish I knew everything we ordered, but I don't remember anymore. We definitely got the tea leaf and rainbow salads, the samusa soup, an eggplant dish, a couple of different noodles and curries, and of course coconut rice. We also shared a couple of pitchers of sangria. I just remember being stressed out as the lazy susan was turned because I didn't have space left on my plate and didn't want to miss a single dish because they were all so good. And given the amount of food and alcohol we had.. it was really reasonable. Only about $25 per person. Definitely worth the wait if you're in SF!
I drive all the way from Sacramento to have their On Hoh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup $8.75) and you should too.Service can be really slow when it's busy...but that's always, so just be there first at 11:)
its good, but the wait can be quite long on some days
Note: went to the new Burma on Telegraph in Oakland. more modern look, less wait and more spacious. For us East Bay folks, this is very helpful compared to the one in the city. Same menu but tried Tea Leaf (better than Rainbow) plus Honey-Walnut Prawns this time. SF Location:Rainbow Salad: spicy but good. Tea Leaf probably a better choice.Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry) Must like eggs too. SuperStar Shrimp-Wok tossed shrimps with a chili and garlic sauce! My fav!  Add Coconut Rice and you're living large.Drink: Lychee julep!  A must have cocktail.FYI: very tough street parking so be patient. Long waits usually are a rule but I had a connection so no waiting! Said connection is a she and "She" is super cool!!  Hope we can do dinner again. Lots of fun.
The food is good but not worth the wait. Our wait was an hour longer than we were told. The host had an attitude about the delay which was worse than the actual wait. In total we waited 2 hours then were told we would have to wait at least another 30 minutes. It was just too much so we left. I have been seated in a more timely fashion before but tonight's wait and miscalculation of the wait were too much to deal with. Eat dinner before you go because by the time you are seated you will be hungry again.
Now I understand why this place is so loved. Tea leaf salad was TO DIE for! Chicken Curry Roti was great!I could have eaten those two ALL day long.
Don't be fooled by the Chinese knock offs. They only put more lead in everything. This is the true Burma Superstar. The food is truly a unique experience. A mix of sub-continent and Southeast Asian with a hint of Chinese. Tea Leaf salad is the standard starter and willbe like nothing you have ever had. The Bun Tay Kauswer should be eaten after other dishes you order. The curry and chili are a bit strong and may over power the palette. The curry eggplant was good and looked ready for a photo shoot in it's presentation. The black bean chicken and Burmese Chicken casserole were both very good. Stopped here on the way up Route 1. Planned on passing SF since the city is a musem with nothing there except old hippies and crappy Victorian architecture but the Superstar made us stop. Not the only reason to got o SF but pretty close. Walked right in, waited maybe five minutes on a Wednesday.
Uhm... yeah, I agree with the crowd. I wish they had better parking but hey, it's San Francisco.Take-out from this place is JUST AS GOOD as waiting in line to eat there.
Havent had a dish here I didnt love.. The first time i heard about this place, i came here twice within a few days. The only downside is the wait. Id recommend getting there right when it opens.. even then, you'll be in a line of hungry people waiting. Pumpkin pork dish, chicken casserole, chicken dahl, beef kebat, tea salad (bit overpriced but good), and the samosa soup ... all great items. Good place to bring out of towners.. Oh and if you are 3 people, be prepared for a longer wait!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yet another review for Burma Superstar, and honestly, it's not going to say anything the other 1000+ reviews haven't said - it's why I've waited as long as I have to review it.The food itself is a 5. I had the fabled tea leaf salad (without shrimp), the pumpkin pork curry (or something like that), and the coconut rice - the hype surrounding these dishes is pretty much justified as I still get random cravings for all 3 from time to time. I also had a ginger lemonade, which was very tasty and very, very, gingery - almost too gingery for my tastes, but considering the name, I can't be disappointed. Service is a 3. I realize that the place has been featured on many a food show and as such gets packed for dinner. However, it's been like this for years now - I don't really get the excuse for not having some sort of reservation system. Granted, during peak dinner times, the hostess will take your cell number and call you when your table is ready, and the quoted wait times are often longer than the reality (mostly because people give up and go elsewhere) - even so, they've had plenty of time to tweak things and they haven't. Once you get inside the service is friendly enough, although I've seen people camping at the tables while hordes are waiting to get in - I understand not wanting to make people feel like they're being rushed, but there's a way to get people in and out quickly without being rude. All in all, it really is that good, but if you plan to brave the crowds for dinner, don't expect a choir of angels to sing hallelujah upon your first bite of tea leaf salad after waiting an hour or more to get in - it'll be more like a barbershop quartet.
Amazing. All the hype is completely justified. The wait wasn't bad, and certainly worth it.
SO GOOOOOOOOOD.Please order the soup. You won't be disappointed. Their Burma Cooler is delicious as well. Lemon, Ginger and Thai beer.two thumbs up.
Burma Superstar is another example of a great restaurant with great food, which is cracking under its own toxic popularity. The dishes are excellent, as long as you can get past the fact that it's mostly the greasy sauces that are making the food astounding. A few exceptions would be the Tea Leaf Salad with tamed tea leaves (a must-order), and the Burmese Samusas (a variant of samosas).The cracking happens while waiting for over an hour for your table. The hosts/hostesses have been doing a poor job lately with keeping the waiting list in proper order, and I've seen many customers sit down completely ticked off about it. I remember thinking "Damn, that would ruin my meal if the lady messed up the order and made me wait an extra 30 minutes". Then, the next visit, it happened to us. I was TICKED. Regardless of how popular a restaurant becomes, the staff must keep the ship together. We all know what happens to an overcrowded ship in disrepair, right? The best way to enjoy your meal at Burma Superstar is to call ahead about 90 minutes to place your name on the list, then once you arrive, DEFEND your name on the list by checking every 10 minutes.
After months of wanting to try Burma Superstar....I finally did it. We knew there would be a wait...cuz there always is...so we called and put our name on the list. As we're walking up, my name was called. It was totally meant to be. This place is damn tiny...no wonder why the wait is always so long. They need to expand! We tried the tea leaf salad to start. It was like nothing I've ever tasted but it was oh so delicious. It seemed really simple, but the flavors all worked really well with each other. We wanted to try the Mango Chicken, but who knew Mango wasn't in season? Not me....so the waiter suggested we try the Spicy Basil Chicken...he said it was very similar to the mango chicken. It did not disappoint! It wasn't THAT spicy...the sauce was awesome. I'm normally not a carrot type-a girl (despite my natural ginger kid hair), but the carrots were delicious. The coconut rice is a definite MUST. The coconut isn't too overwhelming, but definitely added a nice touch when mixed with the chicken. We decided to go all out and try dessert. I mean, we're at freakin' Burma Superstar, you have to go all out, right!? So we got the banana and jack fruit spring rolls...what the hell is jack fruit, anyway? Whatever it is, it was delicious and ended on a nice note. The service was pleasant and the water guy was fairly prompt. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because my stomach was hurtin' for the rest of the night. No idea what it was...I've been dieting so maybe my body isn't used to such a fulfilling meal right now, but it was no bueno. I was definitely a little sluggish at the gym, that's for sure. But other than that, it was a great experience.
So good. Great place to take friends and family, especially those out of towners. You won't regret it!We got a rediculous amount of food to share. Which was easily shared on the center "lazy susan" Who knew those things were still around. You will most likely have to put your name in an wait.... We had about an hour for 5 people but we gave them our cell number and had some drinks down the street at Q before. This place was so good we went back the next day for lunch, I'm just sayin'
Well we have all heard about this place but none of us ever been. So it was time to give it a try. Just be prepared to WAIT!We prepared ourselves for a wait, and wait we did. I put our name on the list at 6:30pm and we didn't actually sit down until almost 8pm.  Everything was flavorable and fresh. The lamb was great, the salads are awsome, everything is great quality and perfect for sharing. But would I say that this is worth the 1 1/2 hour wait, NO!The restaurant is small and doesn't take reservations so be prepared for a wait any time you go there, but you can go down the street to Troya and get a glass of wine and relax and wait.The thing is I usually go out to eat when I'm hungry so waiting this long pretty much puts me in an insane state and I get quite bitchy. So while this was one of those check marks that must be done, I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon.
Can Burma Superstar BE anymore popular? (in lieu to Chandler from FRIENDS). Okay so I honestly don't need to write another review for Burma Superstar but hell, why not. It's pretty damn good! I've lived in SF all my life and have NEVER step foot in Burma SS because of the horrendous wait I always hear about. Yes, it's true. A party of 2 waited for 50 minutes on a Monday night at 6pm. The cool thing is that you can put your name on the list along with a phone number and they will call you when your table is ready. Just be around in the area so you can get there quickly. MUST ORDER:SamusasTea Leaf Salad (I hate salads but this is G double-O D!)See Jyet Kauswer (Garlickey noodles)Coconut Rice (for all you coconut haters out there, myself being guilty, this does not taste like sun-block at ALL. It is actually really good -- better than normal steamed white rice. Has good flavor to it. Try it!)DON'T ORDER:Spicy and Crispy Chicken (It tastes like a better version of Orange Chicken from Panda Express)I'm taking off a star for the long wait, the not so great spicy and crispy chicken, and the fact that they don't have mango sticky rice here as a dessert. BLASPHEMY! The waitress told us to go to B Star just down the block for it. We went, they are closed on Monday nights. Why didn't the waitress know this? Hmph.(Photos to be loaded)
samusa soup is the BOMB.
We arrived at 8:00 on a Friday and wandered around a bit during the 1.5 hour wait. Note to restaurant-goers: Green Apple Books is just a block or two up and has plenty of awesome indie lit mags for perusal. After finally being seated, we settled on the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and veggie curry. The flavors of all were excellent, but every single dish was entirely too oily for my taste. My fellow diner agreed.
Tea leaf salad is one of the most unique/interesting/flavorful things I've ever eaten. Very good food
I finally got to come here after wanting to for more than a year now!! I was dreading the parking and the line when I was on my way here but we found parking right in front of the restaurant and we got seated right away! We got here around 2pm with 4 people.I got to try to Tea Leaf Salad which I thought was the best dish I had! It was really delicious and something I would get again and again!!The vegetarian samusa soup which was also a hit for me! The soup was a little thick but not too thick and had lots of interesting veggies in it which was all good!The fiery beef with vegetables and tofu though didn't sit very well with me! I thought the sauce was a little too strong and salty for my taste.The chicken dahl however was pretty good and everything was really good with the coconut rice!I would come again and try some more different dishes but of course I would get the tea leaf salad again!
Trendy but worthwhile. I rarely see a place that constantly has a line outside. But the lines keep coming back because its that good.
Was told the wait would be 1hr...turned out to be 2.5 hrs. The food was just OK, other Burmese restaurants taste just as good or better without the wait.
You have to know what to order at this more than popular Burmese spot. Tea leaf salad, albeit with untraditional lettuce; mohinga, chicken curry soup, and the chicken curry noodles are my favorites. Seasoning is surprisingly variable but you can ask for chili or fish sauce on the side. Be prepared to wait.
This is my FAVORITE restaurant in San Francisco!Family style for a large group is the way it's been done in the past. And since I'm usually with a 5+ people, the fact that they'll call you on your cell when you're table is ready is priceless. That wait can get pretty insane! Worth the wait it is though! On my first visit a friend took care of all the ordering, making certain that we had the Tea Leaf Salad and the Rainbow Salad to start. Wow, I'm so glad he did because these are both amazing!With flavors from Burma, India, China, Laos and Thailand, Burma Superstar has the perfect mix of spices and seasonings without going overboard.The Burmese Samusas are by far the best!If you need a place to hang out while you wait, check out Blue Danube across the street. They have the best Mexican Hot Chocolate and beer to hold you over.
Their tea leave salad is great but the pumpkin pork dish was disappointing. Pork was tough. It really smells better outside than the food actually tastes.I do notice this is a very non-Asian clientele for a Clement St restaurant. Best thing about this restaurant (after my 1 hr 45 min wait) is they'll call you when your table is ready.
BURMA...SUPERSTAR. LOVE the name, the food is hit or miss... BUT the one thing they do a lot of, and do well, is salads. burma superstar has built their reputation around their tea leaf salad - an interesting salad that gets its unique flavor from burmese tea leaves. it's a nice light multi-textural salad packed with great ingredients, though it may be a bit bitter for some. if you're not a fan of bitter flavors, the rice salad may be a better bet. it's a multi component salad (mostly made of rice) with a great garlic flavor. super yummy. on the dark side of salads is the rainbow salad, which was once described as tasting like it was "seasoned with budweiser" by a friend of mine. salads aside, the samusa soup is DELICIOUS. it's comforting, contains great spices and is unbelievably flavorful. i'm a certified carnivore and even without any meat, it's amazing. as far as entrees go, i haven't had anything that's really been amazing. the biggest let down was probably the garlic chili shrimp which had an overwhelming amount of chili that diluted all the other flavors. the pumpkin curry with pork is alright... and i have a few friends who are fans of the burmese chicken casserole with cardamom cinnamon rice. the dish was decent, but had too much going on for my liking. if you're going at night, i highly recommend calling in to get your name on the list. this place gets PACKED and if you just show up during dinner you're likely to have to wait for an hour - minimum.
This place is just ok. Just that. And overhyped. Actually I think it should just be 2.5 stars because nothing really stands out. I'd read about the long wait time before coming, but because it was a Wednesday night, I was optimistic. Nope, still a long wait. I think every 10 minutes it was "it will be 25 more minutes."Anyway, the fried samosas were ok, fried potatoey goodness. The tea leaf salad was also just ok. I think mentally I was a little disturbed by the idea of consuming fermented tea leaves, as if they were half rotten or something. The restaurant is big on bringing the plates of food over to your table with the ingredients perfectly partitioned and then mixing it up for you. We also ordered a noodle dish and beef with basil. Also ok. Nothing fantastic.I'll check this off my list of SF restaurants, but have no desire to come back, unless if maybe the meal were free.
Myanmar Superstar lived up to all the expectations! My friend scored a parking right on front of the restaurant on a Saturday night, even though we first intended to eat a nearby Taiwanese restaurant which was thankfully closed so we ended up at BS anyway. The wait was 30 minutes but they give you a menu and let you pre-order while you wait for your table, so by the time you get your table, you pretty much wait 10 minutes for your meal! Best system ever!We had the classic chicken casserole dealy, pumpkin & shrimp stew, lamp curry and the bread (platha?). The one that stood out the most was the casserole dish, all those crazy flavors made me so happy. Even the sangria with lychee was good. I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.The only bummer was when the staff started cleaning a nearby table. It reeked of bleach and some other chemicals. It didn't help that the friend that I was dining with was telling me about his idea of selling novelty sex toys. The mix of the smell and conversation made me feel like I was having dinner at a peepshow but other than that I enjoyed myself.
Came here to see what all the hype was about. We ordered the much talked-about tea leaf salad, the samosas, spicy crispy chicken and the garlic and chili shrimp. The dishes all came promptly, which is always a plus. The tea leaf salad was actually quite tasty, and so were the samosas. The other two dishes though were somewhat disappointing. Essentially it tasted like something out of a generic Chinese restaurant, but at a higher price =(. Pros: Food came out quickly and the ingredients were very fresh. The tea leaf salad and the samosas were quite delicious, so I'd definitely order that again. Service was extremely friendly and attentive, which made the experience so much more enjoyable. Cons: The other two dishes were NOT good at all. Also, this place is a bit on the expensive side....the bill came out to 51 dollars for those 4 dishes =X. I wasn't really feeling the ambience too, not to mention that there is poor ventilation in the restaurant. Overall, I might return to try their "more Burmese" dishes (the curries etc). However, I don't believe the food justifies the long wait or the prices. This place is good, but definitely overhyped =(.
Ahhh... it feels good to finally be on the bandwagon! Great spot. Obviously the food is great and the price is right.. Originally, I was thinking 4 stars, but the service is what really rounded it out, and makes it a 5 star spot. I have heard that service can lack at this place because it gets so crowded and busy. But we were there at peak time Friday night and had impeccable service. Very friendly, guided us through the menu and were very quick and responsive. Well worth the wait.... Round 2 coming soon!
I went here for lunch today after reading the gazillion reviews that I saw here on Yelp. As recommended, I ordered the tea leaf salad and the curry pork with potatoes, with a side of rice and plantha.  The food was pretty good. My bf was obsessed with the salad - he agreed with the reviews and wanted to lick the plate. Me, though, thought it was different and unique, but I wasn't ready to eat a whole dish of it on my own. I am not sure about those fermented tea leaves....but since my bf was so crazy about it, I gave it the benefit of the doubt. As for the curry pork, I enjoyed that. It wasn't too spicy, wasn't too greasy and I really liked the flavors. I would definitely come back here and I am excited to try the rainbow salad and samusa soup. Extra points for the complementary tea available while waiting for a table and the heaters outside so people waiting don't have to freeze!
I raved to some friends about this place and brought them from south San Jose up to SF to check it out. When I arrived in the city I called in to check on how long the wait was for a table and they told us they would rather not seat a table of 9 people. So much for customer service.....
It was very good! Still #1 Burmese restaurant although the line is long, it's worth to wait!
i know i know i am going to get heckled by my friends, but i was just not wowed. The location is good and the parking is not too bad.As for the place, it is a bit cramped as they tried to fit as many tables in as possible. However, they were quickly filled by 7:30 on a cold and wet Thursdays, so you know it does have a followingHere is the breakout:The Burma soup was simply amazing both hot and sweet at the same time. Lots of veggies, but not over whelmed by them.We had a chicken and lamb dish which was spicy in a good way, but to be honest, was not very special. It just seemed a bit oily and lacked the flavor we expected from the soup.Anyway, it was good and the prices were very reasonable for a one Michelin star restaurant. oh ya, the service was a bit slow, but they were very nice and helpful when recommending where to have dessert.
5 stars if it's not for the wait. I tried several dish but tea leaf salad surely earned a special place in my list of "last-meal-that-I'm-going-to-eat-before-I-die". You don't have to be a salad person to love the tea leaf salad cause I'm not a huge fan of salad myself.Prepare to wait unless if you come like an hour before they close on the afternoon (they serve lunch and dinner with a break in between)
Food: The tea leaf salad was really good. The samusa soup was ok, but I think I'd likely just try the appetizer Burmese samusa next time. I got some kind of catfish dish (not the chowder) and I won't get it again. My boyfriend ordered the Chili Lamb and it was unbelievable - really good. You MUST get this if you like spicy, sooo good. The coconut rice was good and I thought the Tan Poi rice was really good. The service was excellent and I'd definitely suggest asking for the servers recommendations b/c everything they recommended was awesome.  The place is pretty small so you might get to know your neighboring table. :)I will most certainly be back...but only after I call first and get my name on the list - the 2 hour wait was just too much. :)
Really can't say enough about this place. Burmese food consists largely of rice, but Superstar manages to celebrate the mediocrity. In addition to exceptionally banal and devoid cuisine, you'll be able to enjoy a cramped, insufficient dining area. Some lucky patrons eat near the privy, so try to request that if you can.Given these high points, it's understandable that this restaurant is popular. Fear not, though. Wait times are typically under 2 hrs, even on busy nights like Tuesday. Plus, the hostess is kind enough to allow you to enjoy the sunless, wind-corridor sidewalk while you wait.
What could I possibly add to Burma Superstar's 1,406 reviews? Little probably--except that I can't believe how overhyped and popular this joint is. Yeah, the food is good and yeah, the service is great, but it's no superstar.My friend and I began with the far and wide recommended Vegetarian Samusa Soup. The hot soup was savory and comforting on a cold night, but I didn't find the taste out of this world. And what's with the falafel in there? The samusas were fine simmering by themselves. Maybe I'm biased but Vietnamese soup has so much more depth and flavor. Next we had the Fiery Beef with Tofu and the Pumpkin Shrimp. The beef was boldly delicious--very reminiscent of the caramelized, saucy Mongolian beef at Chinese restaurants. The shrimp was more delicate in flavor--like a light curry. Although the dishes were pricey, the portions were huge. This was more than enough for two people.Maybe the rating for this restaurant is inflated due to the limited Burmese options in the city or maybe I I was let down by overly great expectations, but my experience here wasn't all that and a side of samusas. Burmese food is influenced by Chinese, Indian, and Thai cuisines, which are clear and distinct--I'd likely opt for them instead of Burmese next time. I'm a purist, what can I say?
I'm thrilled to say I finally made it to the famous, super hyped, much yelped establishment, Burma Super Star. There's no need for a super complex proclamation of my love for this place, because everything was fresh and fantastic (as expected). In a nutshell: - the smell was intoxicating as we approached- once we were seated the service was efficient - the atmosphere is bustling and pleasant - they have a tempting tea list- the broccoli with garlic was amazing (yes I LOVE broccoli) - the veggie delight (mixture of veggies with curry and lentils) was also amazing and extremely flavorful- Very reasonable prices I cannot wait to go back and try the various vegetarian dishes offered (and there are plenty) as well as the Tea Leaf Salad that everyone loves. *Note: they have a no reservation policy, however you can call the day of your visit and have your name put on the list.
A friend of mine had asked me if I ever had Burmese food. I replied no and he took me to Burma Superstar. It was located in a busy area with numerous restaurant options; however, this little gem was packed and the wait was over an hour! We left our names and number and checked out the Green Apple bookstore. When they had called us, we rushed over there and ordered 3 different dishes. Started with the rainbow salad compiled of 22 ingredients and it was amazing! Sadly enough, I have gotten addicted to the salad and have been ordering that every time I go there. Mango chicken and chicken coconut curry noodle soup are also good as well. I really recommend the place and the staff is very friendly and attentive, even on busy nights! I have no idea how people can bash this place because if you know how to order, when to order, when to go, etc...you'll have a great experience! Mandalay which is close by is also a Burmese restaurant but does not compare to Burma Superstar!Come here during lunch because it's extremely less crowded and the dinner menu is available as well. When you order to go, request your sauces or dressings be put in dixie cups because they will separate all the ingredients for the sauces and you get to see what the dressings and or sauces are comprised of. Like I have stated, the staff is very friendly and work very hard. I've seen the same staff wait on me numerous times and they look exhausted but they are knowledgeable and good at their jobs. Great service, satisfactory food, and an experience like no other! I just had a rainbow salad on Vista Point, it was yum, yum, yummy! Check out my added photos of the restaurant!In addition, Mandalay's rainbow salad is not good. It's 8 ingredients only and does not do justice to Burma Superstar's 22 mouth watering flavors! I love Mandalay but Burma Superstar is intimate, friendly staff, and when I come here at lunch, there is no wait! Ordering to go is no problem because they will gladly separate the ingredients you want or don't want, package it nicely and serve you with a smile and a thanks!Parking is easy if you know where to park and there is a Washington Mutual next door for all those Wamuers! I agree with Jessica T with her review and check out my pictures!
After enjoying the Alameda edition of this restaurant for years we decided to try the San Francisco original.The menu is a little different but the food is still terrific. Our waiter couldn't have been nicer. He was friendly and made some excellent suggestions. When I ordered Iced Tea he warned me it was out of a bottle which makes a big difference. I enjoyed their Thai Iced Tea instead. Great service, good atmosphere. The salads are all WONDROUS treats and their spicy noodle dishes are unique. This is a one of a kind special place to dine.
I had been hearing SO much about this place since I moved to SF. Just shy of my one-year anniversary here, I finally got around to checking it out. It was good, but in my opinion it did not quite live up to the hype. My best friend was visiting from the east coast so after soaking in some rare sunshine at Golden Gate Park, we headed over to Clement. We happened to arrive at what I thought was an odd hour (4:15 on a Sunday) so we grabbed a drink at Blue Danube across the street to kill time till it opened at 5. Luckily we sat outside and kept an eye on the place because by 4:30, the line was already starting to form. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, but it's definitely bizarre that so many people are willing to eat dinner that early just to check this place out. The service was excellent. I thought it would be incredibly slow since the entire restaurant filled up at the same time. But they are like a well-oiled machine, without being too pushy. 5 stars for service. I would probably give the food 3 to 3.5 stars. We got the Samusa soup, Fiery Lamb and Tofu, and the Pumpkin Shrimp Curry. They were all just ok - not spicy enough for my taste. I think part of the problem is that this place is just WAY too overhyped and there is no way it can live up to the expectations. But, still worth checking out once to see for yourself. It's an SF staple, after all!
Food was so good the steak cubes two thumbs uppp!! dont forget to check in to get your free thai ice tea!
One of my favorite restaurants in the city - so much flavor! My staples are rainbow salad (with over 20 ingredients!), coconut rice, samusa soup, and pea shoots! Definitely worth the wait.
hidden treasure in Daly City, refreshing change of pace from the numerous (mostly good0 Asian food choices in the area.
Delicious, highly flavorful food. What else can be said that hasn't already. Fermented tea leaf salad is a unique standout.
Fantastic restaurant with a good repuation for good reason! The one thing that I really don't like is that because it's so popular, there's generally a long line to get a table. Luckily, I live in the neighborhood, and they do TAKE OUT! Woot!Personally, I'm addicted to the Walnut Shrimp with Brown Rice as a side. In fact, anything with Shrimp is good. And the Coconut Rice is the best rice you'll ever have. It has a creamy, soft quality that pushes a smile across your face. I'm a pescatarian, so I haven't eaten many of their meat-based dishes, but my boyfriend has tried several and really likes their curries. There was one time he ordered the Sesame Chicken, and we agreed it was a bit dry, but other than that he's seemed happy as well.Note: if you do eat in the restaurant, it can get a little loud as it's a small, very crowded room. Just something to consider if you're looking for a place to hold a good conversation!
Awesome food. Weird hours.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in SF and I always bring my out of town friends here to blow their minds with coconut rice and tea leaf salad. The wait is really long but I tend to walk around the corner to a bar and have a drink before dinner so it never bothers me much. I highly recommend their pumpkin stews, eggplant curry and garlic mint chicken just to name a few. There has yet to be a single thing that I have tried that I have not enjoyed :)
Awesome food, but too long to wait! You can't blame a place for its popularity, so I'm still giving it 5 stars. All the Burmese favorites are alive and well, cooked perfectly, and with a friendly (albeit crowded) atmosphere.
I went here on a Sunday night and the place was packed! This was the first (and only) time that I've tried Burmese food and I was a fan. It's a mix of Indian, Thai, and Chinese cuisine. The prices were very reasonable and the food was tasty... what more can you ask for? I recommend the samosa soup and the rainbow salad.
I've been hearing about this place for a year and finally planned to go and wait in line to try this oh so hyped Burmese food. We only waited an hour on a random Tuesday night for a party of four. I really enjoyed the Tea Leaf salad although I could see how some may find it salty. I picked a spicy tofu dish for my entree which was nothing too special. Maybe I wasn't too impressed after listening to everyones rave reviews but this place was just okay. Just like everyone else has said, its super loud and expect to wait... outside. I did overhear employees being instructed not to disclose how much time parties would have to wait to sit down as they would lose them as customers.I will go back to try the Rainbow salad and samusa soup.
My friends ordered take-out from Burma Superstar and we had a big feast. They ordered a ton of food and it was my first time trying Burmese food. I was excited since I've heard great things about the place.I was starving and ready for a great meal. I helped myself to the tea leaf salad, chicken curry noodles, various curries, vegetable samosas among other things. To be honest, the food was only ok. I wasn't overly impressed and wasn't raving about the food while I was eating it. It was decent food that filled my tummy, but I wouldn't say that I loved it. It might be that when you order to go, it's different, but I didn't see what the big commotion was about the place. Perhaps I'll try it another night when I can actually dine in the restaurant and we'll see if they change my mind.
This place doesn't really even need another review from me--it already has over 2,000. But, I just have to say that I LOVE this place. I was at Green Apple Books one day and typed "best Burmese food" into my handy Yelp app and of course it popped up, so I went. I have now been twice and there is nothing that I could possibly complain about. So far I have had the Rainbow Salad, the Green Tea Salad, the Samusa soup, the yellow bean curry, the ginger lemonade, and the coconut fritters (dessert)--the fritters being my least fave thing there, but still good. Today I spent 45$ (tax and tip included) just on myself--but I have leftovers, so that is good at least. I guess it is pretty pricey--but so totally worth it.I have never eaten Burmese anywhere else, so I have nothing to compare it to, but gosh this place is delish.
Came here after they were first shown on Check Please Bay Area! That's been a while...I sort of still remember what we orderedSamosas (okay...not a huge fan)tea leaf salad (excellent)coconut rice (okay)garlic noodles (not enough garlic)some chicken dish (must not have been that great i don't remember if I liked it or not)I've never been back so it must not have really done anything for me. Let alone reading other yelp reviews about the wait now days...way overrated :(
I think it's hilarious how some people would complain that the food is oily and greasy but that's how burmese foods are cooked. Anyways, I thought this place was pretty good. I ordered a Shan noodles which is one of the REAL Burmese dishes on their menu instead of a fusion. Don't get me wrong, everything tasted really good but I can taste that the cooks are trying to make it more for the "american" taste. The only crap part is the wait. My friend and I waited about an hour before we got seated but whatever, it's hard to find a good Burmese restaurant anywhere besides my house. I'll be coming back.
You know.. I don't think I like Burmese food. Coming here was my first ever experience with it and all we ordered were the "starred" true Burmese dishes. They were all just ok. They were kind of like more bland versions of Thai dishes I've had in the past, with a little extra peanut and lemon splashed in. And I don't get all the hype over this tea leaf salad. It's all nuts! The dressing is just fermented tea leaves! Definitely different but I can't say that I was in love. Yes the service is superb. Probably one of the best I've experienced in the city. Grace and I talked to the server about his experiences in Burma and how he ended up coming to America. Nice guy. 5 stars for service, you superstars!But yeah, in the end I think I am just not a fan of Burmese food. If you are, then you'll love this place. For me, I'm gonna stick with Thai food at the Marnee. This review makes me want to watch Coming to America again. Hah what a great movie.
BIG fan! This place has some of the best, unique food I've tried in SF. Our waiter (Kenneth) was very helpful with ordering. All of his suggestions were right on spot for what we were looking for. The green tea leaf salad and rainbow salad were a great start, but the Samusa soup is FANTASTIC! Definitely a must. All of the entrees were delicious. We did family style for a Birthday party, and I'd say everyone was quite pleased. The dish that sticks out in my mind was the shrimp and pumpkin curry. Plus, they have pitchers of Chimay! To top it all off, they brought a complimentary surprise dessert for the Birthday girl--cocounut ice cream with strawberries. Enough for the whole table. Now I know why the line outstide was so long....Will definitely be back! Great food and great service...can't ask for much more.
Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup. Period. very very tasty
so good! the rainbow salad and samosa soup is where its at! but the long wait isn't so great
We went here with a couple of friends a few weeks back. The food is absolutely terrific. Try the Tea Leaf salad and Lychee Mojito!
This place is the bomb. Great samusa soup n the egg curry with okra are my staple favs. Also excellent is their rainbow salad which looks deceptively average. Do try! The wait line is always ridiculous but I generally am prepared for an hours worth of wait. So worth it.
Definitely the spot to get some good Burmese food. I would recommend everyone to try the tea leaf salad, its so good. Even on Sundays, there are long lines so come early if you want to eat here. Parking is hard to find around the area but its well worth it. The staff is friendly and nice. The place is kinda of small and the lighting is very dimmed.
Burma Superstar is definitely a gem and worth the trip across the city. I called ahead and the hostess was very polite and accommodating, when we arrived the wait was longer than the estimated 30 minutes, so we huddled under the outdoor heater and attempted to keep some warmth. We didn't mind the wait much bc the hostess was very friendly and helped give recommendations on the must-haves.When we got seated we decided to try both a mix of the "everyone recommends" and a few of our own choices.The results...We tried the signature samosa soup given the high acclaim and it actually wasn't all that spectacular. It tasted good, but seemed a little overrated.However, the rotiparatha and chicken curry appetizer was delicious. The portion was small, but really tasty.We ordered the chili lamb - my favorite entree of the evening! Full of flavor and not too spicy, just perfect.We also tried the curry which was yummy, but very similar to most curry dishes we make at home with typical Indian cooking. The walnut shrimp and spicy and crispy chicken seemed much like western Chinese cuisine and tasted great, but didn't really go well with the other dishes we ordered.The coconut rice rounded out the flavors nicely,I will definitely go back and pick more if the burmese dishes and listen to the recos given by the hostess and waitress - they know what they are talking about.
they made very bad Burmese food and bad services and expensive food will never go back again sorry
I will continue coming back again and again for the delicious tea leaf salad! Try it! So, I've been here and had to wait for like 30 minutes for a table (around 7 on a Thursday) and I've had no wait (around 5:30 again on Thursday). If you do have to wait, I suggest going over to the cafe across the street. They have a delicious fruity green tea that will warm your soul! Everything I've had here is really wonderful. I would suggest getting one of the noodle dishes and the tofu with green bean dish is superb if you like spicy stuff.
Come here to tantalize your taste buds! Yes, this place is always crowded but if you've never tried Burmese food, you have to try this eclectic little place. Loved everything we tried, especially the famous tea leaf salad. Call ahead and try to get your name on the list to avoid the long wait!
Very good food, drinks and bartenders!
Tea leaf salad + nan pia tok + mango chicken + coconut rice = perfection !!!
Tea leaf and rainbow salads are a must. I dream of them regularly!!
My father was bitching about the fact that he hasn't been to Burma in almost a year, so I suggested we have lunch at Burma SuperStar. "You mean that ok, but totally over-rated place in the Richmond?" he asked.Yup."The place where everyone orders tea leaf or Rainbow salad because their friends told them to order it?"Yup, I replied."Will I be able to find parking?" he grumbled.Yup, I replied (got lucky on that)It was interesting to learn we had both been to Burma SuperStar a few (dozen?) times, but this was our first visit together. So yeah, it's over-rated & crowded, but c'mon! There aren't an abundance of Burmese restaurants in town! We had a great lunch with good service.Did the old man leave lunch smiling & satisfied?Yup!
5 stars for deliciousness. Minus 1 star for tiny servings of rice and miniature pitchers of Burma Cooler. Nothing else to say that hasn't been said. Everything here is great.
My first taste of Burmese food. I got the chicken samusa, samusa vegetarian soup and a noodle dish that the waitress recommended, saying it was for spicy food lovers.The samusa was pretty good..reminded me of samosas. It had a potato filling with spices, wrapped in a spring roll skin and fried. Anything fried has got to be good right? The soup was very interesting. It was quite chunky and thick, slightly grainy too, which isn't what I particularly like. It had samusas and a blend of vegetables. It was pretty good, but not unbelievably amazing. It could've used a brighter flavor in there, like perhaps some citrus to wake things up a bit, or else the soup itself is a little dull.The noodles were pretty flavorful, although not spicy at all! What kind of recommendation was that?? But, it came in a nice curry-like sauce and was quite flavorful, although the noodles were slightly too soft for my taste.Overall, I had a good experience with Burmese food, although I would like to try some other dishes some time. All the food on other tables looked quite appetizing and they have a pretty large selection to choose from. Walking into the restaurant, you are engulfed in a pleasant and hunger inducing aroma. I would like to come again to try other dishes that would hopefully impress me more!
Believe the hype, it's a great unique place, and they aren't stuck on themselves by jacking up prices or anything. Another go to place when guests are in town because it is that unique: mix of Malaysian, Indian, Thai...basically throw it all together and you have a great mix of tastes. I'm weary of places with 'signature' dishes, but the tea leaf salad, and the samosa soup are staples you can NOT go wrong with. Do yourself a favor and do not skip those.  The mains are OK, but depending on what you get it can be some ugh Chinese flavor or more curried style. Price, quality, consistency, and everything is dead on for this little place.
I didn't think it was possible.....I didn't think that ANY place could compete with my beloved Too Chinois in Oberlin. But Burma SuperStar has wriggled into the aching jagged hole - left gaping - the day that I graduated college and had to part ways with the expolosive taste bud wonder that was Too's Chinois's sesame tofuNothing but but a sticky memory glazed in my mind, I would dream about the days which me and sesame tofu used to share together. It's juicy plump tofu filling, coated with gooey spicy and sweet sauce, lightly drizzled with sesame seeds haunted me. Why did the good times have to end?....we had such a good thing?! (Both of us thoroughly enjoyed Sex in the City and Six Feet Under) I finally and only recently came to terms that our love was passing. A great love, but a fleeting one. But NOooooooooooW, a new barrel chested steed has bounded onto my food terrain. BurmaSuperstar -- has galloped into my heart hole - bringing walnut shrimp and coconut pudding fritters. I'm not sure that my heart can take this sort of taste teasing.Burma SuperStar is THAT guy that dresses down in ripped jeans and white shirts, but ALWAYS manages to look amazing. The guy who pulls off effortless smoothness with a hearty laugh and oozing personality. EVERYBODY wants to date him. EVERBODY's just waiting for their chance. I mean..he's THAT guy. Of course some may talk smack, about how he's over-rated, how he's not that great at kissing, and how he's secretly obsessed with Tori Spelling, but deep down - everyone knows that he's a catch and that those forearms are the real thing. Rumors only mask the resentment built up inside those that don't have the time nor patience to wait around for THAT guy. Such is the life of Burma SuperStarBut I'm here to say that....Burma SuperStar is worth the wait..IT'S DEF. WORTH THE WAIT.....IF....and only IF...you know what to order. You can't really go wrong, if you order the - 1.) Rainbow salad2.) On Noh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup) 3.) Coconut rice4.) Walnut shrimp5.) And of course the coconut pudding fritters.Your stomach will gurgle thank-yous all night. Also don't be too put off by the wait. You can always call the night of, and put your name on the wait list - along with your phone number and head on over to a bar in the meantime. They'll call you, as soon as a table opens up. Not bad, huh?My only word of caution is tread lightly. The walnut shrimp are dangerous. They're light and sweet.....they're perfect. Be prepared for the notebook doodling - putting those little shrimp suckers in scribbled hearts -right by your initials, the nights you wistfully drive by Burma Superstar - peering in at all the contently eating customers, and the late night urges to call them - just to hear them say....."Take out or Eat in?"
I honestly don't know what's so Burmese about this place. But the food was great, and the service was superb. So even though the wait was long, you deserve five stars.It was my first time trying RAINBOW SALAD, and it was pretty good. It tasted like how a salad should taste - fresh, flavorful, and complimentary to the following heavier dishes.FIERY CHICKEN WITH TOFU was great as well. It was really saucy and strong in flavor, so you must order rice or else you will shoot out fire later. The texture of tofu is almost like that of some meat or fishcake, which was very satisfying. NAN PIA DOK was my favorite dish of all. The coconut curry and the flat noodles were a perfect match.If you're an impatient person but still want some good Asian food, go to its sister restaurant B Star Bar, which is two blocks away. Its service is also good, and it has the main popular dishes of Burma SuperStar.
The food here is okay. I don't really think it is worth the wait.I ordered Samusa and Moh Hinga, but it was kind of bland. I personally think it is a bit pricey for the quality of the food. I definitely prefer the Mandalay on California over this place.... less crowded too.
Excellent and the best of the Burmese restaurants. Is it worth waiting for? I go early or during off hours to avoid the lines. I wait for no one, even the amazing Tea Leaf Salad. The salads are tasty -- actually everything we have ordered has been amazingly delicious. Never had a bad dish. The only thhing I hate is how tight the tables are and that I can hear everything the table next to us are saying. I have had to stop myself from grabbing some food off of the next table. Go and good luck with the line and no stealing food off your neighbors table.
Today, my hubby and I took the dog out to Baker Beach to chase after the nudists. Running around on the sand pooped all three of us out, and we were craving some food so Burma Superstar, which is not too far away, sounded like a great idea. We knew that we would have to take the food home because we had the dog with us so we ordered the following to-go:-"World Famous" Rainbow Salad-Walnut Prawns&-Beef and Potato CurryThe food was so unimpressive. After we had brought the food home I was wondering whether the $38 we shelled out was worth it at all. OK maybe I'm too stingy, but if anything...the beef tasted like...beef and curry, and the Rainbow Salad did not taste good at all! It was like eating a tasteless colslaw with a dash of fish sauce. Maybe the food was bad because the people there don't fare well with take-out...correct me if I'm wrong please?I ate at this place before. I was one out of five asian people being served in the entire restaurant, the other four being people at my table. Is Burma Superstar just a themed restaurant to amaze a Western at a false representation of the actual food? Perhaps. Was this food exotic or impressive? I think not.
I love this food. The tea leaf salad.. very authentic. The restaurant is a modest set up and no, its not your date night setting, but if you want to impress someone on your choice of food.. yeah, this will do it.Excellent staff, friendly service, and fantastic food.
One word.....WOW! Burma SuperStar is FANTASTIC!!!! The tea leaf salad was to die for - I literally licked the plate! Walnut shrimp is wonderful as is the pork belly dish! Noodles were great too! YUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMOH!!!!!Try the sangria - it's delish!Tip - call ahead and put your name on the list. Many people who walked in had to wait 2+ hours. You might have to call a few time, but keep trying - it's definitely worth it!
Plan on REALLY long waits! However, it will be totally worth it! Get the tea leaf salad as an appetizer and make sure to get the coconut jasmine rice! Our meal was so good we flew home with our leftovers that night!
Best Sangria hands down! I always order the pitcher, of course, when it's available. Don't let the interior fool you from the quality of food this place has to offer. The peculiar mixed of the Rainbow Salad is a delightful, delicious surprise - truly satisfying to the palate. The coconut rice, curry, noodles, beef is amazeballs! I was told about this place many times and decided to try it out, my first experience was with a San Franciscan that raved about it - and rightfully so - deserves all the hype! Great ambiance, good service and delicious food!
It's a good place, the staff are agreeable, the food is good and the prices are reasonable. It is loaded with MSG though, how quickly we forget. So why three stars? What irks me is the line of people outside. Also, the food is Americanized. I spent a month in Myanmar and don't remember eating salmon or samosa soup there. In fact, I ate very little of what was on the menu here. That said, I did speak to a Myanmar person who said this place does have some authentic food. Next time I go (on a slo-night--if one exists) I'll ask for adivce. Trouble is, why would a wait staff who's not from Myanmar know any better? No way your going to get me in that line though when there are so many other excellent and under-patronized places in the region. So 4-star for the food, but remember, like most every other place on Clement, it's flavor enhanced, -1 star for the line. Long live Daw Aung San Suu Kyi!
Everytime I go here I find even more things to like about this little Clement street gem.  The tea leaf salad is wonderful. I like their vegetarian offerings and find the staff to be very helpful about things to order.  I especially lovethe ginger fresh lemonade.
I loved everything I tried here, and I went with a massive group so I got to try a lot of different dishes. Nothing, though, nothing in my experience comes even close to the Burma Superstar TEA LEAF SALAD. If your order nothing else on their menu, order the tea leaf salad! I am, even as I type this, trying to learn how to make it myself. I don't have high hopes, but I console myself with the knowledge that if I fail I can always go back to Burma Superstar!!The wait for a table is so worth it.
This place is amazing! I had never tried Burmese food before, and was unsure about what to expect really. At first, the restaurant space felt a bit confined, but once seated that feeling immediately withdrew and was replaced by a comfortable, cozy one. (Quite frankly, if I don't have to literally rub elbows with my neighbors and there's enough room on the table for all the food I want to order, then it's fine.) The atmosphere was wonderful, and wait staff was friendly and helpful. The bf and I decided on the samusas, coconut rice, Burmese style curry, and the chili lamb. The samusas were just ok, the curry and chili lamb were equally delicious, but my favorite part was the coconut rice! I can't believe I was hesitant about ordering it initially. It really goes well with the curry and chili lamb! We were disappointed to hear that they didn't have any desserts to offer at the moment, but they are working on it (happy face!). I've only been here once, but I am sure to make it a standard stop the next time I find myself in SF.
Yummy, yummy, yummy!!! My favorite place to eat in the city! You must have the Rainbow salad, it's to die for.All of the noodle dishes are incredible and the samusas are worth a whirl.Enjoy!
I had a good experience at Burma Superstar. The food was interesting and delicious. The servers were very friendly and knew how to satisfy the customers. The noise level was a bit high. Tea leaf salad is recommended. Overall a pleasant experience.
What can I really say about a restaurant reviewed thousands of times on Yelp? Join the masses. If you go to San Francisco, just do it. Do the Burmese soup and salad without a doubt and anything else on the menu will not disappoint. It will be so good that you will reminisce about the meal over the holidays with your friend who took you there months ago. And you will thank her for being so awesome to exposing you to some of the tastiest food in the country.
Fantastic food every time I have gone. The place is clean and cute and the service is terrific. Who could possibly ask for more ..... oh yeah, and the prices are great.
This place was wonderfuL! the wait was long but well worth it! I suggest putting your name in and then going to grab a drink while you are waiting elsewhere! The food was amazing, the service excellent, and then to top it off, we are expecting a baby soon, and the gal who was running things brought us a bib to take home. So cute!I highly recommend getting the crispy spicey chicken and the chicken moo shu...Thanks for such a great time while we were visiting!
tea leaf salad. thats all you have to say.
So after hearing nothing but great things about this place from everyone, I really wanted to try it. After suggesting it for the first 10 meals of my vacation, it was looking like I wasn't going to get my Burmese fix. Then finally when our dinner plans fell thru, my suggestion of getting takeout from the Star was acted upon.  With a large group, we all shared the samusa soup (which was separated to prevent sogginess during transport) and got some stuff of our own. The soup is amazing. I really just wanted to eat it as my whole meal. I also had the vegetable curry delux which was also great and quite flavorful. To put it into perspective on how much I enjoyed this, I am not a stoner and my friends that I ate with are definitely stoners. My soup and meal was completely gone before they even got halfway thru their soup. I eat sort of fast, but still.
Its good. The tea leaf salad here is not as good as another Burmese place I visited. But the servers were really nice & the place is clean. The art is interesting ( you will see what I mean).
Preeeetty bomb! This is another review for the sake of my yelp profile completeness but I think it totally necessary to write something bc the food is seriously awesome!Order (for two): -- tea leaf salad: explosion of yummy flavors and CRUNCH! I love crunchiness in my food, the fried garlic is a nice touch. Totally worth ordering - how often do you get to eat tea leaves from Burma?!-- rainbow salad: yep, I think all 22 ingredients are totally necessary in this salad. The texture and semi sweet, tangy, and salty flavors all created the perfect blend of... I dunno, yumminess..? Def win. -- samusa soup: Mmm good, Burmese version of samosas in a soup that has lots of lemony delicious flavor. Also very much worth ordering. -- pumpkin pork stew: I LOVE pumpkin food, and this was def pretty awesome. The sweet spicy pumpkin flavor and the sauce went awesome with the coconut rice, and the pork was really tender and melt in your mouth-y. Very delish. Only negative thing was the dry starchiness of the pumpkin (which tasted almost like yams or potatoes), but the flavor was really good. The portions are pretty decent sized and the waitress seemed doubtful that we could finish everything but eh, no prob, we cleaned it up (save for a little bit of rice and pork stew). Definitely gets busy but it's worth it!! Awesome and very satisfactory lunch :)
This would have been 5 stars if there was more room, less people, and a shorter wait. Yes, those are great signs about the food and the service was good enough, but they are also annoying when you are hungry.The veggie samosa soup is great. I also loved the mango shrimp and the tea leaf salad. I had the tea leaf salad at another Burmese place in SF and because they didn't explain what was in it, I thought I was eating plastic (could have been I suppose). Here they explain what everything is and mush it up in front of you, very exciting. Not quite Benihana exciting, but still fun.In short: It's worth the wait for the yummy food, at least once.
Da bomb. There is a wait for a reason. Really delicious food and well worth the wait. The pork curry was so good, it's the best I've ever had. The house noodle dish was just okay, it would taste much better if they used a thinner noodle. Can't wait to go back again soon!
Tea Leaf Salad!@! Holy Cow! I thought Burma Superstar was great. We ordered two tea leaf salads, and an order of calamari. Made for a good light lunch. Both of these are like a party of flavors and textures in your mouth. Garlic, cilantro, nuts, cardamom, Squid, etc etc etc !! I loved it. The ground tea leaf adds an interesting, flavor to the salad. It's a pleasant room, bustling, warm and very fragrant with all the spice being used in the kitchen. This will be a revisit next time I am in SF.
Burma Superstar, you are the star of my heart!!! Um, well, ok, maybe my fella is that. But... since he led to me you, I guess you can at least be star of my taste buds and stomach. Deal? My partner in crime had arrived in San Francisco early in the week, but I was workin', so he headed out with some friends who insisted that he absolutely must try this place. Yep, there's usually a waiting list, but they'll call you when it's time to stop in, and with Green Apple books just down the street, it's pretty easy to kill some time.He raved so much about his meal for the nest 3 days, that when the time came for our last night in San Francisco, I was curious to go back. He didn't mind eating at the same place twice, in fact we *wanted* to return and show me what all the fuss was about.Boy, and I glad he did. I had some stellar meals in San Francisco (a great benefit of working with yelpers as well as celebrating an anniversary while there), but Burma Superstar surpassed them all!It was rainy and blustery, but some green tea and the spicy tofu and chicken (I don't think that's the exact name) was just what I needed to thaw out. We also had some scrumptious (yes, I just used that word) samusas. The highlight of the meal for me, though, was actually at the start. Don't miss the tea leaf salad! With a mix of greens, peanuts, a variety of seeds, tea leaf paste, and lemon, it is like nothing I've ever had. They mix it right there for you at the table. I have to say, if I could have this salad for lunch every week, I would. No question. Sadly, there's not really any place I can find in Michigan that serves Burmese food, so I'll just have to return the next time I'm in SF. See you in the fall, Burma Superstar!
If you want to wait in a long line to go to an overpriced Asian restaurant filled with mostly white hipsters, come to Burma Superstar. I think the patrons feel like if they eat there, they're bonding with Aung San Suu Kyi and rest of the oppressed in Myanmar.  Trust me, if you care about Burma, there are FAR better ways to do this. Seriously, the food's not bad, but definitely not worth the wait, the price, or the crowd. Plenty of other places on Clement.
This was first stop after flying in from NY. As suggested by my lady (a SF native) I went for the Samusa Soup. Out of control good. Hearty, but not heavy, and totally satisfying. A Burmese vegetarian delight!
the tofu skin dish makes me gag, never liked any type of cooked "skin".tea leaf salad, coconut rice, mu shu vegetable and the 5 spicy tofu is scrumptious. i've never waited in line, i'm lucky.
Last night was my second visit to Burma SuperStar, I thought it was rather odd that there was quite a wait when my friend and I arrived since my previous visit my party of 3 was seated immediately on a Sunday no less. I left my name and cell # on the wait list then proceeded to a walk in the neighborhood shops. Our table was ready in about a half hour and was notified with a phone call. We were seated promptly when we returned to the restaurant.We ordered the "tea leaf salad" and "platha and dip", both of which I've enjoyed during my previous visit. Our main course was the " Burmese Style Curry Lamb" and a side of "coconut rice". The rice was just as I've remembered and the lamb curry was a little lacking compared to the other dishes.Service was good due to crammed tables.
MEEEEEEEEEE-OOOOOOOOWWWWWW!!I'm totally sold on this place.The wait was long and it was freeeeeeeezing outside and even though we were seated right by the entrance and the cold air kept shooting in, I didn't care. I was too enraptured by the delicious food!!Favorites:The samusa soup. I've never had burmese food but it tasted exactly like an Indian Samosa... but in soup form! It was such a pleasing dish! Truly satisfying. It was a good thing to start out with, especially after standing out in the cold for so long.The coconut rice... Best I've ever had. I've always been a fan of coconut rice but they've hit the bullseye with theirs. My boyfriend and I split an order but I think next time we're going to each get our own... it was just that good.We got some chicken dish but I sort of forget what it was called (it was really yummy though)I can't wait to go back again- It's more than worth the wait.
SuperStar? Super Not!My first experience with Burmese food and I was excited! Who hasn't heard about Burma SuperStar on Clement? There's always this HUGE line, you'd think there was someone famous in there! With a party of three on a weekday night, they won't seat you until your whole party is there. When we were finally seated, I was enticed by the coconut drinks sitting at every table. It's not often I get to enjoy fresh coconut juice out of the coconut! (By the end of the meal, I was almost tempted to ask them to slice up my coconut so I could dig at the meat inside!)The servers were a bit overanxious about getting our drink and food orders in. We had barely looked at the menu when someone came rushing over to ask if we were ready. (Okay, so this was my first time and I needed a few minutes.) We told them we needed a few more minutes and shortly, another server came over. I was feeling rushed already! And one of the servers didn't even politely ask what our order was, it was more of a "what do you want?" kind of attitude that took me by surprise. Hmm...I wasn't impressed with the service already!We finally settled with the Tea Leaf Salad to start (Salad prepared with imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp (or vegetarian), fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts, and split yellow peas) as this was featured item. (We were aiming for their most popular dishes so I could truly experience the SuperStar way.) Beautifully presented and tossed at our table right before serving, it was delicious. Full of intense flavors that contrasted oh so nicely.Next was the Vegetarian Samusa Soup (Even though it's vegetarian, this remains our most popular soup to both meat eaters and vegetarians alike. Made with samusas broken up with falafels, lentils, cabbage, and onions.) that was featured on Bay Area Backroads! It was weird and the chunks of samusas were not a great find in the soup. My dining companion was a little concerned with the weird texture and 'chunkiness' of the dish. I wouldn't order this again.Our rice dish of choice, the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice (Braised chicken and shrimp buried in a clay pot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts). This was a hearty dish with lots of stuff going on. I wouldn't exactly say it's presently all that enticingly, but the nuts add a nice texture to the rice and chicken. Going for noodles next, it was the Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry, Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion). Again, nothing spectacular about this dish at all. I was disappointed.As we perused over the dessert menu, the servers (again) were super anxious to get our order in. We could not decide among the three of us, and when we asked if we were taking too long, the waiter pointed out, "Yes, there is a 30 minute wait now for a table. This is not the kind of restaurant you sit and talk...most people eat and go." I was pointedly shocked that he said this. Even though we had 'just' barely finished our meal and debated over dessert, I was more offended just to order dessert just to monopolize the table longer. It was very apparent that other diners did indeed "sit and talk." If wanted to "eat and go," I would have gone for fast food instead! For dessert, we had the coconut pudding fritters with coconut ice cream and condensed milk. A very sweet dish with three fritters, perfect for our party of three. (One might find it overly sweet with the condensed milk pooling on the bottom.)Overall, my experience at Burma SuperStar started off high with the Tea Leaf Salad. I was willing to ignore the rushed service in an attempt to enjoy my meal. But as the evening wore on, service was standard and I felt like I was rushed. They were clearing our plates a little too quickly and I felt the need to shovel the food into my mouth to keep up. They just dumped our dishes down on our table without the same flourish as when the salad had arrived. It didn't help that I was constantly bumped by the staff as they walked behind me. (This could be avoided if they didn't shove so many tables in there as they did.)I would only go back for one dish only - the Tea Leaf Salad. It was unique, nicely presented, and tasted lovely. Everything else, especially the service, is not worth returning for. A disappointing experience for a place that calls them SuperStar. And a bit overpriced in my opinion.  Side note: I've heard there are better Burmese restaurants in SF (Mandalay on California & 6th I have yet to try), anyone want to direct me in the right direction?
My bf and I ate at Burma SuperStar last night for the first time (after hearing about it for years). I had heard so many good things that I was expecting to be blown away. Sadly, I wasn't. Now that said, I had called ahead to put my name on the waitlist after reading someone else's Yelp review, and so by the time we got to the restaurant we were ushered right in, which was nice. We were immediately served water (a plus) and after a swift persual of the menu, we ordered the plates that most people agreed were standouts. We started with the tea leaf salad and samusa soup, then moved on to the curry chicken and garlic noodles with bbq pork. Of the four dishes, I liked the tea leaf salad and the curry chicken best. This may have been a situation where I had such high expectations that the reality just paled with what I had imagined in my head. It wasn't that the food was bad - it just seemed ordinary to me (not, as some have claimed, "life changing"). The service was prompt and the prices right. I'm willing to try it again some time...I think I'll order different items though. The people around us had far more interesting dishes.
Tea leaf salad was spectacular! Never have i tried anything like it;If you haven't tried it, try it. If you have tried it, didn't you hear angels sing after the first bite? TOO GOOD.The Vegetarian Samusa Soup was featured on the Food Network and Bay Area Backyard, so we felt as if it were a duty to try it. It was good, but maybe my carnivore sense was itching because i left wishing i had tried the Moh Hinga ( fish chowder), which by the way, from other taste test, is AMAZING. The Beef Curry and the Shrimp Kebat were pretty standard. The service was excellent;He mixed our food, explained each dish thoroughly all with a smile and perk! Yeah and What makes me any different than the other hundreds of reviews? Aside from the fact that i have excellent taste buds and ,well, just being plain awesome, I happen to work for a Burmese man whose wife cooks so good that she should have her own show! So, take my advice! The food here caters well to the public majority, especially vegetarians & you know what? It's well worth the wait!
yup. had it all. tea leaf salad, vegetable samusa soup, coconut rice and the lamb curry. FINE! Their tea leaf salad is legit. Coconut rice is better than most restaurant. But other than that, it's not worth 1.5 hours of typical wait for a table. there is nothing superstar about this place. another yelp hype gone bad. as a dedicated yelp elite, i enjoy the blessings of yelp's recommendations...but sometimes, just sometimes, yelp makes me angry.
I've come to B-Superstar a few times, but after this last time....never again. My date and I showed up around 7:30 on a VERY cold Friday night and put ourselves on the list. Knowing that this will take a while, the hostess told us we should be seated in one hour. We were starving, but thought we could hold out and walk around a bit. When we came back, the table wasn't ready, and the hostess told us "Should be another 10 minutes." 10 minutes passed....20 minutes passed....40 minutes passed.... at this point the restaurant is getting near closing time, and we are famished and freezing. We finally got a table 2hrs and 15mins after we put our names on!!!!! I don't have a problem with waiting, but I do have a problem with a restaurant not being honest with it's customers regarding the wait time. That was just rude and uncalled for. If they were straight up with us( and they do this every night so they should have better estimates of wait times,) then we would have gone somewhere else, and would have been more than happy to come back to this place in the future. I guess they value profits over treating people right.  Never coming back here. Go to Mandalay around the corner instead
My friend and I came to this place on Friday night. It was around 7:30pm and we saw people waiting in front of the place. Initially we were told that we would have to wait like half an hour or more but I guess we got luck! We just waited 10-15 minutes. Not bad at all for the wait for such a popular restaurant on Friday night!I was pleasantly surprised how good the food was! We had seafood (shrimp) curry, coconut rice and traditional Burmese rice salad. Everything was very tasty and inexpensive. The staff was nice too. They are helpful and nice. The only downside would be that this place is a bit noisy maybe because they put so many tables in a small place? Anyways, I would love to come back again sometime soon!
GOOD:- I got here at 11:50AM (they open at 11:30AM) on a Saturday and there was no line yet so I got a table right away. JUST OKAY:- The Tea Leaf Salad tastes good but is overpriced. The ingredients aren't really pricey but they are pretty stingy with their portions considering it is a $10 salad. The salad wasn't as groundbreaking as I had expected. It is basically regular chopped lettuce, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, lentils, fried garlic, peanuts, fresh lemon juice and pickled green tea leaves, all tossed together. One salad is enough to share with 2 people, but probably not 3.- The Samusa Soup was nothing impressive. It tasted very similar to any other Mediterranean lentil soup but with slightly different spices. Nothing truly unique here in my opinion.- The Coconut Rice was decent. Basically it is jasmine rice cooked in coconut milk. BAD:- The parking in this part of Clement street is terrible (by SF standards). I had to circle the block several times in order to find a metered spot.- About 2/3rds through finishing my food, my server asked if I wanted dessert. I wasn't thinking about dessert at that point so I said no and she immediately put the check on my table. I'm all about efficiency but they could have at least asked me about dessert once I was done eating. CONCLUSION:- I didn't order any entrees but I did try their two most popular dishes (tea leaf salad and samusa soup). I was not impressed by any means and the place is kind of overpriced and over-hyped. This does not mean that the food is bad, it just isn't good enough to justify the prices and the waits (luckily I didn't have to wait). It was good enough that I will give it a second chance down the road.
We went here on a friday night and waited for abt 20 minutes for a table. The platha appetizer was too oily. For the main course we had the Bun Tay Kauswer (chicken noodles in curry), which tasted like overly creamy indian food, and Tofu vegetable kebat, which was tasty and quite spicy. However, they refused to substitute the tofu in this dish with steamed tofu. Overall, we were a little disappointed after seeing all the rave reviews here.
I had never tried Burmese food prior to going to Burma Superstar earlier this year. It was an out of this world experience. The food was so good that my friends any I were giddy throughout the meal.Two Words - SAMOSA SOUP!Mind you, all of the things we sampled were good. But the soup was unbelievable! I have yet to find it at Burmese restaurants elsewhere and it alone was well worth the 2 hour wait to get into the restaurant!The Tea Leaf Salad is also something that you must try. They make if for your right at the table and the combination of flavors is spectacular. I have tried to recreate both of these dishes on my own and have so far been unable to accomplish anything close to what Burma Superstar cranks out with such ease. Easily 5 Stars!
If you don't get there right at opening (even on a weekday), you have to wait. But, it is worth it. The distinct flavors of Burmese cooking in tea leaf salad, kebat, and paratha with curry sauce are delicious and a nice change of pace.
I had an enjoyable meal here (which included the much lauded (deservedly so) tea-leaf salad). But for the rest, I don't know. It didn't grab me. I've been to several Burmese restaurants in the UK, and I was always struck by flavour. In capital letters. Here, there was flavour, just not in caps. And heat, without enough depth. I enjoyed it. But it really didn't feel like exceptional food.
Uh...yah this is good. I loved their tea salad the best. Now I know why everyone gets their own. Just for that I will forgive them for their super long line. Once you eat the mango shrimp you will need to clear you pallete to taste anything else. Yes, lots of flavor. Could use some more fresher shrimps though, and more salt in their chicken.Two people for dinner with drinks, 3 dishes and rice is around $50. I didn't think that would break the bank or anything. Decent price.
Tried to eat here on a Saturday night. ...was told by the check-in gal 1 1/2 hours wait. Wow. So...she was kind enough to take my phone number. "I will call you when your table is available"...she says... My party of 4 goes to a local bar to have a drink while waiting. ...we return to Burma Superstar 1 1/2 hours later to find out the entire page of names UNDER mine must now go before me.... I never even received a call. ...even though she took my number. I don't get it. What I DO get, is I probably won't go back here.
I've been going to this place for years and have to say, I've never been disappointed. This is probably still one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Ok..where to start..Warnings:1. Go at the right time. They don't take reservations and often have a very long wait. If you're going to go, go for an early dinner Mon-Wed. If there's a long wait you can grab a beer or coffee across the street and they will call you when your table is ready.2. There are definitely some misses on the menu. Like the deep fried string beans..sounds good doesn't it..yeah..not good.3. Do not come in a big group. This is a very busy place and unless you plan to come for lunch or right when it opens for dinner, bringing a big group will get you some well deserved dirty looks from the patrons *myself being one of them.*4. Parking is a b*tch. Your best bet is to hover on Clement since it's a busy street and people are often coming and leaving or park on Geary.What to order: (These are the things you absolutely must order so come with an appetite or be prepared to go home with a doggie bag.)- Rainbow salad- Tea Leaf Salad- Samosa Soup- Spicy Basil ChickenNot musts but also worth trying:- Coconut juice (they bring out the coconut with a straw in it)- The Mild Chicken Coconut Rice Noodle- Any of their desserts..assuming you have room for it..which you won't.Other notables: For being as busy as they always are, the service is spectacular. The staff is always friendly and willing to answer questions. In terms of decor, it's a well decorated, hole in the wall. Lastly, if you live in the city and find yourself facing a long wait, I'd recommend placing your order and taking the food to go. As much as I don't want any more people to find out about Burma Superstar, this place deserves recognition.
Blech!Clearly, 9 out of 10 Yelpers and I have differing taste buds. After years of reading and hearing about the hype, we finally tried this place. We ordered each dish that got a rave mention on Yelp and pretty much every single item was a big fat letdown. The samusa soup that everyone raves about? Are you freaking kidding me? Bits of samosa dough in chaat flavored water?! The curries we tried were alright - nothing worth waiting in line for and some of it was downright piss-you-off mediocre.To be fair, we gave it another go the last time we were in town to see if it was an off night and....drum roll...still blech.
Yup, went here again and still I don't understand the wait. Here is another recession-proof restaurant who in fact have a "help wanted" sign in the front. Maybe the wait is okay for people because they know to expect it and very satisfying is that you can leave and they will call you when your table is ready.But the food. Still good but not mind-blowingly different or special as the wait implies. Our service was good though. They are all super nice, and our water was never empty.
Got here right when they opened at 5, so we got seated right away. The dishes were decent portions and we did family style. Pumpkin shrimp was by far, the best. Freaking amazing combination. Their sangria was pretty good, had pieces of lychee, pears, and oranges in it. Yum. Great service and clean environment. Don't know what this place was lacking. For three people, our bill came out to about $70 something (including $15 for the sangria). I would definitely come back.
samosa soup, tea leaf salad, curries, all very good, but worth a 2 hour wait?? i think not! there's a similar restaurant on a parallel street nearby that's just as good with larger portions!
I know everyone is entitled to their opinion but I almost feel bad giving *SuperStAR!* only 3 stars. The best part was the service. All the workers are very attentive, explain the dishes (since it was our first time) before they mix everything together for you, and have big smiles on their faces. Mainly, its just a matter of taste preference, and Burmese may just not be my shtick. The flavors are complex...but not strong. [totally not my words hah] Its just..different. We got:TEA LEAF SALAD: different. And there's tons of nuts. (hehe)PUMPKIN PORK CURRY: yummy but there's a LOT of pumpkinsome FLAT NOODLES: I forgot which one exactly but this was my favorite dish (helpful eh?)COCONUT RICE: yummmmss!We were also sitting close to another party of 2 and the guy was seriously a 40 yr old drama queen who talked like Will Ferrel's character that has the voice modulation syndrome, which was just slightly distracting. Overall, I would not mind going again and checking out other dishes. Remember to call ahead to get your name on the list so you don't have to stand around with the other 20 people waiting outside.
Great food but a very long wait..
One of the most unique menus I've seen - had the rainbow and tea leaf salad, vegetarian samosas and yummy coconut rice. Apparently they fly to Burma to get some of these ingredients. Tasted like a lighter more interesting version of Thai food. Only issue is the location in SF and Oakland - both restaurants are extremely crowded and you are forced to almost share your table with other people you're sitting so close. I would recommend getting the food to go.
Im feeling a bit under the weather so I decided to go to Burma for that samosa soup nice and hot made my eyes water a bit and did the job it made me feel better on first slurp. I am feeling much better know that Im home drinking Hot Brandy's. Good Night.
Love the Food!!!!yummyyy samosas, rainbow salad!!!5 starsBut minus one star for the wait!!! It's way tooooo lllooonnnggg
Well, well, well Burma Superstar lived up to the hype! After reading tons of reviews on Yelp, I decided to try 'er out. I just moved to SF so I wanna try any and everything. My friend and I had dinner at Burma on a Saturday night, just a warning, EXPECT A LONG WAIT. Even after calling ahead 45 minutes, we still waited 45 minutes more than our promised time.But soooo worth it! The service was good, our waiter was friendly and attentive but seemed busy and rushed, not gonna complain about that. Anyways, I jumped on the band wagon and ordered the tea leaf salad. Seriously "a party in my mouth" as promised! The flavors! The nuts! The fried garlic pieces! Oh my! Almost licked the plate too! My dinner company ordered the rainbow salad, not as good as my tea leaf but still just as delish!For my main course: Superstar Shrimp. And I can't believe I'm saying this, but its better than PF Chang's, lemon pepper shrimp, and the Chang's is my FAVE place ever. The portion was small, but every bite was so tender and flavorful!My friend ordered the spicy lamb- beware! its pretty damn spicy. Maybe its just the white girl in me, who knows. Spicy but still cooked to perfection and quite tasty.All in all, 5 stars since its the best restaurant in the city.....so far. Stay tuned!
Since I am a local and always see a long line for this place, I decided to give a try and bring my wife. I did not find their food particularly appealing (southeast asian flavors with a hefty price). For me, it is just an average restaurant ... not worth of its price tag.
I had been unwilling to try this place, since I have a dining strategy: I don't go to any restaurant that has good, great, amazing, terrific, or happy in the name. If they have to tell you how the food is going to taste or how you are going to feel about it - I am more than a little skeptical that there might be a bit of false advertising going on, that or brainwashing. Superstar fits into this category. My friends rave about it though. So last night we put on our comfy shoes, grabbed some caffeine across the street and geared up for a great meal and an incredibly long wait. We were not disappointed on either account. The wait was oh so very long, but the food did make up for it. We started it off with an order of samusas - delish. Then on to the main dish. We ordered Pork curry with Potatoes, Super Star Shrimp, Vegetable Curry Deluxe, Coconut Rice and an order of Platha. There were no complaints at our table, in fact there was silence. Everyone was too busy eating, enjoying the food to say anything.
i wasn't too sure what burmese cuisine was. apparently it is a mix of indian/thai/chinese style foods. i guess that makes sense considering its location.we got the.....famous samusa soup (featured on food network and somewhere else apparently)- unique, filling, and yuuuummmy!chicken with basil - came with fresh, perfectly cooked snap/snow peasburmese style beef curry - lots of flavor and meaaaty!good experience despite our hour and thirty minute wait...the hostess and servers are very helpful and patient....the soups and salad all have tableside serving/service which is kinda fun.this place is located in a seemingly quiet and uneventful neighborhood. but if i am in sf again, i would come here!
Amazing food. The reason it isn't getting five stars is because we had to wait 2 hours before getting our table. There isn't much to see around the restaurant, so the wait time seemed to take forever.
eat everything! very distinct flavors
A friend took me to Burma Superstar yesterday afternoon, still in time for the lunch specials. The Firey Vegetables (with chicken) arrived on a generous bed of the best fried rice I've ever had, not at all like the soy-saucy brown clutter that's been my normal experience. The beans, peppers, tofu and meat were lightly but powerfully sauced, and the heat built nicely throughout the dish, not overwhelming but definitely satisfying.While I was bracing myself for a long wait -- my friend has about a 20-minute tolerance, then she usually nips across the street for Thai -- it was only 10 minutes. It was a Friday at about 1:00, and the restaurant was very full but turning tables efficiently. The food arrived as it was ready, and the wait staff did a lovely presentation of the salad with 21 ingredients, explaining each one and tossing it on the plate at the table. Attentive staff, water was always full, delicious curry, wish we could have eaten more!! xoxo Burma Superstar!
Located in the Richmond District surrounded by the Real/New Chinatown. Visited: weekday afternoonWhat I've tried: beef kebat, lemongrass salmon, coconut rice and brown riceNegative: soup and appetizer offerings are large and a bit expensive, so they don't work for one and they only work for two people if they're sharing an entree (or stuffing their faces); it tends to get awfully busy at night and they don't take reservations, but you can entertain yourself while you wait for a table by touring local storefronts or people watching from the benches outside the restaurant. Positive: varied menu, good food, quick and kind service. solid place
MAN! I've lived here for 4 years and yesterday was my first time eating here! I just literally kicked myself for not coming here earlier because the food here is just BOMBBBBB! I just give this place a thumbs up for being so delicious and wonderful. Tea leaf salad-thumbs up. Eggplants with garlic-thumbs up. Burma Superstar is the shit.
Burma Superstar seems to be riding its Buzz and forgetting to serve quality food. My first experiences with the restaurant were amazing. The tea leaf salad? mindblowing. I got a lamb curry deal with coconut rice, I was in heaven. But I came back recently and both the dishes I ordered and just didnt taste good, you could see that there was cheap ingredients used and not much thought put into the dish except lets load this with oil or chili. It was like eating bad cheap chinese food ( I love chinese food, just not bad food of any type). THe two women sitting at the table to our right both werent happy with their dishes and we over heard them debate whether they should say something. THe two guys to our left ordered different dishes than what we ordered but again the plates looked like general chao's chicken. I'd recommend trying one of the many other Burmese restaurants on clement and leave the lines and the slop for the hipsters.
Man, this place is always jammed packed and with good reason.Friendly staff and great food. Samosa are excellent, fried to perfection.Tea Leaf salad was really good and quite refreshing.Catfish Chowder was soooo good. The last dish we tried was a egg noodle dish that I won't try to spell.Egg noodle with bits of fried garlic, scallions, cucumbers, and your choice of pork, beef or duck. We got the duck and boy is it yummy in my tummy.Lastly, my wife also gives the bathroom 5 stars for being so clean.
I read this was number one restaurant to try in a hundred for sf, so my expectation was a little high. The food was good, prepare for a wait. It's nice they have tea outside while you're waiting in the cold. They mix your tea salad for you, which was nice and the food was good, but it didn't blow my mind. At least had that checked off my list of places to try.
I think I dream about Burma SuperStar more than any other restaurant I've ever been to. It's mostly daydreams, like when I should probably be working. But instead, I sit at my desk and think about shoveling plate after plate of curries and samusas and what-have-you into my comically-widely-open mouth as a bedraggled waitstaff hurry to appease my insatiable urges. Oh, and in these dreams I don't get fat. Duh.As often as I dream, though, I'm rarely able to come close to realizing my fantasies because, well, it's crowded. We all know this. If you attempt to eat when the rest of the world eats, you'll find yourself parked on the infamous bench in front of the restaurant and if you happen to want to eat a little later than most, even that bench will probably start to look good. As such, the devil on my shoulder tells me that B Star is just the same and that I'm probably going to DIE if I don't eat right NOW so I should just walk the three blocks over and get seated within 10 minutes. But those times when I get into Burma SuperStar remind me that it's probably always worth the wait, and I spend a good portion of the time until the food arrives smacking myself for eating there so infrequently.When the food gets there, though, I get busy. To start off, get a salad. You can get the samusas too, sure, but the salads are really where it's at. The tea leaf salad is an amazing little culinary wonder that you won't be able to find many other places, and it really reminds me of what salads are supposed to be. Whole, healthy, simple foods. Nutsandgrainsandseedsandleaves. The tart of the lemon, the heat of the peppers, the savoriness of the nuts and the garlic of the garlic are pretty much just what the doctor ordered. For anything. That's right, I don't care what you have - the tea leaf salad will make you better. No heavy dressings, either. The tea leaves and lemon juice make a fantastic goop of their own that is much better for you than the word "goop" would imply.For your main dish, I'd recommend a curry. The menu is large and everything looks good, but stick to the things marked with a star - those are the Burmese specialties. Otherwise, it's just really good Asian fusion, which is something you should be able to find in San Francisco. Yes, even you. No, really. I trust you. Get the Burmese food. I've had the Vegetable Curry Deluxe as well as the Pumpkin Shrimp, and they're both exquisite. Very light, not at all oily, and very heavy on the veggies, which are all deliciously tender. In addition to top-notch curry, though, you can also get your top-notch curry over coconut rice. Yes, it sort of counteracts the healthiness of the curries themselves. But oh, man - the flavor is so worth it. Another fun experiment is to have your curry over a rice salad. It's hard to divorce the intricacies in flavor from those of the curry itself, but it definitely adds another dimension.The service has always been quite nice when I've been there, particularly when I go a bit earlier, before the rush. I can always tell that the servers are good, but harried, later on. But when it's earlier in the day and I can have them to myself, as it were, they have all been quite attentive and otherwise delightful. The ambiance isn't terribly entrancing, but if you can manage to grab a seat up front by the window, it's downright cozy. I can promise, though, that you're not going to care too much about your environs when you start eating the food. It's rich, and yet clean; decadent, and yet healthy. It's what I dream about in a meal, and what my body craves...and my mouth doesn't seem to mind too much, either.
Living in such a gastronummy town, it's harder and harder to surprise the palate - But what a treat Burma SuperStar was! I was expecting a permutation of the usual Thai or Chinese entrees, but found a new taste!  In particular their black bean sauce was earthy and rich - not at all salty. We went for lunch and didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes.
I AM IN LOVE WITH BURMA SUPERSTAR!!!This by far my favorite restaurant OF ALL TIME. Whenever i'm in SF, i make it a point to have dinner here. Yes, the lines are long - but they are long for a reason, people! Good things come to those who wait, and Burma Superstar is a case in point.Dishes I LOVE:- Tea Leaf Salad- Dried Fried String Beans (honestly, even if you hate string beans you'll love this dish - my friend totally hates veggies, but he ate this and had seconds!)- Garlic NoodlesWhen you order hot tea, it's served in super cute individual teapots.(loooove!!)Prices: I think that the prices are super reasonable for the quality and quantity of food that you get. Parking: Difficult to find during "peak" times (think dinner on weekends) but if you have the will you will find a way. =PService: Waitstaff is very attentive and if you ever have any questions about the food, they will go above and beyond to provide a very detailed answer. Makes a foodie melt when the waitstaff know what they're serving! PLEASE TRY THIS PLACE!
YUM! the Burmese food here is so good : ) And trust, it's as close to the real thing as you can get. My boyfriend is Burmese and his mom is always cooking delicious food, but we don't get to eat it all the time because she's far away, so this is the next best thing. Get the beef curry with the platha [droooool]The On Noh Kauswer (chicken soup) is also very yummmy
A lot of people associate being Burmese as... "Oh, you're Burmese? I've been to Burma Super Star". :-) I think the food here is good, not great. My grandma's and my mom's get 5-star!!!! So, if you want to try a 5-star, you let me know and I'll arrange it! :-P
The Green Tea Leaf Salad is amazing! Probably the best salad in town. Also, the waiter, Kent, was extremely accommodating when I had to return my soup (I accidentally ordered one with onions, and am allergic). Great service, great food, five stars.
The SF one remains to be my favorite in terms of quality of food. THe Oakland one is great in terms of being a bit easier to score a table and more of a relaxed vibe.
There is not a single international cuisine that I've fully written off in the past. I always find at least a few dishes that I come back to time and again. But if this restaurant truly reflects Burmese cuisine, I'm ready to say goodbye. The food here is at best pedestrian and edible. The same handful of flavors are repeated in many of the dishes. The wait and the parking keep me from trying it a second time.
My friend has been dying to try this place for a long long time, so we went. Perhaps the 1800+ reviews raised my expectation a bit, but it was generally so-so.The best part was not going through the wait. We got there around 6pm on a Wednesday, so that may have something to do with it. In any case, there were plenty of tables available, so we sat down immediately.Food was good, but I didn't think they are all that great. Service was very friendly however, so that's a plus. The price is a tad high though for what you get. I mean, it's not like it's going to be an expensive meal, but for the amount of money we spent, I felt something was lacking.Maybe it would've tasted better if I was a bit more hungry after waiting =D
My first time here. First impression, our waiter Ken is very friendly and helpful. All his recommendations are so delicious. Tea leaf salad is the bomb, chicken somusas is delish, basil chicken n pork dish are great . We'll be back to try more stuff.
Amazing cuisine and worth the wait. Try to get in early as the line starts to grow quickly. The rice salad and noodles are amazing... The green beans are always a hit also.
Mitch the Plumber. Great service , The plumbing problem that I had wound up having the city of AA come out to shut off My water. They contacted the city ASAP and got it done as well as fixed the problem.  Mike H.
all my friends in sf rave about burma superstar so i was excited to finally try it. i got there at 10pm and had to wait ~30 min for a table so you can imagine how high my expectations were. we got a couple curries, noodle dishes, samosas but it was nothing spectacular. it was just OK : / i can't say i wasn't a little disappointed but i feel like burma superstar deserves another chance so next time...
Not that this place needs my review, but HOT DAMN!!!Burma Superstar is hands down my favorite restaurant in the city!All I have to say is order all the Authentic Burmese dishes (app, salad, soup, and entree), split it all amongst your best friends, and you will experience a religious awakening!
The food is excellent - the first place I want to be when I want something spicy. You can expect a long wait, but it's worth it, and there are plenty of places nearby to help pass the time. I wish they would take reservations, though!
Great taste, tons of flavor. Expect long wait and spending 15/person
Samusa soup and tea leaf salad were great!
So far, my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The tea leaf salad is unlike anything I've ever eaten. The servers are very attentive and helpful in picking dishes or explaining what's in a dish.This is the place I like to take friends when they are in town. I love it!
You know what, I don't see what the hype is about this place. I have been there once & I wasn't that impressed. I've been there only once a couple of years ago. I don't recall the food being that great. If i do recall, I'd probably give it like 2.7 stars out of 5. Ambiance: 3 out of 5The service 3.5 out of 5Overall: 3.1
I've walked past this place for years and marvelled at the crowd of people that always seems to be waiting to get seated. So tonight I finally convinced two friends of mine to go with me after watching a few afternoon fights at the Abbey Tavern. Sure enough, there were at least 10 parties ahead of ours. The wait was shorter than I anticipated, however. I had gone to Blue Danube across the street to get a cup of coffee, and we got the call before my order came up over there.I was considering getting the fish stew, but changed my mind when my friend made fun of me for always ordering "weird things". He can be a dick like that sometimes. I'm pretty sure its intentional.So I ordered the Dahl chicken instead, which was great, and a bit different from the Indian style dahl dishes I'm used to. I want to come back some time to try one of their soups. The table next to us had one, and it looked pretty good.We split a small pitcher of beer three ways, and the bill came out to around $20 per person.I wonder if they've ever considered updating the name to Myanmar Superstar. It kind of has a nice ring to it.
I don't know why I've taken so long to review this place, seeing how i can almost see the place every day from my window at the end of the block (actually, I can't but I know its there). I came again last night and it's gooood food as always. Some dishes I remember:Tea Leaf Salad: Everyone is a fan of this and if you haven't tried it, give it a shot. So many different ingredients and different flavors. It's like "a party in your mouth" as one of my friends described it. However, I do think I prefer Mandalay's tea leaf more. Although there's less things in it, I think it has more flavor because there's no lettuce and the lettuce seems to neutralize the taste. Anywho...Burmese Samusas: gooood stuff and great bite to start the meal off with. Only issue I had with this is I couldn't really taste the chicken...For chicken dishes the spicy chicken and the chicken casserole are bomb! While I'm at it, so are the beef curry and mango beef!One dish I was disappointed with here though is the Nan Gyi Dok. It had so much potential and sounded great but didn't really pack much of a punch in the flavor department.Everyone talks about the wait time and that's the reason why I took off a star for BS. Although I can just wait at my apt until they call, when I'm hungry...I want to eat now! Not in another 2 hours...
I can't wax any more rhapsodic on Burma Superstar than all these many previous Yelpers have. I can, however, tell you that this restaurant has ruined -- perhaps forever -- all other fooding experiences for me. I ate here over two years ago and I still think about it ALL THE TIME. The tea leaf salad? Yes. Moh Hinga (Catfish Chowder)? Oh yes. Coconut rice? Marry me, Burma Superstar. Let me have your babies.I crave it even in my sleep, in the grocery store or car wash, even when I am dining at restaurants with menus that are nothing resembling Burmese. Waffles, for f*ck's sake! Sushi! All of it tastes like sand because I only want to eat lemongrass salmon and mango beef FOREVER. The capital letters here may seem excessive, but I assure you THEY ARE NOT. HERE ARE MORE, just so you know I mean business.Pricing is great, too, and the restaurant is in the neighborhood of little shops where you can buy red bean cakes and Pocky to snack on while you wait.But still: RUINED!
Still so awesome! The tea leaf salad and sesame chicken are my ultimate favorites! I'm drooling just thinking of it! The restaurant can get really busy with a long wait, so go early!
The first time I came here was fabulous all around. We arrived for dinner, signed in and headed over to Blue Danube for a coffee and were seated in just about thirty minutes or so.  Not a bad wait, and absolutely loved the food. Last night, it took 2 hours and 20 minutes to finally be seated. I'm sorry, but no restaurant in my eyes is worth that long of a wait. And even with the pot of lychee tea at Blue Danube, it still felt like forever. To make matters worse, when we headed over to check on the situation we noticed that plenty of other similarly sized parties were being seated before us.  Why?  The waitress had already earmarked us for a table that just wasn't leaving. Why she couldn't have seated us at another open table is beyond me.  The food was just as delicious as my previous experience, with my favorites being the Samusa soup, tea leaf salad, flourless chocolate cake with the bits of ginger, and the sangria, asian style. Next time (if there is a next time, I highly doubt it), I will be calling ahead to put my name on the list.
Everything that I've had there has been outstanding. I recommend the Oxtail Claypot the highest. The wait is always long and deservedly so, but don't let that deter you from eating there at least once. My tip is arrive right as they open for lunch.
I kept hearing Burma Superstar was gooood blah blah so my cousin and I tried it out and it was OK.. I saw more white people there than asians. So I already knew what type of people reviewed this place. That's like asking a white person what's a good Chinese Food Place in Chinatown then they direct you to a restaurant with cold, no flavor food. *Just saying. The food was okay BUT, very over priced. I did like their ginger lemon beer. Very refreshing and their mint chicken was on point. Just not worth the price. I would not come here too often, maybe once in a blue moon.
One of my all-time faves for years, you won't go wrong with the tea-leaf salad, samusa soup, coconut rice, and nan gyi dok (Burmese rice noodles with a mild chicken coconut curry sauce, eggs, split yellow pea, and fried onion). And don't forget a fresh, young coconut--they'll open it up for you after you drink the juice, so you can scoop out dessert. Yum! Get there by 6:30 p.m. if you want to beat the line.
Read and heard about Burma SuperStar so was ready for a treat. My friends and I ordered the tea leaf salad, somosa soup, and the beef and pumpkin curry. Tea leaf salad - My friend who frequents this place loves this salad but I found it too salty and this was without the fish sauce. Besides the salt the salad was okay but not so out of this world.Somosa soup - This soup was just okay. Found it too salty and again nothing to rave about.Beef and Pumpkin Curry - Loved this dish that I would come back just to have it again. Though the portions were small and the dishes pricey, I shall return to try the noodle dishes and the curry chicken.Service - Just fine.
To preface my review: I've been wanting to try Burma Superstar since I've wanted to try burmese food, but the line was always tremendously long. So I've been going to Mandalay (nearby) and Larkin Express, and have enjoyed the food very much. Then one Monday, we decided to go for Burma Superstar, thinking that there wouldn't be that many people.... big mistake! We ended up having to wait ONE HOUR for a table! No one was giving up their spot in line either (oh so you can't make reservations, but you can call ahead to put your name on their list, but I didn't know that!) It didn't help that their sister restaurant B-Star was closed on Mondays, so people had to wait to get their Burmese fix.  Anyway as for the food, it was good, but not worth the 1 hour wait. At least they served us almost immediately so we didn't have to wait long to stuff our empty stomachs. We had the tea leaf salad, which was different than the other Burmese places that I had it because it has chunks of Romain lettuce in it (I wasn't a fan of that so I can't say this was the best salad). We also had the Rainbow salad, which was tasty. I loved the Nan Gyi Dok(mild coconut chicken rice noodle curry)... so creamy and delicious! We ordered a side of roti bread to dip into the sauce.   Still, I'm not planning on coming back here because the wait is so long; Mandalay is a tasty 5 minute walk away and there's barely a wait there!
It was SO GOOD!We orderedTea Leaf saladRice saladCatfish curryPork and pumpkin curryEggplant with garlic sauceChocolate ginger cakeJack-fruits and something spring rollEverything was GREAT. Although both tea leaf salad and rice salad had similar ingredients, they had distinctly different flavor. I understand that strong flavor may be too much for some people but it worked fine for me. Tea leaf salad was more sensational to me - I couldn't figure out what exactly in there. There's some citrus flavor, nice olive flavor, crunchy garlic chips, etc. etc. It was very entertaining to my palette. I'd say try both salads!! Chocolate ginger cake was superb! Although it's not a default, we ate it with some kind of ice cream that came with Jackfruits spring roll, and that was nice addition.Service was nice - our waitress had nice smile and we all had great time! It's worth the wait, definitely.
Fantastic food, great service! Only problem is the wait b/c it's such a popular place...and parking can be a hassle in the area. So many tasty dishes but like everyone says - you need to have the Tea Leaf Salad
I heard so much hype about this place from my sister so I finally gave in and tried it out.It was lunchtime and the wait wasn't that bad according to her b/c the wait for dinner can range anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour. So being that it was a popular, I took that as a good sign about the place. I heard the portions got smaller however the food was quite good. Being a vegetarian, this place won an extra star from me b/c per their menu, most dishes can be made vegetarian and that's ALWAYS a big plus in my book. Service moves pretty quick as the place gets busy and they want to move the diners in and out as efficient as possible. I'll definately be back.
Excellent Burmese food. Extremely well done!
Food is good, but waiting and sardine tables suck.
This place is a new favorite! All of my co-workers recommended this place, and I am absolutely in love with it! Make sure to call in ahead to place your name on the list, and they're awesome because you can walk around and they'll call your cell phone when your table is ready. Multi-tasking for the win.The first time I went, I went with my bf and we popped our Burmese dining cherries together. It was unforgettable. Someone told me that Burmese food is kind of like a combo of Thai and Indian, and I think that's pretty accurate. We got:*tealeaf salad - good, but not great. I did love the nice crunch the nuts added*rainbow salad - loved the tamarind sauce and noodles*coconut rice with beef curry!!! OMG...the curry is seriously amazing! And I adore the coconut rice, by itself or smothered in curry.*burma cooler - beer with lemon and ginger, very refreshing and carbonatedOne thing that really impressed us was the super friendly, helpful and enthusiastic service. The waiter who brought out the two salads thoroughly explained what ingredients were included and delicately tossed the ingredients together. When a lemon seed accidentally fell into the salad, he literally spent 30 seconds picking it out with a spoon. The staff here take their food seriously. Our other waiter was so polite and really welcomed us here after finding out it was our first time. When I went with my gf's, we got:*coconut lime chicken curry flat flour noodles - this is bursting with flavor! It reminded me of the coconut lime curry noodle soup at Noodle Theory (which is my favorite there). *Fiery veggies with bean curd - this wasn't anything too special, but it definitely did not lack flavorDefinitely coming back here often, especially on chillier days, for Burma Supersta'rs hearty, warm, and flavorful dishes.
I can describe this burma superstar in one word. overrated. It certainly did not make me feel like a superstar to wait for 2 hours and be served flat-tasting food. I am really not hard to please, but c'mon people, do they not use spice in Burma? I will have to try this place when it isn't a Friday, but if you should find yourself there then be sure to sit at the community table to avoid waiting half a century to be seated.
Fun food, fun atmosphere. Casual, tasty.
Heard good things. Friend took us there.. Went down the block to get our drink on at plough and stairs while we waited.. Got the call and headed over.. Kinda bland.. Food network rated it high. Questioning their judgement.
Go here.Ya, it is like a 2 hour wait and they don't take reservations. Just kick it at Genki or Green Apple Books until it is your turn to be seated.Being vegan, the menu options are somewhat limited but those options blow my mind. The samusa soup!BTW- You will wait 1+ hour to get seated and you will then have your order taken, be served, and get the check all in a total of about 20minutes.
You will wait for Burma, and it will be a LONG wait. But when the waiting ceases, you'll be amazed at dishes like the flavor shifting Tea Leaf Salad, or the hyper tender Braised Pork Belly. It's the Spicy Chicken Tofu that really hammers it home though, a heavenly balance of grilled harmony and "KICKOUTTHEJAMS!" style heat.
Our first time trying Burmese cuisine and we loved it!!!We came here for dinner on a sunday night and had to wait about 45mins or so for a table, but definitely worth the wait! We had the tea leaf salad, veggie samusa soup, chili lamb, Mint chicken, Tofu Vegetable Kebat and Yelllow bean curry. For the side dishes, we had the coconut rice and the Tan poi (basmati rice). The basmati rice was full of flavor and paired really well with the dishes, we didnt care too much for the coconut rice. The tofu vegetable kebat was indeed spicy (yes, it does not come mild!)! The tea leaf salad was crunchy and fresh! overall, all very delicious!!The place is small and crowded, so be prepared to wait, but the service was quick. The waiters were very attentive and helpful. Parking is a problem, we found street parking a few blocks away after circling the area a few times.
the tea leaf salad is advertised. the samusa soup is great, just a bit tart. the pea sprouts are a. okay.
My god. I have NO IDEA what the big deal about this place is. The food came out in like 2.5 seconds, was lukewarm at best, and had absolutely no flavor. No spice, no salt, no heat, nothing.wtfwtfwtfwtf???Seriously, maybe I ordered the wrong things (chicken dahl and the pumpkin shrimp with a side of rice) but this place doesn't seem like it's that great. HOWEVER, I shall return for round two.
3 words: Tea Leaf Salad. An absolute gem, 5 stars just for that. Everything else was all right and decent but that salad is to die for. My mouth waters just thinking about it. Fun cocktails too!
If it wasn't for the good company of my friend, Marc, and the thought provocaking conversations, I would have left the plates full and walked out starving! The food didn't taste like anything Burmese. It was disapointingly bland and all modern Cal-fusion style cooking to say the least. Burmese cooking is suppose to make your mouth hurt from the heat. I brought a fire distinguisher for nothing! For the price you'll be paying, cross the road like the chickens do in the joke and just bring yo' hungry self to King of Thai Noodles instead--there, you'll find tastier selections at less goutchy prices. Seriously, you'll regret its inauthentic cooking and decor! Want to see fancy Asian art works? Go to the Asian Art Museum! Want authentic Burmese cooking? Go somewhere else but not here!
awesome! awesome! awesome! the tea leaf salad is out of this world.
This is one of those restaurants my boyfriend and I keep coming back to. Coincidentally, we had our first date here, and to this day, I keep wondering if it was the food or him that kept me for the second date (shh don't tell him! *jk). We usually order a combination of the following:tea leaf saladsamusa souplamb currycoconut ricesuperstar noodlesBe sure to check out their menu on their website for a more detailed description of each dish. Some meals can be made vegetarian; however, you may need to ask specifically. The space available in the restaurant itself is "cozy" at best. The tables and chairs are a little crammed in, and you may find yourself saying "excuse me" several times as you go in to catch your chair. The wait can be fairly long on busy nights (around 1 hour to 1.5 hours on average). Be sure to call in to reserve seats beforehand, otherwise you can try eating there on a random night or for lunch. The food is delicious, and it is always a treat to come dine at this restaurant.
I dont know what the hype is about - *decent food*decent service3.5 stars
I have never had Bermuse food and it was AMAZING! I am a huge fan of Thai food and Indian and I feel like this incorporates both cuisines in one. The reason for the -2 star was due to their customer service. We came in around 9:20 with a line out the door . They told us that their kitchen closes at 10 and they don't know if they can seat us. We found seats at the bar and decided to order a few appetizers first. Come 10 pm they told us we cant order anything because the kitchen was closing. I think if you have a line out the door or customers still sitting inside to order you serve your customers! They didn't even give us a heads up saying the kitchen was going to close so we had to order . I think that was super rude !! If it wasn't for the customer service they would have gotten 5 stars ! Some of the things I loved was the tea salad and the samosa soup. I was hoping to try more food but they didn't let us order anything that would have taken a while to make !
Over-hyped in my opinion. Place is super small and there's always a long line. I guess if anything, the cool thing that burma superstar does is you can leave your phone number with them along with the number in your party and when a table becomes available for your party, they give you a call.
Brought a friend here and we tried Rainbow Salad, Samusa Soup, Tea Leaf Salad, Spicy Lamb dish with Coconut Rice. I liked everything. Some flavor in the Tea Leaf Salad reminded me of Mam Ruoc, a fermented paste that is a Vietnamese specialty (I'm 1/2 Vietnamese, so I know my Vietnamese food!). I wasn't struck by any profound or new flavors in that saladThe rainbow salad, though, was exceptional! Cold noodles on a hot day. Nothing beats that. The lamb was tasty and the coconut rice was delicious. The curry flavor in the samusa soup was not my favorite. It wasn't like a Thai curry, extra creamy and coconutty. It was more like an Indian curry, very strong curry flavor. I did enjoy this place and will be back. My friend ate at another Burmese restaurant in Burlingame and said she didn't understand what all the hype was about. She thought the place in Burlingame was better. Not that the food was bad, but she was expecting to be blown away.
My favorite food in the city, the Curry is unstopable, and if you pair that with the Mu Shu pork your night will surly be complete!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is comfortable and casual, and the prices are very reasonable. You can expect to wait 30-40 minutes for a table on a weeknight...maybe a little longer on Friday and Saturday evenings, but well worth the wait. One word of advice: If you are waiting for a table and give them your telephone number for a callback, make sure that you answer and get back to the restaurant right away. If you are slow to return, your table will be given to the next in line.
Sadly, I had to take one star away. I have been greatly looking forward to this meal. I came all the way from Chicago with Burma on the brain. I got the tea leaf salad and the samusa soup. The samusa soup was not as good as the last time I had it. It wasn't nearly as hardy and chunky. It was low on the samusa and falafel. Oh wells...sadFortunately, the tea leaf salad was still spot on and delicious.
one of my favorite restaurants of all time. tea leaf salad, pumpkin shrimp, lychee martini - sooooooo good. better get there early because there is always a line and for good reason.
Friends and I came here for the boyfriend's birthday. After waiting a good while for them to sit our eight person party, a waitress was quick to snap up our orders.First came the samosas, which were DELICIOUS! The outside was delightfully crispy and the inside was stuffed with a soft chicken and potato filling, although I tasted mostly potato. The sauce was good too--sweet and spicy. I had ordered the fiery vegetables with chicken, although a friend mistook my order for his, so I ended up with a chicken dish with lotus. The chicken was good, very flavorful. My only regret is that I didn't order their tea leaf salad (the menu proudly proclaims that it was featured on the Food Network), as everyone seems to be raving about it. Will try it next time!
3rd time hereservice as always was greatcant go wrong with the tea leaf salad or the rainbow salad. Theres lots of flavors going on here and its not your typical salad, but if your adventurous and dont mind your pallet being blown out of its mind, its a must try. tried a couple of the curry dishes too (lamb and beef) I thought the beef was mediocre and the lamb was good. this really depends on what type of curry you like. Theres a definitely different taste, texture, consistency with this curry. (its expected since no 2 curries are the same, thai/japanese/indian etc.) this might be a hit or miss for you but its definitely worth a try. i give it 3 stars because i do have burmese friends and ive been spoiled with their home cooking (therein lies my bias). if its new to you, my best best is you'd think its a 4/5
I would've given it 5 stars but I think all the hype made my experience a little less than extraordinary.Read what the other yelpers wrote and you'll pretty much know what to expect. Couple of key learnings:1. Going at 4:45pm is a smart idea because you can find parking and you don't have to wait THAT long. (yes there is a line before they open their doors.)2. Ask questions if it's your first time there and let the wait staff know. that way they will take more time explaining everything to you and making recommendations. 3. You'll be sitting VERY closely to the table next to you.Over all, I liked the food and the service. Can't complain.
My Sister introduced me to Burma SuperStar years ago, and it's become one of my favorite cheap eat hangouts. The Samosas taste as good as my moms recipe, with just the right amount of spice and not over-filled with potatoes...The deep fried goodness is plentiful :)The food is served family style, and there is an off the menu curry chicken which is to die for. It's served with fried potatoes, and cooked in a clay pot. I would highly recommend this if it's being served.The service is good, but it does get very crowed on weekends and the wait can be over an hour if not more in some cases.I've never been disappointed here.
I have never had Burmese food before and I was extremmly impressed. We ordered about half the menu so I was able to try everything and it was alll great. I have to mention tea leaf salad, which was very unique and a great dish.I am very far from a vegitarian, but I actually remember saying I am enjoying the vegtable dishes more than the meat. I really enjoyed a spinach side dish and an artichoke dish. It was a while ago, so I dont remember the names.Also, the wait staff was very helpful and friendly making this place about perfect.
One of my favorite places to eat in the city. I always get the tea leaf salad and samosa soup. Sometimes I have to order a second serving because I lick the plate clean. Go there!
Lots of hype. Food is good, but not worth the long wait. Worth trying but not that amazing. If you go there with no expectation then you will be satisfied, but waiting in line for 30 minutes to an hour is simply not worth it.
As an out of town owner, James & his team have been very helpful - and have saved me a lot of headache- i even had my placed vandelized, and they did a great job fixing everything-with reasonable pricing.
It's not as if these folks need another rave review, but why not. I love the food here. Love love love love. Why aren't there more Burmese restaurants about? Why aren't there any in San Rafael? Surely a town that can support a Thai restaurant on every block could keep one Burmese place going. Restauranteurs take note! There is a hole in San Rafael that needs filling.
Incredible. Happy hour there is a great deal. Try the Chicken and Shrimp Biryani!
first time having burmese food and wasnt disappointedrestaurant is small but has a nice atmosphere. came here at 9 and itwas still packed. had to share a large table with two other parties butthat didnt matter. tried the tea leaf salad, cuz it said it wasfeatured on food network and im a huge fan of food network :) it wasinterestingly good. there was so many things in there that i cant evenremember it all.... there was lettuce, tomatoes, three different typesof seeds, soft tea leaves, lemon, nd everything else. the waiter toldus what each thing was and mixed it for us. there's just something boutthe mixture of the bitterness of tea leaves and lemon that combinedwell together, along with both the softness nd crunchiness of theseeds.the tea salad is also NUMBER 17 on the BIG EAT SF 100 things to try before you die. (7x7.com/content/eat-drin)the spicy and crispy chicken wasnt as good as it had sounded. tastedlike general chicken from panda express, but it was much tender andcrispier. if they could infuse the sauce it came with it more into thechicken nd made it spicer, it would've been better.the fiery beef and tofu dish was okay. thought it would be spicier,since it had "fiery" in it. and it wasnt tofu, it was beancurd. notthat im complaining cuz i think the beef woulda tasted better withbeancurd rather then the soft tofu anyways.dont know the pork curry dish's name but it was good! one of the bestcurry dishes ive had. the curry sauce wasnt too overpowering and themeat was soo tender. i always try to order different things when i goback to places, but this dish may be a regularthey have four different types of rice. white, brown, coconut, and onewith raisin and such. we only tried the coconut rice. it had a verysubtle sweetness to it and came with some fried things ontop, i wouldlike to say its fried onions, but not too suremaybe cuz its dinner but the dishes are a lil pricey for its size. butit was a good experience and i would definitely come back to try theother dishes :)
Steak kebat!
For a new flavor combination that is downright delicious...get in line early!
If it wasn't for the 2hour wait, i would have rated this place better. The quality food doesn't standup to the amount of time they make you wait.
I live on the central coast and make trips up to "The City" to visit fiends from culinary school in NY and, of course, eat. My Chef buddy and his girlfriend brought me to Burma Superstar. I never ate Burmese, love Vietnamese and Thai cuisine, thus, I was excited and curious to try it.The aroma of the place is incredible. The staff are some of the nicest and most cordial, and I have had a lot of great service before. The friendly factor and genuine warm smiles puts this place near the top, especially for being so casual.The cuisine is outrageously good. I can't wait to go back. Had the Simosas, Tea leaf salad, Mango salad, Curry noodled and pork with rice. All delicious.To the criticts complaining about waiting, go home to wherever you are from & don't come back. In fact, people like that shouldn't even be allowed to eat out. Open your fuckin eyes and look around. Is it packed and looks busy? Probably should come back another time. Inpatient and hate waiting? Too fuckin bad, wait some more or gtfo! All of these people that complain obviously have never worked in a kitchen or waited tables. Its not as easy as it looks. The people who work in restaurants are human and, therefore, subject to error, especially when its hectically busy. Think about that before you and ten of your douchebag friends put a place in the shit when its already super busy. Just saying. Get a clue.I can't wait for my next 3 hour drive to go to SF and eat here. Bravo Burma SuperstarChef Michael Reyes
Well worth the 90+ minute wait. By far my favorite dish was the rainbow salad. Each bite was a little bit different taste of deliciousness.That being said, the supply/demand ratio of seating definitely leaves a crowd outside waiting. The upside is that they'll take your phone number and call you when the table is ready, leaving plenty of time to head down to the Bitter End for a drink or two.
I now believe the hype. This was my first encounter with Burmese food, and it certainly won't be my last. We were lucky enough to arrive just before the dinner rush (around 6:30) and were seated after just a few minutes. The food was delicious. We had the Rainbow Salad, Veggie Samusa Soup, and a couple other veggie dishes. My favorite was a tofu dish (can't remember the name!). Most everything was very flavorful and I loved that it all tasted very fresh! I was surprised by how quickly the food came out, despite how PACKED the place was. The waitstaff was very attentive and took great care of us throughout the night. I'll definitely be back to try more.
When MSG is a primary ingredient in the staple dishes of a restaurant, it's an automatic 2 star rating for me. Enough research has shown the negative health effects of Monosodium Glutamate (stroke, migraines, & obesity...just to name a few) it surprises me that an upscale cafe (especially in such a health conscious city) would still use this artificial flavor in the kitchen.
Overrated and the not worth the wait. Three stars for the food itself. Service was okay too. All in all, pretty average and not bad. With the wait... horrible. This isn't really a special place to eat, but go ahead, try it and cross it off your list.
If you give Burma Superstar less than five stars there is only one explanation. You do not like food.I just read a post that said something bad about the Samusa soup and I felt like it was a personal attack. Like someone stole my first born and made him/her listen to Maroon Five songs on repeat. Blasphemy! BEST restaurant in San Francisco, hands down. If you don't want to go to the best restaurant in San Francisco, don't go to Burma Superstar. And, enjoy your Three Doors Down, Maroon Five and Matchbox 20 albums. I have to assume that someone who doesn't like this food likes bands such as this. Has to be the case.
Adventurous. Exotic. One-hit-wonder.Wait was frustratingly long, tea leaf salad deliciously unique, all other entrees surprisingly disappointing.The server was exceptionally descriptive in explaining the construction of the tea leaf salad. The salad is theatrically assembled table-side with each element adding a unique crunch, zing, or aroma. If you're looking for a new flavor, you should definitely stop by Burma for the tea leaf salad and get an actual coconut to drink!The other dishes unfortunately, were not nearly as flavorful or exciting as the tea leaf salad. They were, more accurately, extremely bland and uneventful.  Superstar noodles = rice noodles tosses in a watery chili sauce, neither spicy nor sweet with a few shreds of cabbage thrown in as an afterthought.No desire to go again - but the tea leaf salad is bomb.Know Before You Go:1. Put your name down way before you plan on eating!2. Order the tea leaf salad and call it a night!
Loooved their curries and noodle dishes; HATED the tea leaf salad; it tasted like ass. Quick service and cheap too!I could eat here every week :)
I had been here years back with my husband, but a recent trip back for a work lunch made me remember how good this place is. The one thing I do regret about my visit to Burma is not ordering the tea leaf salad, which seemed to be one of the highlights of the restaurant. Next time!!
This place is my favorite place to eat in San Francisco. When my friends from out of town ask me for a recommendation for a place to eat, I tell them to come here. Unfortunately there's almost always a wait, but the secret is to arrive before the rush, duh (which is before 6pm). Also thanks to the falling economy, I didn't have to wait the last two times I ate here.Pretty much anything you order is delicious. The only things I really have to complain about is that sometimes the food is a bit too salty, and since it's salty, I need lots of water. I hate it when waiters don't refill your water before it's out. To me, it's a small sign of bad service.Anyway, try Burma Superstar if you haven't already. And what's just as good as eating there? THE LEFTOVERS FOR THE NEXT DAY!!!
I am reviewing more to remind myself to go back with an empty stomach than because this place actually needs more reviews. We tried the tea salad after yelp made it pretty obvious that we should - it was an interesting blend of flavors, although not something I would go back for. The chicken coconut curry appetizer and curry lamb, however, were amazing. Neither was particularly spicy, but both had rich layers of flavor that were just amazing. Only problem is that they dont take reservations. I think the coffee shop down the street must get very tired of people only coming in while they wait 45 min for their table at Burma SuperStar.I have to go back to try more.
Everyone loves Burma Superstar and it's becoming such a nuisance to go. The hours of waiting in the foggy, cold neighborhood. I have heard horror stories of friends who have given up after waiting for an hour and went to a different restaurant, and by the time they finished eating at the other restaurant, Burma Superstar called and informed them that their table is ready. Is it really worth the 3 hour wait? Well, it IS good. I know it looks suspicious that at least half of the patrons are not Asian in an Asian restaurant on Clement St. Is it even authentic? Well, who cares? I think the food there is delicious. The tea leaf salad is interesting, but it's not one of my favorite dishes there. I like Tofu Tower with shiitae mushroom, that is supposed to be "more Chinese than Burmese" according to the waitress. But I have never had tofu like this in any chinese restaurants and it's delicious! It's silky and although not spicy, still very flavorful. The curry catfish was bizarre. A bit too salty and the fish is mushy. The chicken casserole feeds 4 people at least, and the chicken is tender and the rice tasty. Their noodles and coconut rice are also very good. They have recently opened up B Star about two blocks away. Looks like a bar made for guests to have a drink while waiting for their crucial phone call.
good food but parking is hard.
tastes good!!! especially the coconut sauce noodle!!
Got take out for 5 of us the other night - we got a chicken noodle dish, a beef tofu curry, tofu curry, salad, samosas, and a bread like appetizer, and some rice.  Although tasty, seemed a bit pricey for the amount of food we got $70. This is probably a place you want to sit down in rather than getting take away. I visited their other restaurant down the street and remember it being incredible. I'm sure this place is similar but better for sitting in rather than takeway. That way the food is piping hot - and the expensive prices are more worth it.
After hearing about Burma SuperStar a million times and reading tons of reviews (this place has more Yelp reviews than anywhere else I've looked up), I was suuuuuper excited to hit it up with my out-of-town guest. I am half Indian and love spicy food, and though I haven't had Burmese food before, I figured it would be a delicious variation of Southeast Asian traditional cuisine. I was told beforehand -- and recommended by other Yelp users -- to order the Samusa Soup and Tea Leaf Salad. We ordered that to share along with the Burmese lamb curry, the pork belly, and the prata (naan-like bread that appears to be deep-fried) with a coconut chicken curry dip.I have to say I was very disappointed! The food was okay... but that's about it. No standout flavors, not much spice, and everything was very oily, fatty, and fried. I was dining with a surgeon, and I kept joking that he was going to have to perform open-heart surgery at the table...the upside is that the service is so professional and friendly, and they have managed to avoid the snobby undertones of most hyped-up places. The host remembered us from the phone and worked with us quickly to get a table. Also, everyone who works there appears to be Burmese, which adds that element of authenticity, and I like that the chain is a Mom n' Pop operation. But the food itself is nothing to rave about, and I won't be going back unless I'm meeting a group that has already planned to dine there.Save yourself the wait and eat at any number of North Indian restaurants in the city or greater Bay Area for more nuanced flavor combos. Not worth the hype!
I have eaten here 3 times. The food was always very fresh and tasty. The rainbow salad is amazing. The entres are also very flavorful. This is definitely not your average Asian restaurant. The only problem with this place is the wait. Expect to wait about an hour from the time you call and get your name on their list. And they don't take reservations. The ambience is super cozy (I mean packed). Expect to be able to overhear and possibly participate in your neighbors' conversation.
Disclaimer: I am a terrible writer.OK, now that you know how I will, follow along while I try to explain why I dig this place.1) The Burmese food is authentic (better than others in the bay area)2) Meals are seasoned just nicely3) Something differentNow, where should I start? Ah yes, I grew up in Burma and have some idea what Burmese food should taste like. I grew up in this specific neighborhood watching the community grow from a tiny, 1 Asian shop, area to a "not-enough" grocery store for each block district. I first visited the place when it was a hole-in-the wall place and loved it. Much better than Mandalay on California Street. Sure they didn't have the decor or costume before but who cares? As for saltiness? What restaurant doesn't use salt? IF you really want authentic Burmese food and think this place is too Americanized, go find Burmese friend and try their food. Home cooked meals will always be better but hey, this is close enough and they got it right.Me being from Burma, I ordered curry beef (try finding it at an Indian place). By the way, do not compare this curry to Chinese, Thai, or Indian curry. It will NEVER taste the same. Other things I ordered? Egg curry with Okra. And of course, can't go wrong with Tea Leaf salad. The pure Burmese people would have more of the pasty tea leaf BUT...I have seen various versions (lettuce, cabbage...etc.)Anyway, enjoy it. Don't let other reviews deter your decision until you try it. Parking still sucks though. Haha.
A year ago, I was reading through these reviews and saw some comments about how Burma Superstar had some sketchy scores on hygiene and it scared me away from going in there for quite a while.Jump forward to the past month, when I kept hearing amazing things about how great it was, and decided that hygiene aside, I was going to chance it and check it out. The 30+ minute wait for a table for two was well worth it; my friend and I ended up splitting two dishes, a soup and a noodle dish, which was plenty for two girls with health appetites. They bring the dishes over with all the elements piled on the plates separately then mix them in front of you. Burmese food is kind of a cross between Thai & Chinese food, my friend commented and that's truly the best way to describe it, although it fails to give the cuisine credit for the original flavor combinations it contains. The soup we got was like nothing I've ever tried and actually had falafel balls broken up in it. If you're looking for a change of pace and don't mind a wait, I'd definitely make a pilgrimage here. I can guarantee I'll be going back soon to try some of their other dishes - most food was $10 an entree, a fact that will make it increasingly popular, I'm sure, as people are cutting back on the overpriced small bites places and looking for places that combine a good ambiance with reasonable prices! And as for the poor hygiene rumors, I felt great in the morning after eating there and am guessing that if it was truly an issue at one point, that problem has now been remedied.
I honestly don't understand why it's top rated on yelp, it's alright, but most of my Burmese friends are telling me everything is overpriced. It's not bad but not amazing.
This place is terrific if what you are looking for is to be among the redwoods in a tranquil, quiet setting. We were in a full hook up site and did not have occasion to use the bathrooms, but we did poke our noses in and they were very clean, as was the small laundry facility. This place is not fancy. But it doesn't have to be. It's got the redwoods. Our site was very private, although there are some that appear to be closer together. Everyone was extremely friendly. Imagine a place where the Keebler elves might hang out and you've got the idea. We loved our stay here and would stay here again in a heartbeat. We were in a 24' motor home, but there are spaces to accommodate much larger rigs.
This probably won't deter anyone from eating here, but BE CAREFUL. About two months ago I ordered take-out from here and the Samusa Soup had a huge black hair in it (I have blonde hair so it certainly wasn't mine). I thought "Ugh, what an unhappy accident!" So I ordered take out again last night, and there was ANOTHER long black hair in the tea leaf salad!Once may be an accident, but twice? I am just afraid they are so concerned with churning out food for the millions of people who go here that their health standards are overlooked. If you click on that little hyper-text that says burmese food at the top of their review, low and behold there are about a dozen burmese restaurants in the city. I will be getting my tea leaf salads elsewhere from now on.
Good food, moderate prices. I used to pass this place many times while shopping on Clement Street. It was always jam packed. If you go at 12:00 noon you have a good chance of getting a table right away. My guest was pleased with the choice as well and the waitress we had was very helpful in making our selections.
Do not miss the tea leaf salad (I loved it despite being a salad-hater). I also tried the Nan Gyi Dok which was pretty good too.The service was excellent and the food inexpensive, I will visit this place again to try the other dishes.
Not expressed at all. The style of the food is a bit of Thai, Chinese, Indian all rolled into one, but unfortunately missing the mark on all of those flavors.
Not bad, but slightly dull and -- yes, I use this word a lot -- gringo-ized. Bland flavors. Overly hyped EXCEPT the tea salad, which is pretty spunky.I liked Nan Yang in Oakland a bit more.
3.7 star... It's way better than A-OK but I'm not a fan yet.My coworkers and I decided to lunch at Burma SuperStar before we head to the Cal Academy of Sciences Preview event. Surprisingly the wait was long for lunch hour on a weekday! So I was anticipating EXTREMELY delicious good eats. Maybe I set my bar too high, the overall experience was good. Friendly waitress and servers. Line was long, almost waited 30 mins before we got seated.Here's what we ordered for 3 people:Dish: Rainbow saladyumminess: B-Portion: B-Presentation: A-Price: CComments: For $10.25, I would expect more.Dish: Vegetarian Samusa Soupyumminess: A-Portion: B+Presentation: B (just a bowl of soup)Price: B-Comments: $10.75 well spent. The soup was the next best thing to Wally's lentil soup in Emeryville.Dish: Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basilyumminess: C+ Portion: B-Presentation: B+Price: C+Comments: Small portion for $11.75, tasted just slightly better than regular stir fried chicken in an ordinary Chinese restaurant to me. A bit too salty.Dish: Burmese Style Curryyumminess: B+Portion: BPresentation: B+Price: BComments: $13.75. Pretty good for the $$. Catfish curry is yummy, but it doesn't taste like the curry that I'm used to (Indian or Thai or Japanese). It's like a tomato based curry sauce. Was pretty good though!Dish: Walnut Shrimpyumminess: APortion: BPresentation: APrice: BComments: Surprisingly the best walnut shrimp dish I ever had! I would never order this one since I'm Chinese, but when you cruise with 2 Italian coworkers, they want Walnut prawns, you get walnut prawns and I was so glad we got the dish! The presentation was AWESOME. Each prawn was crunchy with the right amount of sauce, and each prawn had a walnut on top of it. I was used to a bunch of walnut and a bunch of shrimp mixed together, but this one is so fancy! Highly worth it.We also got 3 coconut rice to go with our dishes, I had coconut rice before so it is just ordinary coconut rice to me. To the Italian coworkers, the rice is TO DIE FOR :) And we also got some Thai Iced Tea, just ordinary good old thai iced tea. There you have it!
I'm going to warn you...get there early, or you might not get a table. Really, I'm not kidding. When they say "no reservations," they mean it.One time I was so determined to eat there that I waited an hour and a half. There were about 6 parties of people waiting for tables and it was getting down to the final hour. It kinda felt like we were on Survivor! When I'm hungry, don't mess with me.If it's your first time dining there, you must get the Rainbow Salad. It has 22 ingredients and your server will kindly point out each one before mixing all of the neatly piled items together. The Tea Leaf salad is also a big hit.Just thinking about this is making me hungry. I'm going to get in line right now...
Soooo...I love salads and when I heard this place had some awesome ones, I decided to come here right away. I ordered the Tea Leaf Salad and the Vegetarian Samusa Soup. The salad was...ok. I dont get what the big deal is. Its basically lettuce with some toppings. Yes, they're pretty good toppings but I've definitely had better salads. The tea leaf dressing is also nothing special. I guess I like my salads to be chock full of veggies or fruits. The soup was a bit better but also not worth all the raving reviews. I feel like the samosa and the falafel could have used more flavoring. it wasn't bland per se, just not as flavorful as I hoped it would be. I might be back to see if maybe the other stuff on their menu will make me reconsider my opinions of this place.
I've been here twice, and both times had no problems with the wait. We called about thirty minutes before going and they put our name on the list, so when we arrived the table was ready. The food is fantastic, I am a big fan of their honey walnut prawns, coconut rice, and curry beef. I've tried the tea leaf salad but wasn't as impressed as I was with the other items on the menu. The cocktails are decent as well, but not the main reason to come here. Definitely go, but call beforehand. You'll get some glares from the people waiting outside but its worth it.
Great food, great value, great service. Leave room for dessert, if you can!
Excellent restaurant, but expect a wait for a table.
This place is a must-go for anyone coming to SF. There is a good reason that it is so amazingly popular. Consistently excellent food. We always get coconut rice, pea shoots, Superstar noodles and samosa soup. If there are more people, we order extra dishes, and have never been let down. If you don't want the wait, I suggest ordering ahead and picking up your food. When we do go there to eat, we usually have our minds made up when the waiter / waitress comes by. So we feel we get excellent service since we are quick about ordering.
There are so many reviews on here, that I'll just say that there isn't a whole lot not to like about Burma Superstar! Yes, it's small and the line can be long, but for this food, I will wait! If you're the impatient-type I'd suggest going for lunch.Tea Leaf Salad - yes, great...the hype is trueSome other dishes we've had that are great:Platha and dip: the bread is amazing...sort of like a dense croissantMoh Hinga soup: People rave about the Samusa soup, but I like this one better...the fish isn't "fishy" and the broth is lightly tomato-based and Pumpkin Pork Stew: the pork is so tender and the pumpkin is perfect with coconut riceGarlic Chili Shrimp: not too spicy, perfectly-cooked shrimpIf you have room for dessert, the fried coconut pudding fritters are delicious!Service is always friendly and prompt.
I had always tried to come here, but being that the wait is always enormous, I found myself unsuccessfully eating at one of the dozens of Asian restaurants in the area. When I finally got in, I must say that I was slightly disappointed. First of all, the service was hardly attentive. I know they get busy, but I don't need to wait 15 minutes just to order a drink. Needless to say, we were ready to order at that point.Naturally I had to try the tea leaf salad. It was a nice flavor, but the lettuce had no crunch to it. I had the Pumpkin Pork Stew as an entree, which totally missed. Some pieces of pork were delicious and tender, but most were overcooked. The pumpkin on the other hand was undercooked and a little difficult to chew through. The stew had a nice flavor though. I can potentially see this dish being really good.Perhaps I just came on an off night, but considering the typical wait times I can't imagine waiting an hour to give it another chance.
OK, I think I figured out their secret to such great reviews - They make you wait so long that anything will taste good. Well, actually after waiting nearly 2 hours!!! I must say I was going t be as critical as they come. But one I had tasted the green tea salad I quickly forgot about freezing our butts off outside and delved into the food...which kept getting better and better with each dish. The one critique I have is has more to do with the marketing of the food types rather than the actual food itself. It might just be what we ordered from the menu (although we did order 6 different dishes) but I didn't really get a fusion of Thai, Indian and Chinese but rather good individual dishes that were really just Thai or Indian or Chinese. Each was good but I had expected a bit more of one type/style blending into the other.Will definitely try again but next time will call ahead to put our name on wait list-Robbtwitter.com/robblewis
Rainbow salad and tea leaf salad are difficult for me to choose between. Have loved everything I have ever eaten here. The samosa soup is possibly my favorite soup ever.
I had heard a lot of great reviews about this place so we decided to go check it out not too long ago and I have to say that it lived up to the hype in my book. We had heard that this place was always busy and we should expect a long wait, but to our surprise we lucked out and were able to get a table right away. We were pretty lucky because there was line down the street once we were done.We had a group of 6 so we ordered several different dishes that were all pretty good with the exception of the Mango Beef. I wasn't a big fan of the Mango Beef. The Garlic Shrimp was probably my favorite of them all and I thought the Tea Leaf salad was pretty interesting. I'd definitely go back if the friends wanted to go check it out.
One of the most unique places out there. First-timers have to try the Rainbow Salad or the Tea Leaf Salad. It's impossible to go wrong here, as every dish has something new and interesting to offer even the most experienced foodie! Just make sure you get there before you get too hungry... It's a VERY popular spot!
ATTENTION: DO NOT COME HERE TO SIT DOWN AND EAT. THERE IS NO ROOM FOR YOU AND YOUR LAME FRIENDS. JUST ORDER TO-GO PLEASE.I was a little leery to try this place. They have a lot of curry items, and I really despise curry. In Indian food, I feel like they use a crapload of curry in order to disguise the nasty quality of the meat, like they used to do in the old days.When Burma Superstar uses curry, it is just a hint for flavor. This is a delightful change from the normal curry experience. Will it disappoint some people who for some reason ENJOY being bombed in the mouth with curry? Yeah. But screw them! I liked the samosas.We ordered the pumpkin pork stew with a side of coconut rice, and the garlic noodles with duck. Everything was absolutely amazing. Let me note that it looks like almost all the dishes on the menu are meant to be eaten with a side of rice. One of my Burmese friends explained to me that this is traditional in Burmese quisine. A main dish that is very saucy, with rice to soak up the sauce. So, don't forget your rice, kids! They have like 5 different kinds of rice to choose from, too. Coconut, basmati, cinnamon, and I can't remember the other kinds.For dessert, we had the coconut pudding fritters. OMG OMG OMG. SOOO GOOD. Comes with a scoop of coconut ice cream and little strawberry slices.
I found burma superstar on yelp. I was excited to try burmese foodI enjoyed the thai iced tea...which i thought was funny since.. it's THAI iced tea.. perhaps they should change it to BURMESE iced tea... next was the famous tea leaf salad. I could not be more satisfied. It was nothing I expected, and nothing I've ever eaten. The waiter comes out and mixes the tea leaf salad right in front of you.. you can also request a vegetarian tea leaf salad.We also had the pumpkin stew.  I love the coconut and pumpkin combination. If you get the pumpkin stew, which I suggest, also order the coconut rice.Last but not least, we also ordered noodles.. which I wasn't a fan of... so I'm not sure if that would be your first pick for first timers.-1 star for parking and the long wait.... but overall a nice and decent restaurant.
There are thousands of reviews here, so I will not elaborate on the menu with what to order. Just know that everything on the menu is flavorful. I've probably been here about 25+ times and have never been disappointed. If you aren't familiar with Burmese food, it's pretty similar to Indian and Thai. This place can have an hour long wait which isn't a bad thing at all. They give you buzzers or they can call your cell phone when your table is ready. Great for grabbing a drink at The Rock-it Room or Last Day Saloon, both which are just up the block. Parking isn't terribly bad but mostly metered, which wouldn't matter in the evening. Wait times during lunch hours aren't bad anymore due to the down economy probably. Quality has remained the same over the years which is rare to find these days, with restaurants cutting corners to save money and what not.
Very delicious food and now with a second store with shorter line, much more worth going. It's been a while since I last went, but from my memory, it was definitely one of the better restaurants in SF.
I still remember when no one knew about this place and it was always empty. Back then, it always had Burmese waiters and it looked more like one of those places that you'd see in that Kitchen Nightmares show. The newer owners sure did clean things up. It's now trendy, has a little bar, there service is excellent, the place is always packed and there's this thing called presentation when it comes to food. Unfortunately, the dishes feel a bit more Americanized now and the prices have gone way up. But I can't blame the owners...whatever gets people in...and boy do they pack the joint. If you're claustrophobic, don't come here...you'll get an anxiety attack.I have to have a disclaimer to say that I'm probably biased because I grew up eating authentic Burmese food. The dishes are still somewhat authentic but the flavor profiles are sometimes off. Not to say that the food doesn't taste good but it just doesn't hit the right spot sometimes. My friends always ask me what to order for when they come here so here's what I'd recommend to get a taste of everything. I'd suggest the rainbow salad or tea salad (this is an acquired taste I think) to start off. If you've never had a burmese samosa, then you might want to considering ordering that as an appetizer as well or you could go with the samosa soup or salad. I would suggest a noodle soup...either the ohn no kauswe (coconut milk chicken noodle soup) or moh hing nga (fish chowder). Trying a curry is also a good idea...probably the shrimp or the lamb (try to have no expectations about the curry...it probably won't be familiar once you try it). The coconut rice is done exceptionally well here so you might want that to complement your curry. I'm not sure if this is a secret or not but I'd suggest calling in advance (at least 30 min ahead) and ask how long it'd take to get a table. They do not take reservations but they will write your name down on the list and call you when it's your turn. I'd suggest calling before your arrival and btw, it's Clement street...give ample time to find parking. Well, unless you have ultra good parking karma =P
People have been telling me to check out Burma Superstar since I moved to San Francisco 5 years ago. I finally hit it up last night for the first time. There were some dishes that were AMAZING and some that I could have done without. Coconut Rice? Killer. Walnut Shrimp? Surprisingly delish. I wasn't so into the Burma Superstar Shrimp Curry, but maybe I should have ordered it to be more spicy. I loved the ginger lemonade but I'm not so sure that the tea salad is worth all the hype. Service was great and they got us seated right away despite a healthy crowd.I'll definitely come back here, and it will probably taste even better now that my expectations aren't so inflated.
The first time was GREAT!The 2nd time was GOOD!I found the Rainbow Salad had a much better pleasant taste to it better than the Tea Leaf Salad. I could eat the coconut jasmine rice with nothing...and it is good with everything. The quality of every dishes is good - I prefer their lamb and chicken dishes. I didn't remember the dishes being quite small for 6 people but all well...they are delicious but not so good to WOW me.
I was visiting California for a week and a half and my sister dragged my family here. I was not initially very excited because I thought the name sounded a little cheesy (Burma Superstar???)but I quickly ate my words as well as mounds of delicious and original food. The meal turned out to be better than anything else I'd tried during the entire trip, including a few Napa/Sonoma eateries that left considerably larger dents in my wallet.Burmese food is an ingenious cross between Indian, Thai and Chinese food, with other nuances/interpretations that while I probably cannot articulate, my palate certainly appreciated. I'd never had anything quite like the delectable tea leaf salad (with real imported burmese tea leaves), samusa soup, even the sesame chicken was a brilliant new variation on an old familiar theme.CHECK THIS PLACE OUT. Also - my advice is to go early to avoid the wait. Eat an early dinner @ 5:00. At least that will give your stomach ample time to digest all the food you'll end up wolfing down. If there would be any reason to remove a star, it would be because the line is out the door, but it just goes to show there is a reason why this place is so popular.
A long wait for a restaurant is always a good sign, so I decided to give it a try. So far I've been here twice and the rainbow salad, the Mongolian beef with rice, and the Mint Chicken was delicious. I'm not a fan of the tea leaf salad after I tried the rainbow salad. But, I look forward to venturing on to other dishes on the menu!!
Gee - Only a couple of people have eaten here...HAHAHAHA!!!! If you know there's a long wait, go before noon like we did. Got a great seat and service. Then it got packed and by nearly 1pm we needed to seek someone for our check. No problem. The flavors and textures and fact that every bite brings a new taste sensation warrants 5 stars. Nice staff, water always filled...so glad to have been directed here.
Legit Burmese food. The tea tree salad if no joke. The mixture of the leaves with the greens is an experience in your mouth that can't be denied. Every time i go to SF i go here. It is a staple in the neighborhood. Expect a long wait. my suggestion is to go there right when it opens for lunch 1130am. Parking is abundant.
Should be called Burma SuperYUMMY!Although I give 5 stars I feel compelled to mention the wait, which is a bit ridiculous. So...make sure you show up with good/great company. I did exactly that and I had an unforgettable night of delicious eats and good times....great location: near other establishments that serve alcohol AND provide entertainment - so much so that my friend and I returned to RockIt Room after dinner to digest, hang out and have more fun...as if we didn't have enough already)....wait list system: I commend them. The hostess really knows what the heck she is doing. It's her job, sure, but she makes it look so easy. I'm sure it's not. I'm impressed....wait staff: AWESOME. Something about good service makes the meal that much better. It's not just about the food. It's about the experience. And here, they make you feel like a Burma SuperStar....finally, the food - random point system is max of 3 points: Singha Beer (3 pts, I like beer...shoot me), Samusa (3 pts, unassuming and absolutely worth the heart attack I'll get in 20 years), Garlic Shrimp (2 pts, a bit of a let down compared to other dishes ordered but still tasty - garlic and shrimp is exactly what you get...what did I expect? I dunno...garlic shrimp sprinkled with fairy dust? alas, they are not fairies), Pumpkin Pork Curry (3 pts + 3 pts, I would go back just for this dish. I *heart* pumpkin AND I *heart* pork AND I like curry...and they went and combined all three! That's insanely delicious!), Coconut Rice (3 pts, I'm so glad my friend talked me into getting this...so glad. I could eat just that. Well, that and some pumpkin covered with curry and a piece of pork...and maybe a shrimp. Wash it down with beer...YUM. That was my dinner.)Fantabulous! Leftovers are tasty too.One more thing: My friend and I made friends with two other patrons that night. I have to mention it because Burma SuperStar, you brought us together. Thanks! It's great to meet other young professional women in SF who love good food and great company as much as my friends and I do.
I used to go to this place before the current owner. The food taste better and it was cheaper. This is a place for people who doesn't know Burmese food. I only like their Samusa soup. The tables are setup very closed to each other so you don't have any privacy. The wait for this place is ridiculous. I would rather go to Little Yangon if I want Burmese food.
After a morning of rock climbing, my sister and I went here because we wanted something not too heavy, healthy tasting, and delicious. This was my first time here and I wasn't too sure what Burmese food was like. There was a waiting list posted outside and about a half hour wait. As we stood in line I overheard a girl telling her friend,"I like this place because it's not like Chinese and it's not like Indian it's like good."Four "likes" in one sentence. It must be good.... I think. I'm not sure what she meant exactly but if I were Chinese or Indian I might have taken offense. Anyway, we were finally seated and since we had already looked at the menu we ordered right away. My sister ordered the Rainbow Salad and I ordered the See Jyet Kauswer with duck. The Rainbow Salad had about forty-twelve different things in it, all of which the saladommelier (that's a word I made up for guys that know a lot about salad) explained. The salads come untossed and after the saladommelier explains them to you he tosses it in front of you. The See Jyet Kauswer was rice noodles with cucumber, toasted garlic and some other things I don't recall. It was tasty but a little on the not-so-warm side and a little on the not-very-much-duck side as well. We both shared a 48oz. pitcher of Anchor Steam which equals one and a half pints each. As long as you know that there won't be any arguments about why one person got two full pints and the other got one plus some foam.
This place was amazing. We had the Rainbow salad to start, then chicken coconut curry and braised pork belly. Service was excellant. Would definitely recommend this great little find.
Not as great as the hype suggested and the most unpleasant experience was that one member at our table found a piece of broken dish in his food, while chewing on it!!! He ended up throwing up a little. That pretty much ended our dinner. I felt awful since I took the group there per friend's recommendation. The waitress and the hostess learned about this and expressed their regrets, but we never got a manager attempting to address the issue. The waitress took the rice off our bill (since we suspected the chip came in the rice) but nothing could have saved our experience. Too bad. Now about the food... It was good but I am afraid it's mostly hype. We ordered both the tea salad and the rainbow salad since they were famous. Both were good but nothing too spectacular. But maybe that's because I have had really great salads (well, food in general) and become a little hard to impress. We also got the famous somusa soup which was nice. Very filling though so be prepared to fill up a little. The ribs were tender and sweet and the kids liked it. The spicy lamb and the pumpkin and pork stew were good but again nothing spectacular. I am just not that impressed with the food, considering how popular this place seems to be. Maybe the popularity comes from the fact that not many restaurants serve food fromBurma? But again the food seems to me a combination of Thai, Vietnamese and Indian, all flavors I am very familiar with. That could be why I am not overly impressed?And again finding a piece of broken dish in the food didn't help to get me impressed. I am not going back there nor would I recommend this place to my friends.
Tea leaf salad is a must :) I also really liked the burmese samusas and the bun tay kauswer(super tastey)The food was good, (I'm also biased as I love burmese food). Ambiance was okService was goodWait was bad - definitely call ahead ~30 minutes. They'll call you when your table is ready, but you need to be around the area to get itParking wasn't too big of an issue (although I went on a week night). It was a little pricey - but definitely worth it
Though a busy place, we arrived around 9pm and didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes. Also, the service was very prompt and polite.I had the Burmese Cooler (ginger, lemonade and beer) and would highly recommend it-- the ginger eased my stomach and tasted refreshing. I also have nothing but good things to say about the Coconut jasmine rice.I will agree that the main dishes get a bit out of their league with pricing, but it was a very pleasant experience and I can't wait to try more of what sound like many, many tasty dishes.
This place is seriously as good as it gets. Burmese food tastes like a fusion of Thai, Indian, and Chinese. I swear I turned into a fat kid at a candy store when the food started coming out on the table. The charm of this place is that it looks like a hole in the wall, nothing special, type joint. However once the service starts, and the food comes out its a whole new ballgame. Getting a table was a little cut throat. The two of us got there at about 8:45 PM. on a Wednesday night, and we had to wait 30-40 minutes for a table. We headed over to B-Star Bar (same owner) for drinks which were fabulous!At Burma Superstar! We did some drinking of our own..this is what we ordered:Drinks:Soju mixer with Mango/Coconut/Lime (this tasted like mango lassi with rum..mmm mmm good) Grade: ASoju Mixer with Rice Milk/Cinnamon (this tasted like Horchata with rum...even better) Grade: A+Soup/Salad:Tea Leaf SaladVegetarian Samusa Soup Grades: A+Talk about creativity in dishes, there is a reason both of these were featured on the food network. Enough said. Main Dishes:Chili Lamb (Extra Spicy)Shan Noodles (Extra Spicy)Grades: A+It was like taking a bite out of heaven. Now I am not one to exaggerate, but I do like to give credit when it is deserved. Eating is the way to my heart, and as an East Indian American I have love for spicy food and any type of Indian fusion cuisine. Given everyone's review is based on their palate preference, for the type of cuisine this is Burma Superstar was hands down amazing. It's that restaurant that you crave in the middle of the night. I can't wait to go back!
Scenario: Wanting REAL Burmese food after eating at Yamo in the Mission.Product: WOW! The pumpkin shrimp was succulent, the tea leaf salad was peppery and peanutty, the stuffed pastry potato appetizers were well spiced, the doughy bread had a good sweet and spicy sauce, and the house drink special was refreshing. Prices were okay around $12 per dish, but the taste is out of this world. Oh, and a waiter tosses your tea leaf salad for you. Mind out of the gutter!Service: Other than the salad toss it's just a resteraunt. But leaving your number at the door and them calling you when ready is nice. Makes it easy to go hit up one of the local bars for a quick pint.Atmosphere: They were packed to the brim but it didn't feel crowded. Not too fancy for casual dress, but not a cheap feeding trough feel either. The neighborhood is full of resteraunts and bars so it's a fun night out type of feel.Uniquity: Great taste, good 'hood and a cell phone call when you're table's ready.
Today was our first time at Burma Superstar (it had been recommended by a good friend who lives in Chicago!) - we arrived around 2:00pm and had not trouble securing a table, as we were a party of two. However, the place was packed and their were some larger groups waiting, so it does seem best to try going during the early or later hours of meal times. Lunch was delicious, and the service was super-quick once we sat down and ordered. I noticed the table next to us had a tasty-looking salad, so I ordered what they had. It turns out that it was the Tea leaf salad, a yummy salad with shredded lettuce, dried garlic, dried shrimp, chopped tomatoes, sesame seeds, peanuts, sunflower seeds, and fermented tea leaves. Yum! Lots of fun flavors and textures.We also had the vegetarian Samusas, which are smallish and delightful. Crispy thin exterior with a creamy filling of potatoes and mild spices, served with some kind of tangy-spicy sauce. I can't wait to go back and try the Samusa soup and maybe a dessert!
I went for lunch with a friend who had never been to Burma Superstar.The food was great, not amazing like I remember it being a few yearsback but still very good.  I agree with some of my fellow Yelpers that this place is showing signs of over kill and getting a little full of there selfThe whole long wait thing is fun the first time you go but it gets old.Then your packed in like the 30 Stockdon bus LOL. It's how small the portions seemed and how pricey this place has become that surprised me. Our lunch ran well over $50.00 for the two of us and at this hole in the wall.Grant it a very nice hole in the wall but still a hole in the wall.Someone said Burma Superstar was recession proof and it may be truethe place was packed. I think if I want to spend $50.00 or more on lunchit'll be in Union Square or on HOT looking people Union Street . We had the Pumpkin pork stew , Salt n Pepper Calamari and the Rainbow Salad $10.95 to $9.95 each the Cocont rice $5.00. Most of the dishes run around $10.00 and up for both lunch or dinner.The desserts are $7.00 to $8.00 and looked really good.There website doesn't show any prices like so many other SF restaurants are doing these days.I would give it a try if youv'e never been or go with a group to make the endless wait time go by faster....
So good.
food was good. i am too broke to be a regular here though.
Burma SuperStar Rocks! There is nothing better to soothe the soul then their Tea Leaf Salad!
It is WORTH THE WAIT. Tip: If you live relatively close, call first. They'll put you on the list. We were told a 2 hour wait, and when we did there, only ended up waiting like 5 minutes before being seated. I'm not sure if we lucked out, or if just EVERYTHING on their menu is this AWESOME. Apps: Samusas are sooooooo mouthwatering, it'll make you second guess whether or not you should change your entree order to another plate of samusas. Tea. Leaf. Salad. OMG. Almost orgasmic. This would be a part of my final meal if I were to be on death row. The Burma Cooler is so super yummy, and I got pretty nicely buzzed from it. It's a must have. My bestie had the Sesame Chicken which was super good and my partner had the Riblettes, and from what I recall, they both absolutely loved their meals. I cannot wait to go back and to take every single person I know :)
Well.........Well...........Well..........Finally got to visit this much talked about establishment today for lunch. Location is great because we're on the same block.1 star for location1 star for service1 star for promptness3 stars total and here's why. Food is ok but the portions are small. This is a type of place where you will spend a decent chunk of money and come out still being hungry. We had five dishes today amongst 4 guys.Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil............they weren't kidding about the fresh basil. It literally was a big ass fresh basil on top of the food as garnish.See Jyet Kauswer.......... Noodles with fried garlic with duck. Again.......this would be a good appetizer. It was good but the portion was smallNan Gyi Dok...........Rice noodless with curry coconut and chicken. (Is cocunut milk a natural laxative?)Beef stew with curry..........Very dry and stringy. I've had better curry.Nan Pia Dok.............Flat noodles with cabbage and curry. Nothing worthy to talk about.Of the 5 dishes, I think the spicy basil chicken was the best. I just can't see myself waiting in line for this. We got here at 215pm and there was still a line. Why????The bill came out to 53 dollars. A few of my friends had to go to this dim sum to go place to pick up some shrimp egg rolls. The egg rolls at Burma Superstar is 8.25. Went next door to this dim sum to go place and bought a half a dozen shrimp egg rolls for 4 dollars. Now this place is yelp worthy............
I can't give a 5 star rating to this place just yet .. but it's for sure at least a 4... Once I have a few more dishes I will be able to give a much better opinion. I only had three dishes... they were all good... not amazing but above average.I am excited to order some stuff to go ... like the samura soup ... and the tea leaf salad which everyone raves about. I went on a Tuesday and it was only a 10-15 min wait
love this place and excellent service!
When someone said they had once waited 2 1/2 hours I knew it would be good. We had a slight wait, (30 - 40 min) which was certainly worth it. Heads up: they don't accept reservations but you can call in your name, which is convenient.The mu shu wraps were amazing!! I had coconut shrimp...good...and my sister had the sesame chicken which I liked better. Everything was very fresh and the fried rice had a unique flavor that's different from other places. Moderately priced and nice staff. Recommended for smaller parties (5 or less) because it is quite a small restaurant.
the food is tasty and the service is great. only flaw is the wait time.
Amazing food
Great service and food is very satisfying with excellent flavor. A bit expensive for the portions and location.
The Tea Leaf Salad is amazing, as was every dish I tasted. I would return here again and again! friendly service, but really busy and no reservations so expect a wait! The pumpkin shrimp was delicious and the okra tofu was really amazing!
This restaurant was like Zoolander for me. There was soooooo much hype about how amazing it was, so much expectation for that entire hour wait, that inevitably it could never live up to that expectation that had been set. The place was jammed and we were told we would have to wait 45 minutes. No problem. After an hour we went over to check and were told we would need to wait 45 more minutes. That was a bummer, though they ended up getting us in in 20. We had:Rainbow SaladTea Leaf SaladSamusa SoupGarlic Noodles with DuckBeef CurryPlatha BreadBoth salads were different than any salad I have had before. They were tasty but I would recommend sharing as I couldn't eat more than a little of each of them. The presentation is great with them being mixed at the table None of our group finished the soup.The beef curry, was the star of the night. It's like Burmese pot-roast. Tender and flavorful.The noodles were also delish. The platha bread is like a delicious unsweeted donut (read: greasy and soo amazing).My final sum-up: it was worth doing once for the experience, but I'm not going to wait in line for an hour to eat it again.
I never heard of Burmese food before I came here and I still am not 100% convinced this is authentic Burmese food but heck the food here is damn right TASTY ! ! ! and at the end of the meal that's all that matters.  It's a mish mash of curries, stir frys, soups - pretty standard asian fare but this place does it well. The wait time can be ridiculous (I believe i waited 2 hrs for a table of four!) but the wait is worth it when you come out with a stomach full of delicious tasty good eats. Parking can be a pain but ehh...nothing you can do about it and the service wasn't an issue ( at lease not when I went).
three and a half stars.I went here last night with a couple of friends. Ordered the vegetarian samusa soup and vegetarian shan noodles. also had the veg samusas for an appetizer.the samusa appetizer was out of this world. potato base with a spicy red sauce. the samusa soup was also very good but i ran into some unpleasantly tough bits that i wouldnt normally expect to find in soup. the broth was nice and spicy so i let that go. the shan noodles were forgettable. too salty & not very interesting..i give the food a 4 and the service & atmosphere a 3. it was way too crowded. our waitress moved us to seat a group of four after she had already seated us & taken our orders (midly annoying). they also wouldnt seat us while our friend was parking, giving our table to another group.lastly, i had initially ordered my soup so i could take home the leftovers but the server assumed everyone was having some and served three full bowls without asking who wanted any..all in all, i wouldnt go out of my way to eat here again but in the end the food was pretty good.
It just figures that the one time I come here for takeout, they would (to my surprise) have a table available. What???ARE YOU KIDDING ME? THE ONE TIME I DECIDE TO TAKE IT TO GO...If it wasn't for The Hills show about to start I would have sat there and eaten my dinner.  Darn it all!P.S. 4 stars for the samosas and samosa soup!
Amazing food tea leaf salad, Samusa soup and fiery chicken vegetables
Oh Burma Superstar, how I love you. I love that you've now followed me on Twitter (twitter.com/TayaV), and that I have cravings for your tea leaf salad. I was introduced to Burma Superstar by one of my best friends, who frequented SF before I became a frequent Frisco visitor. Being Thai, my encounters with Burmese food have been in Northern Thailand, where they are nothing like what I've found at Burma Superstar. I love the chili lamb, which is noted that it is not available in mild, and I love the coconut rice that helps cool the palate from the heat of the chili lamb. Aside from family style dishes, the garlic noodles are also delightful. Their Burma cooler is also amazing, as are their desserts. Mmm...my mouth is watering just thinking about this. :)
I got take-out from this place after being blown away by the sheer magnitude and enthusiasm of fellow yelpers reviews. For me the highlight of our meal was their Tea Leaf Salad which is delicious AND nutritious, an ideal entree for health freaks and gourmands alike!I would definitely recommend this place for take-out, unless of course you can brave the crowds.
Must try the tea leaf salad... but expect long waits..
great place, will come here for a fun-filled, delicious meal anytime...
I have a feeling that I'm a social deviant; after all, I'm not a fan of the Mexican restaurants in the Mission, I don't like Gordo's, and I don't like Burma SuperStar.In my honest opinion, this place is overpriced and overrated. It's your typical nighttime yuppie restaurant, where it's actually cool to stand outside and wait for a table, because people will get to see you and they'll think, "oh wow, look at that person waiting for a table at that restaurant. That restaurant seems crowded and therefore, awesome. That person must be awesome!"My friend and I had to wait 20 minutes at 9 PM on a Thursday night. What?? After we were seated, they had to move us to a different table after we ordered, and as a result of the shuffle we got a free dessert. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but for the high price, it's a very, very small portion.Greasy food, crowded restaurant, what could be better, right?
I just had a religious experience...with Burma Superstar's tea leaf salad. Seriously, I think I may have heard a chorus of angels when it touched my tongue. My guilty pleasure is looking at everyone's faces as they receive their salad and samusa soup. I've never seen so many wide-eyed, giddy diners in one place. But warning: Burma is a potentially awful first date venue. Don't get stuck outside for what could be an hour wait, making awkward small talk. Grab some drinks at one of the many nearby bars, and Burma will give your cell a call when your spot is ready.
Great food, but a little pricey with small portions. We waited for 30 mins for a seating for 5 on President's Day at 1:15pm. As a Singaporean with discerning tastebuds, I would say they one of the best salads, soups and curry. However, I would not return there again as I can't afford to wait 30 mins for lunch. Layang Layang or most Thai restuarants are almost as good, without the wait.
Meh. I thought it was overrated. The food is good, but not so overwhelmingly incredible. For me, it just wasn't worth the wait - the first time we went the line was too long so we had to try a second time, and ultimately it turned out to not be worth 2 trips. Good food, but nothing to write home about.
I was excited to try this place, but I really can only say meh. First impression was pretty awesome, however. Thanks to Yelp, I knew to call ahead and received a cheery phone call when our table was ready. We were still a few minutes away, and needed even more time to park, but when we arrived, our table was waiting. Awesome. :)We started with the veggie Samusas and the tea leaf salad, both of which were great. Next we got a flour noodle garlic-chili dish and the egg and okra curry. Both of these were unremarkable. Bland even.
As a person who loves Asian food I've been pretty disappointed with the lack of high quality options in this city. The Japanese food is pretty good but there are no good cantonese, szechuan, thai, singaporean, etc options in the city. The only shining light is Burma Superstar. It's by far the best option for Asian food in this city. In fact its some of the best asian food I've ever had.We had the following on a recent visit:  1. Burma Coolers  2. Pea Shoots  3. Fiery Chicken  4. Prawns in a Pumpkin Curry  5. Meat SamosasIt was an outstanding meal with great service and top quality food. The best part of it all is that it's inexpensive. So your satisfied and still have money in your pocket.
For the 1220th review or so of Burma Superstar, I will weigh-in on last night's dinner experience with my bf, Chris, his best friend, Matt, and an out-of-town friend, Doug, in SF for business. Doug ordered the beef kebat (stir fried beef with onions, tomatoes, green chilies, and mint leaves); Chris had the walnut shrimp (shrimps lightly fried and tossed with a sweet sauce and topped with roasted walnuts and sesame seeds). I think Matt chose the sesame chicken (slices of chicken breast lightly fried in a sweet and tangy sauce topped with sesame seeds), but I'm not quite sure. For my entree, I ordered the pumpkin shrimp (shrimp cooked in a pumpkin stew).Matt stated he had a rather strongly-flavored chicken dish, but not unpleasantly so. The beef kebat flavors were unexpected by Doug, although he didn't dislike them. Chris felt he had died and gone to culinary heaven in savoring his walnut shrimp, which had an amazingly rich and creamy sauce. I appreciated the large pumpkin chunks in my stew, along with the slight kick which didn't overly cover the delicate shrimp flavor.Desserts: two rather generous scoops of mango sorbet for Doug; fried coconut pudding and ice cream for Matt (the "pudding" appeared to be rice-flour based and infused with coconut/coconut milk); and a flourless ginger-chocolate cake slice shared by Chris and myself. The only miss seemed to be the ginger-chocolate cake, as it was a bit too gingery and not chocolatey enough. This miss was cancelled out by the excellent walnut shrimp entree. If not for that miss, I would totally give five stars!I'll be sure to come back; I hope Chris will join me again at Burma Superstar.
Amazing! Haven't been to a restaurant where I'm eating a dish that I've not had before. Definitely the tea leaf salad is something to try and the samusa soup. The service is excellent and the people are really friendly.
The thing is, it's the best food in the city. Hands down. It's so good it's worth trekking into the Richmond. Even at today's gas prices! It's so good that it's worth the 45-minute-to-an-hour-long wait for a table. Though if you go that route you're porbably a bit of a tool, as after the first time you experience Burma that way you should have learned your lesson and started getting take-out. ORDER THE TEA LEAF SALAD AND THE SAMUSA SOUP. Period. No matter what else you get, start with these. Oh, and some cocnut rice is imperative too, though a little goes a long way and you can order an order for "one" for two people, if not three.I have had better and worse experiences here. I have had friendly and rude staff. I have had larger and smaller portions. I always pay about $50 for take-out for three people, which is pretty effing steep, even for San Francisco. I don't care. I would probably pay $100 for take-out for three. It's the best food I've ever eaten, and they could be a lot more expensive, a lot ruder, and have way worse lines and no take-out option, and I'd still eat Burma at least once a month.
This place has the best food I've ever had. my number one.if only they had a mission location.. then it'd be just as packed probably. i recommend calling in your order (menu is viewable online) and picking up for takeout. they don't take reservations and this is a PRIME destination, weekend brunch is pretty open, though probably not for long.YUM. get the tea leaf salad and samusa soup to start with, then i'd ask the server for a suggestion.
I agree with all the thoughtful reviews I've read on BurmaSuperstar - the tealeaf salad is an absolutely crucial part of your dining experience here. Super tasty, nothing else like it. Also, the tofu is super good and spicy, all of it.Everyone complains about the wait, but I went here with the man-friend around dinnertime (granted, it was a Tuesday) and we got a table right away.
um....not much to say. there is a long wait for a reason. best asian resty in the nhood.
So I want to give this place one more star, but I can't. The service was great and I really liked the samusas, but the rest of the food really didn't excite me. I ordered the rainbow salad, because a lot of people on yelp hyped it up, but I was not that impressed. It was good, but not like amazing. The samusa soup was good, but again not amazing. I think that I would have to come back again and try other things.
f*ck this man!!!  the food has significantly dropped off from what i experienced and craved the last 7 years. perhaps the draw alone and well possibly focusing on their other restaurant caused the major slippage...oh wells..thank buddha that Mandalay is still right around the corner!!!!!!!!!!!ps. i have never waited more than 5 minutes in the over 10 times going to Mandalay while Burma is consistently an hour + wait...just thinking about how i could have saved over 10+ hours in my life by just going to mandalay, mandalay, mandalay, mandalay...yelp.com/biz/mandalay-sa
Finally came here after hearing so much about this place! Arrived at 5:40p on a Saturday and the place was already packed! Luckily a friend had arrived earlier and had snagged us a table... Food was good, tried the tea leaf salad (delicious), the catfish curry (decent), sauteed eggplant (yummy) and the shrimp. My friends loved their mango tango drink, with the ginger lemondade being average. Food was good overall, but not sure I would wait an hour for a table if I had to in the future, esp considering all the other food choices in this area. Would definitely return if in the area and the wait time for a table decent.
Hhmm, I wanted to see what the fuzz is all about. So past Wed night, Mr took me to Burma. Got there at 7:45 PM, almost hit a skateboarder on my quest to find a friggin parking. At 8:10, scored a parking right in front of the restaurant. (mind u I have to manuever my SUV blocking the st. in getting that spot but frankly I don't care). Put our names to the wait list ( mind u were on the 3rd page) Find out were the last three and they closed the list. At 9:20, were still waiting outside in the cold (Burma close at 9:30) the server start taking our orders. Unbelievable. Got to talking to people who's waiting like us, found out they been waiting for 2 hours and they're from Los Altos. Wow!In my head, BURMA better deliver because, I never waited that long just to eat. With my high expectations and hungry stomach, can't wait.The staff was so apologetic. By 9:30 we got our table and within 5 mins. all our orders came in. We ordered : On Noh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup, Burmese style coconut noodle soup with chicken, onions, eggs, cilantro, and lemons) taste YUMMY!, Spicy Calamari with Fresh Basil Calamari prepared with lemongrass, garlic, ginger, and peppers (it's ok)Walnut Shrimp (Shrimps lightly fried and tossed with a sweet sauce. Topped with roasted walnuts and sesame seeds) one of my fav's.Superstar Noodles * Our most popular noodles with tofu, cucumbers, potatoes, chili sauce, dried shrimps, cabbage (it was ok)and Burmese Style Curry Beef. delish!And we washed it down with a bottle of Chimay & Thai iced tea. My verdict is, it's just ok, I will go again and try other stuff but the wait is a killer. And the price is affordable.
My friends and I (2 of us from out of town) enjoyed this place so much, we went for a second round the very next day. Favorites: samusa soup, tea leaf salad, fried bread (can't remember the name) with a magical dipping sauce. I don't remember the last time I got this excited about soup.
This place needs another stellar review as much as I need bigger breasts. Yeah, this joke's totally on me...well, my breasts..Anyway, the food is superb. The Tea Leaf Salad - OoooooohThe Pumpkin everything - AhhhhhhhhThe Samosas - YeahhhhhhEven the Sesame Chicken (which I'd never order, cuz it's freaking sesame chicken ) was spectacular.
food & atmosphere were great. my friend & i split their famous tea leaf salad (crunchy, tangy & fresh) and the lamb dish that tasted like my mom's pot roast ( a good thing). service was right-on as well. the restaurant was packed, but they put us on the list & took our phone number and we enjoyed the neighborhood while we "waited."
Maybe it is just the dishes that I ordered, I didn't think it was very impressive. The tea leaf salad was pretty over-rated... It is not as special as you might think.
Not worth the long wait. Food overly salted
I went for lunch, and there was no wait!-- got lucky I guess. Samusas were a tasty starter. Loved the chicken casserole and chicken dahl. Both were prepared with a delicious combination of spices. Garlic noodles were eh. Hm, don't know if the food would be worth a ridiculous wait though.
Here's what we ordered:me: Chili Lamb w/Coconut Rice + Ginger BeerVon: Curry Noodles w/Chicken + Fried Coconut Pudding w/ Coconut Ice CreamThe lamb was pretty spicy, too much for her, good for me:) It was spicy enough to not really taste the "lamby" taste as much. A bit on the oily side, but great flavor. THE COCONUT RICE IS BAD ASS!! Def a plus!The Curry noodles were really good too. I think there were wontons, greenbeans, and some other things in there that really complemented the chicken curry and noodles. The Burma Cooler (ginger beer), was a great refreshing brew. Wish it had a bit more bite though.The dessert was awesome! We were so stuffed and can't wait to go again! Next time we'll go to the telegraph one cuz it's like 1 mile from my house!I read a lot how this place is busy, and although it was fairly packed we were seated within 5 minutes and the food came very quickly. Took us by surprise really, seeing as how busy they were. The service was great, and attentive. We got there around 9ish... so def a lot later dinner than most. I highly recommend this place if you're in the Richmond. I love Indian food, I love Thai food... and now I love Burmese food!
When I visited my friend last night when I was at the Bay, he took me to this restaurant for dinner. At the end of night, I had mixed feelings for the place.--the service--Unaware of good local eateries as I'm not from SF (I'm actually from the LA area), I asked my friend what's a good place to eat that's cheap (or reasonably priced) and Asian. After all, I'm at an area where Bay Area people champion the pool of Asian culture.So he took me to this spot. As expected, the wait was 30-45 min. No problem, we'll just go the pseudo-Irish pub across the street.An hour of drinking and spewing out James Joyce quotes led to impatience and LA arrogance. Whatever happened to the phone-call to let us know our table is ready? We knew we were ignored, so we jolted back across the street and demanded what the heck happen to that message."We waited an hour and a half and still haven't received a table" said I."Uh...we called your number" said the waiter."Well...how come I didn't see your number on my previous calls?""We did call"After a minute of contesting on who was right, the waiter caved in and gave us a table. We were then taken to the patio in a makeshift mosquito tent. As I recalled, the atmosphere was very cozy and nice that it'd be an excellent place to take a date.For the remainder of the night, service ranged from good to subpar. Aside from that little incident, I thought service was ok.--The food--Tired from ordering the usual curry, I decided to order the Nan Gyi Dok (although the dish did use a coconut curry sauce) as I felt it was the cheapest item on the menu. With a help of a glass of wine, I really enjoyed the dish. The portions were very reasonable considering I spent nearly $13.All in all, I recommend this place. Despite the poor service my friends and I received (for some odd reason, we left a hefty tip), I would definitely check out this place again whenever I visit SF.
My thoroughly insane dog once ate two sticks of butter off of the counter in one gulp. She looked at me with eager eyes with her tail wagging as if to say, "Got any more?" And she would have happily eaten more had I been sadistic enough to feed her butter til she puked... which she did about a half hour later anyway.Well they say people are like their dogs and truthfully I came close to eating until puking our evening out at BSS. Like my dog I couldn't help it. The food was much better than butter. Each time I placed my fork down on my plate declaring I was stuffed- couldn't eat another bite, a force beyond me would lift my hand, grab a utensil plied with food and shove it into my mouth. We had the tea leaf salad (doesn't everybody?) A noodle curry dish and a beef dish. All the flavors were addictive. And now with a few days rest I'm raring to go... ready to see just how many sticks of butter... um I mean entrees I can fit into this ever growing belly.Tasty.
Burma Superstar is so good I feel as though I've done something wrong after dining there.If only all sins could be so delicious!The first time I went was during a date with a young lady who's a vegetarian (yah, gross...I know). I had all veggies that night, but goodness, was I impressed! Everything was so incredibly tasty.Second time around, I fell in love with the tea leaf salad. I shared the orange chicken and a curried dish with friends. They too became converts.The food is to die for. It's unfortunate the service doesn't mirror that. You know a place is good when there are large crowds waiting outside to dine night-after-night. It just wouldn't be Clement Street without Burma Superstar (although I'm adamant about them changing the restaurant's name to Myanmar Superstar to be a bit more politically current).
The food here is amazing! I have been here a few times and it never disappoints. I have ordered many different items fom the menu and all of them including the drinks (Lychee mojito) are delicious! The wait time is not amazing so plan ahead and be prepared to wait at least an hour during the weekend dinner time.
A friend and coworker took me here one day for dinner. The wait was not that bad since we were there pretty early.Food was wonderful and of course, we had the tea leaves salad. We also had the curry and samosas. Service was ok. Ambiance very appropriate to the cuisine.The lacking star was that when I had the craving for the tea leaves salad and went back, saw the lines, I couldn't bring myself to be in that kind of wait.
surprisingly authentic burmese food with even better quality ingredients.
I've been coming to Burma Superstar for years now and I never come out disappointed. Items that I swear by:SAMUSAS: I've always had the chicken ones, but I'm sure the vegetarian ones are just as good. it's so crispy, savory, and hearty in the center.LETTUCE CUPS: The flavorful ground meat with the light, crisp lettuce is so refreshing. I could just sit and eat those bad boys all evening.GARLIC NOODLES: I always have this with tofu. The fried garlic makes all the difference. It just brings out the flavor of the garlic into the noodles. Superstar Vegetarian Noodles: This noodle dish is served at room temperature (not hot or cold). This dish is alright. but if I ever order it again, I would ask for more chili sauce.MANGO SALAD: I just looove this salad! the pickled mangos, cucumbers, mint and onions just mesh together really well. it has the perfect tang to it and is truly refreshing.FIERY TOFU: This dish is my favorite. I always get it with beef. Some people have sweet tooths, but I have a spicy tooth. i love how this dish is just the amount of spices that it doesn't over mask the beef.DRIED FRIED STRING BEANS: I really like this dish. it's just string beans, garlic, and garlic sauce...simple...but tastes amazing.One thing I just love about Burma Superstar is that they will allow you to split half brown rice and half coconut rice. It just tastes amazing together. A perfect compliment to all the dishes. The only thing that sucks about this place is that it is always packed and the wait can take up to 1 hr because they do not take reservations. You also come out smelling like burmese food b/c it's a really small restaurant. But...it's soooo worth it!
First time I went here several years ago, the Superstar did not live up to the hype and I was very disappointed. Maybe it was the company as last night when I took Gracie C for her first Burmese experience, I was scratching my head as to how I didn't have a 5-star experience here the first time around.Tea leaf salad - indeed unique and delicious although I'm eager to try the Rainbow salad next timeSamusas - killer, love the thin skin which is quite different than Indian samosas which are thick and doughyMild curry chicken noodles - we were licking the plate at the end of this dish to get all the last flavor crystals from within the noodle and gravy mixBurma cooler - eh, just tasted like beer & lotsa lemonSome apricot tea - awesome tea choiceRec: go try the Superstar, and if it didn't work for you the first time, go again (try better company?)
I don't think you need me to tell you that the food is excellent and that anything you get on the menu is likely to be superb. What I am here to provide you is tips on how to actually get a seat!My friend was visiting from out of town and he desperately wanted to go to this place, since every time he visits and we pass by, it's jam packed. I always say NO because I don't want to wait in the cold! So finally, on his way here one weekend, he calls me and says he'll be around to pick me up in 30 minutes. Unbeknownst to me, he then calls Burma Superstar to ask them how long the wait is. They say it's not too bad, and does he want to put his name in? Naturally, he says yes! They say to call if we'll be there in MORE than 30 minutes.Sounds like a reservation to me! But hey, I'm not complaining.We get there, find parking (though this takes a while! About 10 minutes), and walk up to the place. A table is already set up for us! We walk right in and sit down. No waiting necessary at all!It seems sort of an obvious thing to do, call in and put in your name, but still! It worked!
I FINALLY got my way last week and got to go to Burma SuperStar after months waiting and persuading. It's rad. Super rad. The only thing that is not rad is that it is tiny and there wasn't really a place to wait inside, so had to sit outside on the benches and it was f-r-e-e-z-i-n-g.We got there at about 9:15 and their final seating was at 9:30, so we just made it - they actually had us place our order from the outside benches, which was kind of strange, but then when we sat down, we only had to wait about 5 minutes for our food - hooray!The tea salad and the sumusas are what to go for. The salad is really interesting - I actually kind of made a face with my first bite but by the second I was hooked. And the samusas are good and light - not like most samosas at indian restaurants where they're really heavy and overly fried - these were perfect. Definitely a fun place to come with a few people so you can try lots of different things...plan to wait no matter when you come but it's worth it.
Best Burmese I've had in SF. Very fresh.
I think the ridiculous lines outside thsi place are more a product of effective hype and marketing on their part.That's not to say this wasn't a good meal; it was very good, but nothing blew me away; i even thought the ginger beer was a bit subpar.I think a lot of the big deal about the tea leaf salad is not that it's delicious, but more that it tastes like nothing you've ever had before so there's a novelty aspect. I had a great tea leaf salad at Ton Kiang's dim sum, and I've heard Mandalay's tea leaf salad is even better.Like I said, definitely a very good, but not amazing. I recommend going near the end of lunch, you won't wait then.
You know what, this place is wonderful. I've visited here like 4 times within the last 5 weeks, ordered same stuff and be fucking amazed everytime.Burma you get 5 stars from me too, not that you need anymore.
This place was great! The wait was probably the longest I've ever had to wait for food, but I'm so glad they operate to please: they allow you to call in ahead of time and put yourself down on the waitlist as well as record your digits for them to call YOU when your table is about ready! Still, we waited a good 35 mins there after calling another 45mins before that.The food was great. After reading the many yelper reviews I must admit I had my hopes set a little too high, but the food was great regardless. The samusas were delicious and seemed very freshly made; the coconut chicken noodles were a little plain for me but tasted fine (I probably wouldn't recommend trying it on your first visit); the tea leaf salad was very interesting and flavorful! There was definitely a lot going on in my mouth with every bite; however with that said, it seemed that because of such strong flavors of the salad- it over compensated any spices in our beef kabat. Service was great! Very attentive, fast and helpful--explaining our dishes; filling our water glasses; getting our food boxed up and ready to go. I am definitely not a fan of waiting too long for service.All in all I thought it was a great experience (which would definitely not be true had we actually had to wait the full hour, twenty minutes). Be sure to call in because we went on a Thurs night close to 10 (closing time) and there was still a line!
I love the food, they have awesome vegetarian options. My favorites are the tea leaf salad, the coconut rice, and the samusa soup. Great service! The people are amazing. They are polite, give good advice, quick when you need them, and super sweet. Having lunch here is a real treat and always feels very special. We try to frequent Burma Superstar during off peak hours to avoid waiting in line.
Burma SuperStar has quickly become my favorite spot in the neighborhood. When I moved in, I'd walk Clement Street, and see tones of people waiting outside for tables. I thought that it was crazy since were in a neighborhood that has good food all over the place. Well, I was wrong. On the advise of several friends and clients that had been, I was told that it's a legend, & I'd have to go. I was blown away. The tea leaf salad was like nothing I'd ever tasted. Complex and indescribable. You just have to try it. I've fallen in love with the curry. And anything with pumpkin. The wait staff has been friendly and helpful, every time. For as busy as the place is, I've never felt rushed or hurried.So why the 3 stars? Well, I hate to fight to get a table. I suggest calling ahead to put your name on the list for a table. It still may be an hour or so for a table, They'll call you when the table is ready. So just be in the neighborhood so you don't keep them waiting.
I love this place. To be clear, this review is about the quality of food here. Yes, this place is a bit overrated, and yes there is a long wait, but as someone who is Burmese, this is one of the few places in the Bay Area where you can get very authentic, excellent Burmese food. Personally, I think the most amazing dishes at this place are the salads and soups. If you stick with that, then you're golden. All the salads: tea, papaya, etc are excellent. Mohinga, Oh no kaw swe, are fantastic soups. I've tried all the soups and salads on the menu, and you can't go wrong with any of them. Just order soups and salads -- trust me, they're like main dishes in themselves -- very filling.The main entrees are a little more hit or miss, and honestly, when I go with a group, I rarely order any of them anymore. The Nan Gyi Dok, which is one of my favorite Burmese dishes, is disappointing at this place. There's always a long wait, so we usually put our names down/cell phone down and then go somewhere else nearby to get bubble tea. Or, we'll come around 8pm on a wkday night.
My favorite restaurant ever!! Top favorites: coconut rice, Burmese chicken salad, and Fiery chicken and tofu! But everything else I've ever had is absolutely delicious! A bit on the pricey side and there's always a long wait, but totally worth it!!
I'm naked. And it's sooo hot. I think I need some ice to run along my collarbone. Oooh. That's better.Did that get your attention? What else is a girl to do for attention when there's like 7,000 reviews for one stellar place?Let me tell you what you DON'T know.You love Burmese food. You love Burmese decor - most of all, you love The Superstar because they are the mothafuckin ROCK STARS of Clement!Pumpkin stew, layered fry bread, samosas, spicy beef with onions & peppers - 2 Golden Monkeys and you're singing "I could have danced all night" from My Fair Lady - and you HATE musicals.Go put your name down, stand in the line and be happy about it. You're about to be given a gift. A Burmese gift.So shut up and enjoy the shit out of it.Now get me that ice.
So so SOOOOO good. The veggie samusa soup was tasty, but the paratha app and rainbow salad knocked my damn socks off. I want to try everything on the menu!
4 Stars-1 Star for the line.Easy to dismiss this place as another over-hyped restaurant, but you have to wonder why this place consistently draws long lines in the city where there are plenty of other tasty alternatives. I found three reasons, which I call Superstars.Superstar#1: Ginger lemon beer served by pitchers. This does not taste like beer, more like wine cooler. Sweet alcoholic drinks, like sangria, usually draws crowds. I am not a big fan of sweet drinks because real beer or wine goes better with spicy food, but I could see why people love it.  Superstar#2: Their two popular signature salads, La Pat Dok (Tea Leaf Salad) and Gin Dok (Ginger Salad), are probably the best dishes on their menu.  Superstar#3: They will call your cell phone to notify you when your table becomes available. Leave your number, sit back and relax at a caf (Blue Danube across the street; yelp.com/biz/7zdRSvbg9zb) or shop for some Chinese groceries. FOOD: Overall, it was pretty good, but not as impressive as the line. Burmese food, at lease Superstar's version, could be best described as a mixture of Indian and Chinese food. Dishes, which weren't so big, were good for sharing; just like tapas. My recommendation is to load up on their two salads and soup as a meal, because these overshadow the main dishes. Their shrimps were small and stiff. Their rice had weird texture; maybe that's the authentic Burmese rice, but I don't know. Their curries were good, but I could get better curries (at cheaper prices) in numerous quality Indian restaurants. Burmese Samusa was ok, but what's so special about them? The most disappointing dish was their BBQ flavored bite size ribs. The sauce was way too strong (P. F. Chang intensity) and meat had too much fat. Server was nice enough to wrap up for the most part uneaten dish, but no one really wanted to take it home.   PRICE: Out of the door cost was $25/person, but by ordering more strategically (more salad, less dishes) next time, we could reduce that to $20/person and still be full. For a tightly squeezed restaurant with minimal effort to create a nice atmosphere, it was slightly on the costly side.
We went here for lunch on our trip to SF. The Tea Leaf salad is awesome as everyone has already said (great mix of greens, lentils, nuts, and tea leaf gooey stuff). We got the free Thai Iced Teas (free with yelp check in), which were OK. We got the Fiery Chicken and one other entree. Great service, price, and portions. The entrees were very flavorful and we had an awesome time. I will try to come back next time I am in SF.
It almost seems futile to review this place, mine will poke it's nose out for a few weeks and if I'm lucky get a few useful or cools here and there until the next flood of reviews turns up.Mine is already somewhat statistically irrelevant but the food is so god damn good here that I had to review it. Some rules:1. If you don't like Irish bars or coffee shops with mediocre espresso turn up at 4.45 and wait for them to open the doors at 5, it is the only way to get a table immediately.2. If you have to wait there are two irish bars that serve booze, a wine bar and a couple of coffee shops. If you are lucky you can catch one of the asian bakeries nearby and grab a red bean paste bun but I would advise you keep an empty stomach.3. Everyone says you must have the tea leaf salad, and they are right you must.4. If you have had the tea leaf salad or you drive a SAAB or a Subaru and think yourself a little "unconventional", try the rainbow salad. It truly is the shit.5. Anything entree with pumpkin in it is really good.6. The coconut things are vile, disgusting.7. If you haven't been yet, go tonight. It is one of the best restaurants in SF.
Ok, I have given Burma Superstar another chance and it must have been an "off" day for the cook the first time, because this time it was so good.I love the Rainbow Salad (when it's the right chef)Samosas are tasty, crunchy, differentTea Leaf Salad - very tasty. (Sorry it's late and I have run out of adjectives)I get cravings for the salads.
I was at your San Francisco restaurant, yesterday March 17th evening. When the time came to sit after a long wait in the cold outside, I was denied stroller access to the premises. The concern cited was the inconvenience it would cause to the patrons sitting inside the restaurant & with the no. of people inside, a stroller or wheelchair would violate fire code. So, the restaurant is not strictly wheel chair accessible...Not at least at all times. Food was excellent otherwise, highly recommended. Giving it 1 star for the stroller access denial.
IT TRUE... THIS PLACE IS GREAT! The Samusas are perfectly crunchy, we shared a chicken dish and noodles, along with some coconut rice, everything was perfect. I especially enjoyed the way it was delicately spiced, you never lose the taste of the dish. Oh, and lets not forget the fried bananas with the coconut ice cream and the fresh strawberries.... AAHHH!It is definitely worth the wait, and reasonably priced. GO!!!
1500 reviews? I'm not going to read all of them, but I'm sure everything been said already. Awesome food.
I love this place. I wouldn't say it is entirely authentic, but it's great nonetheless. The Tea Leaf Salad is a must and the curry noodle dishes are also fantastic. I recommend a side of the coconut rice as well. I'm not a big coconut fan but this rice can't be beat.
Great food and great service! Got here with friends right when they opened at five so we didn't have to wait. The tea leaf and rainbow salads are a must get! Even if you are a regular fan of Asian good, you will enjoy the unique Burmese flavors. The service was great - the waiters were attentive, very helpful with suggestions, and very pleasant people!
Wooo! Good good good!Yeah, yet another review that gushes over the tea leaf salad. You've read it below so I won't go into it. It's delicious because it's so different. I have never tasted anything like it before.I'll make this short:Pumpkin Pork Stew, Sesame Chicken, Nan Gyi Dok.Try one of those crazy mango drinks too.Don't let the wait deter you from going. Just expect to get a table 45min to 1hr after you get there. Give them your cell number, and go to Green Apple or one of the other places in the area to kill time. There's plenty to do on Clement St until they call you.
Based on a recommendation from a food blog, my husband and I went to Burma Superstar on a trip to the bay area. OMG. We both agreed that it was the best meal we ate while in SF, and one of the best meals of our lives. From start to finish, everything was incredible. We started off with the famous tea leaf salad. Its taste is very unique, unlike anything I had tasted before- in a good way! The flavors came together perfectly.Next we had the samusa soup. As if the meal couldn't get any better - it did! The soup has very thinly sliced cabbage, falafels, and dumplings, among other surprises. I kept finding new flavors in every bite.For the main course, my husband ordered the Vegetable Curry Delux and I got Firey Vegetables with Tofu. We had coconut rice as a side. The curry was good (my husband loved it), but... the firey vegetables with tofu was AMAZING. It had green beans, bell peppers, and tofu strips in a dark, smoky, spicy, sweet sauce. The tofu was chewy and dense, not that cubed, fried tofu you usually find in stir-fry type dishes. Oh! and we also had Thai iced tea with soy milk, which was a real treat for us because we're vegan and usually Thai iced tea has condensed milk in it.Overall, hands down, one of my top 5 meals ever. You must must must try the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and firey vegetables and tofu (even if you are not vegetarian, you will enjoy this dish!).
Went back after a few years. Friends wanted to eat here.... I swear it has to be the worst place to eat and I do get why the long wait . It is mind boggiing. I got home and got sick again from eating there again....
Very nice ambiance and authentic dishes which were really uncommon to me! I loved their tea leaf salad and rainbow salad which mix different great flavors together!
I had high hopes for this place. Ever since I saw the spectacular photos my friend posted on Flickr of the food she ate here, and their spot on Check, Please!, this place has managed to make its way up to the top of my list of places I'd like to try before I die. As morbid as that sounds, I'm pretty damn happy that I did. I've never had Burmese before, but I do love Thai, Chinese, and Indian. It really is the incredible fusion of flavors everybody has been hyping it up to be. I'm not even gonna tell you about how ridiculously amazing the tea leaf salad is because everyone and their mom has already yelped about it. The samusas and lamb curry were pretty standard, perhaps a little underwhelming. The chili mint chicken was fantastic, as simple as the preparation was. They recommend trying the coconut rice with their curries on the menu, so my date and I gave it a shot. A great alternative to plain white rice, but its rather filling.This place has a great vibe. Dim lighting and candles make for a rather intimate atmosphere, as did the seating. The tables next to us all got the tea leaf salad and I heard our server deliver the same spiel about the ingredients over and over again that night. Also a great place for a date. I was actually there on a first date that went pretty well! My only gripe is the price, kind of on the steeper side for Asian food. Although I've never had Burmese before, other yelpers have said this place isn't all that authentic, and I have to agree. Seems like they cater more to yuppies and first timers willing to fork out a little extra dough. Now that I have my feet wet in Burmese food, I'll be sure to check out the other places down the street.
I went to Burma Superstar a few weeks ago and I enjoyed the vegetarian specialties suggested by the hostess who seated us. The flipsides1. They shut early (I think 9/10ish) - luckily i just made it in time.2. It's a small place, so you would have to wait long OR maybe even share a bigger table with other ppl.anyway, if you're going there just for the food, you will not be disappointed.
Yeah, maybe it's overrated and maybe it's not worth two hours worth of wait. But can deliciousness really be overrated because that's what Burma Superstar is.I like the flavors and textures. I do crave the tea leaf salad and the pumpkin curry with shrimp. The Chicken Biriyani(casserole) is so flavorful with its pungent spices. The vegetarian samusa soup is yummy as well. Samosa's and falafel in a soup? Who knew? I tend to stick to the Burmese specialties as the couple of non Burmese dishes was just so-so. And if you're going to wait over an hour for a table, you shouldn't settle for so-so.But you know what's even better? Getting take out and bypassing the people milling around waiting for a table. Take it home and enjoy with either friends or a television for companionship. It tastes just as good as in the restaurant without the wait.
Wonderful food. Tea leaf salad was surprisingly outstanding - unusual, tasty, light and very satisfying.  It is mixed at your table from a number of ingredients and few of us thought it would produce such a nice balance of new flavors. The mint chicken with coconut rice was another wonderful dish that we really enjoyed. The Peashoots were perfectly cooked, fresh and exciting. We order this dish wherever we find it and this was as good as we have ever had. There were three of us at the peak of the lunch crowd. We signed up on the waiting list and got in in about 5 minutes. The staff was nice and responsive. Also very good value for money.
Didn't know what the hype was all about. Food was pretty tasty, but I felt like it was overprice for the size for the dishes. Tea leaf salad- good, vegetarian samusa soup's ok, beef kebat ok. Nothing out of the ordinary, our bill came out to be about 50 dollars.
Lunch time meal was delic and $10. Good service. Highly Recommend
Holy crap.... Holy crap... HOLY CRAP!!Now, before I get to the bliss, let me get one thing out of the way: CALL AHEAD. Don't be a jag, just call ahead to put your name on the list, they even take your cell number and call you when the table's ready. We went there on a Friday night and again on Sunday, and thank goodness we called because there was an hour and a half to two hour wait both nights. We always like to try new food, and although I still don't know how to accurately categorize it, I'd say it was somewhere between Indian food and....heaven.Samosa soup was great. Try the veggie samosa's as well. We tried the tea leaf salad, which was really interesting and the bf loved it (although I don't think I'll be craving the salad it, it was well worth the adventure for my taste buds). Also, DON'T MISS the JACKFRUIT SPRINGROLLS with coconut icecream for desert!!! Holy lord. Wish I knew the name of the noodle dish we had, it was coconut, sweet, yellow, delicious love fest for my mouth.I'll be dreaming about this place.
OMG I'm obsessed. This is always out of the way, but whenever I can get over here I do. It's an absolute madhouse around dinner time. I would recommend going to a late lunch in order to avoid the crowds if you want to try it out. Otherwise you could definitely be waiting upwards of an hour. I once waited almost two hours for a table on a Friday night. If it's your first time let the waiters guide you to the best items, but definitely try the tea leaf salad. And the sangria!!
More or less the service at this Burma Superstar is fantastic! I called in at around 7:00pm on a Saturday night and asked to be on the wait list for 2 people. They told me it would be around 1-1.5 hour wait, and 'lo and behold around 8pm they gave me a call back telling me my table was ready. We decided to try the tea leaf salad that everyone has raved about, and was slightly disappointed. It's taste was definitely very unique, but didn't quite suit our taste buds. I felt that in small amounts the tea leafs were good, but the huge clumps that were in the salad was a little too much. However, one thing to note was their superb serving skills! When they came with the salad, they explained what each ingredient was, squeezed some lemon, carefully took out any lemon seeds that may have dropped in and thoroughly mixed it.We also tried out the spicy chili lamp (spicier), chicken kebat (spicier), tan poi, brown rice, and coconut pudding fritters with coconut ice cream. All these were fantastic and definitely a must try, especially if you like spicy foods!
Want to enjoy Burma without the notorious 2++ hour wait?! I have the 411 peeps, so listen up!!!  When I go and get Burma, I get take out. Even though they are packed with people pouring out onto the street waiting for a table, it never takes more than 20 or 25 minutes for your food to be ready. Once you pick it up, walk one block down to Rockit Room. They welcome Burma lovers and allow you to eat there. Not only can you sit and enjoy your Burma Superstar deliciousness in a less crowded environment, but Rockit Room supplies absolutely fantastic music, friendly service, great drinks, and free pool on Sunday nights. They even keep take-out menus from Burma Superstar at the bar for when their patrons get hungry. They welcome all Burma followers! So thank them by getting a beer to go with your meal (I mean, you'd probably want one anyway). And you can thank me in the same way :)
Lemme say this. Don't believe the hype... Burma Superstar is overrated. I tried all the to die fors, which is the burma tea leaf salad & sumosa soup. And the description for the salad was a party in your mouth, and i would say it is definitely not a party in my mouth, but more like a kickback in my mouth. It was aiite. A bit pricey for this spot that's pretty mediocre. If you wanna try it one time before you die, sure. Other than that I doubt i'm gonna come to SF and hit up Burma superstar.
Best Burmese food I have tasted since my days in Rangoon. Brought here during a recent trip by a Burmese friend and the quality of the food brought back a flood of memories. Very authentic. I hope they open up a restaurant in NYC one day. Please. I insist.
Love Love Love! The food is really fresh and flavorful. Must try the Sambusa soup and the tea leaf salad - which are just incredible. They don't take reservations though, so be prepared to wait to be seated.
Fantastic. So much flavor and texture. Obvious, the green tea salad, and the lettuce cups veggie style with a side if tamarind dressing and hot sauce.
First time having Burmese food, and Burma superstar gave me a good introduction to it. We had the famous tea leaf salad and their popular soup. Both were good but because of all the hype over these dishes, I expected them to be better. The tea leaf definitely gave the salad a nice kick but the dressing could have been more flavorful. The soup was good. No complaints there. Also had stir-fry pork belly with bamboo shoots and chili which was ok but I've had better stir fry. Best item I ordered here was actually their ginger lemonade. In conclusion, would I make a point to come here again? Probably not. But if I was in the area, I might stop in to try some other dishes on the menu.
Fantabulous!! For those who do not have any idea of what burmese is all about... The taste is a cultural fusion of chinese, Thai, and Indian. Obviously, the tea leaf salad is a must try; a mixture of different textures and flavors. A great choice would be the pork pumpkin curry. The meat just melts in your mouth and the nutty flavor of the soup with the coconut rice is absolutely tantalizing. There's a legitimate reason why people wait in line.
TEA LEAF SALAD!! A balanced combination of individually simple earthy natural ingredients that come together to form a rich fulfilling range of deliciousness which makes the palate yearn for more =) The Fried Yellow Bean Tofu is a nice warm complement, a subtle and comforting array of textures and flavors, which helps balance out the cool, yet expressive flavors, of the Tea Leaf Salad. The Only down side is the long wait I encounter every time I go, but the staff is very friendly and they do their best to make up for it!
We arrived at 6 pm on a Sunday night and luckily only had to wait about fifteen minutes, but it appears that waits here can be over an hour - and people seem to be more than willing to freeze their arses off outside waiting!We had the rainbow salad (22 ingredients!), nan gyi dok (chicken curry with Burmese rice noodles) and the classic Burmese chicken rice casserole in claypot.The rainbow salad and nan gyi dok were excellent - bursting with unique flavors that pleased the palate. The Burmese rice casserole was very much like Indian biryani, with lots of meat, curry sauce, raisins and nuts. Even though it was tasty, it was a bit heavy and I think the cause of some indigestion.I really enjoyed the food - if you could promise me a less than 10 minute wait, I would visit more often.
Who knew what Burmese food was? I sure didn't before trying this place several years ago, and I can't tell you if this is what it would actually taste like in Burma...but who cares?What's most satisfying about this place is the flavorfulness of the food. Now that may seem like an obvious nod, but you will be hard pressed to find food this impeccably seasoned with such a complexity of flavors anywhere. And the degree of spiciness is just right (assuming you eat around the hidden red chilis in some of the dishes).Dishes I can't do without: vegetable samusa (no, not samosa - samusa) soup, poodi, and sesame chicken (sounds lame, tastes amazing). Other delights: rainbow and tea leaf salad. But I have a feeling no matter what you order, you'll positively love it.Do yourself a favor and dine in the restaurant only once in a blue moon - satisfy your craving by calling ahead and picking up otherwise. You''ll still get the experience of the place by wading through the crowd around the door inside and out, and constantly being in the way once at the cash register to pay for your food, which inevitably no matter how long you give them before you show up, will not be packed already - nor will it have the thai iced teas you ordered. This is all part of the charm :)
The best thing to come out of Burma since John Rambo in Rambo 4 (which i'm still convincing myself that it isn't the best movie ever, for obvious reasons). I've avoided Burma SuperStar for a while due to its mind numbing wait list., but the pressure to go mounted. So, I decided to wait it out down the street at the Bitter End. When I got the call that my table was ready, my stomach was long overdue. Fortunately, the service was fast, and friendly, and we got served (without a dance-off) almost immediately after ordering. First up, a calamari app. over a warm spicy mint leafy spread. Excellent light start to the meal. We followed it up with A beef dish, a pumpkin pork curry stew, and garlic eggplant which were all amazing. The Pumpkin Pork Stew may be one of the best dishes in all of SF dining, at least in my book. It is a great dish, and obviously real popular.  Burma Superstar had a lot to prove. Hype like this is rarely lived up to, but they pulled through in spades. I soaked up Burma like a sponge. On a side note, once seated, it is a perverse pleasure to enjoy the desperate look on the faces of those standing at the door, waiting for their seat. However, it is without guilt, because i now know it is worth the wait.  Still, I suggest heading down the street at a local dive and enjoy a drink or four while you move up the waitlist. Eating burma superstar is as easy as breathing.
I love this place. I'm a very picky eater and was very hesitant to give Berma a try, but I'm so glad I did. The tea leaf salad was amazing and I tried a pork dish that is now my favorite. Wait was pretty long, but I was able to give my cell phone and walk around which made it seem pretty quick. If you're looking for a unique meal that doesn't strive to be unique just to be 'unique' you have to try Berma.
All 3 of us ordered noodles. They were delicious. Also got salt and pepper calamari as appetizer. All pretty good. Friendly service.The place is small but the food is authentic and very unique. The food did not blow my mind the way it did for other people, but I would definitely recommend this place.I still can't believe how many reviews this place gets!
I never come here without ordering the tea leaf salad and the pumpkin shrimp curry. Both are amazing. Burma SuperStar has long waits but the food is worth it. I've always been impressed that no matter how busy they are, the servers are friendly and hospitable. I've never felt rushed or neglected. Oh, and if you bring tourists here, get the coconut juice in coconuts. People love that.
I've never had Burmese food before. We had a good mix of selections. The Tea Leaf salad was very tasty - coming from a person who doesn't usually enjoy salad. I liked the garlic shrimp, though it was almost too much garlic. I got to that point where I had consumed so much that I started to feel ill. Overall, very good food, though it would be more enjoyable if entree dishes were not $15+. For Southeast Asian cuisine, you expect more bang for your buck. It's a contradiction- like going to a white table cloth Vietnamese restaurant. It just doesn't add up. Without regard to the prices and the long wait times, a very delicious meal.
Tea Leaf Salad was definitely great. The mango chicken was nice but the Burmese Style Curry was so bad, it tasted like raw spices (and we usually love curry)! Not that nice and we usually are not hard to please. Wouldn't go back.
I'll get to the point on this one...Tea Leaf Salad = excellentRainbow salad = goodVegetarian Samusa Soup = excellentSpicy chicken w/ basil = goodwalnut shrimp = goodVegetable Curry Deluxe = OKBeef kebat = OKMost of the dishes were REALLY spicy, which I like, but I am tolerant than your average person. If it wasn't for the Tea Leaf Salad and the soup, I probably would have given BS 2 or 3 stars. They do not take reservations, so don't be surprised if you end up having to wait for a table. If you do not live in the Richmond, I wouldn't recommend going all the way there for BS, it wasn't anything amazing. The service was good, but nothing spectacular.
+Food is good-It gets crowded
This place is really good, I usually go on off nights to avoid waiting a long time though. I love the pumpkin pork stew with coconut rice, and the platha with dip was also very good. I have had the tea leaf salad which is also very good, but I would do without next time. They had a special that night which was fried brussel sprouts and it was my favorite dish of the night.  Also for the dessert the fried banana with carmel sauce is a stand out.
Wish I had found this place sooner! Delicious food. Tea leaf salad, lamb curry, and rice a coconut milk were my favorite. The wait wasn't that bad. Had a glass of wine at Turkish place down the street and then they call when table is ready.
Came here in 2011. I never had Burmese food before so I wanted to give it a try. there was a little bit of a wait but it wasn't too bad. some dishes had Indian (very strong curry flavor) influences and some had Chinese. If you like Chinese or Indian, you should definitely check this place out.
This is my new favorite restaurant in SF, above sushi even!!! I am pretty sure it's because of the Tea Leaf Salad - which is honestly, better than crack. I took my Irish friend here and she always humors me by trying what I gastronomically recommend once. Truth is, she always likes it too, but that doesn't keep her from being leery at the get go. I ordered the tea leaf salad and told her about it and she said, "that sounds really weird and I don't think I'll like it" I replied, "that's fine, if you don't, I'll eat it." It arrived, she took a bite and then quickly put both of her arms around the plate made for two, moved it in front of her and announced, "I don't think there's enough for both of us."We have been back many times since, always starting now with one and a half orders each of the tea leaf salad which we think might actually be better than sex. We have also gone through every beef dish except one (it's not mango season) and the other night we decided that the Beef Kabat is our favorite. Luckily they have Kabat with tofu and shrimp for vegetarians and pescatarians. Yummmmmmm doesn't do this place justice.The tea leaf salad dances in your mouth. The flavors cascade over your tongue, mingling with your taste buds to form a soiree where everyone is invited and everyone seems to be thoroughly enjoying themselves....The mango coconut milk is a lactose intolerant - had to give up lassi's - girl's dream.... Their tea - served in those cute little tea pots is delicious too.I even had a great time going here with my friend and her mom, when we split several dishes of vegetables, curry and of course the tea leaf salad from heaven. I'm not kidding, I have dreams about this salad. And every time I eat it, it tastes better than the last time. Can you say - addiction?
so. good. tea leaf salad, sambusa soup, pea shoots, burmese curry.
So let me preface this review before you even start: I've got mad credibility on this one--I'm Indian by descent, but my mom grew up in Burma and my dad was Burma-born-and-raised. As such, there are a couple authentic Burmese dishes that my mom used to prepare that I NEVER would have expected to find outside of my house:1. mo-hinga (dubbed 'catfish chowder')2. kow-sweh (dubbed 'coconut chicken-noodle soup')These two dishes alone, though listed under soups, are actual meals in themselves (at least that's how we used to do it back in the day). Let me just put it this way--Burma Superstar prepares these dishes so well that it tastes EXACTLY like how my mom used to make it--EXACTLY. It's really hard for me to venture out of these two 'soups' and try the other things at this restaurant since I only really come here when I need to quench my cravings for mo-hinga and kauswer. But the other dish to try is the Burmese style shrimp with coconut rice--SO bomb. There is also the tea-leaf salad--but you can read the other 1000 reviews that rave about this.
Came here one afternoon when it was raining. It was pretty cool to sit outside with the rain drops dancing along top of my umbrella. Maybe i'm a weirdo, but i loove the smell of crisp air with fresh rain. We sat outside along the bench where they had the out door heaters on, "ahhh"... waited about 15 minutes and were seated. I tried the rainbow salad.. eh.. I can't say much for it. But if you enjoy cold noodles in sour dressing then, thats all yours. We also had the chicken curry and beef and broccoli? I really wanted to love this place, but eh.. I could do without it.
If you're like me and have never had Burmese food and are wondering what it is well simply put Burma is a country located between India, China, and Thailand and it's food is influenced by all those cultures. Expect dishes on the menu to include ingredients such as coconut milk, peanuts, noodles, curry, and so on (or a combination of those). I got a traditional Burmese beef curry with a side of rice. The beef was incredibly tender and the curry was very tasty and had just the right about of spice. The wait here can get long on busy nights but they take your number down and give you a call when your table is ready so you can feel free to walk around the area which is nice (there's a very interesting aquarium store a couple blocks away that you can spend a long time checking out all the cool fish). Service was good, and although the decor was minimal the ambiance was still very nice. Prices were reasonable and there wasn't anything I could possibly criticize about my food or experience here to give them less than 5 stars.
This place is one of my top spots for burmese food. I only make it out here a couple times a year, but these 2 are my must have's: Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa Soup. The only downfall to this place is the wait time. I suggest u make reservations. But once you sit down and eat, all the exploding flavors from their dishes makes the wait worth while.
This place has amazing food as the line out the door attests to. A must try is the tea leaf salad that is a world unto itself. They have both excellent Chinese food and an interesting range of Burmese. The staff will actually try to stear you in the direction of trying something different, which is nice, but I will say we were plenty happy with the Chinese offerings as well. There is also a location in Oaktown/Berkeley if I remember correctly. Just remember to get there early or you will be in for a significant wait.
This place is crazy packed! We waited about 20min, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad & Samosa Soup (as seen on Food Network), it was really good, but wasn't my favorite. The lamb curry- tender & delicious, coconut rice- yumster. The food taste alot like my dad's Malaysian home cooking, the garlic noodles was also very good. Overall, it was well worth the wait and happy we randomly walked by it.
A family style restaurant, great place to share food and taste different dishes. I forgot what I had exactly (my friends and I had about 10 shared dishes), but everything was delicious. Wait was long (2 hr on Sat night) and service was rude.
This place has too many damn reviews. No wonder there is a two hour wait anytime anyone tries to get a table at this restaurant.But whatever, call and order it to go. I had this on my table last night in 30 mins.1. Green tea leaf salad...ding ding ding, we have a winner.2. Prawns and pumpkin...hit and miss...prawns were tasty, pumpkin was overcooked. I admit I enjoy thai pumpkin curry much more!3. Beef Kabat....Wowsers, I want my go-go gadget arms to make their way back to Burma Superstar and stock up on this dish.4. Coconut rice...I like rice, I like coconuts, I like the two together.5. Chocolate cake...yeah, what's not to like?
I wanted to like this place. I really did. It is one of a few Burmese restaurants on Clement Street. I've read the reviews on Yelp and have seen the long lines outside everytime I pass by it during meal hours.This rating is based only on my experience while this place was almost closing. The food was unfortunately way too salty and expensive. I had to pour water in the soup so that it could be edible! On the upside, the food was definitely new - there were new spices and ingredients I had never tasted before. The green leaf salad was overrated, or was it just sloppy work as a result of the late night crew? I may never know. But I'm always down to support Burma... Free Burma!
There is one way that I am like Eric Cartman. Okay, possibly more ways, but here is one I am willing to admit. I hate lines! (Refer to South Park episode #506: "Cartmanland").So even though I really like Burma Superstar, I don't have a million dollars to buy the place for myself, which means that I have to put up with standing in line, or not go. Waiting in line for a meal is like torture to me. Everyone inside seems to be eating in slow motion, while I am pressed up against the window with sad, velvet-painting kitty eyes, drooling. Today was a wonderful exception! Who knew that we would get in almost right away, at lunch hour on Mother's Day? But there we were, sitting happily in a window seat, with Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup and milky iced teas in front of us. (Note: and thanks to the ever-wise and all-knowing Beth V., who tipped us of that BSS is not crowded at lunch, we had a little bit of insider knowlege that this might be the case)You can read all of the other reviews for favorite dishes - those are my two picks. The Tea Leaf Salad is so wonderfully full of flavor and color and crunch and is simply delicious. The Samusa Soup is rich and satisfying, with the treasure of finding bits of fallafel in your spoon.The lesson here is that you don't have to sit home with a giant hemorrhoid thinking that good things happen to everyone but you. You too, can enjoy a meal without waiting at Burma Superstar - you just have to inherit a million dollars, or go on an off-hour.
The Coconut rice was divine!
I'll second what most other people are saying: expect to wait, but the tea leaf salad (and everything else) is so worth it!
great neighborhood place for some delicious Burmese food. Best to go with a group to order and share a bunch of different dishes to experience all the different flavor profiles!
Hmm. Looks like the reviews say it all. Burmese food is not that common, and it's relly good here. Rainbow salad is a must to try, and good to share as a starter for two. Really dont remember what else I ate, it was all good. If I had to describe it, the food is a good mix between Malaysian and Thai.
I went knowing it was a good rest. was hungrygreat samosas, loved the rainbow saladthe basil chicken was good...could have ordered another platethe rice was good-with the cinnamonthe garlic noodle was okay-not greatbut we ate everything, staff nice, and food came out in a timely manner
Like all the other reviewers, I agree that the tea leaf salad is simply fantastic, but that's not all there is to this place. Honestly, everything I've ever tried at Burma SS has been super fresh and incredibly tasty. The coconut chicken noodle soup is the perfect balance of savory and sweet... the broth alone is sublime. The garlic peashoots are a perfect compliment to any dish. While I'd like to widen my entree selections, more often than not I end up with the same sesame chicken... and it's so good that I guess I don't mind having it as my go to dish.At the end of the day, this place deserves all the accolades that it's getting. I'd highly recommend it.
Good thing we got there before 5pm because there was already a line forming. The food is good, but I think Yelpers hyped it up too much. With the recommendations on yelp, we tried the following:white tea salad - this was just okvegetarian samosas - goodsamosa soup - goodcoconut rice - like any other coconut riceribs - really goodSome kind of noodle (sorry forgot which one) - blandI'm not too sure I would be back. Maybe if I lived in the city, then I probably would, but there are plenty of other good restaurants I would rather go to.
Burma SuperStar is hard to get into, but OH MAN, it's worth it. Each dish is a symphony of spices, flavors and textures. Food heaven.I ordered the tea leaf salad and it was so unique and wonderful. I also got a pork, pumpkin stew and it was melt-in-the-mouth delicious. It's so nice to eat at a restaurant that serves authentic Burmese food and not dumbed-down American versions. It's a real winner, but you have to be in a patient mood because it can take up to two hours to get a table at the busy hours. Be conscious of that.
Don't get what all the hype is about. Tried Burma Super Star out based on so many stellar reviews and while the food was decent, it didn't blow my mind and I certainly wouldn't wait an hour for a table, which from what I hear is the standard for this place. Service was nice, our server was almost too enthusiastic in fact. She seemed to really really love her job. I was pretty disappointed that over half the menu was Chinese dishes. And they sounded better than the Burmese dishes. Had the Samusas, which were good but nothing out of the ordinary, the Pork Belly and the Mu Shu Wraps. I'd recommend the Pork Belly over the Mu Shu, though I wished both dishes had been less oily. Overall an okay meal, but not worth waiting in line for.
4 if the wait isn't too bad, like it was tonight. 3.5 if I was dumb enough to come here at 7 p.m. on a Friday night with half of SF, their mommas and their brothers.Yes, everything in Burma SuperStar's 1000+ reviews is true. The wait is ridiculous. The food is fab. It depends on how long you're willing to wait or how badly you're craving this stuff.-The red sangria has lychees and mango in it, but not in an over-sweetening sort of way.-Burmese samusas with chicken weren't bad.-Coconut rice (YES!!)-Tea leaf salad (subsequent visit): worth the hype.-Pumpkin Shrimp was crazy good, but it wasn't much unlike the also kickass (and cheaper) Golden Pumpkin special down the street at King of Thai.-Spicy Chicken with fresh Basil was good, but standard.I coincidentally came here the same day that Myanmar was hit with a deadly cyclone. So, in that sense, it was nice to see a Burmese restaurant filled to the brim with spend-happy patrons.
I'd say it's a 3.5 star rating. It's pretty good but not mind-blowing.I heard great reviews about this place from my friends and they took me here for lunch. It has a good atmosphere...it's busy as anything on the weekend, but that's expected. They have different varieties of tea and I had the oolong. It was pretty standard and I only wish that they had bigger pots since I'm an avid tea drinker. Anyways, onto the food. We had the vegetarian samusa soup, the tea leaf salad, the rainbow salad, the pumpkin pork stew, and the burmese chicken casserole. The samusa soup was good, a little spicy and a little sour...pretty standard fare. The rainbow salad had a refreshing noodle salad flavor, but it wasn't anything special. The nuts and other spices added some much needed texture to the salad. The tea leaf salad is their star dish and it rightly deserves it's reputation. It's probably the best thing on the menu. The pumpkin pork stew was great as well. The pork was nice and tender and the pumpkin was soft enough to complement the pork while still retaining its shape so it's not mush. The casserole was interesting. The half chicken was in the center of the dish and it's a bit messy to get all the meat off the bone while sharing it with 4 other people. The rice was flavorful and full of spice. But the casserole was just a bit too intense of a flavor for my palate. I prefer simple things and it had too much going on.Overall, this is a decent restaurant that serves a mean tea leaf salad.
Little known fact - you can call in ahead of time and put your name on the list. They'll call you when your table is ready - if you're not 5 minutes away, then you lose the table. A couple other hints: - grab some wine (or coffee) across the street while you wait for your table. - definitely get the following dishes -- tea leaf salad -- samusa -- prathaBest food on Clement Street. (PS - see my review on B-Star, I'm now a convert!)
I had items taken Togo n I must say took them only 15..minutes to cook 6, item which is pretty fast. First item is rainbow salad which I thought it was ok kinda on a sour side if u like that . Second is the rice with shrimp casserole which was really good. Third is the beef sesame and that was decent . Fourth is some kind of flour noodles with curry favors with shrimp I really like that. Hmm fifth is calamari salt n pepper wasn't that good because not salty enough. And six item is peasprout which was good. Anyhow Kinda expensive 78 dollars I paid n the food was small portions
After waiting for an hour and a half you would think a place has to be good. You are absolutely right. Bstar rocks! Samosa soup/Tea leaf salad are superlative. Also had the fire something vegetables, khow suer and shrimp curry. The servers were nice and personable... really seemed to care about the customers. I am already plotting my return for samosa soup.... I am hooked.
I have yet to try something here that I didn't like, or love even. The Chili Lamb is probably top of my list. I think I have actually injured myself by eating too many of the peppers. If the wait wasn't prohibitive, I would eat here weekly. Just a note, the Superstar noodles are nice and cooling and can help reduce that lingering burn in your mouth from the Mango Chicken or the Chili Lamb that you ordered extra spicy.The wait is crazy, but you can call in for a spot on the list. I generally do this from my house and by the time I drive across town and find parking on Clement (which can be a trying experience) they are usually pretty close to seating us.
So delicious and worth the wait (although I should give full disclosure that I live a few blocks away and my laundry mat is across the street, so I have plenty of things to keep me occupied while I'm waiting for a table).There are so many reviews on here, there's not much left to say, so I'll just give a few recommendations on my favorite dishes:Tea leaf saladrainbow saladvegetarian samusastraditional Burmese rice saladOther important things to note: Calling ahead by at least an hour to get on the list is a must, and if you just can't wait they have takeout and it's pretty quick (about 25 minutes).
Very good place with quick/attentive service, but the wait is LONG. We called before hand at 6pm to put our name on the waiting list. We were told the wait would be about an hour, but we ended up getting seated 2 hours later. The reviews and expectation was SO high, that I wasn't as blown away as I thought I'd be - I give the place a 3.5 stars (so rounded up to 4). We ordered the Catfish Chowder, Tea Leaf Salad, and the Fiery Chicken & Tofu. My least favorite of the items (which was still good) was the Catfish Chowder, and the Tea Leaf Salad was definitely delicious, but a bit on the saturated/nutty side. Fiery Chicken was great - loved it. I'll definitely be back for more tastings on the menu... just might not go on a Saturday night next time.
Everyone and their mom has reviewed this place, but being a regular customer, I feel like I need to tip my hat as well. I've been coming here for 4 years on a weekly basis. I've never, read NEVER, had a bad meal. I don't know how this is possible. My only explanation is that they sprinkle their food with magic. Tea leaf salad, firey chicken, sesame beef and jack fruit spring rolls are no fails. I've sampled pretty much everything else on the menu as well; depending on your palate, you'll find your own favorite. Service is always excellent and the vibe in the place is really relaxed. The only thing that bums me out is the wait for dinner, so I usually come for an early lunch or early dinner.
Fantastic food, a mix of india and asian, never had anything like it. I think the price is high . The place is small and lack room between tables. but over all good service and food.
Okay this is one of those "popular" restaurants that I just don't get. It got the thumbs up from the Food Network and the overwhelming waiting line was a sure sign that this place would be a hit. The waiting line itself was enough to deter anyone to go elsewhere.Burma Superstar was recommended to my friend. Since almost every table there had the Tea Leaf Salad, we decided to try it along with an order of Vegetable Curry Delux, and a side of Burmese Samusas.I must say that for a very busy establishment, the food did arrive at our table at a reasonable time. Unfortunately that was the only thing that I was impressed about this place. The Tea Leaf Salad was nothing special; I can barely taste the tea leaves but it was okay regardless. It was the other ingredients (tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts, and split yellow peas) and overpowered the salad. There was nothing unique about it.Burmese Samusas were no different from Indian samusas but I think the Indian version was richer in curry flavor. The Vegetable Curry Delux was pretty good but again nothing out of the ordinary. it was your typical curry.When I think of Burmese food (or any SouthEast Asian cuisine), I expect regional dishes that would taste unique with the right blend of spices. My friend and I agreed that the dishes we ordered were nothing but ordinary, rather bland, and Americanized Burmese dishes. There was nothing authentic.
I enjoy the Burma SuperStar---- in winter and it can be a little cool inside--dress in layers. I enjoy the lunch specials I like the curry and the sesame chicken and in particular a big fan of the cardamom rice--curried yellow, perfect amount of cardamom--seasoned extremely well and gives the scent of what someone thinks of eastern cuisine.The food is ready in a very quick manner. Bring lots of quarters for street parking (if you are there in the daytime) and count yourself lucky if you find a parking spot in the evening--it can be a very tough area to get a parking spot. I look forward to going back to Burma SuperStar.
Amazing experience as well as educational ! This is the perfect place to try something new~you will probably like it. One of my best girlfriends was in town from Vegas for her birthday and guess where she wanted to eat??? She had heard about this place for the longest time and was dying to go. My buddy requested that our group of "out of towners" meet here and all try to order VEGAN DISHES in honor of her birthday wishes (not too hard for me, I only eat chicken anyway) but I wasn't sure that the others could follow through. I think we all passed with flying colors due to the large assortment of fun things to try. I can't wait to go again, I live in Oakland now and there is another location just a few miles away!!!!
If you like thai or chinese or Indian... this is the perfect meld of all. When I moved down to LA, burma superstar was what I craved when I was gone. De-lish! There's usually a little bit of a wait but SO worth it. Yummy! It's a little bit expensive which is the only reason why I don't eat every meal there.
I don't get the appeal of this place. It's very similar to Malaysian... a combo of Indian, Thai and Chinese. But I really don't get it. It's overpriced, the dishes are very average, the ambiance stinks and idea that this place has a wait is completely ridiculous. The staff is really friendly and the service is good, I just think this place is way caught up in it's own hype.
B-Star is one of the best places to eat on Clement Street. This place is tiny, but the food is truly special. The atmosphere is better after the remodel. I have been here with a large group and a small group. The service was great both times.There can be a wait, and I don't think they do reservations. Parking can be a challenge in this neighborhood. At the end of the day, this is a unique dining experience that will not disappoint.
It's good, but not worth the wait. The tastes are interesting, but not mind-blowing. I'd go back if someone invited me and there was no wait, but haven't gone back on my own. A perfect 3.
Man, over 1200 reviews?? I guess I'll pile on one just in case someone is confused still if the food is good or not. If you are wondering-- the food is beyond words. More like its eyes bulging out of your head each time a bite of this Burmese heaven shakes hands with your tounge, Yep. Like that.Usually when my friends and I go out to eat family style, there is that one (or sometimes two) dishes that I are my favorites. At Burma SuperStar, however, this didn't happen. Something was terribly wrong....opposite day!! Just kidding.The food here is some of the best food I think I have ever eaten. I could have left satisfied with the samosa soup (a MUST try.) But nooo we had to order the tofu tower, a potato curry, a chicken dish, AND rice with lentils. If you have been, I am sure you are wiping up the drool form your keyboard. If not, you best get in your car and GO. NOW.
Maybe it was the food that we ordered, but I wasn't impressed with this place. Considering the long line and over an hour of wait time, I expected something. And I wasn't satisfied with what we got.I'd rather walk a block over to Pho Clement and eat pho or something else then wait for more than hour.
Biggest disappointment ever...me and my brother in law drove here from fremont...because of all these great reviews....I ordered the classic burmese chicken casserrole...and he ordered some sort of noodle item....the service was decent....the guy who was sitting next to us by himself...got better service than us...i think they thought he was a restaurant critic....anyways...the chicken casserrolle was decent...nothing special...considering it was marked witht he chef's special tag...i thought it'd be better....my brother in law's noodles were given to him cold....he asked the waitress why they were cold...and she said thats how they are supposed to be.....who the hell wants cold noodles on a 40 degree sf day......Burmese food is supposedly a mixture between food from hindustan...and food from the orient....too bad...this place....took the crap from both places and combined them to make even more crap.....
Best samosa I've ever had! The service was good. The sesame chicken was amazing! There was a wait, which just indicates how good it was.
What is Burmese food? The technical answer is that it's an orgy between Thai, Chinese, and Indian cuisine. The real answer is that it's good - damn good. The menu has more than enough options for meat lovers and vegetation alike, which is pleasing when bringing other people who are more selective with their food.I've had to wait a substantially long time both times I have been to Burma Superstar, but each time the meal left me more than satisfied, and I would even go as far to say that I would wait even longer next time (stomach pains aside) to eat this fabulously again. I'm going to be honest...It was either a combination of the wait making me delirious, the overwhelming mass of people packed inside the restaurant, or the fact that there wasn't much to look at, but inside, the restaurant's interior wasn't that fascinating. Don't get me wrong, it's homey and friendly, but it's clear that this place is all about the food. Thankfully, Burma Superstar is good enough where the physical environment doesn't really matter. Hell, if I was eating this well I could be in a prison cell for all I care.Here's a short description and review of some of the food I've had in my visits:Burmese Samusas - A must get for each visit. It's extremely flavorful and a perfect compliment to whatever meal you are getting. Kicks ass in all ways that a Samusa should.Tea Leaf Salad - They sure like to advertise this salad, and while I think it is good, the other food I've had left a much better impression on me. It is light and refreshing, so on a rare occasion that it's a hot day; this would be a great choice. Pumpkin pork stew - I have extreme bias here, so beware. My love for pumpkin is severe, so this is right up my alley. One of the best dishes I have had here, and one of my favorite things in all of San Francisco.Bun Tay Kauswer - Fantastic, another favorite. The coconut was powerful and took the dish to another level. The texture of the noodles were also perfect.And as for the rice - you have to get the coconut rice. It is so good, and especially amazing with the Bun Tay Kauswer. That's about it for my review. I think this place is great, and I have already told everyone heading that way to check it out. Expect a wait, and then expect some fantastic food.
Delicious and different! Really liked the Burmese soup and the coconut rice
Ok, so pretty much nothing is left to be said. Yes, the wait is super long. Yes, the food is super amazing and makes the wait totally worth it. I freaking LOVE that they take your phone number and will call you when your table is ready, that way you're able to wander around the neighborhood instead of just stand in front of the joint like a hungry fool. So cool! Every single dish we tried (there were 6 of us, and we ordered 7 dishes total) was completely amazing. No complaints whatsoever!This restaurant lives up to all the rave yelp reviews to a T. Yay, Burma Superstar!
I absolutely LOVE Burma Superstar. The Rainbow salad and Tea Leaf salads are amazing, as is the Samusa soup. The Spicy and Crispy Chicken is one of my favorite entrees coupled with some coconut rice. And the drinks...they have a great selection and all are delicious. I highly recommend the mango/coconut drink as well as the Burmese cooler.Eat here...you will not be disappointed.
As the server was pouring our veggie samusa soup into our bowls, I thought my eyes were gonna jump out of their sockets. It's like adult entertainment for my belly. The climax was the first slurp. And then it kept on coming: Superstar Shrimp, Chicken Casserole, something flour noodles with duck, and the veggie delux curry.Oh...my...god.Prediction: many repeat visits...
This place is really, incredibly yummy, sometimes, that is. Burma Superstar used to be my favorite Burmese restaurant of all time, until one time I was utterly disappointed. I remember the first time I was here, I couldn't stop eating or talking about the place. It was worth the wait, worth the cramped seating, worth the price (well, sorta). The food was incredible. Beef was tender, and everything... just worked. It's like when you meet a person and sparks fly-- Burma Superstar and I seemed like we were gonna be together forever!BUT, the other time I was here, the food... didn't work. We ordered the same beef dish (Beef Kabat), and it just tasted plain weird. It was too salty, then it was bitter. The curry was too sweet, and heavily coconut-ted. I can't remember what else I got, but I just remembered my boyfriend and I being disappointed. Worst of all, we brought my boyfriend's parents here because it was his mom's birthday, and she didn't like it. Whoops. OK, so I guess Burma Superstar and I didn't work out afterall. But we're still friends and I know I'll go back and visit sometime, after the economy gets better and I get a job. I'm sure the food isn't as inconsistent as always, and that we were just unlucky.
hot damn this place is KILLER. and by killer, i mean HELLA GOOD.we went for the 1st time recently and i let our hosts do the ordering. they already are avid fans. what did we get?- tea leaf salad- rainbow salad- burmese style curry with chicken- beef kabat- coconut riceeverything, and i mean everything, was amazing. i could have eaten the coconut rice as dessert too it was so good.and what did i have to drink? a cucumber mojito. DANG!!! and my boyfriend had the biggest beer i've ever seen. he was so happy.we totally will be going back here every time we visit the bay area from now on. a total restaurant gem.
BLAh so sour! i hate hype and lipstick stained water glasses.
I would love to give a review if I could actually get a seat there. I always call ahead and am usually told about the wait is about an hour to 1.5. So I usually show up at the hour mark only to be told(2 different times) its going to be another hour. That's fine, It's supposed to be amazing. I am ok with waiting.I am however not ok with being told I am next and that they're getting my table ready only to have someone show up who was 45 min late and watch the hostess/waitress give them my table. I'm sure the food is great and maybe I'll get to review it when they don't give my table away.
At this spot I had the following: Vegetarian Samusa Soup, Lemongrass Salmon, Brown Rice and the Thai Iced Tea. I was pretty hungry and exited to have lunch here because it was highly recommended by my friend and also because it has such high ratings. The wait was about 30-45 mins. We got there about 2 hours before they closed for lunch on a Sunday. They had complimentary Jasmine hot tea while you waited outside, which was really nice considering the fact the winds were icy as an icee! There is no person greeting you and taking down your name and instead you write your name on a clipboard. The Samusa Soup was absolutely hearty, hot and delicious! I love this concept, really. The Salmon was flavorful, but a bit overcooked. I checked into Yelp and I got a free Thai Iced Tea, which was really nice but the waitress forgot to bring my friend's out and we had to remind her. The place was absolutely busy and VERY short staffed. I bet they make bank and I am wondering why they only had about three people waiting the whole place. I was satisfied, with the place but definitely NOT with the customer service and for me in order to have a fine dinning experience I appreciate both. I would also not dine here with a party of 4+ unless I wanted to wait hours to get seated.
If this restaurant were a man (or even a woman, this being California and all), I'd marry it.This place is perfection. The tea leaf salad, the coconut rice, the shrimp with red curry and the samosa soup.... I'm in love. What's not so great: The alcoholic beverages. They leave something to be desired. But I think the alcohol would cloud my perspective and shield my tastebuds from the delicious food, so I guess it's for the best.
Oh my God. I finally got to Burma Sunday night and I didn't need a plane ticket. This was my first time here and praise be, it will not be my last. After ample warning about the wait, we put our name in for the hour-long waitlist and walked down to Green Apple Books to while away the time. The hour passed really quickly and we hurried back to get seated. We had a hard time deciding what to order since we were only two people, but I think we made some good decisions. We started off with two of the Burma Coolers, which were very refreshing. The cold beer was brightened with fresh lemon and ginger and was a good counterpoint to the spices we encountered. Next time, a pitcher!We started with a side of platha, a fried bread with many layers. I'm sure this dish can get pretty greasy, but our order was just lightly so. The bread provides a good sopping tool for the saucy lamb - see below. We shared the Samusa Salad next, which was a lovely presentation: the plate is sectioned by food, so there are little heaps of cabbage, cucumbers, thick-sliced onions, cilantro, and fresh mint, along with mini versions of the fried veg samusas. The servers mix up the dish for you so that all the flavors get integrated properly (the same thing with the noodle dish below). The combination is very fresh and tasty - lots of different flavors in each bite. The dressing was hot sauce and soursop fruit (I think I heard that correctly?) and perfectly tangy.Next up we got some pea shoots as a side dish. Honestly, this was one of the best pure vegetarian dishes ever. The pea shoots were just crisp-tender, and were sauteed in a wine and garlic sauce that I basically wanted to drink. If vegetables could taste like this all the time... *sigh* We also shared a couple entrees. The Nan Pia Dok was comprised of wide, flat noodles drenched in a creamy coconut curry sauce. Tender pieces of chicken were interspersed among the noodles. The sauce was not overwhelmingly coconut-based, but had a very nice balance of curry heat and coconut sweetness. It reminded me a little of chicken korma but about twenty notches higher. My favorite dish was the Chili Lamb: intensely flavorful and satisfying... what more can I say? The chili heat wasn't overpowering but it left a pleasant tingly burn on the lips. And the flavor was amazing - the lamb wasn't gamey at all, and the onions were properly caramelized. Needless to say, we ate as much as we could before waving the white flag and wrapping up the leftovers.There are so many delicious-looking menu items that I think it's best to return with a group so that you can try them all. And how the hell does anyone save room for dessert??? An amazing dinner... we shoulda walked home after all that food but we chose to be fat & lazy and take the 1, inhaling the scent of our lamby leftovers the entire ride :-)
THIS ONE'S A WINNER!I was dragged here by a friend and expected it to be like some over-hyped Thai restaurant. But I was wrong - the food here is to die for.The restaurant is known for its Tea Leaf Salad. I was a bit skeptical at first because I've never had crushed tea leaves in my lettuce before. But it turned out to be really good. Highly recommend the spicy lamb curry and sea bass. Wow, do they know how to do sea bass! Finish off the night with black rice pudding dessert, and you've got some serious food coma. This is a great find!
Great Food, but get there early to avoid the wait.A friend a mine also a Yelper told me about this place. So last year when we were walking around in Clement and saw their sign we went in for dinner. Our first reaction was "WOW" this is really realy good!!The Place:****small, but cozy, they open at 5pm for dinner. GET THERE EARLY! First time we got there at 5pm there was no wait. The second we were there at 7 we had to wait 40 mins. Once you taste the food you'll forgot how long you waitedThe Food: ******Everything is really good. Some of the dishes are tend to be on the spicy side like the Vegetarian Samusa Soup .The salad were outstanding we had :Tea Leaf Salad, The Rainbow salad, For Entree I love the following two dishes  Beef Stew with Pumpkin, Classic Burmese Chicken Cassrole with Cardamon cinnamon Rice. They are so good I would put it on my last deal list:Overall Exprerience: *****I love this place, everything is tasty. I want to keep going back and try everything on the menu. Perhap this is a good place to go with group of friends the first time so you can sample everything.  The only very small complain is their drinks: Tea, Lemonade are nothing special. This would make my top ten place to eat in SF.
Not that this place needs another Yelp review, but...here goes! I've been hearing about this place for years and decided to finally hit it up (trying to cross as many things off my list before I leave SF). I'd heard about the horrendous lines, so we called at 6:45 to put our names down on the list (for three) thinking we'd get a table by 7:30. Well they called at like 7:05 with a table but we weren't even there yet. I got there at 7:25 and probably got seated between 8:20-8:30. I was kind of annoyed at the wait, esp since it was cold outside but you could walk around or go to the cafe across the street. The hostess was nice and apologetic, and managed the crowd and list the best she could, but there were a couple of shady incidences of people getting seated who weren't on the list and another party of three got seated before us even though we were earlier on the list.Anyway, on to the food. We, of course, had to order the tea leaf salad. We also ordered the chili lamb and the Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry). We also went a bit overboard on the drinks and got tea, mango/coconut drink, and also fresh coconut water. All the drinks were good, the mango/coconut was a bit too sweet for me but still good. The coconut water actually arrives IN a coconut!! After you're done with the water they cut it up and give you spoons to eat the insides! Totally reminded me of trips back to the motherland. Tea leaf salad - I was pretty disappointed after hearing all the hype about it. Good, but not great. Chili lamb was pretty fantastic, and we had it with some coconut rice. The Bun Tay Kauswer was pretty damn close to what our moms make at home, so it got a thumbs up from us. We definitely had to add chili pepper flakes to the two entrees, as they weren't spicy enough for our (pakistani and indian) palates. Overall, pretty good food. I'd come here again, but only if I wasn't starving and had enough patience to wait for a table. Oh yeah, and the tab for each of us was $20, including tax and tip!
I REALLY wanted to like place. I really did. I have read so many great reviews saying that it was better than (my fave place) Mandalay. So I ordered takeout. I ordered some noodles which I had no idea what they were called because the Nan Pia Dok can't be ordered vegetarian anymore. I also got the samosa soup and my gf got the tofu tower. Compared to the mandalay special the noodles were pretty dull. The samosa soup was really good and different from anything that I've tasted. Now on the tofu tower, they packaged the dish in a flimsy paper box that just leaked all over the place. Why pack something w/ so much sauce in a paper box?! I just dont get it. The tofu was really soggy and the flavors were not that great.truly a disappointment but I feel better now that I wont be cheating on Mandalay anymore.
A friend and I came here for lunch and found a table quickly even though it was right around noon. As soon as we entered I heard a guy at the next table make mention of my Yelp shirt. I waved and told him he could read my review in a couple of hours (I think I'm right on time).Benjamin let me order for both of us. He was excited by the tea leaf salad at the next table over so we got that, the samusas, the superstar noodles and the dried fried string beans. I also had a Thai iced tea.The food was immaculate and my expectations, after reading so much about Burma SuperStar, were high. Why have I waited so long to come here? I love the mingling of the spicy, sour, sweet and savory flavors. As has been said before, this is very unique food.Judging from the number of reviews here, I feel like I'm the last person in the city to eat here (and so totally late to the party). Regardless, I absolutely loved it and can't wait to go back for more. I'm also pleased that the restaurant seems so accommodating to vegetarians while also serving a lot of meat dishes. Thus, there's something for everyone!UPDATE:The meal you want to have here is LUNCH, preferably during the week. In my multiple lunches here, there has never been a wait for lunch during the week and service is always top-notch.I accidentally left my muffin tin (a prize possession of mine) under my chair one day at lunch. They kept it for me for over a week stashed away in a cupboard!
3 words: TEA LEAF SALAD...........I think I'd eat it out of the dumpster.
Burma StuperStar just became one of my favorite Asian restaurants to pick up and take home--and not because I was so hungry I could have eaten a cow. Trust me, I could never eat a cow. No, this place scores high marks with me because their food is the perfect fusion food to seek out when you're in a culinary rut. It's just what the doctor ordered to cure those food blues. (In fact, the doctor did order it.)  For a combo that will heal your spirits and end your hunger, try the coconut rice and mango shrimp, both sublime and exotic. Add the lettuce rolls with pork, and you've just feng shui-ed your palate and said farewell to your food funk.
There were people waiting outside waiting to get a seat, but luckily i called in earlier to see if they took reservations. The lady said they don't take reservations but would put my name down and it would take about an hour. When arriving we had to wait a little longer since the party had not finished their meal, the host said that she would call us once our seat was available, so we decided to go across the street to kill some time walking around the japanese market/crepe store. When we sat, i wasnt sure what to order, my friend had already gone here and she knew of some dishes that were yummie, which were the rainbow and tea salad, and the lamb curry. i didnt know which to choose..the tea salad or the rainbow salad....so i had both =) if i was to choose, i would say the tea salad is the winner in my book! Both salads are tossed table side with a brief description of what type of ingredients are inside. Aside from eating two salads we also had the samusa soup which could be a meal itself, it was very hearty and filling. That may be the reason why i wasn't able to eat much of the chicken garlic noodle and lamb curry which were just ok. I highly recommend this place, but encourage anyone that plans to go, that they call ahead so they may not have to stay in line in the cold longer than they have to.
Good, but not sure if it's worth the hype! It's def a popular spot - busy (it seems) every night of the week. I went on a Wed night at 8pm, and still had to wait about 45 min! Anyhow, we waited to see what it's all about.Food was good. Had the Tea Leaf Salad which was super tasty. The fermented tea leaves were awesome - never had that on a salad. We also had a noodle dish and a pork curry. Now both were good, but not great. Tasty, but not 5 stars tasty. Should you try this spot? For sure, but I think it might be more hype and the fact that you've never tried Burmese food before that makes this place so popular. Good, but don't think I'll go back and wait 45-min again for a table. Plenty of other good restaurants out there.
Tea Leaf Salad and samusa soup are amazing. The ginger beer is great on a summer day.
This is not the best Burma restaurant in San Francisco, very friendly staff though.
We made the unfortunate mistake of putting our name on the next page, instead of the next column, so we ended up waiting twice as long as necessary - about 1.5 hours. I was so hungry and ready to knock it down a star or two. Until I had this mindblowing meal.Maybe we got lucky in our choices, but this was truly a meal to remember. The highlights:Samosa soup: F-ing mindblowing. Unlike any soup we'd ever had.Samosas: F-ing mindblowing. By far the best samosas we've ever had - and we eat a lot if Indian in this town.Tea Leaf Salad: Almost mindblowing. Crunchy and nutty and tangy and delicious.Coconut rice: Amazing. Order with any and every dish.Nan Pia Dok (noodles): F-ing mindblowing. Noodles from another universe - seriously redefined how to use cilantro and lemongrass in a pasta dish. (A supreme recommendation by the waiter.)We also tried the Pumpkin Pork Stew and Burmese Style Curry with lamb. Both were fantastic. Delicious. I was angry at my stomach for being so full at the end of the meal.I hope other people who wait it out can enjoy the same kind of meal. Truly sensational.
Eh....It was alright. I don't think it's "food network" quality... but I'm pretty sure Anthony Bordain wasn't the one who reviewed it. It's also not worth the wait. They must be really money hungry because they jam people in there, I could barely get into my seat, and I'm not a hefty lady.. no sir.Anyway, I had the tea salad or whatever, soup that was basically watered down curry, and the really spicy lamb. It's incredibly heavy food.. in flavor, mostly. Your sodium levels definitely go through the roof. The rice should be free because you need to balance these flavors out.The tea leaf salad was... meh... I could make a salad with 30 ingredients maybe then I can sell it for 9 dollars a plate too. What I didn't like about this "salad" is that it didn't have much salad IN it. It was mostly nuts and stuff. The fermented tea leaves were... nothing special. If you're asian and you've had tea eggs.. it's nothing new. The soup... Samusa soup was watered down curry with weird crap in it. I guess it's about the texture and no longer about the overall flavor? Not bad, but not that great. The spicy lamb... SPICY. And of course had that funky lamb smell. Good flavor though I like the spices.Whatever, here's the conclusion: halfway through the meal I felt nauseous and wanted to throw up all over the place. Too many flavors make your stomach churn like hell. You know... don' t think Burmese people really eat this. hahahah
I FINALLY went to this restaurant on a dinner date with a boy and it was superb.The wait was hellacious, but then again, thanks to Yelp I already knew that. Plus, my ingenious date had planned for it and timed it so that we had our names on the list ahead of time and he could cart my hungry ass as they called.We ordered the pumpkin pork stew, the basil beef, and the rainbow salad along with the coconut rice.OMG.Heaven.I was taken in by the flavors and the smells and the textures of all of the food we consumed that day and can't say how yummmy it was.The service was quick and efficient and attentive.I think if I had to go back though, I may swing a take out moment because as much as I love to see and be seen, it makes it tough when you're sitting on your neighbors lap.(Which seems to be the theme at many a popular eatery in SF). What do I mean? I mean it's small kids, and if you're thinking of bringing a group? Think again.
You had me at fried garlic. Tea leaf salad. Crunchy nutty tangy spicy unique and yummy. On weekday around 2pm not crowded at all, great service. Such a comfortable dining room behind the maroon curtain, you'd never know chaotic Clement St. was out there.
The first time I went to this place, it was a disaster. I had been hearing about it from lots of people over the years, so my boyfriend and I finally hauled our asses over there to see what all the fuss is about. We put our names on the list and were told to come back in an hour. We had a few beers down the street, and when we came back, the number of our party had been changed from 2 to 6. I don't know how this happened, but we didn't notice until half an hour after we had returned from down the street. We ended up waiting for 2 hours and 30 minutes and we were so hungry by the time we were seated that we would have eaten anything. I don't even remember what we ordered that time, but it wasn't worth the ridiculous wait. We decided to come back again on a weekday for lunch when it wasn't so crowded.We finally got back there a few months later and were seated almost immediately. The food was delicious. We ordered the samosa soup, tealeaf salad, tons of coconut rice, and the special burmese curry and beef. Next time I'll switch out the curry, but the meal was sooo good.  I can't wait to go back and try the other salads. If I could eat samosa soup every day, I totally would. I suggest coming here on an off-day during lunch unless you want to wait forever. Also, make sure to keep an eye on your name so you don't get jacked a seat!
I was surprised how busy this joint was on a rainy Sunday Afternoon - this place was recommended to me and my hubby from his friend so when in rome........the wait was worth it since i was an out of towner. I really loved the Tea Leaf Salad! It was so fresh tasting, must be because there was not really any dressing - what gave the flavor was the tea leafs and the squeeze of lemon. It was interesting how its served too....all the ingredients are assembled on the plate and the server squeezes lemon and tosses it tableside. The hubby got a curry dish, but to me curry is curry - so I couldn't say anything else about that.I got the See Jyet Kauswer which are Garlic Noodles with choice of duck or pork....i chose duck. I wanted to order more dishes to try, but was not willing to pay up :( Overall, the Tea Leaf salad was BOMB. I give the full five stars because I would definitely go back. For being as busy as they were, the servers always checked on us and were prompt. Even though we had to wait an hour, I got to take a stroll down clement street which is full of mom and pop shops. There was an awsome book store called Green Apple Books where we killed time during the wait.
There is definitely too much hype about this place. It took me and my friend 2 hours to be seated. I am not upset by the time because I was expecting it after reading the reviews from yelp. We had a good time walking around the neighborhood and checking out the stores. When we finally did get inside the service was good - they were helpful in recommending and narrowing down items my friend would be interested in. The actual taste of the food was just meh...It was alright but nothing to rave about. I went to Pagan which is further down Clement going towards the ocean and their food was so much better - especially their tea leaf salad. I would definitely recommend Pagan over Burma superstar.So the reason for two stars...The long ass wait. For a 2 hour wait i dont want some food that is not the best of its class and when compared to Pagan it is pricier and mediocre. If this was a place where the wait was not as long I would have gave it three for the food. 3.5 because of the service. FYI - my back was against the wall and my friend told me there was a small roach crawling up the wall behind. Now I have a HUGE fear of these guys so I refused to look. It would have just grossed me out and I would have be uncomfortable the whole night. Plus, I wasnt about to have my appetite and time wasted after waiting that long. i didnt see it so I cannot confirm but my friend is not the type to make that up considering my phobia.
DELICIOUS! I knew right from the smell of the place that I was going to be in heaven! It was absolutely fantastic and I can't wait to go back and try some more foods. We had the lamb curry and Ochazuke (salmon, poached egg, seaweed, rice - all covered in green tea). The lamb curry was fantastic - the Ochazuke was good too, I guess you just have to be willing to try something new. Also, that rainbow salad was absolutely delicious - might have to be something I get every time I go. And the veggie samusas - yum. Try it out. Definitely a fan.
I had a strange experience here last night. Because it is so freaking popular there are so many people waiting outside that seem really pretty angry and resentful.I actually witnessed a wrestling match when a table of 6 or so left the restaurant and the group that were waiting for that table decided to start a fight with them. It was so bizarre! This is just food right? Not crack? Am I missing something? Where is the dignity?Beyond the fight and weirdness with that the food was just kind of ok. Truth be told, I actually had some stomach issues afterward and didn't feel so hot.The service is just kind of ok too because they are so busy. They pile the food on your table to get you in and out quickly. I didn't get a refill on my water or drink or any one that asked if I wanted a refill.I think perhaps there is hype surrounding this place because many people haven't yet tried Burmese food before so it is a bit of a novelty. Plus, when you wait in line for a long ass time you start to really appreciate your food when you're inside. We called to get our name on the list around 8 or so and were told there was an hour and a half wait. We showed up in the Richmond around then and still had to wait over half an hour...I don't know, it is good but it is only worth 3 stars for now...
Amazingly, we got a seat as soon as we got in on a weekday lunch. I am pretty sure it was the last seat, but I'm glad we got a seat. The food was expensive, but overall it was worth it. I got probably the spiciest thing (Mint Chicken) on the menu, and it was very spicy. It had two kinds of peppers and our other item was the shrimp curry which was also excellent. I'd go back there again.
they ain't kidding. the tea leaf salad really is a "party in my mouth"mandalay bay is also good when the crowds get too heavy here. Don't underestimate it.
I feel as if writing that Burma Superstar is great is kind of obvious.Some basics to know:Waiting is guaranteed. When they open at 5 (?) there is already a line. The good news? They do take-out.There is a mini version called BStar down the street where you can get apps or drinks while you wait. You may very well end up eating there, as the menu is similar. They have a pretty inventive breakfast menu.Some things I have tried that I'd recommend to friends:Lettuce CupsMu Shu Vegetable WrapsSalt and Pepper CalamariTea Leaf Salad - very interesting, worth trying, a very well known dish.Oh Noh Kauswer Citrus Chicken - Worth trying.Wok Tossed Broccoli Firey Veggies with Tofu Worth the wait. Every time. Unless you can do take-out.
I'd heard good things, so I decided to give it a try. Wait was an hour, but you can leave your phone number and Green Apple Books is just a block and a half away, so the hour passed quickly. Sat down and was waited on promptly by friendly staff. Water was refilled regularly. Food came out in due time and was very good. Ingredients were fresh, spices were wonderful and well balanced, meat was nice and tender. This was food made with love. We enjoyed our meal (two entrees and rice was plenty) and were out with a tab of $18 each, including tax and tip.The hype, in this case, is justified. Expect to wait.
Really good food, I'm just not sure it is worth the wait, hence the lower star rating. They don't take reservations so get there early and make plans for a drink in the area.The Tea Leaf Salad is amazing, a very unique, different flavor. I'd give it 5 stars alone. I highly recommend it. The Rainbow Salad is good, but I wasn't as impressed. The Samusa Soup is tasty and just what the name says - samusas in a soup. A good spice to it. I also really enjoyed the Lettuce Cup, a hash that you spoon into a lettuce leaf. You can skip their ginger lemon beer concoction. I forgot what they call it but I wasn't a fan.I think their sister restaurant down the street B Star is a better choice. It has a comparable menu is a slightly more formal setting, and they take reservations so you don't have to wait.
Of the times that I've eaten here, tonight was the first time that I actually "ate" here. Why? Because all my past visits consisted of having to wait in line for so long that I was famished by the time we were seated so the food gets wolfed down--completely bypassing my tongue and straight into the stomach. Today, at 6:30pm on a Tuesday, I did not have to wait. We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Nian Pia Dok (curry noodles with chicken), and the Fiery Chicken with Tofu. The tea leaf salad comes out with its ingredients separated on a plate, and the server will mix up the salad for you on the spot. I thought it was good with different textures in the salad, but I think i prefer the rainbow salad more. The noodles also were "mixed" by our server on the spot, and I think that was my favorite dish of the night. The coconut curry sauce was not overwhelming as curry sometimes tends to be, but was instead smooth and just rich enough. We paired the Fiery Chicken with coconut rice, and it made a huge difference. As the bf explained at dinner, not every dish can/should be paired with coconut rice, but I'm glad this dish could. I found the dish to be a bit too salty and will not include this on my list of recommends. Being able to taste and enjoy the food (vs. shoving whatever i could get my hand on into my very empty stomach) makes all the difference. I found my opinion of Burma SuperStar to be more favorable after today, but it doesn't take away from the fact that the menu remains hit or miss. This is not one of those restaurants where every item on the menu is delicious. As the BF puts it, you have to know which dishes are the winners at this restaurant and not go off that path. How many stars make a "superstar?" I'm assuming 5 on a yelp scale. Burma is not quite there yet for me, but pick from the reliable crowd favorites and it just might do it for you.
I'm sure you've read a lot of reviews that start with "I wanted to like this place..." that is a lame way to start a review and does not apply to my thoughts on Burma Superstar. First of all, what kind of cheap-o Americanized name is that anyway? I wanted to hate this place. Why? Because I'm a Mandalay loyal, that's why! And now I get to exaplain why Mandalay still rocks my socks way more than Burma *Superstar* (puh-leez). I realize that my review won't affect business much, or even your opinion probably, as there are tons of great reviews for this place, but still, here goes....The wait (as you all know) is hideous, but you can go to the Cafe Denube across the street and have some tea while you wait (you can have a whole dinner in that time actually) and they'll call you when they are ready. There is always a line here, so you must think it's excellent? It mostly is, but the space is so tiny, that the line exaggerates the hype. (smart business idea?) The samusas are actually better than at mandaly, I'll give them that. Everything we ordered was good actually (tea leaf salad, chichen dahl, some kind of beef) and they had a drink resembling a mojito w/ lychee. Our server was very friendly too. Ambiance is almost non-existant. This would have been a 4 star experience and I would have swallowed my pride, but then I came again. This time I decided to oder take-out, being the smart girl that I pretend to be sometimes. It took only 20 mins! That was very speedy and I felt like such a cool-kid walking out of that cramped little place and passed the hungry line with my bag full of goodies. I won't even mention that it took me 5 minutes to get the waiters attention. Oops did I just.... Anyway, once I was ready to present my feast, I realized it was more of a snack. The shrimp dish was 10 little pathetic shrimp, my specifically chicken samusas were vegetarian, and the other dishes were most likely correct, but didn't even fill the little take out boxes (not the short, rectangular ones, but the little ones with the handles)! The portions were seriously a couple of tablespoons worth. A fluke? maybe. Mandalay 10000 pts (see my review for reasons)Burma Superstar .5
The wait and ambiance was on par to expectations. Thankfully our dining companions were there to put our names on the list and we managed to beat the crowd. The food was decent but definitely not up to the exultingly high standards that the over 2000 Yelp reviews would lead me to believe. The Burma cooler was oddly sharp and not at all what I was expecting when I read the description. The combo reminded me of cough syrup, only less sweet and more gingery. Bleh. The lychee mojito however was a huge hit! Nice hunks of mint and fruit all muddled together in a sweet little concoction. We tried the tea leaf salad, the samosa soup, sesame beef, yellow curry noodles, lamb curry, chili shrimp, coconut rice, and the bread. All were satisfactory but coconut rice, noodles, and bread were by far the highlights. Good thing our friends were good sports. We all had a great time trying new things and overall it was wonderful night despite our high expectations. Bottom line is this: The service was efficient and friendly, but I wouldn't wait in line for an hour to dine here again. The food just isn't worth spending an excessive amount of time standing in the cold Richmond air. I'd save myself some time and fill my belly at Mandalay around the corner.
Oh, how I love this place! I've been here several times and it is worth braving the long wait. The tea leaf salad is so amazingly flavorful and the samosa soup is superb. In terms of main dishes, they have all been good...but I relish the salads/soups here more than anything else.Be prepared to wait 1-2 hours at least. BUT, they will take your cell phone number and call you when your table is ready. Don't stand around outside waiting...I like to go to the Rock It Room across the street and have a few beers/play a game of pool while waiting.
pretty good. been there a dozen or so times, and almost always leave satisfied. might be a bit hyped up. to me, the food is a cross between thai, chinese, and vietnamese.service is good. the wait is usually long unless you go later.the biggest table they have is for 12 people. if you are a big group, show up right as they open.
Sooo many reviews! Long story short, BSS is great, the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad are fairly authentic, and most of the food is an honest twist on Burmese/Malay/Thai food, but I still personally think Mingalaba in Burlingame is far better and more authentic. Burmese food is truly unique, and I found that BSS used a little leeway to make it more western/Thai, and it still tastes excellent. Just don't be fooled into thinking this is straight up Burmese style cuisine.
i finally got a chance to try burma superstar this week. i really wanted to try b-star since i've been hearing rave reviews about it, but yelp said they were closed on mondays when they were actually open. burma superstar already had a waiting list at 6:30 pm for dinner! i would recommend putting your name down and walking around the area instead of sitting in the blistering cold.we ordered a lot of food for just the two of us. i had a hard time deciding whether to try their rainbow salad or their infamous tea leaf salad. i ended up going with the rainbow salad and it had a great variety of noodles and flavor, but it needed something spicy to give it some zing.the samosas were good, there were 6 in a order which was more than enough for two people. the garlic noodles with duck had good flavor but i wish they used thinner noodles or a different texture and had more pungent garlic flavor.  the fiery chicken and tofu was excellent with the coconut rice which had a lot of flavor.i would definitely come back here again to try all their different dishes!
My first Burmese experience and man it was awesome. Super yummy food. Delicious Leece Sangria. The nicest servers. They even gave us a taste of their staff meal. Can't wait to go back.
Amazing food and great atmosphere. You come here with your friends to eat and enjoy. Get the Samosa soup, Green Tea Salad, Tofu Tower, and any meat dish and you should be good to go. They don't take reservations, but get there, put your name in, and then go around the corner to the bar, get a couple drinks while you await to eat an amazing dinner. It's all worth it, I promise.
I came to Burma SuperStar for a small birthday dinner and as Nicole C. mentioned, I too was super excited to try their Tea Leaf Salad. Aside from the fact that the servers mix your salad at the table and that the salad has a lot of great crunchy texture from the various nuts and fried garlic, I wasn't blown away. As for the rest of dinner, I found that the dishes I tried had similar flavor profiles to other ethnic dishes I've had before (esp. bc Burma borders many Asian countries). With that, I thought their veggie samusa soup was AMAZING and somewhat reminded me of mex tortilla soup (not quite asian) from sf soup company! However, burma definitely takes their soup to the next level as the soup is thick, intensely flavored and includes all kinds of chunky stuff to spoon in your mouth. Their coconut rice is fluffy and definitely absorbs all that coconut flavor that it gets cooked in. Very heavenly like. The rice reminded me a filipino sticky rice dessert called biko, also cooked in coconut milk. I tried nan gyi dok (curry noodles) and fiery tofu with beef. I'm not a big curry fan but the curry flavor from the noodle dish was perfect for my palate. The beef in the fiery tofu dish was soooo tasty and tender, and the green beans were cooked perfectly. These two dishes definitely reminded me of thai food.Overall, I was pretty satisfied with dinner but I think portions could definitely be a bit larger here considering prices. I came here on a weeknight about an hour after they opened and while my party didn't have to wait for a seat, we definitely had trouble finding parking. Service here is great, they make the effort to give suggestions if you're not settled on your order and they re-fill your water often.
Delicious. The fresh made tofu with ginger is so delicate and sweet, you could have it for dessert. I also very much enjoyed just the simple broccoli sidedish that was packed with flavor and infused oil.The samosas are outstanding.
I went there like a year ago. Got the tea leaf salad, tofu kebat and coconut soup with sangria. i really enjoyed the food, except the kebat made my tummy hurt and i had major acidity issues. after a 6 mile bike ride, i rode 20 blocks down clement st and waiting 40 minute to catch the last leg of lunch at burmasuperstar. tea leaf salad (PHENOM), rainbow salad (DELIC), wok tossed broccoli ( LOVED IT) and the curry (OK). I'd say the curry was the least impressive (it was veg), it tasted like indian food and didn't really blow me away. I was more into the tasty but simply cooked broccoli for sure. I think the best part was that I didn't feel a lump in my belly, I could still ride my bike home. I wanna try B Star now.
I would give this place 4 1/4 stars if I could, just because of their Tea Leaf Salad. It definitely isn't your typical salad and I love all the components. The flavor and texture was great. I am actually a Carnivore and even I like this salad. So this must tell you something. For the full review and pictures check out my site kats9lives.com/2008/05/eMy sister and I ended up trying out a bunch of dishes. They were all solid, but nothing out of the ordinary that you can't get anywhere else. The best thing is the salad. I would definitely go back for that. The Chili Garlic Shrimp was good and not spicy at all, but very garlicky. It's something very easy to make, but they did a good job. I actually really liked the Coconut Jasmine Rice because it really complimented the dishes. The prices were very reasonable for SF. Be sure to go early to avoid the wait or if you're not willing to wait I would just order take out. It gets crowded very quickly and the volume level sky rockets. I am glad I tried this place out. Definitely get the salad! ^_^
The hype is true.Jennifer and I had the fermented tea leaf salad, the pumpkin shrimp and the spicy tofu. all incredible. The tofu had this extra sweetness in it... think it was molasses or something. Very interesting and different flavor combinations.Am really curious about their new B*Star down the street.
So, I wrote this to my sister in an email and she asked me to post it here, so here it is.I saw it [dead raccoon by the side of the road] on the way to the airport. I'm just as fascinated. Its aHUUUUGE raccoon.We had the tea leaf salad; samusa soup; a vegetarian noodle dish; atofu dish; and a catfish curry. All in all, I liked it, but I wasn'tblown away. The tea leaf salad was very meh. Totally underwhelming,given what all the reviews said about it. You couldn't taste any tealeaf, and the salad was mostly romaine lettuce. The samusa soup waspretty tasty. Different beans, lentils, in a curry based soup, withsome fried dough (falafel) thrown in. I think the best dish was thecatfish curry, but you know how much I like catfish. Fresh catfish,the curry it was in was a spicy red curry, but it was definitely onthe salty side. The two other dishes were ok. Nothing special at all.I think part of the problem was we didn't order together well;everyone kind of ordered their own dish without much thought about howthey would work together. Plus, we had a vegan and a pescetarian withus. It was family style with four people, so we didn't get to trymuch. And, the three dishes (noodles, tofu, curry) all had the samebase. Burmese seems to be a mix of Indian and Chinese, and I'd saythat's about right. Not many Thai or Viet elements, if any. Nolemongrass, no cilantro. Definitely, heavier, saucier and on the sweetside. Nothing mind-blowing. Very one dimensional flavors. After eatinghere, I'm starting to see how SF people can think they're sooooooocool just because they've tried something new, without understandingthat they're still getting what's probably a white-washed version ofthe real thing. Just because its new or different doesn't mean itsgood. I should open a restaurant selling raccoon mole tacos and thenretire rich.The good thing about it, you can call up ahead and get your name onthe list. There's also the sister restaurant down the street. I'd giveit a shot, try it, maybe get some recommendations from some Burmesefriends. They do list ingredients on the menu, so you should be ableto try a bunch of different flavors.
Went for the first time here the other day. Of course, just like the reviews say, it was amazing. The Samosa soup... mmmm.... garlic noodles with duck... mmm.... we also ordered another noodle dish (cant remember the name) but it was the best thing we ordered! The service was great. There is always a wait here, but If you go prepared to wait at least 20 minutes, then you won't be disappointed by it. Also- you can pop next door to Quickly and grab a hot or cold (depending on the weather) Thai ice tea with the tapioca balls in it while you wait! Its great!
This place is good, however, because of the hype, I was expecting a 5 star experience, and I have to say, it was not.We tried the tea leaf salad (good, but not something I would crave), the samosas (also good, but I've had better), and the chili garlic shrimp (bitter and the shrimp didn't taste fresh). The one thing I really liked was a Burmese beef dish over coconut rice (can't remember the exact name of it).In the end, I think that if I was craving food from that part of the world, I'd rather go to a great Thai or Indian restaurant."
I love the tea leaf salad and the lamb curry. When I'm in San Fran I try to come to this place - maybe for the nostalgia ( I use to live in San Fran) and definitely for the food. The coconut rice wasn't bad either. I love the young coconut drink - they have you drink the juice then when you're done they open the coconut so you can scrape the meat.
Ridiculously pointless writing this, given the number of reviews this place has already. But necessary, since this was my first dinner after returning to the bay area after two years, and the experience defined perfection. We called ahead, arrived late in anticipation of the wait time doubling, got our table soon after. Food arrived super fast, and every dish (and I mean EVERY dish) was outrageously good. Tea leaf salad? Obviously. Samusa soup? Of course. Chili lamb and tofu vegetable kebat? Wow-wow-wee-wa! And some cold gingery beer to wash it all down. Oh right, completely forgot. Pratas were greasy. But that's an easily forgotten minor detail.
Trust everyone who has rated this place. It's awesome. Don't be intimidated by the wait at 5. I was, and I got seated promptly. The food is delicious and the service is friendly and fast. Prices are very fair for the quality of food. I'm going back.
Not much else to add here. I think the delicious Rainbow Salad is yummier than the scrumptious Tea Leaf Salad. I can never decide.That's why I always get both :)
Very good food, had the tea leaf salad, samosas, pumpkin curry...all suggested by yelp and all good. Complaints on the wait, lack of reservations and it is loud and cramped inside, though well-decorated.Still gets 4 stars because the food is so good and cheap!
There are enough reviews here--I will keep this short.The Tea Leaf Salad was heaven. It's that good, I will now crave this dish indefinitely. The Samosa Soup was also very good.The coconut-noodle-whatever dish was decent but not up to par with the rest of the experience.Do note the very long wait times. Spend your wait at the coffee shop across the street. I get the feeling 50% of their business depends on Superstar! The service was quite acceptable for the price point.Still, highly recommended.
Good, but it was nothing special and I'm not quite sure what the hype is all about. My husband enjoyed it much more than I did and said he would come back and try other things on the menu. IMHO it's definitely not buzz worthy.
My favorite restaurant in the Inner Richmond and the best Burmese food I've ever had! My personal must-haves here:- tea leaf salad- Nan Gyi Dok- Garlic Chilli ShrimpMake sure to call ahead to get your name on the waitlist so you don't have to wait forever in line.P.S. Try to save room for dessert....Grab a delicious crepe from Genki across the street!
I am fortunate to be introduced to this place 2 weeks after moving to SF. I am fortunate to know Priscilla when she was working here. And fortunate never having to wait more than 15 mins. Lastly, I am fortunate to have tried everything on the menu -- this is rare since I'm a creature of habit. I believe this restaurant embodies what fusion is all about. This restaurant is simply the product of a conference held by the Asian countries on how to harmonize their flavors. Okay, maybe because the country borders five other countries. And nothing has disappointed me. Perhaps my palate isn't as sophisticated as I would like it to be. But any meal that smothers my soul into happiness really doesn't need a fine palate -- just a waistline that is willing to extend horizontally. Regardless, my suggestion has yet to disappoint friends, families and strangers. The only other hit is Little Star Pizza.It's true, the wait does extend beyond a restaurant's standard duration, but save yourself the complaints and cross Clement to chill at Blue Danube. They'll call you and you'll cross the street, sit down and begin to order. Downside: they'll make it a point to rush you if you take your sweet time - it's just that the other 50 people waiting out in the cold would like the chance to eat also. So be mindful of other patrons.
Haven't been to Burma Superstar in a bit but every time I've been there (my office chums and I used to go there for office outings) the food has been outstanding, interesting, flavorful, and on and on. A fun and flavorful dining experience.
I wish I lived in the city JUST so I could go to Burma Superstar every single day for lunch/dinner! In fact, I may move to the Richmond District for this restaurant alone. Yes, that is how awesome Burma Superstar is!!! When you go, you MUST order:1) The tea leaf salad2) The Samusa Soup3) Sesame ChickenThese three dishes will change your life, trust me! Service here is also great. I don't know what the other reviewers who say service is "just okay" are talking about. Learn to be a bit more patient and just enjoy your dinner date's company, won't you? Enjoy the mom and pop atmosphere and while you're at it, order a refreshing thai iced tea! :) 5 stars for sure!!!!
Don't be disappointed if you go on a weekend night, there is often (or maybe always) a long wait. (I've heard you should just go to their other place, "B Star" of that's the case, a block or two away.)  Today i went during the day, no wait, friendly service, and the food came out fast as well. No wait for the check, no wait for anything.  had the Sesame Beef (I know, kind of boring selection but I was in the mood for it since I had crappy Sesame beef somewhere else a while back and had to "fix" it.) I did really enjoy it, so that issue of fixed! (And I got coconut rice with it instead of fried rice and that was very good too.) My friend and I also shared the Tea Leaf Salad, which was very good and interesting, has some sort of green tea powder or paste in it, peanuts, a little bit of dried shrimp, some other things that I can't quite remember. . but the waiter was right, it has a lot of flavor and texture. Texture's a good thing. .  I had nice tea called "monkey" something (described as having flavors of autumn and chocolate? something like that), and my friend had a ginger lemonade.
Amazing!...everything was fantastic...definitely try a burma cooler, the soup, and the pumpkin curry...AMAZING!!!! Will definitely be back!
This is one of my favorite casual family style restaurants in SF! There is enough variety for numerous visits whether as a couple or group ~ it's fun and festive all in one spot on busy Clement.We started with the Burmese Samusas (triangular savory pastry with your choice of chicken or vegetarian) and the Tea Leaf Salad (imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, shrimp-if served vegetarian, the shrimp is omitted, fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts and split yellow peas). The samusas came piping hot with a side of the house special red sauce for dipping. This visit we chose the vegetarian version and it was delicious with or without the red sauce. Our server described each item on the Tea Leaf Salad and when he was done, he proceeded to mix all ingredients together. The combined flavors of the Tea Leaf Salad provided a fresh and tasty compliment after the samusas thus preparing us for the main entrees.The coconut rice came out first followed by the Burmese Style Curry (choice of beef or lamb ~ this visit we tried beef), the Burmese Green Beans (if Chinese long beans are available, ask for that instead ~ today we had regular green beans sauted and favored with chili oil and garlic sauce) and the Nan Pia Dok (Coconut curry with flat flour noodles, split yellow peas, cabbage and chilis-choice of chicken or vegetarian, we tried chicken this time around).The coconut rice was a nice foil against the spiciness of our dishes! Our Burmese Curry beef was so fork tender and came with a generous helping of sauce and potatoes. The Burmese green beans cooked in chili oil with garlic sauce was very flavorful for a vegetable dish that I could eat this with the rice alone..it was that delicious! The coconut curry chicken dish with the flat flour noodles could make a nice luncheon item split between two people or as we had for dinner, another entree item to share between three people.The ambiance in this small dining room is that of folks who enjoy what they are eating and each other's company. It is evident by the large number of folks who cluster outside waiting to get in! They do not accept reservations so take note! Credit cards are accepted....One star off due to smallness of this very popular restaurant...wish it were larger! Five stars for the delectable food served and great service as well.I'm looking forward to another visit to this lovely spot on Clement!
Wow. Obviously I am not alone in my joy of this restaurant, but I had to chime in b/c of how amazing the experience was. I went here on Sunday afternoon, not much of a wait at all. Samosa Soup (delish) where the servers split for your table, tea leaf salad (incredible nutty delight), coconut rice (how do they do that?!), Mint Chicken (spicy = spicy!), Vegetarian Shan Noodles (spicy, perfect), and vegetable curry delux (including pumpkin!) was our order. If you are in the SF area, you must make it a point to eat here. Favorite dish is hard to pick, but I would say the tea leaf salad & the veggie curry delux were the highest of the high notes. Once we had sufficiently gorged ourselves on the insane cuisine, packed our left overs to go (large portion sizes), we were then treated w/home made peanut butter cups?! Yes please! Did not think I could eat another bite, but sure glad I did. Burma SuperStar, THANK YOU! Wonderful Service throughout.
When I first moved to the city from the South Bay, I was obsessed with Indian and Thai food. Both cuisines had the best veggie and meat dishes with the right amount of spices and equally delicious in its own way.As I picked my way through all the Indian and Thai restaurants, I stumbled upon Burma Super Star...Hot Damn! I know this is Burmese, neither Indian or Thai. But, this place is the combination of all those flavors I love and even better. My favorites...Burmese Samusas, Tea Leaf Salad, Mango Salad, Poodi (potato curry), pumpkin shrimp, fire chicken with tofu, lemon grass salmon, and coconut rice. As a matter of fact, these are all the dishes that I've tried and none of them failed me!The only bad thing about this place are the crowds. The line is always out the door and sometimes you can wait longer than an hour. Seriously! But, they have a good paging system. You write down your name and cell number and then you are free to wander the stores on Clement. When your table is almost ready they ring you up on your cell. I usually find myself browsing books at Green Apple Books, which is 2 blocks away. Before I know it, my cell phone is ringing. :-)
I'll only go here if its a day that I can meet someone before 6:30 to avoid hours of waits-- long waits make me feel like i'm in new york again, and I refuse, but I can't live without this amazingness every now and then. i love it too much.luckily, i can eat in the elderly section between 5 and 6:30 any day of the week! i have more memories of eating in creepy empty restaurants at 5pm where the conversation echoes throughout the room and the wait staff laughs at our jokes than most. but here, its great, I arrive at 6 and its like they've been partying and enjoying an indulgent feast for hours!!just a little coconut rice, veggie curry, samusa soup will keep me satisfied until my next visit.
prepare to wait outside for a bit before you get a table...But in the end it is worth the wait. There is almost always a large crowd waiting to get into Burma Superstar and for good reason....the food. I had avoided this place for a long time just because of the wait but I ended up caving in and loved it. If you don't know anything about Burmese food and a bit afraid to try well this might help simplify it for you. Its a bit of a combination of Thai and Indian as well as maybe Chinese as well. It definitely has those influences at least but does come out as being something quite unique to itself. If you like food that has a bit of a kick(spicy) then you will probably enjoy the food.5 stars definitely for the food. I do have to take away a star just for the mere fact it takes so long to get seated and inside things are cramped. Its not the type of place you can just go to...you have to plan it out and explain to everyone that you go with that there will be a wait.
Friday nights are always chancy. You never know how many people you want to "off" when you've waited nearly 1.5 hours just to get a seat inside this place. One hint of long ass waits is the help wanted sign on the door...that usually means...hell no, you're going to sit yourself down outside and wait like all the other plebians in the cold damp fog.Parking wasn't such a big hassle...you just got to drive further away from Clement and get good walking shoes. Make sure to put your name down on the write-on clipboard, and head on over to Genki Crepes to hang out for awhile.Bevary, Laura L. and I all tried the tea leaf salad (love the crunchy texture and the salty sour flavor...), our favorite by far is the Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry) Flour noodles with a stronger coconut curry sauce, split yellow pea, eggs, cabbage, and fried onions. The coconut curry was spiced just right and creamy enough to savor. The Burmese style beef curry was good with the meat succulent to fall apart in the mouth, although the curry wasn't as good as the coconut one. The Tofu Vegetable Kebat had lots of lucious tomatoes, but was okay. Plating was on the smallish side but anything outside of chinese family style eats, everything looks small.Service is spotty, since I had to give the waiter the eye just to get him to come over to get our order. Water service was good, but only 1 unisex bathroom? At least it was clean and not janky.The decor was nice and the music appropriate, the tables were all crammed in together like cans of tuna, but fun.
I love the food... I've been here a few times and took a few of my good friends here. I always enjoyed the food. However, I am not crazy about the line and the no reservation part. When it is cold and raining, I dont think I'd be in line even if I am craving the tea leaf salad. Great summer spot!
The food was interesting. It wasn't bland neither was it as spicy as Indian food. Somewhere in between. The first place that made my nose water with heat, I normally have a high tolerance for spicy food.
The samusa soup and tea-leaf salad are the highlights of this place for sure, but it is definitely not worth the wait for a second time. The good thing though, is that you can call ahead and put your name down on the list. They are pretty good with that. It took 2 hours for us to get a table on a friday night. I would go back again, if I do not have to wait. Otherwise, i will go to some other restaurant for sure.
Hmmm am I the only one who doesn't love this place? That reminds me of the that time in high school when everyone thought I needed my vision checked because I was the only teenage girl who wasn't swooning over Leonardo DiCaprio for his role in the Titanic. Some friends who were hosting us in San Francisco were DYING to have us try this place, so we agreed, rather reluctantly, especially after hearing about the crazy TWO HOUR WAIT.Well, while I may have needed my vision checked back in high school, judging from the size of my increasing food baby, I don't think I need my taste buds checked now, and this is why:FOOD: Was good. I'll admit that it was tasty. Was it better than what I get at the local Burmese places in LA? Not even close. The tea leaf salad, while flavorful, was quite salty in my opinion and really not as memorable nor as plentiful as the one I had at YoMa Myanmar. Eggplant curry was decent, but it looks like something fairly easy to make at home for much cheaper than what the restaurant charged. Pumpkin curry was rather bland and again looked easy to replicate at home. The highlight of the meal probably was the samusas, which are like a wonderfully light and crispy fusion child of the traditional Chinese egg rolls and the Indian samosas. I will admit I appreciate Burma Superstar's friendliness towards vegetarians - they are very accomodating to those of us who don't eat meat or fish and are willing to adjust the dishes to your dietary preferences. However, that doesn't change the fact that I think this place is mostly sold on hype - and the fact that well, Burmese food isn't easy to come by in the Bay Area.AMBIENCE: Ugh. Small space that's VERY crowded. ALL. THE. TIME. That already kills the meal for me. Add a two-hour wait on top of that, and I'm about ready to eat my boyfriend, AND still expect that whatever the hell I just devoted two hours of my life for better be the best damn meal I've ever had in my life. No, not just a meal, a FOODGASM. Unfortunately, not so with Burma Superstar. Maybe I'll have better luck with Mandalay, its competitor down the street.PRICES: I really didn't see anything in our dinner that warranted over $25 per person. We didn't drink any alkie. Most of the dishes were vegetarian. No one ordered seafood. I mean, it wasn't a total rip off because it was still a good meal, but it wasn't a meal worth what could have bought three meals at another restaurant AND would not have required us to wait for 2 hours on empty stomachs.PARKING: Is just...capital punishment in the Richmond district. I'm sure if there weren't a buncha jay-walking Chinese grandmas in the neighborhood Burma Superstar would have employed a valet service long ago. Come here if you happen to be in the neighborhood and have LOTS, I mean LOTS of time to kill. Otherwise, venture to Mandalay on 6th and California... I plan to do that next.
We've been here many times and always enjoyed our dinner. However, last week our waiter, Collin was exceptionally rude unlike the other waiters at this restaurant. If we return, we'll ask for another waiter.
The people on the door who run the reservations are uber efficient and friendly. The staff are knowledgeable and seem excited about their food, and the food...This is by far the tastiest, most unique Asian food I have had. The tea leaf salad does not sound too tasty, but I would happily eat it every day, oh what the heck, three times a day. Burma SuperStar, Houston is calling.
Amazing food and flavors that I had never experienced before. We ate there twice in our three day stay in SF. Soups are so yummy. Between 3 and 6 seems to be a good time to go to miss the crowds. If there is a wait, they will take your cell number and call you so you can walk around. Go peruse the Green Apple bookstore just down the street. Excellent!Besides the food, I wanted to commend them for saving my expensive sunglasses!! I forgot them at the table and two days later called back and they had them for me! What a relief. We picked them up and had lunch...good day :)
Awesome food. Every single thing that we ate here was absolutely tasty. You have to definitely try the samusa soup, tea leaf salad and the nan gyi dok. Must have items in this restaurant.I did like their burmese shrimp curry.. very tangy n tasty...
excellent food and price. Its crowded and loud.there is a wait, which moves fast, but expect 1 hr on even sunday.
OMG went there today for the first time today! wow seriously wow where have I been and how did I not know about this place?!!??! Got really lucky and there was no wait at 12pm noon on a Sunday. Free Thai tea for people who check into fb/yelp! yay! Ordered the catfish curry, tea leaf salad, coconut rice and a tofu dish. WOw on the tea leaf salad, the combo was so amazing.. I think I could eat that everyday hahahah. wow.. it's as good as it gets.. and yes I will go back there soon again =)
Ed L. below has failed me.My fiance and I found this place to be completely overhyped and ridiculously expensive. Yes, the Nan Gyi Dok and chicken casserole were good. The Nan Gyi Dok in particular had a really interesting flavor, and the chicken was very tasty. BUT the portions were small and it definitely was not worth the price (in terms of portion size and flavor). We also did not understand the obsession with the Rainbow Salad. It was fine - but how can they charge $10.25 for that?? You could go to Kirin - or pretty much any Chinese restaurant within a 15 block radius (I mean, you are in the Richmond district - you pretty much have your pick of good Asian food) - and order a chicken or fish salad that's a bigger portion, tastes similar and is about the same price (and includes protein!). The Burma cooler was also a disappointment at $6.50.Best parts of the meal were probably the Burmese Samusas and the fact that you can call ahead of time to have a table held in your name. They'll call you about 15 minutes before it's ready so you have time to jet over. Very convenient/thoughtful.Overall - it was a "nice-to-try" restaurant but I really don't understand the gushing over this place.
Been to this restaurant several times, and we have always had a good experience with this place. the dishes are prepared consistently well time and again, and the waiters are cordial and prompt. this is one of the few restaurants where I can order a vegetable dish and my kids will eat it. like the other reviewers, we like the tea leaf salad. we are also partial to the mango chicken, which our kids love. I like the ginger lemonade.
My favorite restaurant in SF! Of course my favorite restaurant in SF doesn't take reservations and usually entails a 1-2 hour wait for dinner, but it is oh so worth it. At any rate, they'll take your cell phone and call you just before your table is ready so you can wander the neighborhood.I have not had a dish that I haven't liked - lamb curry, chili lamb (watch out - very hot!), fiery chicken and tofu, potato samosas, coconut rice - you can't go wrong with this menu unless you order something too hot for your palate, when they say spicy they mean it. Oh, and make room for dessert - the fried bananas are to die for.
con:Lighting is way to bright/harsh. I expect flourescents in a hole in the wall chinese place, but this place was decorated to a t. Also: this morning my stomach felt terrible. I went to the bathroom and now I feel better. Slightly pricey.Pro:The beer ginger lemon cooler, I forgot their name for it. Anyway it's amazing. Samosas were good, but samosa sauce was AWESOME.Tea salad is so good, but super potent. 2 can't finish it, not for size but for the potency of the taste. The way they toss it in front of you is entertaining (but not as kinky as it sounds ;P )Chicken dahl: OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG SO FUCKING GOOD.steamed rice: yummy, slightly chewy. Just right for the occasion. Definitely worth the money.four stars. would eat here again for sure.
I'm all for trying new things and I always appreciate restaurants with creative dishes. I had the tea leaf salad (only thing I came for) which is very, very special from anything I've ever had. Not something that I would eat everyday though. Samosa soup is really unique as well as their noodle dish. It gets extremely crowded so make reservations. Even with reservations I still had to wait. My boyfriend and I were seated closely with other families and had a hard time talking to each other with all the noise. Service was excellent. Our waiter explained any questions we had and made a couple of suggestions to try. The food came quick and our waiter made sure to check up on us halfway through the meal. I probably won't go back as it's not for me but it's absolutely worth a try!
I had a fantastic lunch here not long ago. I'm still dreaming about the eggplant dish we ordered. Everything was fresh, tasty and well presented. The ambiance is cozy and service was friendly and prompt. I look forward to my next visit.
I've been to all three locations and the SF one is definitely the best. Whenever we go there it's always packed, so expect a wait. We always start off with the samosas- the vegetarian ones are better. They're perfectly crispy and flavorful. The tea leaf salad is delicious, and it's nice how they mix it at your table. I prefer the tea leaf salad over the rainbow salad. The samosa soup is the perfect comfort food for a cold day. The mango coconut drink complements the food really well. Wish I could go there more often, but it's not within my budget.
I'm TOTALLY a fan..of their food, NOT their rude reservation girl.LOVE the food. from the coconut rice to the tea leaf salad, it is delicious from start to finish. call ahead. most likely an hour before you plan on getting their because it'll be insanely busy with pages after pages of reservations. their sumusas are mouth-watering delish!can't leave sf till i have BURMA SUPERSTAR!
Excellent food for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. The striking thing is how nice and kind the staff is. The restaurant stays busy and the waitstaff is quick to apologize for the wait.
'A party in your mouth', indeed. Hits: -lemonade beer-samosas-green tea salad-rainbow saladMake sure to save room for Toy Boat ice cream across the street after.
3.5 stars. I have eaten at Burma Superstar numerous times, as it is around the corner from my apartment. I ate here tonight and it was good, not great. However, I must say on a very positive note, that the service has gotten better and better each time I go- it was delightful tonight. We started out with the tea salad, which was.....interesting. Perhaps I just don't have the taste for it, but I thought the tea leaves were too overpowering. The peanuts were the best part of the salad. The sesame beef entree stood out; it was tender and sweet with a delicious tangy sauce. Mmmm. We also ordered flour noodles with garlic, scallions, and bbq duck- the duck tasted really gamey. It was odd. And the noodles could have used more garlic flavor. I will come back because it is convenient and a fun atmosphere. Perhaps they were having an off night. Definitely worth a try though!
Fabulous curries at reasonable prices. No reservations and limited seating so you may have to wait. For the best meal, ask the wait staff to recommend a sampler menu including a soup, noodles and curries.
Amazing. Just amazing. Worth the wait.
don't believe the hype. Everyone is saying this place has gone down hill or gotten or worse or some crap. Well I ate there last night for the second time and it was STILL REALLY GOOD. We got pork belly, some spicy curry noodles, some beef khabat (i think), pumpkin and shrimp curry and some roast chicken with basil. They were all delicious, and every single one i would order again. We got the rainbow salad since a few people had never been before and sorts of a signature thing. I really think it's just ok, nothing amazing. The pork belly with mushrooms was actually pretty amazing, but it's hard to go wrong with pork belly. as usual, the samosas were good, but not a huge stand out. PS: If you don't like waiting, then go somewhere else, there are other Burmese restaurants in the city. In fact, if you all start going there I can eat at BSS a little more regularly.
Ok, can i just say that the food kicks ass. i went with what everyone had recommended on previous reviews. the tea leaf and samusa soup. FUUUUUUUCKKKKK good stuff there. yes it was my first time going and so with my companion but she loved it too. the one thing i didn't like, its not that bad, it was the long wait. other than that, this place definitely gets 5 stars from me and would totally recommend this place to ANYONE!!! and if you have to wait...really...call early and then kick it in the neighborhood. theres a lot of things to do while you wait so its all good!!! enjoy!!!
Does anyone know what makes Burmese food Burmese food? The food at Burma SuperStar is excellent, and it has really good vegetarian options, but I just don't get the Burmese thing.Any help would be appreciated.P.S. This place is funny around the holidays. They have lights, and they play really sappy Christmas songs.
I have only been here once, and I was unfortunately not very hungry. However, the restaurant was packed with a line out the door to get a table. I went with a group of friends who had been here several times and they were all pleased. I had the sangria and I must say that it is right up there with the sangria at Cha Cha Cha's! If you haven't had Cha Cha Cha's sangria, then you might not understand what I mean. Let me translate: The Bomb!!! I really never expected to have some of the best sangria I've tasted at a burmese restaurant, but its totally true! So good! And the infused fruit in the pitcher is
sumusas = double must!tea salad = must!!pork and pumpkin stew = must!everything about this place is all kinds of yummy!walked in on a thursday night at 6pm with no wait!space is tight so it isnt very intimate but it doesnt matter because you should be concentrating on the food!service was alright.will come back again.
Great food and friendly service. Burma Superstar certainly lives up to its hype. We planned for a late lunch today hoping the holiday would lessen the wait time. I thought we were successful considering there were only three parties ahead of us and we waited for less than a half hour. First thing to do is put your name on the waiting list which on a clipboard hanging to the left as you walk in. There is no waiting area if you're lucky you can get a seat on the sidewalk benches.The dining area is compact and there is minimal ambiance. Luckily the service and food made up for this. We were seated in a window table meant for two but they squeezed in the four of us. Luckily no bumping issues. We started off with the Burma coolers very light refreshing mix of beer, Ginger and lemon. Absolutely delightful on a hot day. We started with the samusas which were tasty but nothing extraordinary. Next the rainbow salad was a nice mix of noodles and fresh vegetables tossed at the table with a tamarind dressing. Delish! For entrees there was the spicy tofu and vegetables (ok - reminded me of any Chinese spicy green bean dish), the spicy fried chicken balls (ok again very similar to any firecracker chicken/shrimp dish), mango chicken (exotic nice mix of the mango sweetness and heat of the peppers). The Burma rice is a great side dish it's rice mixed with yellow dal and fried onions. Now while the main entrees were (for me) not that unique the food is still very good. I would definitely come back for lunch and most likely wait to eat here again...but no longer than 40 mins...there are just way too many options for good food in the bay!
Yes as good as it gets in the quality and taste!!!!! The wait can be cumbersome.I heard that there is also another location in the Alameda, CA.
Overrated. Good food, yes. But not worth an hour long wait in line.
I enjoyed the tea leaf salad and the samosa soup. The tea leaf salad was delicious, a little spicy, but yum. The soup was hearty, rich, and delicious too! Service was good despite how busy it was. Luckily, we came at a great time and didn't have to wait.
Finally, I had the opportunit y to come to Burma Superstar! For years, I've been wondering what's going on that 's so good at that place. I'd walk down Clement Street in the evening and see crowds of people standing in line to get in like people queueing up to go into a club. I told myslef, "I'm going to see what the fuss is all about one day." I then begin to ask friends who have had B.S. before and they rave about it. Finally, I wanted to see what other Yelpers said about it and I was nothing but impressed by all of the reviews. I took a buddy of mine from out of town along with a colleague from work to check it out.We started off with the lettuce wraps. The first bite set the tone for the rest of the evening - INCREDIBLY delicious. We waited anxiously for our dishes to arrive:Chicken Keebat w/ Tofu - Normally, I'm opposed to tofu, but the sauce with the stuff was great and really made my tofu taste like chicken.Beek Keebat - Tasted great just like the chicken.Lemongrass Salmon - best salmon I've ever had! A crunchy yet soft exterior that leads into a soft, fleshy, tasty interior with Burmese flavors. Excellent!.Broccoili w/ cocounut - parents, give your kids Burma's broccoili to get them addicted to this vegetable. Coconut makes this stuff taste great.I've never had coconut rice before too, great stuff!Overall, an excellent experience, great food, wonderful service, hefty tip!I can't wait to come here again.
The hype is right!Loved this place. As simple as it sounds, soup & salad is all you need to leave this place blissfully satisfied. I'm sure most of the reviews have said something similar about these two signature items. In addition, they've got a variety of Southeast Asian beers to enjoy at reasonable prices, and your waitress (they're very cheery) will be more than happy to order you a few other items off the rest of the menu to fill up your stomach. (We didn't really even need to look at the menu.)As for the wait that I'm sure you've heard about: for a party of two, they told us an hour. We gave them our phone number and then walked down Clement. If they tell you the same, just hop on over to Green Apple Books for a bit. Less than half an hour later, they called us and told us our table was ready. Easy! That's a very manageable wait. Oh, and the service is speedy, too. Quick on the water refill. Which is good. Cuz I like water.
This is definitely a "must eat" in SF. I highly recommend going during the week so you don't have to brave a 2 hr. + wait.The samusa soup is probably the most flavorful thing that's ever reached my lips. The rainbow and tea leaf salads are high up there as well.
Yeah, I wholeheartedly agree, their food is absolutely delicious. However, their food is a tad on the pricey side and I feel like that may be because of their Food Network fame.The Sangria was delicious and left us a few surprises at the bottom of the pitcher in the form of delicious, alcoholic fruit bits, and the service made up for the fact that we waited for over an hour to eat.
There are only two bad things about this place. (1) I live too far from it. (2) Too many people know about it. There's already a sizable line before it opens for dinner at 5:30. I figure it probably filled up by 6 when I was there.Onto the awesomeness.  Hrm, I already forget the specifics why I loved it. All I know is that my friend and I insisted me must bring our other pals to treat them to an exquisite epicurean experience. Food is great, prices are reasonable, and service was good. This place rocks. Would get a 5th star if there was something amazingly special about it, but it's solid on all counts. Oh, and kudos for offering a veggie option for all dishes (usually just replacing the meat with tofu).
I thought the food here was decent. Not incredibly authentic according to the two experts I live with that are actually Burmese. Not a great value.
One word! Overated
Loved the Chicken Casserole with biryani. Their Tea leaf salad is famous.
Really liked this place! tea leaf salad + spicy and crispy chicken = so good :) nice waiter too
Absolutely delicious. Easy parking. Very reasonably priced. Had the tea leaf salad, chicken with lemon an peanut sauce, coconut rice, an anchor steam, and the wife had sangria.
Wishful thinking that I would get the opportunity to go here and not have a wait! Yes, it was a Tuesday night. Great for date night though - still a potential to fill the the remainder of the week's schedule with other worthy ventures and yet still enough time to commit to a second date on Friday!Anyway, back to Burma - 45 minute wait, but they take your cell phone number down and you can conveniently hop over to Stars and Plough for a beverage prior to dinner.Had the Tea Leaf Salad, a coconut milk/chicken dish and a noodle dish. All were fantastic. I only wish I had room for desert. Will definitely be a repeat dater...I mean customer!
So I gave this place a second shot because the first time I ordered some random dishes. This time I got the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and chili lamb. Maybe I'm just not that into buramese cuisine but nothing wowed me. I did like the salad but other than that, nothing was special enoghto bring me back. I think if youre a healthy eater or vegetarian, you probably think this place is the ish but as a "foodie" and carnivore I probably won't be back. The line and parking suuuuucks and wasn't worth the wait for me.
Eat the walnut shrimp and pork belly. Just do it now.
This was our first visit to Burma Superstar and it was fantastic. We called ahead to get our name on their waiting list and was told it would be an hour to an hour and a half wait because there was 6 of us but it was defininitely worth it. When we got there, we maybe waited a half hour before we were seated. We had to wait outside but they have heaters above the bench and also offer complimentary jasmine tea while you wait. I got the Egg and Okra Curry and 2 orders of the Platha (which is much like the Indian Parata). My friends ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Garlic Noodles, a Tofu and Beef dish as well as Jasmine Rice side orders. Everything was delicious! I definitely recommend calling ahead and getting on their wait list and then check in when you arrive. that's the only form of reservation they have.
Food was definitely different! Of course we ordered the Samusa soup & Tea Leaf salad and we loved it! The only downside is that there was long wait for a table.
I've been here three times and the food has been consistently good. I get something new each time I go (including the tea leaf salad) and I've enjoyed it all. Tip: call ahead and they'll call you back when your table is ready.
One of my favoritest places to eat in the city. I really really like the tea leaf salad, the chili shrimp, the rainbow salad, and the samosa soup.  Also, I love coconut rice. Mmmmmm coconut rice.The best thing about this place, is that you can call ahead of time to put your name on the list (and there is always a wait list) with your cell phone #! So, if your name comes up and you're across the street buying random Japanese toys at Genki, they'll give you a ring and let you know your table is ready. So so convenient and awesome. Also it's nice, because it's almost always packed so you might have to wait outside... which is mostly like freezing. So instead of buying toys at Genki, you can hang out in your car waiting for them to call. Sweeet.So whenever I come to visit SF, I like to visit good ol' Burma Superstar.
This is my new go-to spot for dinner. Although the wait can be daunting, the food is delicious.  After four visits, there are some items that are better than others.  Pod kia prak ? (chicken dish) is good.
By far my most favorite place to eat in all of San Francisco. My favorite thing to order is the rainbow salad and the samosa soup. Oh my goodness everything there is to die for. My little brother always begs me to bring him home some catfish curry too. The service is nice and the waiters are very accomodating. I feel lucky to live close to such a culinary jewel.
Great service, great food. Somewhat overrated though... Still, this place manages to serve authentic, not-dumbed-down, and delicious Burmese cuisine and a decent price. So i suppose I can't blame them for drawing a crowd -- more power to them. On any given weekend night though, I'm not one to be wiling to stand in line here. It's just not THAT good.Try the coconut chicken noodle soup (ohno kawswe). It's better here than at any other Burmese restaurant in the city (but not as good as my mom makes it). I give them an extra star for having some nice beers to serve alongside their delicious curries and noodles.BUT most things on the menu can be had just as good at other Burmese restaurants in the city. Try nearby Mandalay if you find yourself stuck in The Line That Has No End. You most likely won't regret it.
Although this was probably the best Burmese food I've ever had, the wait for a table was ridiculous. (I think we waited for slightly longer than 2 hours!) Once we were seated, however, the service was fast and the food was out of this world. I HIGHLY recommend the Tea Leaf Salad. Words simply cannot describe how utterly delicious this dish is. I felt like Sally in Katz's Deli (only the orgasm was real -- in my mouth, at least).I know we ate other food, but everything else was eclipsed by that God-like salad. No excuses, just order it.Oh, and if you can't stomach the wait (I was told that there's ALWAYS a wait), they also offer take-out.
Love this place! There's nothing like the Rainbow Salad. I could eat my weight in it. And this is the only place you can get it. Order more than one- you will eat it all.
rating: 3.5-4I must say, this place was overhyped for me..My expectations were not met. However, the food was good, different kinds of curries. They have a variety of menu items with burmese food being their specialty, but they also have Chinese, Indian, Thai, etc on their menu. We tried the rainbow salad (22 ingredient salad) which was pretty good, I could make a meal out of that by itself. The catfish chowder was pretty good, it was a thick soup/stew, but not over-powering. Some may find the noodles in the soup too soggy, but personally, i love that! (eeks =/) The burmese yellow bean curry was very interesting, not your typical curry, not made with coconut milk; it was a mix of veggies and yellow bean in a very spiced sauce. We also had the burmese beef curry, which was more of a beef stew than your typical curry. I think the Burmese style curry is not what you would expect, but its a nice change. We were also treated to a fried coconut pudding w/ ice cream and strawberry dessert; it was pretty good, refreshing after a heavily spiced meal.Next time we go back, we will probably ask for some more recommendations from the waitress. I think I will also try the On Noh Kauswer, chicken curry soup, my college roommate used to make this and it was DELICIOUS!The service was great, with friendly wait-staff.Tip: get there EARLY. or you will be faced with a daunting/never-ending wait. Also, you can put your name/phone number on the list and the hostess will call you when your table is ready.
highlights:- 15 min wait on a friday night- guy at the front with the sleeve tattoo remembered our names- great waiter (kenneth)- tea leaf salad, chili lamb, coconut rice, samusaslowlights:- nan pia dok (not that bad, but underwhelming)- so loud that we stopped talking and ate in silence, but not really
It's a cute place, but so CROWDED! The wait outside can be long (even at 8pm on a weekday!!)Food is very good, especially the meat-curries and salads.
I lived in walking distance to Burma Star and it took me nearly a year to actually try to eat there. It had nothing to do with the fact that I had never had Burmese food and had everything to do with the line. Pretty much every other night there is a half an hour wait for a table.People seem to wait rain shine for a warm dish served with a side of jasmine rice and ginger lemonade. The first time I came here I found that it was really loud, cramped, the waiter talked really fast, and there were flies everywhere. Luckily the food was damn good and my reflexes were fast enough to swat the jumbo bugs away from my plate. i still enjoy Burma Star but now I exclusively take out. So now about once a month I pass by the crowds and in ten minutes I have an order of delicious mango chicken or curry to take home. I would only wait in line if I had to out of towners. I havn't had a bad meal yet, I just find it most enjoyable when I don't have to fight the crowds.
First visit and even after 40 minutes of wait, I am giving this place 4 stars. The food was good and the tea leaf salad, chicken keput and the catfish curry were super. The fish curry was definitely Indian in flavor and I loved it.
Great food, was very busy but service was good and food came quickly. My 7 year old son also loved trying everything.
Let me say this, "The Emperor has no clothes!"Huge huge disappointment after looking at its Yelp rating. The food is very mediocre; perhaps it was considered exotic at some point in history.  The food was loaded with spices but with no depth. The pricing is unforgivable. $9 for some chopped lettuce, peanuts and used tea leaves?? I need an Economic Stimulus Plan to justify this place. We also had the famed samosa soup, chicken kabob (at the waitress's suggestion) and coconut rice.  Mediocre, mediocre and mediocre. For 2, the price came to $40. And for that, my wife half way threw up in her mouth after leaving the restaurant.
Wow, I was skeptical, as my boyfriend had just dragged me to a very mediocre Chinese restaurant the night before. With this place however, he completely redeemed himself! As everyone else said the tea leaf salad is great (and I don't generally like dishes that don't have dead animals but I'll make an exception if its going to be this awesome). Also, the platha bread is like the croissant of naan. Awesome. Finally, Mina was like the nicest waitress I have ever had! She made me wish I could give this place six stars.Special quick seating hint: Go on a weekday and get there before they open. Actually, no... don't... That will just make it harder for us to get a seat!
Indian+Chinese+Thai = BurmeseThe menu seems to be an aggregation of the 3 cuisines. If u like the 3 mentioned, u will like Burmese. Period!Experience:Taste: 4 out of 5 dishes we ordered were very nice in the taste dept. The samusa soup, lamb curry, Nan Pia Dok (chicken-coconut noodles) & the vegetarian noodles were all flavorful. The chili lamb had a stinging oil aftertaste which was not nice at all.Pricing : The portions are small. 75 dollars of food (no beverage) didnt really fill four of us. I expect bigger portions when you are charging 14 bucks a dishService: When i spend 20 bux a person, i expect at least a "how r u doing" from the hostess. They are too busy for that.
Since this makes the 900th+ review, I have to say that I agree with the yelper above me and below me on. Seriously, I can't add much more to the table, really. I'm putting the food 3 stars. Loved the samusa soup and tea salad, wished that the portions were bigger. Skip the coconut fritter dessert, though. It tasted stale, with a hint of onion.Do check out their shirts, though. Their current shirt sports the portrait of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, Nobel Peace Laureate. Burma SuperStar donates a portion of their proceeds to organizations the support Burmese interests, like medical care for refugees. The shirts are $28, made in Thailand, and are soft and stylish. Check them out! That alone give them the 5 stars that every other yelper gives them.
Very authentic experience. Everything we had was very good... Will definitely be back next time I'm in the bay area.
Okay, I know it's been reviewed a thousand times (literally.)But Burma Super Star is a special place. The tea leaf salad is a special dish. The sambusa soup is some special soup. It's worth all the hype, the wait, the bad dates, the distance from my house, the cramped tables making it hard to focus on my conversation- it's worth it.Don't miss out!
After trying twice to get seated here, I concluded that it's a lost cause to search for a night when Burma Superstar isn't busy. Any night of the week, you'll be standing outside waiting for your table. But have hope: the food is electrifying and Clement St. makes the perfect place to linger for the hour(s)-long wait. You show up to Burma and put your name on a mammoth list. The good news is that you can put your cell number next to your name, giving you the opportunity to head to the Danube cafe across the street for a coffee until the hostess rings you. Both the food and the service at Burma are fantastic. First off, each night offers either a red or white sangria (the white was delicious and not a bad value at about $13-15 for a 32 oz. pitcher. Be kind to yourself and get the Burmese samusas. They're a hybrid of Asian spring rolls and the fried Indian dumplings you're probably more familiar with. As far as entrees, the pumpkin curry is hearty and substantial like a good stew, with fat hunks of pumpkin and pork as tender and melty as a slow-cooked beef brisket. Unreal.The Shan Kaukswer noodle dish (I got mine with tofu), balances savory tomato sauce with the heat of South Asian spices. The peanuts add a subtle undercurrent of flavor and crunch, but by no means would I consider this a "peanut dish", if you get the picture. Wise choice by the chef. All in all, I'd return to this place every chance I get.
I went for a late lunch and the rush was over. The Tea Leaf salad was good, but not anything special. I'm not sure why people wait hours in line for it. Maybe it is just trendy. The Curry was great and the Lotus Chicken dish was really good too. I liked the coconut rice with both. I will go back for sure, but will skip the tea leaf salad next time. It there is a line next time, I would be willing to wait 30min. It's a small spot, but the staff is friendly.
What happened to this place? Did they fire the cook and hire someone else? I used to come here for lunch or dinner at least twice a week with different people and everyone would love it. Their rainbow salad was mastered to perfection and they used to have homemade yellow bean tofu. I went back recently after not going for a couple of months and everything was not up to par (from before). The rainbow salad was awful...the flavors were not consistent. The service got way worse (you'd think that they'd have common sense to hire more help if the place is increasingly getting busier). Even the yellow bean tofu dish was eliminated! Not worth the wait anymore.
Just had my birthday dinner here. Yummy! We called ahead and put our name on the list so we had a five minute wait instead of an hour long wait.I had the samusa soup, which was delicious. The broth was just the right level of spicy so the the other flavors weren't overwhelmed, but my mouth still got pleasantly warm. After reading yelp reviews describing samusas, I was really excited to try them, but wound up liking the crumbled up falafel more. I have no idea how it stays crispy in soup, but it does, and it is genius.I split the tea leaf salad with J. It had great variety of texture, but I couldn't taste the tea very much at all. A solid dish, but maybe my expectations were raised too high?J. ordered the okra-egg-tomato curry. Better than the salad, not as delicious as the soup. The pairing of soft, soupy tomato and springy, gel-like egg was fun. The tomato soaked into the halved hardboiled eggs creating a flavor gradient as I chewed my way to the center. The okra was crisp and not too slimy, but it didn't quite feel tied into the dish.We also ordered coconut rice. I really, really like rice. I eat some sort of rice dish or side three or five times a week. This was the best rice I've had since I don't know when. Lightly sweet, reminiscent of porridge but in no way slushy or watery, and quite filling.A little expensive, but completely worth it, especially for a birthday dinner. The service was great too, which I generally feel justifies a slightly more expensive meal. Not only was our server's timing great in terms of taking our order, bringing the food, and bringing the check, but I felt like she took care with presentation and was super attentive for how packed the restaurant was.I went away stuffed and satisfied. Definitely will be back, friends in tow.
The food was unique. It was good but everything was a bit too salty. Or maybe the taste is very strong. I absolutely LOVE their coconut rice! They get packed and they don't take reservation. But you can call an hour priot to your desired time and put your name down. Don't mind trying it again in the future.
Honestly, I am not sure what I enjoy more: the food at Burma SuperStar or the fact that everybody seems so impressed when I say I have had Burmese food. Adding to the exotic allure of Burma SuperStar is the inexplicable reoccurrence of bumping into somebody from my Vermont high school almost EVERY TIME I have gone there! What can I say? This place is a spectacle.First, forget all the deficiencies that people rightfully point out in many reviews: No reservations mean you will have to wait a while and you might have to sit next to the cold, drafty door. So what, who cares? The food makes up for it.The Rainbow Salad is undoubtedly the highlight and is one of the freshest dishes in all of SF. Also be sure to check out the Samusa soup and, my favorite, the Lotus Root dishes.I find it rare when a restaurant can create a large number of both vegetarian and meat dishes and have them all compare at such a high level. Meat lovers can go to Burma SuperStar with veggie friends and be satisfied with sharing the hearty vegetarian options available.So check this place out when you have the time to wait and grab a drink before being seated. The exotic food and experience, as well as the low price, make this a great place to go with friends.
Nan gyi dok is fantastic. Not a huge fan of the tea salad to be honest, but it's definitely worth trying if just for how different it tastes. Lamb curry was also fantastic.
Overrated? Burma Superstar? You must be joking.Absolutely, positively, some of the best food in the city. Every time I have taken a visiting friend from out of town to Burma Superstar, they leave amazed. And full.The Samosa Soup is brilliant. I have never had anything like it, and it is something that everyone needs to try. It's that good.There are too many other tasty dishes on the menu to list one-by-one, but as many times as I have been here, not one person in my party left unsatisfied with what they ordered. As a matter of fact, the one word that seems to come out of everyone's mouth when we leave is "Wow!"Like all popular places (sigh, why do I always have to repeat this) it gets busy. Popular = busy. Who doesn't know that? So, plan on waiting a while for table, especially if you plan on eating dinner here on weekends. As in, wait well over an hour. It's worth it, and you can even leave your phone number on the wait list so you can go walk around while you wait for your table.The staff is very friendly, and very fast. They have to be; they want to get people in and out so everyone has a chance to eat. I've never felt rushed though...The prices are fair, with most entrees clocking in around $10-$12 a go.Highly, highly recommended. If you want to go to a restaurant where the food is *guaranteed* going to be excellent, go to Burma Superstar. This is a drive-out-of-your-way kind of place.
Simply put, incredible.
If you'd like to order just enough food for two people to be completely stuffed, happy, and have some remaining for leftover, be sure to get the tea leaf salad, chicken samosas, two hearty servings of rice and the burma superstar curry with lamb and pumpkin stew with chicken.Why? The tea leaf salad is a medley (yes, I said medley) of greens, herbs, spices, seeds and tastes in a light and delicious starter. Then your Burmese journey is taken down a light, crispy fried path with a tasty samosa (dumpling like dish) and then wrapped up with a filling bowl of meat and rice. Ahhhhh.
Now it's been a while since I've gone here, but it's worth writing a review about even though it has so many positive reviews already. Food was great, infamous salad is really good. Service was great as the waiter was helpful despite the busyness on a weeknight. I would soooo go back here again, it's just that it's kinda out of my way but I'd like to try the one in Oakland also. I tell folks I know to try this place. It's a must on Clement and then you still feeling like eating more sweets, go to Genki.
love, I've been going to BS for years. I moved to Marin and didn't go for a year or so. I just went on Friday and boy did I miss it. My favorite is the Spicy Crispy chicken...melts in your mouth. Samusas are good too. You'll love it.
Awesome! Tea leaf salad is a must. Everything tasted great and the price is right. Four of us stuffed ourselves and had a bottle of (excellent) wine for about $100.
I've been to Burma SuperStar about 3 times over the last 3 years and this is my first time reviewing it. I would have to say that the food is great, but not as exceptional as I had remembered it. The tea leaf salad was a must and I enjoyed its flavor and its crunchiness.My friend and I also ordered the tofu tower and it came with some red peppers and plump shiitake mushrooms. It had a slight spicy kick on the tail end, which kept me going back for more.The best dish by far was the curry noodles with chicken. I don't remember the real name, but I think it was the first one under the Noodles section. The sauce was creamy and delectable! I would definitely order it time and time again.
want to skip the wait? or at least part of it? Call ahead to get on the list, just make sure you get over there before they reach your name. Or go at 4:50 to be one of the first seated. Really, the wait is the only issue with this place. Once you're seated, it is a great experience - service and food are totally great and the price is right in line with what you would expect for the quality.  My faves are the rainbow salad, chicken casserole, and poodi.
Love love love. It is SO worth the wait... even when there are 30 people outside in the freezing cold. When you get that tea leaf salad you forget all about how annoyed you were outside. :) I had the mango chicken and the black bean sauce chicken and tofu and they were delicious.
Iz good.Waited 45 minutes for a table for 6, but it was definitely worth it. Ordered about 6-7 dishes and every single one was excellent. Samusa soup, Superstar noodles, prok curry with potatoes, spicy vegetables, buremese style lamb, and pumpkin pork stew were all amazing.Prices weren't dirt cheap, but were very reasonable for the quantity and quality. It is crowded obviously, but definitely worth it!
Wait for it, Wait for it, Wait for itThat was the name of the game, waiting. I even called ahead 1 hour before to have my name placed on the list and I still had to wait another 45 minutes. Thank goodness Genki is across the street where I could snack on egg puffs a dessert that uses a waffle like batter where these small puffs about the size of a quarter have these crunchy outsides and doughy lite insides.Once we were seated the food was amazing. That would give this place 4 stars, however the customer service was great. The waiter, sorry I forgot your name had great recommendations and service. I'll tell you more later in this review.What I had:Rainbow Salad - Delicious, they tell you what's in it and then mix it infront of you.Vegetarian soup - I don't remember the name, but it is the first on the list. EXCELLENTCoconut rice - definitely get this as you can taste the coconutCurry shrimp - it was good, but not good enough to be a stapleChicken Casserole - This was great, but it was too salty when it first came out. This is where the customer service comes in. We weren't complaining and only mentioned it as we weren't sure if it was supposed to be this salty. He took it back and said it was too salty and that they were going to make us another one. That one was great.So I would highly recommend this place. It is a place that has a taste of Thai, Indian, Indonesian, but their own style and seasoning. Just be ready for the wait, but it's worth it.
Good grief.Don't come here hungry, the wait is looooooong. The interior is small, plus they're popular, therefore +1hr if you aren't there before they open.At least the signin allows you to put your number, they'll call you when the table's ready.Ended up just togoing the order.Food's good, soups good, skip their as-seen-on-tv salad.
Got here JUST when it opened at 5pm and man I'm glad we did! Great flavors and wonderful service all around.  I would recommend the coconut rice ... get there early because the line was out the door when we left at 7:30 and it was a Monday night too!
We were heading to a different restaurant, but we saw a few tables open and no line, so we went in. What a lucky timing that was.  By the time we came out at 7pm on Wednesday night, there were several parties waiting to get in.  Tea Leaf Salad with fermented tea leaf and various crunchy nuts and beans mixed right at the table was nice starter. Bermese curry with lam was perfect with coconut rice. Pork belly with mustard green was best that I ever tasted. Man Pia Dok which is coconut chicken curry with flat noodle had a complex taste beyond curry, which was a nice surprise.  Great service and tasty food. If you get a chance to get in, take it!
This place is great but you might have a long wait for your seat! Which is the usual if you want to go to Burma Superstar and that was why I sometimes gave up on the wait and passed it by. I was surprised today that my friend and I got a table since it was late lunchtime. we got samusas for our appitezer and its like a fusion of a samosa and something else I cannot place it. My friend had the garlic noodles which was good, I had the spicy basil chicken which was delicious and had lemongrass which is always a plus! I am definitely a fan of this place and next time I am coming back with a reservation or just take out.
Your experience at Burma SuperStar will be unforgettable.That said, the wait is excruciating and no reservations are taken. Please put your name on the waiting list when you are nowhere close to being hungry. It would be really great if management gave out one glass of some free cheap wine wine to their waiting clientele. It would be a simple tip of the hat to their dedicated patrons who have probably spent months of their lives waiting in line. Or better yet, transition to taking reservations. i would rather have a dinner reservation two months out.Regardless, the food is worth the visit. The rainbow salad is a unique nutty and fresh flavor ensemble. There is a hot spicy lamb dish available that is not for the faint of heart.....burn. But it is additively scrumptious. Perfectly hot and tangy and cooked to perfection.These are the two dishes that I highly recommend. However, their menu is promising.For the ambiance - expect noise and a certain lack of elbow space. The place is clean and decor is suitable, not stereotypical. The service is average for a place so packed -nothing special. Burma SuperStar will serve you well if you are only for the food and experience of it.
Great place! Favorite place. Really good food with nice portions at good price. Atmosphere is good too. Service is good but the place can get packed...(maybe because everyone likes it). Recommend the salt and pepper calamari.
living just around the corner and therefore always walking by, the omnipresent window licking cluster of burmasuperstarwannabes always kept us at bay. But not last night. Last night we braved the block and a half jaunt, daring to check what the wait time was. the natives had voted that 45 minutes was the brekaing point. Any longer and it was off to Sushi bistro...we were quoted 20-30. well, well. looks like it's your night burma superstar. so we joined the (surprisingly few) windowlickers hanging out outside and waited. a lot longer than they said. but whatever, it was a nice night and we were enjoying ourselves... the only thing that would have made it perfect would be a glass'o'wine to sip on...So we finally get a table. a little TOO close to the door- but at this point i'm starving and WAY excited.Thus begins our ordering bonanza. Platha, Salt and Pepper Chicken, veggie egg rolls, sesame chicken, walnut prawns, noodles, tea leaf salad... more platha. We drank a pitcher of their beer/ginger/lemon drink- yum, and a pitcher of Chimay. Also yum.All of it came to 120 for 3 people. Not bad.So the food was awesome. The hype was exciting, but since we live around the corner - from now on we'll order on the phone and go pick it up... i smell an awesome movie night coming on...
Oh yeah. It's all that. people don't stand in that long line for nothin'!
Fantastic flavors and quite a diverse menu, this is a great place to try if you've never had Burmese food (or just want a filling, savory meal). Standouts are the samosa soup (rich, complex flavors, hearty, and very satisfying), tea leaf salad, and Burmese-style fried rice. Their specialty teas are wonderful as well. Something to note, however, is that you don't get the hearty portions you typically do in most Asian restaurants, so if you're coming here family-style, you may want to order a little extra. But what may potentially be lacking in quantity, the dishes have no shortage in flavor. There is no bland dish to be had in this place!Minus one star for the wait, but any restaurant that's as poppin' as Burma Superstar *must* be that good.
Damn, this place is popular, but honestly it didn't really live up to the hype for me. Came at 8pm on a Saturday night and had to wait until about 10 to be seated. There are no reservations which I thought was kind of dumb and hence took one point away from BS.When we finally got seated it was in a kind of cramped little table in really close to proximity to the people next to us. Minus another star.We ordered the samusas as an appetizer and they were delicious. Easily the best part of the whole dinner. I ordered the Fiery Beef w/Tofu as my entree and, while it was good, it just didn't seem so spectacular that it justified a two hour wait to sit in such a cramped space. I can imagine that this place would be awesome if you lived in the neighborhood and could phone in for takeout (the prices are pretty fair so you'd be able to eat here often) but as far as driving out from another part of town it just didn't seem worth it to me to have to put your name on a list, find a way to kill a couple of hours and then finally be seated. Just my opinion.
Stopped by at 6PM to grab a quick dinner before the show and got seated at the last available table. You will have a chance to see your neighbors' food closeup before deciding on what to order. We had the rainbow salad, pumpkin shrimp, and Burmese beef curry. Felt that the portions were very generous. Salad contained many items and a tasty tamarind dressing. Shrimp dish was OK, but not well-flavored, we weren't asked how spicy we wanted the food. Beef curry was delicious, tender chunks of beef with potatoes in a very tasty sauce. Again, we might have liked a bit more heat as well. We had to get going, so passed on dessert menu. By 7 the wait outside looked to be about 8-10 parties. Will return again for early dinners. The wait staff is extremely friendly and courteous.
From the reviews on Yelp my best friend and I decided to try this place out and see what all the hype was about. But that was it, ALL HYPE. The wait was terrible. An hour and a half. We ordered the Burmese Samusas as an appetizer. Sauce that came with them was good. The outside was crispy and the vegetarian filling on the inside was ok.My best friend got the Burmese traditional Rice Salad which is apparently a staff favorite. Server brought it out and made it in front of us which was nice considering how crowded it was but the salad wasn't pleasant to eat because it was too sour and not much of the other ingredients could be tasted over the lime. I got the Yellow Bean Curry. The curry itself was ok tasting. Spicy but sweet and had a good texture but the bread that is served with it did not compliment it, the bread was crispy on the outside and slightly chewy with a bitter after taste. I recommend getting this curry with brown rice instead of the bread.Then we got the Big Leaf Pea Shoots. They were good but a little too salty. Rice is needed to really enjoy them but overall good choice for a veggie there. The service is obviously a little slower than other restaurants because of the crowds there. our waitress was really nice because she recommended dishes for us that wouldn't overload us with bread or rice, which is what we originally planned to order. Overall, the Burma Superstar is a decent restaurant with ok tasting food and nothing too special about it except the long wait...
I came here based on a friend's recommendation and after trying it out with another friend who's been here before, we both agreed that this place is fine but certainly not worth the wait to get a table. First of all the food was just average, and that's pretty much consistent for all we ate that night and what my friend had before. Secondly, the wait was ridiculously, it was close to an hour and under the freezing rain! Again, the food was fine but no better than other similar places that I've been to before.
Its true- everyone and their mama has been to Burma Superstar. And why not? The food is delicious. I haven't been here for a few years so I really dont remember what I ordered, but I do remember having their falafel soup, which was delightful. Awesome how the falafel remained crunchy in the broth. Other than that, all I remember is that I had a few great meals here. Knowing me it was probably some chicken or prawn dish :)
Got there 10 minutes before 5:00pm on President day. Open for president's day +1 starNo wait +1 starFriendly, fast service +1 starGreat food +1 star Tea Leaf Salad (like it, but love the rainbow salad i ordered last time) Vegetarian Samusa Soup (it's okay, kind on the heavy side) Burmese Style Curry (love it) Dried Fried String Beans (spicy and delicious) Brown Rice (3 order, i was hungry)Fairly priced +1 star -$50 with tipsBeing with the love one = priceless
All my life, I have not eaten coconut. It ruins a perfectly good dessert, goddammit! When coconut rice was suggested, I said "NO WAY, I HATE COCONUT!". We ordered two types of rice but I decided to try the coconut rice to expand my horizons. Boy was I wrong!!! Since then, I have had days where I wake up in the morning and think "mmm...coconut rice." I have convinced other coconut-haters to try this rice and sold them on it. As I am writing this review, I am thinking about calling to order some coconut rice.Hi my name is Rosie and I am a coconut-aholic.
Amazing...shrimp with candied walnuts and white creamy sauce--HEAVEN!!!tea leaf salad great!!go here once a week, minimum and never ever disappointed!oh, lychee drinks are yummy!!
I've eaten there twice now, and not disappointed! The Tea Leaf Salad is wonderful. We ordered the Basil Chicken, and the Potatoe Curry, both were delightful. Dessert was good as well. The Mango sorbet was really refreshing.Seating is a bit crowded, but doesn't detract from the experience.
This place is amazing.Growing up and having burmese relatives definitely turned me onto this food at a young age. All we ever ate at family parties the first 10 years of my life were the curries and soups. Burma Superstar, for the most part, is a pretty close approximation to what Burmese food really is (well at least the ones with the star next to it.)Whenever I come here, I always get the same things: the samosas, nan gyi doke chicken and noodle dish, sometimes the tea leaf salad, and a curry dish. If i'm feeling hearty I'd get the platha. The samosas are good here. It's kind of pricey for what it really is (potatoes, curry, chicken, peas deep fried in a wrapper) but I'm a big fan of fried foods and samosas have got to be top 5 favorite finger foods to eat. The nan gyi doke is also another one of my favorites. coconut curry chicken, noodles, cabbage, eggs, lemon. Simple enough, and it's always nice to have them explain every thing on the plate before they mix it up in front of you. I'm sure it's more for convenience sake because the mixed product never looks as appealing as everything seperate. It's always tasty and a good non-rice dish for anyone that isn't a fan of their curries or stir fries.Always get the curry here. Well maybe not always. If you're a fan of more earthy curries, where you can taste the different spices, and not the coconut milk- mild stuff in Chinese or japanese restaurants, this is the place for you. I will usually get the lamb curry (just because I can) or will settle for the beef and chicken curries. The rice I don't care for, as long as I have some, but the Platha is a great buttery flat bread for eating with the curry sauce.I've tried their other dishes a couple of times, like their shrimp stir fry, but nothing is too memorable. Their lemonade drink is also pretty good.5 stars because everything is great here, but less a star for their steep prices/ small portions, and the wait can sometimes be horrendous (although you can always call and leave your cell phone number)
Burma Superstar has earned its five stars. I love this place so much that I am doing my first yelp on it because I just moved away from SF and had to resort to the Internet to spread the word. I can't tell whether the food is authentic, but if you've never had Burma Superstar before, imagine Indian/Thai fusion cuisine. It's a combination of different rich, delicious flavors that all stand out, but go well together, and the dishes are often the perfect blend of spicy, sweet and savory. My favorites are the shrimp curry, rainbow salad, and the samusa soup. The curry sauce is so good, once I actually took home just the couple spoonfuls that were left of it. Since I was kind of embarassed, the server told us people take it home to use as a base for their own sauces. Naturally, he refused to tell me what was actually in it. I think it's crack.
This is one of my favorites. Normally it would take a lot of bells and whistles for me to give 5 stars, but the food is just that good.
This place is spot-on. So good. I've been to Myanmar and the food is as delicious at Burma SuperStar as it was in Burma.
Oh Burma SuperStar, how I miss thee. I used to live right across the street... I've been here too many times to count. The wait is well worth it. There's a great little book store down the street (Green Apple) and Burma will call when your table is ready to go. Tea leaf salad, yum yum. Service is careful and attentive - even on the most crowded of nights. Really, just go, you'll understand. The food is AMAZING, but careful - you will be forever addicted. Now I'm driving from the Peninsula to order too much food to make sure I have leftovers.
We arrived for an early lunch around 11:35, the place was almost packed, and it was the day after Christmas, very cold outside. We took the Rainbow salad which was very disappointing, nothing special (10.75 bucks, waste of money). We had the Chicken casserole dish which was amazing, the best we've had in a while. We also had the spicy chicken with basic and peas which wasn't spicy and felt like something we could get in a Chinese place. Overall the service was OK, there was a waitress who spoke very bad English but could understand what we asked for. I give them 4 stars just because of the chicken casserole, otherwise it will be just 3. The prices aren't cheap and I think it's overrated, but I really wanted to try some food from Burma ...
Round up your antacids before you mill around outside for a parking spot and decide to come here. Came here on a Tuesday for lunch and the place was bustling. The decor was quite rustic and for some odd reason, was reminiscent of an old boat. Service was excellent and prompt; we were seated immediately and the server was very informative and helpful. The food came out quickly upon ordering which is always appreciated and noticed. I ordered "fresh young coconut juice" for myself and was a bit disappointed in it. The juice wasn't very sweet as it normally should be. Finally, proof that fresh and young is not always better!....So stop checking out that jailbait. Here's to going over the hill one day!My eating buddy and I had the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa Soup, and the Superstar Vegetarian Noodles. All three were pretty intense in flavour. The Tea Leaf Salad was texturally odd and overhyped. I guess I like my salads like my men because there was way too much nuttage and not enough foliage and other salad parts. It was way too salty and tangy as well. The Samusa Soup was much appreciated on a cloudy, cold, rainy day such as today. The ingredients in the soup were generous as each bite had plenty of cabbage and samusas with a whole lot of zing. A winner.The Superstar Vegetarian Noodles were delicious and if I do come back, I'll definitely be ordering this again.Overall a decent place though I thought the portions were a bit small for the price and the prices a bit expensive for the items considering there was no meat, seafood, or the like. Total bill for the soup, noodles, salad, and one coconut juice came to $35 w/out tax and tip.
Three and a half starsThe Tea Leaf Salad is the best. Tangy and refreshing, yet not too salty. It has a nice crunch and the tea is surprisingly mellow. I love salads that introduce new flavors into the mix and this is definitely one of those salads. Try the pumpkin stew with pork... it's a savory stew with chunks of tender pumpkin and chunks of even more tender pork. Yes, its a stew but it is kickass when you pour it over your rice. The fiery beef was a bit salty and the curry noodle was alright..
The wait here is so long it's almost a good part of the experience -- in the sense that you and your friends have plenty of time for happy hour nearby while you wait for a table. You can also call when you leave the house to put yourself on the list, and by the time you find a parking spot in the area, you'll be halfway through your wait time. As for the food, everyone's covered it well. I loved the tea leaf salad and everything else we tried.
Since the day I got back to San Francisco I have been hearing people rave about Burma Super Star. I went to the restaurant two times before I actually ate there because the wait was an hour and a half long each time. I really don't like waiting more than 45 minutes. My third try was because my friend Jeff insisted that we go. I went begrudgingly anticipating a huge wait. I guess the Super Star clouds parted for me that day because we got seated in 30 minutes. When we sat down, we ordered samosa soup, broccoli with friend onions, fried rice, Bean salad, and sesame chicken. It was hands down amazing. Each dish was wonderful and unique. The bean salad was especially delicious and different. Not only was the food good, the service was excellent. Our waitress was smiling and making jokes with us the whole dinner. So much for the 45 minute rule, I would definitely go back to Burma Super Star.
Just about anything on the menu is good. Tea Leaf Salad is a must. So good that I forgot what I ordered as my main dish!
I dash into Burma's to put us on the waiting list and lady assures me it will be at least an hour, there are a good 25+ parties ahead of us. But my friend and I are dying to go so we are set, he's parking and I'm waiting outside all dressed up to go dancing later on. As I'm waiting outside in the freezing cold I hear a group of about 6 guys waiting for the rest of their gang to show, their time is up and the hostess asks if the entire party is ready to be seated, she say they can't seat partial parties and they will loose their place if they all aren't there is 5 minutes. As they yap about what to do next, call their other homies to fill the spaces ... I pipe up and say .................."I can dine with you guys, and my friend is parking, so we just need 4 more people" they're like yeah dude, they rally, call more of their homies and within minutes we are seated! So, its me, my date and 8 hot other guys! WOW!!....ain't I a lucky gal? Burma I love you, since I was in the right place at the right time! And of course as the other 913+ reviews stated ....the food is realy "da bomb". That's a right bitches, get yourself down to Burma, sit pretty on the waiting list and maybe you can sneak in and hour early with 9 perfectly hot guys.
Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in SF! Hmm, maybe not...there are too many. But definitely my favorite Burmese choice!If you want to have an honest opinion about their food, don't wait in the rediculously long line, starve and then say WOW! this is the best salad I've ever tasted. By the time you sit down, everything will be good because you almost died of hunger. Instead, I suggest ordering for pick-up. Much faster and those waiting will be jealous when you walk right past them, pick up your brown bag of Burmese goodness, and then be an ass and open it in front of everyone and eat it on the bench outside! Muah-ha-ha!Okay, seriously though. Their beef curry is amazing, tender beef and curry that is thick with flavor. I also suggest their string beans, a little on the spicy side (yum) and add chicken to this dish if you want more protein. Their prices have gone up since when they first opened but you know the food's good when you complain about the price but STILL go and eat there! Ya know the deal, satisfying your taste buds, priceless.
Worth the (two hour) wait. really. Can't give five stars to a place that has a two hour wait (why don't they open a bigger restaurant, or take reservations?) but the food itself is extraordinary and utterly unique. The wait is, really,ev a bit of a drag,even with all the other options on Clement St., but this is a place everyone should try at least once. Samusas are delicious; rainbow salad very good, and most of the other entrees we tried (group of eight people) were delicious and memorable, if not for the names of the dishes.
I wish I was a Burmese Superstar. Then maybe I could be served samusa soup, like EVERYDAY, whenever I wanted it, and people would HAVE to give it to me, because I'm a superstar!Apparently superstars aren't the only people who dine at Burma SuperStar. Because after boyfriend and I were seated and happily slurping our Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry, these two disgruntled and hungover non-superstars were seated next to us. They wreaked of cigs, were wearing leather jackets three sizes too small, and one of them whined for about 10 minutes about whether she should order a Tiger Beer or not (she decided against the Tiger Beer, which bodes well for her hangover recovery and her beer belly).Because boyfriend and I are superstars, we ignored the negative Nancys next to us and drooled as we incoherently shoveled soup and coconut rice into our muzzles. Superstars don't need to talk when they eat. They also don't need to tip, but can if they want, can get away with wearing tight leather, and can drink and smoke around children without judgment.I enjoy being a superstar, especially when it comes with a side of Rainbow Salad. I mean, come on! Rainbow Salad??? It's almost as good as Rainbow Bright, or actual Rainbows!Superstars can be divas and don't actually have to be witty, or smart, or have anything useful or coherent to say. Recognize. Can I have my soup now?
nice place, very welcoming. I so loved it!
I went here a couple of weeks ago with a friend. We found parking on the street a couple of blocks away. Seeing how it was a Friday night, the wait was just over an hour, but well worth it. We passed the time at an Irish pub near by. We ordered: Burmese samosas, pumpkin pork stew, lamb curry, and the coconut rice, which is my favorite rice dish from any restaurant I've been to.
My friend took me here while I was visiting the city and I was surprised that there are Burmese restaurants! I've been eating Burmese food (Kirin style) for a year now and love it. It is full of great seasoning, curries, fish, etc. The rainbow salad was delicious. Great texture and flavor. We had the samusas which I expected were going to be a lot like the Indian samosas. They were pretty good. I had a okra curry and also some chicken. Overall, I enjoyed the experience but it is still strange for me to go to a restaurant and have "gourmet" Burmese food when I am so used to the real stuff.Would visit again just to remind myself!
The food here is very, very good. The curries are flavorful and spicy (as much or as little as you want) with perfectly tender meats, the sesame beef is wonderfully savory and sweet at the same time, and the walnuts in the walnut prawns are the best ones I've ever had. They were hard or chewy from being candied, but perfectly roasted so they're still crunchy and have a nice sweet roasted flavor. The prawns themselves aren't so bad either. Service is friendly, but can be a little on the slow side since it's always so crowded.Which brings me to the downside of this place - it's so popular it can take a couple hours to get a table sometimes. Also, the drinks seem overpriced and they no longer have fried bananas on the dessert menu because they're too time consuming to make. I generally avoid coming here because I dread the wait, but if you can manage to go on a slow night or right after the lunch rush, it's well worth the visit.
Tea leaF salad and MangO chickeN is My faV!!! The Customer service was great.. Our serveR was so friendLy and catereD to aLL our needs.. IT's definitely a local place I Love going tO!!!
A hit or miss place for my taste. Some days, I love the flavors. Other days, the food is bland (I noticed this when I go there with caucasian friends). May be the chef changes seasonings based on the customer.
4.5 stars. The fact that this place constantly has 2 hours waits is craziness. I have lived nearby for awhile now but do not have the patience to ever wait more than an hour for food. When I want food it needs to be in my belly, Now. Randomly walking around on New Years Day I was surprised to find so many Clement places open - at 1:15pm - a 5 minute wait!!!I was pumped. FINALLY, I would get to have BURMA SUPERSTAR - the hype was at an all time high. We had the burma samosas, tea leaf salad, special noodles and shrimp and brown rice. I LOVED the unique flavor of the tea leaf salad - very cool. The shrimp was good but a little too spicy for my mood at the time - my companion managed to eat every last one and loved it. Now that I have gotten a taste of Superstar and live nearby I will be doing take out regularly.
Burma Superstar gets worse as time goes on. Price is getting high and quality goes down. Waiting hours on Sunday lunch is just 20 minutes. Compared with other Asian restaurant on Clement street, all factors are bad. The reason I put 1 star is to cut bubbles from current review points. Prices on the sample menu are different from real prices. In addition, this restaurant charges 4% additional fee for SF health without any notice. When I asked, the staff answered, "It is charged by SF city. I have no idea." They seem to like only SF visitors that don't know usual SF restaurants.
This review is long overdue. I started out loving the place because I fell in love with their pork and pumpkin stew and tea leaf salad, but my love started to dwindle after my second time eating there, then a little more dwindling after my third time...so on and so on, you get the point.Ok, I'm just going to keep it simple. Here are my reasons:- don't get the catfish...it smelled like mud and was way overwhelmed with whatever sauce that covered it.-a shrimp dish i got came out with shrimp that was so not fresh, it pretty much fell apart when i picked it up with my chopsticks and it smelled like what rotting shrimp would. i never send back food, and wasn't about to start, but thought it would be nice if i told the waiter about it so he could make the kitchen aware and prevent anymore bad shrimp from being served. ha! and all he said was, "our seafood is delivered fresh each morning" and walked away. i ended up paying for a dish i couldn't eat because i really didnt want to pay for it by being on the toilet.-their pipes busted, i didn't know until i was sat a table away from the pool of water coming out from the bathroom (i figured since it was where the back of the toilet was compared to the rest of the restaurant....get it?) anyway, it sort of had a smell...but i did just wait 2 hours for a table and i'm beyond starvation at this point. anyway, no one apologized for it, nor bothered to mention it. but come on, it's pretty obvious when the plumbers are there...butt crack and all.anyway, that's my review. go if you're curious or keep going if you're like me and like the abuse of knowing that you're going to wait 1+ hours for a table, get served sauce with a side of un-fresh protein, have your waiter dismiss anything you have to say (and may i add that he sprays a mist of saliva while taking your order). if you're really lucky, you might get to sit next to a busted bathroom pipe or overflowing bathroom.cheers! :)
Great time!We had and liked:Tea Leaf SaladRainbow SaladEvery kind of riceLambShrimpFried ChickenThe service, wine and atmosphere were also top notch.
This is where I decided to have my birthday dinner, and let me say, this was the best Asian food experience I've had ... EVER.What really stands out is that they explain what everything is, and a little bit of the culture behind it. The staff was also super friendly.We started out with the Tea Leaf Salad -- a great appetizer for two. My main course was the Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry) with a side of coconut rice. I couldn't get enough of it.I told my date that I would KILL him if he told the waitress that it was my birthday. What did he do? He told the waitress. But she didn't sing to me, thank god. She brought me a cup of vanilla ice cream in a little Thai iced tea with a few candles. That's when my date started singing Happy Birthday to me -- FOLLOWED BY THE ENTIRE 10-PARTY TABLE ACROSS FROM US. It was hilarious.Best B-day ever. Thanks Adam :-*
Came here upon recommendation from a foodie friend who was in SF for 4 years and has explored many restaurants in the area. My husband and I can't stop talking about this place to all our friends and we drool at night not from a bad drooling problem but because we just keep thinking about the dishes here - namely:- Fermented tea leaf salad. I had to stop the waiter from mixing it tableside so I could first take a picture of all the fascinating ingredients in this: sesame and sunflower seeds, yellow dry beans, and of course the fermented tea leaves! The combined textures, phenomenal flavors from the seeds / beans / tea leaves / dressing, made me wish my husband wasn't there so I could eat it all myself! Sorry, husband.- Samosa soup. Holy moly the flavors in this were unlike anything I'd ever had. Perfectly spiced, and I don't know how they managed to keep the samosa pieces still somewhat crunchy even though they were in the soup - added GREAT texture to a delicious dish.- Garlic noodles with BBQ pork. The garlic flavor in this was potent - another reason it would've been better if I was there alone!  ;)  In comparison to the other dishes, I think I longed for a bit more flavor in this besides the strong garlic. But I still liked the dish...just not 130% like I liked the other dishes.- Coconut curry chicken noodles. Took this to-go, and ate it later in the evening. We were both still full because we had had such a late lunch (around 2:30), but as soon as we took a bite of this dish, we both couldn't stop eating it. Again, I was wishing the husband away so I could indulge my gluttony!  :)Service was wonderfully warm and friendly, and we had no wait, but then again, we were there on a weekday at 2:30pm for lunch. Still, there were a lot of other customers in the place - a good sign of a GREAT restaurant. I'll be coming back!!
I can't believe it took me this long to try this place. I know...I know...I put my name down on their laundry list of names. I think my name was #35 on the list. I overheard some people around me saying they were waiting for almost 2 hours.... 2 HOURS! OMG. This place must rock! I just left my name there and waited for them to call me when our table was ready. That was a nice touch since we didn't have to wait at the restaurant. My friend and I decided to grab a drink or two at Q and waited. Time went by fast and I got a call from the restaurant in 1 hour. Nice! Got seated and we quickly ordered. We had the tea leaf salad as our starter, citrus chicken with peanut sauce and Burmese style curry with shrimp as our entrees. Oh and we ordered the coconut rice to go with all the dishes. Food came quickly. I like that. Everything was SO good. Chicken was tender and flavorful and the curry was perfectly seasoned with a mild kick. Service was fantastic. Our waiter made sure we were doing great and our glasses filled. I had a great time at Burma Superstar. I will definitely come back with a group so that I can order more variety. Quick tip: Call ahead to put your name down on the list. So that you don't have to wait forever.
The grand council of hipsters will disbar me for this, but I wasn't too impressed. I know, I should've been kicked out years ago for never having been to this restaurant.But every once in a while, I give in to hype. Hell, who am I kidding? I ALWAYS give in.We lucked out on a Monday evening, and only had to wait about half an hour, which we spent across the street at Blue Danube getting our sangria warmup.The menu is a mix of things you recognize, and things you can speculate on. It's all vaguely familiar, the way a typical dream is.The food is good, solid, well-made, but just all right. Not spectacular. And, as Tara R. has dutifully pointed out, why wait and pay high prices when King of Thai is a few short blocks away?
I think I'm in the minority when I say that I wasn't a huge fan of this place. I was in the neighborhood a few weeks ago, and decided to stop by for lunch. Since I was there fairly early (a little before noon), there was no line or wait. Actually, I don't think there were many people in there at all. Anyway, we got the Rainbow Salad and some noodle lunch special that came with duck that I can't quite recall the name of. The salad was okay, although the garlic gave me some kickin' breath afterwards. I didn't like the noodle dish with the duck at all. It was entirely too greasy and didn't have much flavor. I don't know how that happened because duck is usually more flavorful than that. The price was decent and our server was attentive, but I just don't think I'll be coming back again because I just wasn't that impressed with the food.
Solid showing every time - no doubt, consistent.Tea leaf and rainbow salads, samusa soup, and it goes on and on...spice, no spice, whatever your pleasure.Go early cause the line sucks.
This place is great, doesn't need a review from me, but the best tip I got from the reviews was to call ahead to get on the wait list. The service is top notch, and the food is delicious. Samosa soup...worth the wait. I'd definitely drive here to pick that up. Its a wonderful place to bring folks from out of town, and it won't break the bank.
I went here on a weekend getaway to San Francisco. My SF friends were raving about it all day, and I was intrigued, considering that we got there at 4:30 for a 5 p.m. dinner opening (and there was already a line!) The wait was COMPLETELY worth it! The food was fresh, and the place was small and very cozy. Every bit was chock full of delicious and varied flavors-- I couldn't get enough!Between four girls, we had the double-sized Rainbow Salad, sesame beef, walnut shrimp (SO GOOD!), some sort of chicken, coconut rice (SO SO GOOD!), and platha bread. We were so stuffed but the food was so delicious we couldn't stop eating. The desserts we had were divine (the coconut pudding fritters and mango sorbet). I can't wait to go back to San Francisco and take more people to this restaurant. I'm a convert!
Cliche, I know, but I kinda loved this place. Even with the horrible wait, the food was amazing. The beef curry was really great and the chicken biryani tasted familiar yet surprising.One star off for the long wait, but I can live with that.
Samosa soup is off the hookAm sure I'd be hard to be disappointed by anything you'd order off the menu.
Like the tea leaf salad and spicy beef.
1000 plus reviews, wow...It seems superfluous to add yet another high rating to an already highly but hardly OVER rated restaurant but everyone has their own personal take...Plus, I'm a big believer that even great places have to maintain if they are to flourish so yelpers keep on firing away!I have passed this place many a time, heard about it from many a friend but never got around to either visiting or mustering the resolve to deal with the lines...So, we made it an early Monday dinner figuring lines would be at a minimum...Sure enough, we were seated within 20 seconds of arrival...Yeah, could be a world record for this place (Of course, lines started forming within 20-30 minutes after us).Decor is warm, I have to say, as I really know nothing about Burmese culture or decor...Place definitely has a nice vibe to it (Except for the vultures standing in line both inside and outside the restaurant...Kind of an odd feeling to have lurking patrons with an almost palpable stress to see you finish your dinner more quickly...Really strange, might be a good idea in the future to have people actually wait outside instead of piling inside.Service for a place like this that is small and incredibly busy is hard to place a premium on but I have to say our experience was pretty ideal...Friendly, informative and helpful with the menu...Wasn't there to fill our glasses with water every 5 minutes but then again I wasn't holding out hope that we'd be so lucky in such a busy place.Food was as advertised, I have to say...Always impressive to frequent a place that has the repuation Burma Superstar has and still exceed the high expectations going in...It was a great experience.Burmese Samusas (Chicken) - Similar in look and consistency to Indian style samosas but without the thick layer of deep friend dough...It's a more paper thin kind of phylo that's been fried and ends up being a lot lighter in taste, IMHO...A theme that would continue throughout the dishes, light.Tealeaf Salad - Great thing about having to pour over a popular restaurant with a very appealing list of dishes is to simply take a peak at what your neighbor is having and order what they are having...And that's what led our table to sample the Tealeaf salad...It comes in a half and full portion with the full portion being pretty substantial (Like for 4 or more people really)...Terrific salad and actual tealeaf kind of paste mixed with chilis really gave it a nice kick...Again, light, but very tasty and memorable.Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil - Terrific dish...Light, flavorful and very tasty...Still thinking about it.Shrimp Superstar - Seemed to be a popular dish with yelpers and so we gave it a try...Sure enough, didn't disappoint...Delicious seasoning and just the right amount of spice.Topped these entrees off with a bowl of the coconut rice which was your standard coconut rice really.Didn't get a chance to try the desserts as we were all stuffed but we'll definitely be back...Pretty reasonable prices tooHighly recommended experience in an area of SF where there are several gems for dining
After the 2-hour(!) wait, we wanted to really slam this place, but, conversely, also held out hope for it to be stunningly inspired.So SF yelpers got this place right: tea leaf salad and samusa soup (the former, with their multitude of crunchy and seedy bits outperforming even original, full-on tea leaf versions in Burma; the latter I've not come across on menus in any of the Burmese restaurants in my semi-limited past--in LA, Paris, Hong Kong, or even Rangoon) were stunning. For these two dishes I'd be back (but would happily take out before waiting 2 hours again). The rest of our dishes:Rainbow salad was quite good, but nothing inspired. The mohinga doesn't compare to Rangoon street sellers, but is still better than most outside Burma--would again. I liked the curry lamb a lot--but then I always like the curried lamb, even at places like Jasmine or Mutiara markets. The pork & pumpkin was ok, but I wasn't so into it. Pea tendrils didn't fit. And the salmon was an unclever choice on our part (of course there's no salmon in Burma...silly us. But we didn't want to do yet another catfish). Hate the wait, loved a few key dishes. So maybe their Alameda or Oakland locations next time?
Coconut rice + Tea Leaf Salad!
Review #1034 coming up.11:00am. We were the second party in the door. as they flipped the sign over to "OPEN". By 11:45, the place was packed. So, get there at opening or wait awhile.Green Tea Leaf Salad. That was pretty tasty, I wasn't expecting that though. I thought the tea leaves were going to be, well leaves.Chicken Casserole. Kinda hindu tasting but not as intense.We'll be back to check out some of the other less popular dishes for sure.
i dont understand what the big deal about this place is. everything is like $10 minimum (which is very overpriced). everything i had was salty. i ordered the tea salad, hoping it would live up to the hype. on the menu it said that the salad was featured on the food network. the salad was just meh. too many nuts in my opinion. my friends ordered some other stuff.. tofu w/ okra, some sort of tangy beef, pumpkin curry, an array of rice, and something else i dont remember. everything had too much salt in it. when the bill came, i was very reluctant to pay my fair share of the bill. i did not feel that what i ate was worth the amount i was asked to pay.
Christ, 835 reviews?! REALLY?I will say nothing except this: Believe The Hype! Probably the finest meal I've eaten in this town in four years, & ALSO (very surprisingly), hands down the friendliest service.Also, it would be prudent to go late so you don't have to wait for an hour.
Make sure you park your car at least a mile away. You'll know why soon.The wait was long but totally worth it. Some must haves are the tea leaf salad, platha and dip, samusa soup, chili lamb, superstar shrimp and burmese khowsway. Maybe avoid the lamb and shrimp if you are not a fan of the spicy. It is always crowded and you can constantly hear an undercurrent of chatter. So if you are in for a quiet dining experience, this may not be the place. For dessert you can always hop over to the crepe place on the opposite side of the street. I recommend plain old nutella and banana. And then a nice long walk to the car after.......
This is the place for Burmese Food in the city. Chicken dahl and coconut rice with the tea leaf salad is a divine combo for dinner. Also try the refreshing ginger lemonade! And a secret to avoid an hour wait is to call ahead and request that they add your name to the waiting list.
This is, by far, some of the best food I have ever eaten! The samusa soup and tea leaf salad are so flavorful and delicious. I would eat there every single day if I could. The wait time is insane most days of the week but it is worth it. I once waited 1.5hours for a table and had no regrets!
I heard and read so many good things about this place for more than half year. Finally, my friends and I came here for a late dinner (around 9.15pm) for the 1st time since there is no more line at that time! The staff were nice and recommended us a few dishes (tea leave salad, etc)We ended up ordering some Burmese dishes and didn't like them. The Pork Curry was salty and greasy. The beef was so sweet and salty. The garlic noodles taste ok though. Perhaps, we didn't order the right dishes. Yet, we won't come here again just the fact that the line is just too long. I think Burma Superstar is over rated. If you come here for dinner, lunch or even brunch on Sunday, be expected to wait at least 45mins-1hour.
Hyped much? Don't get me wrong, the food is good. The two hour wait on a weekend night? Gaaaah. I give myself reminders of when I should really go.The food is served artistically. The ambiance -they must have a gay/metrosexual designer friend to help. This is a place I would definitely want to take a 2nd date.The plates and servings compliment and complement each other. The space is a little small for the scale that they do. (hence the two hour or so wait). I do like that you can put your cell # on the list and walk around the neighborhood. That is a nice touch.The food is nice, but it isn't the spicy I like in other Burmese places I've gone to. I think this is the only place where ambiance match the food.
We had lunch today at Burma because we were in the neighborhood. It was my first time there and I LOVED the tastes. Service was awesome too!
Absolutely delicious. Get the tea leaves salad! Great, friendly staff and fantastic ambiance. Must do in SF. No AmEx here.
I'm reviewing this restaurant as a south-east Asian. Saw great review from yelp and the fact they were featured at Food Network, I decided to give it a try. First glance at the menu, the food strikes me at having strong influence from India and some south-east Asian dishes, coming more from Malay ethnics groups (Burmese?!). We have two dishes featured at Food Network, tea leaves salad and the samusa soup. The former is interesting, the tea leaves added an unique taste but not wow. I'm not sure if it's b'cos lettuce was used (not a big fan for lettuce). The samusa soup was just okay, diluted starchy curry soup with a touch of lemon. My husband (non-South east Asian) loved it but I didn't like it as much. We also ordered chicken casserole, very similar to chicken biryani. Tasty but I have had better. The last dish was chilli lamb. It's very tasty, but very greasy. We also had the cooler (beer + lemon + ginger), very summery ...Overall, there is not a dish that would me dying to go back. Maybe, I would try rainbow salad next time, which is another dish featured at Food Network.ps: Very clean for some Asian restaurant standard, but it's a bit more pricey in that category too.
Excellent variety of tastes in the Burmese dishes!
This is the only Burmese food I've had so I have no basis by which to judge its authenticity, but I have to say the food is creative and delicious. I could make a meal out of the samusa soup and tea leaf salad. I'm a tactile person so the variety of textures in the salad is right up my alley.
I've only eaten here twice and I don't think I'm ever going to go back. Not because the food was extremely nasty or the wait staff were horrible but because I didn't feel well after I ate the food the second time I ate here. That made up my mind about the place.It's pretty pricey and it's always crowded. The wait is horrendous even if you sign your name up. The first time I was here was for my cousin's birthday and we waited for over an hour for a table. If it were up to me, I would've left after 15 minutes! Food tastes pretty similar to Thai food. Parking is horrible....then again, it's Clement Street.
This is how good the food is at Burma Superstar:1. I once waited 2 hours, without complaint, on a busy Saturday night to get seated. Sure, I could've gone to another restaurant, but why pass up magnificent food just to have something convenient and inevitably subpar elsewhere? (Too bad I hadn't known at the time that B Star was just down the street.)2. After having their vegetarian samosa soup, I went on a Google rampage to find a comparable soup in San Diego (no luck thus far).3. You would think that rice tastes the same everywhere, but their coconut rice and brown rice add a new dimension to rice.What I like to order: veg samosa soup, nan gyi dok, tea leaf salad (although a tad too salty and sour), eggplant with garlic sauce, sangria.
Really great place. Went at lunch so had no wait. Wok cooked brocolli (in wine and garlic sauce with fried onions) - absolutely delicious. Sesami chicken w/rice - delicious. Mongolian chicken: deliciousGinger lemonade: different, but good. 5 stars.
Ahhh Burma Superstar. My mom was so confused when she got back from Myanmar and found a Burma Superstar charge on her credit card. I thought she wouldn't notice (she did), but figured she would blame my sister anyways (she did). I wish all the food I had already tasted at Burma Superstar wasn't quite soo deliciously spiced...then I would be more likely to get experimental and try all the other things on the menu. I highly recommend the Samusa soup with a beer; the back of the throat spice can really hit you without a cooling Chimay. Oh, and after all the hearty, tender, unusually spiced, and delicious entrees in the middle, definitely save some room for the Mitchell's mango ice cream. It is a divine finishing touch.As to the wait, Burma Superstar is definitely worth the expedition.  I think that it singlehandedly bolsters many of the surrounding local businesses that stay open to accommodate all the loiterers. For those wasting time, my recommendations are Green Apple Books on 6th St and the 6th Avenue Aquarium. For those who don't have time to wait, you can call and put your name on the list ahead of time, get takeout, or go the sister restaurant, B Star Bar. And for those who have waited 2 hours, shivering and hungry, while watching other people chew slowly, I suggest calling the phone numbers on the list ahead of you and faking emergencies like a house fire, injured pet, or car accident that require immediate drop-your-fork-and-run attention.
This place is totally overrated. Go to Yamo instead. It is way better, you get to watch them cook, and they are even rude to you! I think they saw two whities and automatically assumed that we couldn't handle any spice. WTF? I hate when that happens. I guess it's payback for all those years we've oppressed most of the world. Oh well, I guess I can take a little payback.But really, don't waste your time here. Go somewhere else.
Maybe I'm just lucky everytime I go here, but I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to get a seat. The line is always crazy, but I've managed to get in every time.The food is great. You always know what to expect here, and I like that. Prices are worth the quality of food. I don't mind paying a little more if I know I'm going to get great food all the time. Service is pretty spot on too.I love the salads here as well. Very fresh, however the salad portions are a bit small. I usually get the catfish chowder, which is a bisquey soup with noodles in it. The coconut rice is my favorite. Really coconutty and great. The entrees are great too. Anything shrimp or curry related is delicious. My mom once got the garlic noodles, and didn't like it too much. The wait might suck, the seating may be cramped, and it may seem chaotic but the food is really amazing.Screw Mandalay, Burma Superstar is the best. Actually, don't even go to Mandalay.Just wait here. You'll thank me later.
I wanted to give this 4 stars and actually, in fairness, would give it 3.5 if I could. The restaurant was packed, as expected, but we had called ahead to add our names to the list. We only waited about 15 minutes to be seated. The hostess was so kind and told us about her favorites on the menu. Our server was also helpful, knowledgeable and efficient. The food...not as fabulous as I'd heard. I loved the coconut rice and pea shoots. Of course we had to have the Tea Leaf Salad which was good, not over the top. The ingredients were interesting - tart, hot, sweet & salty, so I'm glad we tried it. Just good, not great were the wok-fried calamari, the curry coconut noodles & the pork with pumpkin. The sesame chicken was fried and in a cloyingly sweet sauce, not to my liking. Overall I was disappointed after all the hype. I am not a huge fan of noodles or super salty foods so I probably won't rush back. FYI I was dining with 3 others who did really enjoy the food. If I go back I will order the coconut rice and pea shoots again and then carefully select other dishes with the help of the wait staff.
Yummy yummy. This is a great restaurant. We ordered the infamous tea leave salad, cardamon casserole, tea and thai iced tea. Must say the food was delicious. We went there at 11:40 and the restaurant was half empty - lucky us. This was my first encounter with Burmese food and I am pleasantly surprised. Will definitely be returning!
beef in burmese style curry was amazing.
What can I say that hasn't already been said? Vegetarian HEAVEN!The samosa soup is to die for. Every veggie dish is yumm yumm yumola!The minus one star is for the wait (but then they can't do much abt it)
Went for my birthday dinner with the family and had a great experience with delicious food and drinks. Only annoying part of this restaurant is the wait and that you can't make reservations.
GET THEIR CUMIN LAMB. Nuff said.
Every time I come here, I get the best service from all the wait staff. They are kind, attentive and knowledgeable about Burmese customs. I always order the Fermented Tea Leaf Salad and if someone new is with me, they tell us the history or some cool details about Burma while they mix up the salad. Usual picks are the salad, "Oh No Cow Soy" (it's some kind of soup), or Catfish Chowder. Then we'd get something random, with Coconut Rice. yum.
What can I say that others have not? Tea leaf salad!!! Kebat, though, is not as spicy as the menu would have you believe. Delicious though. In fact, the best meal we've had in a long time!Make sure you call 1 hour before so you don't have to wait as long.
I hesitate to write a review about Burma Superstar because it all seems so obvious to me (e.g. the tea leaf salad is my life line, the samosas are magnifique!, you just can't go wrong if you order any of the Burmese dishes--the Chinese dishes are good, too, but when in Rome...). However, I decided proclaiming my love for this place is worthwhile. The sangria is always different, but never ever a regret. The waitstaff is always incredibly friendly. And did I mention the tea leaf salad?There is almost always a wait but it is well worth it. If you really can't deal with the wait then you can always try to call ahead to get on the list. However, depending on how far away you are there will still likely be a wait.Anyway, I give this place 6 our of 5 stars. And to quote Nikki K.: "Why don't we go here more often?"
I called in for a table at 8:45 on a Saturday night. They told me to come by at 10:00pm. Seems like 1+ hr is the typical wait at this place, so it's obviously not a last-minute decision type of spot. Don't show up and bitch and whine about the wait because you didn't do your homework. You have to wait just like everyone else. We had to wait 10-15 minutes when we got there, which wasn't bad. Homeboy at the front was friendly enough and made several suggestions - all of which we ordered. It was my first time eating Burmese food, so I have no frame of reference. The food is almost like a Thai/Viet hybrid. We ordered the tea leaf salad, fish chowder, and a noodle dish and chicken dish (neither of which I can pronounce). All the food seemed to have a ton of ingredients and flavor. I wouldn't make this my regular place due to the wait, but it's definitely worth checking out at least once. The price isn't bad and the food is good.
Good, but not GREAT! Not sure its worth the long lines and all the hype. No complaints about the food if you can go there and get served lunch before they bring out the dinner menu.
The rainbow salad is one of the best ever. Creative and flavorful. Tried the shrimp curry- Sour. The salt and pepper chicken- Super MSG overload. I had to literally wash it with water before eating it. Most stuff is bland or sour. Maybe that's just Burmese food.Yuppie haven, overpacked. Ridiculously, ridiculously overpacked. Service is slow, but they can afford to be with over 1000 reviews.In conclusion, go for the rainbow salad (when they open, to avoid crowds) and skip all else. dress to impress. you might run into your ex.
Awesome food, good price and fast service. I come here every time I'm in the area.
Long drive out to the Richmond, Parking is a scramble.Long wait to get seated. Wander around nearby. They call you when your table is ready. Easy-to-navigate menu. WELL WORTH THE WAIT.IndoChine Chefs (e.g. Thai/Vietnamese/Laotian/Cambodian) express themselves by "competing on the canvas". They highlight/expose the natural flavor of meats/greens/leaves, and use spice to provoke contrast in the underlying substrate. In this sense they are closer to French/Chinese cooking. In contrast, Indian cooks tend express themselves by "competing on the palette" by putting a bulk of the gourmet judgement into the blending of and expression of spices (turmeric, paprika, cumin, cardomom, what-have-you), while the underlying substrate (grain/lentil/meat) is more a "carrier/vehicle" for these spices to blow your head.Burma Superstar skews towards the "Indo" end of Indochine cuisine (well, of course), but preserves a good bit of its neighborly IndoChine influence. Lot of spices, oil, turmeric, and the curries have more "body" than in other types of Asian cooking. Catfish and lamb are my favorites (though I hear the beef is good also)Recommendations- Tea Leaf Salad - (an illustration of how spice can jazz up lettuce!)- Sambusa soup - (all flavour)- Chili Lamb - (tangy, fiery, sharp, oniony all at once)- Coconut rice- Accompanied by Burmese Cooler (beer + lemonade) or the thai-style iced teas and coffees.
Place was a little small, food was good, not great, but good, but service was pretty excellent. We got our free thai teas. I had the tea leaf salad, which was decent. And the samosa soup everyone was recommending. The soup was pretty good, except the crushed up samosas were mostly soggy and not as good as it would have been, had it been crunchy. The place was crowded, but we got a seat right away. Waiters were really great and attentive. We also ordered the shrimp curry, which wasn't anything like curry, and a little too salty for my taste. The coconut rice was ok, though my friend really really liked it. I wouldn't really come back, but it is a pretty good place.
BURMA superstar, oh how I love and miss you dearly! I love love love this place. Although I'm Burmese and I get to eat my moms cooking, this place is LEGIT. The food is as authentic as it can get. One of the best Burmese restaurants I've been to by far. Their kaw sway thot?? (Noodle salad) is my favorite. Although you'll find it in the appetizer section, we Burmese people eat it as a meal. I guess they put it as an appetizer because the portion is small? Also you MUST try La Pet Thot? (Tea salad) YUMMY. You can only get this from Burma so I'm assuming the tea leaves came directly from Burma. Another traditional Burmese meal is the fish noodle and coconut noodle. Samusa are also the Sh*t! Hell with it...everything from there is good even the desert with ice cream. I can't wait to go visit my family in SF so I can go eat at Burma Superstar. This place is crowded but well worth it.
OK. So this is my very first review since I joined Yelp and to be perfectly honest, I'm a bit nervous but here goes..... A few months ago my BFF told me about an amazing restaurant called Burma Superstar. She raved about the food and said this place was a must! Then last month as I chatted with another friend, she mentioned that she had recently eaten at Burma S and told me the food was amazing. A few days later, as I sat in my hair salon getting my hair did, I opened a magazine with a full review on this very restaurant. So I decided this was nothing short of divine intervention and I had to go check it out for myself.... So this past weekend I gathered a friend and we were off to see what all the fuss was about. And I have to say that the 2 hour wait in the freezing SF cold was well worth it. Although we waited a long time to be seated, the food did come rather quickly which made us forget about the wait. Once we tasted our first course (the Vegetarian Samusa soup) we were in heaven. It was deeelcious! We also ordered the Shrimp Kebal, the Burmese Rice noodles (AKA -Nan Gyi Dok) and of course, the Tea Leaf Salad. I know some of you are going to think I'm absolutely crazy for saying this, but I did not care for the Tea Leaf salad. I felt there were too many flavors that just didn't mesh well. However, this only gives me more of an incentive to go back and try everything else on the menu. I cant wait to go back!
My first time having Burmese food and I loved it! I loved, loved the samusas and the coconut rice. The tea leaf salad was good - lots of different textures and flavors, but it was a bit salty. More lettuce would have made it perfect. The pumpkin pork stew is good when it's hot - after it gets cold, you see all the grease and makes you feel fat. The burmese style curry comes out looking very red which makes you think it's super spicy, but it's actually pretty mild. Great presentation, great food, but you do feel a lil greasy a few hours later.
Cool place, I would definitely recommend this restaurant. The service was great, but I think the salad was the most memorable part of our meal!
The pork belly with pickled greens is amazing!!!!!!! Eat this dish.
Burma SuperStarThat is what you areComin from afarReachin for the starsHa! You were singing it in your head, weren't you?
Plan ahead. Going to be hungry at 8? Show up at 7 to put your name on the list, head up the block for a drink. Don't drink? Then I can't help you--you made your bed now sleep in it. At one time it was a 3 hour wait before they opened up the sister store. My favorite dishes are Superstar Noodles, tea salad, spicy crispy chicken, the curry pork is more like a hearty stew than a curry. For all of their warnings, the chili lamb is not as spicy as they would have you think, but delicious.
a bit pricey for me, but well-worth it if you want QUALITY food!i HEART the tea leaf salad! probably my favorite on the menu... i really like the rainbow salad and the see jyet kauswer [garlic noodles with duck or pork]. my 3 favs on the menu! i really love their salads, don't care as much for their entrees, but they're ALWAYS well-cooked, but not really my taste, i guess. still really good though.decor and atmosphere seems authentic towards the burmese culture. the restaurant is a bit small and crowded but i don't really mind. gets sort of loud at dinnertime but i like it better that way because it doesn't seem like people are listening in to your conversation.as for service, they're very friendly people and are good at what they do. gets sort of busy during rush hours but if you flag them down, they will respond.lastly..... BEWARE OF THE WAIT. i've waited 1 and a half hours for a party of 3 at 7:30 on a friday night, an hour for a party of two... go early. my fav time is 11-11:30 near opening time for lunch. it already starts filling up around 11:45!! and you KNOW it's good food when people are willing to wait for it. kind of miserable though.. good thing there's genki crepes across the street, or quickly's just 2 doors down in case you don't wanna just stand there waiting. just leave your number and they'll call you.all in all... good food, kind of pricey, but WELL-WORTH IT... even if you end up waiting 2 hours, you don't really regret it. at least i don't. haha
I was hoping to be the 1000th review but it doesn't look like that's going to happen. I could wait but I'll just forget and end up being 1004th.So anyway, here's review #921 for Burma SuperStar:Wait. What's the point? 921 reviews? Aw jizz. I honestly was a little bit disappointed.. given all the hype (Pete J, Meagan M, Nicole L). I didn't take their advice and get the samusa soup or the tea leaf salad so perhaps that's where I went wrong. I thought it was all very good but def not worth waiting 2 hours or giving up my left leg.
Zoinks! This is Burma Superstar's 800th review! That should tell you something about how popular this place is!  This past Sunday, one of my most preciousest peeps and I were on our way to Danube when I saw something or rather didn't see something, which made me spin on my heels & change plans. Rather than the usual formidable line outside the deservably popular Burma Superstar, no line beckoned us inside where we found a table for two ready for us.  Burma Superstar is beautiful inside and I like beautiful places. Peep wanted to try the Rainbow Salad. It seemed every table around us was having&raving about the Rainbow Salad yesterday.The server comes to the table and describes the 22 ingredients before whisking them together. We also ordered a coupla' other favorites: MMMmmmmm. Curry. mmmmmMMmmm. Coconut Rice. mmM. The last time we were there, we brought one of my dear friends who was visiting us from the Keys. This pal of mine has bicycled her way across 43 countries, all the time refusing to add peas to her plate she hates them so much. Above mentioned Peep ordered them that time too, and my bicyclist/journalist pal was talked into tasting a tiny bit. After one nibble, she piled them on her plate that's how good the pea shoots at Burma Superstar are. Great refreshing beverages abound including lemon&ginger, beer & ginger, beer, soju cocktails, & sangria, along with an assortment of teas. Note to lovely Starla: great weekend brunch spot. There's a big round table in the back corner where a very content-looking family of 8 was dining. Peep n I thought it would be a good spot for a future celebration. No coffee, so head across the street to Danube for that.
Food was equally as tasty, but the service took a hit. The woman serving the table beside was on the ball. She approached the table in a reasonable amount of time and she described menu items very clearly to her customers. Our server, on the other hand, didn't offer us an opportunity to ask questions, arrived 6-7 minutes later so we already had everything picked out.He also NEVER check in on us, and the waitress beside us actually refilled our beverages throughout the meal.At the end of the meal, he dropped the check, and never returned. The server beside us noticed that we were getting impatient and processed our tab for us. I would go down to 2 stars since im picky about service, but since she wasa so excellent burma is going to maintain 3 stars for food, 1 star for service.
Tea Leaf Salad is a must. Great complexity of flavors. We go mainly for this. Always too long a wait which discourages us from coming more often.
Myanmar Superstar... Sorry, I mean Burma MyanmarIts not often I write a good review, in fact this might be my very first. Its even less often I write a good review on a place which is a little over priced for the ambiance and style of food and the wait to get in is stupid I mean stupid long. To put this in perspective, normally I would never wait more than 30-45 minutes to get dinner (not because I'm a snob, but because I'm an impatient snob). At Burma Superstar the first time I waited 1.5 hours and the second time 2 hrs... WOWand thats where my normal whining tone ends.The food here is ridiculously good! Stupid good you ask... yes stupid good.We've had the: Burmese Samusas Sesame ChickenFiery Beef with TofuBurmese Style Curry (beef or lamb)Best part is Chimay by the pitcher.They don't take reservations but you can call ahead and the host will call you when your table is ready. Go have a beer at the rocket room to pass the time. Seriously, give this place a try, its worth the frustration.
Don't believe the hype. The food is oooook-- to be fair, it is good, but not two hour wait good; it is good but not 5 star yelp rating good. I think the amount of reviews this place has had, has made it seem better than it is. Kind of like when you see a long line outside a club, only to find like 3 people in the club once you get inside. Anytime theres traffic, people tend to follow, whether or not it really does live up to its hype or buzz. Don't be decieved! Good food overall, but its nothing out of the ordinary. Ordered-Tea Leaf Salad *when i think salad, i want something light and refreshing--way too many peanuts and was pretty greasy.Rainbow Salad *this is a definite order. something you can't find at a thai or malaysian restaurant-as burmese as it gets.Garlic Chili Shrimp *you can order this anywhere. nothing great at all.Pumpkin Pork Stew *liked this one! tender pork with stewed pumpkin. soooo bomb over rice...Burmese Style Curry (Shrimp, Catfish) *-what is burmese curry? i still don't know after ordering this dish. taste like thai curry to me. Chef's Special Ribs-if you like that sweet/salty, and glazed meat combo, order this.Tofu Tower-i love tofu! awesome tofu dish.
The food here is good, no lie excepppt for the tea salad or whatever. I was expecting something super light, aromatic, and refreshing...and I was unpleasantly surprised. For one thing, they failed to forewarn (or maybe I failed at reading) that it's FERMENTED tea leaves...so there's an acrid taste, which makes the whole dish very heavy and earthy-complete opposite of what I ordered it for. I mean it wasn't bad in and of itself, I think it's an acquired taste, but that dish in my opinion was highly overrated.The rest of the food was great though! The pumpkin stew with pork, was super delicious! The pork was ultra tender and the pumpkin was sweet and savory. The side of garlic noodles was very generous with the garlic and very very good.
cool place ...really delicious food!!!
I've never been disappointed eating here, despite the 1.5+ hour wait. Once, we had given up after waiting almost 2 hours and had just been seated at a nearby pizza place when... I GOT THE CALL. Needless to say, we hightailed it out of there and had us some yummy Burmese food!There are some dishes that I don't like as much - I think the lamb curry and mango chicken come to mind. Although the menu describes some dishes as spicy, they really aren't that spicy at all. However, there are dishes I absolutely love, including the Tea Leaf Salad, (Not) Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil, and Eggplant Curry. And of course, you're going to need some Coconut Rice to go with those dishes! Mmmmmmm...
I went here with two of my friends on a Wednesday night, around 7PM. I had called beforehand and there was no wait, but was put on the waitlist. By the time we got there the restaurant was full. Luckily we only had to wait for about 10 min for a table.It's a very small restaurant, but doesn't feel too cramped. So per a couple of other friends recommendations, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, the Rainbow Salad, Walnut Shrimp and the Spicy and Crispy Chicken, but our waitress made a comment about how our two entree choices were Chinese, and that if we wanted the full Burmese food experience, we should try the Garlic Chili Shrimp and the Nan Pia Dok. As the menu states, the Tea Leaf Salad definitely is a PARTY IN YOUR MOUTH. Everything else was really good too. The coconut rice was a good compliment to the spicy Garlic Chili Shrimp. The Coconut Fritters for dessert was amazing. It pretty much was completely devoured 3 minutes after it arrived at our table. Awesome restaurant, but again, definitely should call ahead so you aren't waiting forever.
You need to eat here! This place is amazing. Well worth the wait. Every dish is unique and scrumptions.Highlights includeTea Leaf Salad Rainbow Salad Pumpkin ShrimpGarlic Chili ShrimpMango BeefFiery Beef with TofuDried Fried String BeansEggplant with Garlic SauceTofu Tower
Yum Yum, getcha some. It'll take 30 or more minutes to wait, but getcha some. Samosa soup, chili lamb and chili garlic shrimp--all in my belly. I have the best taste in my mouth, I can't get over it. This is one of a few places where we walk out, plan when we can return and what we'll eat next, so worth the wait and heartburn, every time.
The tea leaf salad was very good. It is a must get at this restaurant! The restaurant was pretty busy but we were still seated right away. My friend and I got free thai iced teas for checking in on yelp!
Surprisingly, this place was DELICIOUS! My friends had all gone there on a day excursion to SF...without me (we'll talk about that one later) and they all came back and were raving about the food. So the next time I was in the City visiting friends, they decided to take me there so I could see what all the hype was about.First off, I saw that the table next to me had ordered fresh coconuts, so that was already a plus in my book. Then the service was really good- very attentive. Our waitress was really funny and offered advice on how to pair the dishes together, so that we didn't have too many that tasted similar. We ended up ordering about 6 dishes, and this really REALLY good fried rice. The vegetarian soup was amazing-although at first glance it looks kind of iffy, you will soon realize after the first bite that looks are deceiving! Overall, I would say that the restaurant was great- the only sort of bad part about it is that the actual place is really tiny- we might as well have joined our table with the table next to ours cause we were that close.
I first came here a year ago with a couple friends from work and waited almost 2 hours for a table for 3. It didn't seem so bad since we were able to grab a drink at the Bitter End while we waited for their call. I must tell you that I'm a pretty quick beer guzzler, and in 2 hours I can get really full off beer and really hungry for food! That said, a review of my first visit would not do this place justice. I brought my mother here recently and waited a measly 10 mins for a table on a rainy, cold day. We had difficulty deciding on what to get, so we ended up ordering way too much food for just the two of us. It was a good way for us to sample more dishes, and knowing my mom, would box everything up in the end if it was worth eating. You've heard everyone yelp about it, the tea leaf salad is delicious. The ingredients sang merrily together in my mouth and coiuldn't decide if i wanted to eat it slowly to savor the taste, or just gulf it down cuz it's so damn good! The garlic and basil chicken was tasty, the chicken was nicely flavored and moist, as was the eggplant dish. I liked the garlic curry duck noodles but wished it came with gravy instead of the chili sauce. The noodles, I thought, were a little dry. I'm a drowner. I like to drown all my food in sauces and gravys. I love brown rice, and I'm happy to see more restaurants offering it, and the coconut rice had good flavor but a little mushy. Not ok for rice. Mom was pleased, which says a lot for a restaurant that charges $3.00 for tea. If your up for braving the rain and cold, it would be a good night to go for minimal wait time.
Burma Superstar that is what you are. I had heard the name of this and its sister restaurant B Star many times before and not until we happened to drive by it, did I get the urge to make it a dinner destination. Unfortunately, the hype had very scrawny legs to stand on.Ambiance (3): Cozy is the word of the day. Small locale with a seemingly constant wait list, you will be a foot and a half away from other diners once you do manage to sit down. Food (3): Surprised by the 3? I was and I was feeling more of a 2.5, but there is no such rating. My expectations were pretty high on this one based on the buzz and on expecting something a bit more...Thai in spices and Vietnamese in the use of chilis? We tried three dishes marked as Burmese (not all of them are) of course, and here's the breakdown.... 1. Tea Leaf Salad: unique, original, and certainly nothing I have heard of before. The Romaine lettuce in this one completely ruined the dish for me, as I could not imagine this type of lettuce being local to Burma. It kind of reminded me of Chinese chicken salad; a lot of the ingredients are from Chinese cuisine, but it seems to scream American. Bottomline, original, but very Americanized taste and I can see this in a Chili's menu. 2. Samusa soup: I like a good soup. I love Southeast Asian soups. I do not love somewhat bland Southeast Asian soups that are served lukewarm (not on purpose I imagine). It reminded me of the naan and sweet curry sauce for dipping from Banana Leaf. Again, the flavor might have been affected by my expectations, but temperature issues are not acceptable in this day and age. 3a. Lamb curry: it was ok. I was hoping for more spices and I kid you not when I say I was thinking 'I might as well be eating Indian curry delivery instead'. 3b: Coconut rice: good to go! Probably my favorite dish even though it's nothing more than a side dish. It reminded me of a similar Panamanian dish, but unfortunately the flavor gets drowned out by the curry, so don't mix them; enjoy the fine flavor as a standalone or with a light sauce.Service (3): It's ok. They do not take reservations so get ready to wait.Value (2): Overpriced. We ordered three dishes to share and our immediate thought was we ordered too much but still wanted to try at least 3 different Burmese dishes. I am not complaining about the size of the dishes, I think those were perfect, but I am complaining that the price attached to those dishes, compared to your average Vietnamese, Chinese, Thai, Indian restaurant seemed slightly high, especially the salad.Overall: I know my high expectations and also the expected flavor profile (less spices than what I was hoping for) biased my opinion on this restaurant and its food, but at the end of the day, the wait was not worth it, the parking hassle was not worth it, and frankly, I would have rather had Thai or Indian delivered from a local spot. If I happen to be in the area I might think of ordering takeout, but other than that, I see no reason to make a trip out here. Yes, I know I only tried 3 dishes, but if their top contender is the Tea Leaf salad, my hopes are not high for other dishes. I do like the restaurant name, but run away with me to another place.
Great rainbow salad.
Food was great until about an hour later when both of us where sick to our stomachs.
I've tried eating here multiple times, but was turned away by lack of parking and the ridiculously long wait. But I was so anxious to try this restaurant that I actually woke up with a hangover and went at 11:30am. No problem finding parking and got a table right away. The line started forming at noon. The price of each dish ranged from $8-13...with a few that got up to $15. The appetizers were $8-9 dollars. We tried to sumosa's...which were very good. It can be a bit spicy but not really. It comes with 5 pieces, but since we planned to have six guests, they gave us one more. My friend bailed though...so we got one extra! I'm not sure if they charged extra for it though...but nice that they accommodated us. Then we ordered two orders of noodles (2nd and 5th one under noodles), mango chicken, and lamb curry. I really enjoyed the 2nd noodle, which was recommended by the waitress. And the rice was really interesting too. I thought it was just white rice, but it was flavored in coconut, I believe. It added a nice taste with the rest of your food. So five of us spent a total of $65 without tip. For the price that you pay for each dish, I was expecting the portions to be bigger...especially because you do it family style here. I would've needed more food if I wasn't feeling the wrath of an epic Friday night. The service is real friendly here as well. I wore my Yankees hat...so I got into a little baseball discussion with one of the waiters. He likes the A's and Red Sox......GROSS! Overall, this place was great. Just try to come early...but you do need most of your party present or else you won't be given your table.
Great food, long line-up, too much smell inside the restaurant.
I love this place. The biggest drawback is having to wait--which can be a while--but I just head across the street to the Blue Danube and get a drink (beer, wine or coffee) to pass the time.The food here is great, and I've liked everything I've had, though I tend to keep coming back to the Walnut Shrimp (I like sweet).Also, the Tea Leaf Salad is a must. They'll mix it at your table, and it is AWESOME. I could survive on that alone (though that seems like a waste of the rest of the menu). The Samusas are also good, as is the coconut rice (again, sweet is good).My roommates and I took my parents here (who are not adventurous diners, typically, but my roommates were persuasive), and they didn't stop talking about it forever. It's one of those restaurants that you probably won't find outside of SF.
thank goodness we got here at 4:50p.m. (dinner starts at 5) as there already was a line outside. we decided to order all the more popular or well-known dishes as we were here visiting and don't know when we'd be back. the tea leaf salad was recommended by my sister. we were skeptical, but the tea leaf, nuts and various greens really went well together. we also ordered a sauteed chicken dish (can't even remember.. it was pretty forget-able), the burmese beef curry and bun tay kauswser, a coconut chicken curry noodle dish. the beef curry and chicken noodle dishes were both spectacular! the braised beef in the curry was so savory and mouth-wateringly delicious! the food tends to be pretty spicy so be ready with the water! overall, we were so happy our quick visit to SF included this snazzy restaurant.
Best Food you will ever eat!I think this is my favorite place to eat... ever! You might have to wait, but it is worth it. The first time we went there we had to wait an hour. I was starving, but I am so glad I waited. The trick is to call a head and put your name on the list and then go to the bar down the street while you wait. They will call you when your table is ready!
Has a good feel to the place. Not too snobby, not too cheap, its just right.Attentive service, definitely a plus. My water was never below halfway, always a good judge of good service.Tea leaf salad was on the to try list. A little salty to begin with but once everything were mixed a little more, it was good. And I'm normally not a salad person.Chicken curry over coconut rice. The chicken just melts in your mouth. Mm mm... Coconut rice, made the entree that much better.Sesame beef. Not bad. Not super sweet like other places, that's good.Good times.
Love the Tea Leaf Salad...I could eat it everyday.
See, the problem with all of the hype is that it sets up expectations that can never be met. Except the samusa soup. That exceeds all expectations.That said, the food is great at reasonable prices and the atmosphere is warm, but a bit too crowded. The service isn't super-friendly either. But, the food is simple yet flavorful. Plenty of vegetarian options.Plan on an early dinner, otherwise you'll be waiting forever. I definitely don't think it's worth waiting for.Lastly: mmmm, sangria.
I have never been to Burma and this was my first experience with Burmese cuisine. However, after eating here I am led to believe that Burmese cuisine is simply overpriced Thai-Chinese food. I can't understand why anyone would think this food is good given the multitude of better options in this city. The restaurant lives up to its name. Burma Superstar is all hype and no flavor. Perhaps food from Myanmar would taste better and be cheaper.
Impressive. There are several reasons why Burma is always crowded and the wait can be up to one-hour! Unique and delicious food, great service, good location and busy, but relaxing atmosphere. Put your name and cell number down on the list and grab a beer at the nearby bar or even browse around Green Apple Books -- someone will call when your table is ready. Another option is call ahead and get your name on the list before you arrive so you don't have to wait that long when you get there. The secret hostess cell number is 415-350-7117 :-)!Tea Leaf Salad: lettuce, tomatoes, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts, split yellow peas and imported Burmese tea leaves.Awesome. It was the perfect salad to start with. My roommate and I shared it, but I think I could have eaten it all by my self. Fiery Beef with Tofu: stir fried beef with pressed tofu, string beans, red bell peppers, with five spice, sweet heat sauce and basil. Enjoyably Spicy. Tender meat, generous portions, and yes, fiery-hot!Okra Egg Curry: hard boiled egg and okra.. I was weirded out at first, but it actually tasted really good. My roommate surely enjoyed it. Beer: light Burmese beer on-tap + ginger with lemon ale. I've had a cocktail with ginger in it once in my life and I swear I will never drink anything with ginger again. To my surprise, I actually liked the ginger-lemon beer. Maybe because it was complimentary, I always like FREE things especially when it's alcohol. It was light, full of flavor and easy to drink. The tea leaf salad is why I cannot forget my first dining experience at BStar -- my left eye will never be the same again. Huh, you say? Let me explain. Before our server mixed our salad, he squeezed some lemon on it. Well, some lemon juice squirted right into my eye. It stung so bad, I was teary-eyed all night. The server was apologetic and gave me an extra napkin... an extra napkin? I was expecting a water bath for my poor eye, but I guess that was too much to ask for. He did what he could, but let this be a WARNING for all of you to look away when lemon is present in your dishes. A place with 4 types of rice (coconut, basmati, jasmine, and brown) totally deserves 4-STARS in my opinion :-)!
Love the food! Tea leaves salad is the best! The place is fairly busy on the weekends. People should show up early to get a table.
Screw the hype and just get yourself seated at one of the twenty-two tables in this very intimate aka tiny restaurant. You are literally elbow to elbow with the next table. Given this, service is still on point and the staff is very nice.Tea leaf salad and pumpkin pork stew are two items I highly recommend. The rainbow salad and ginger beer left something more to be desired. Hint: Call ahead if you don't want to wait long as they will place you on their waitlist... even if you aren't actually there. Our hour wait was actually 30 minutes since we called ahead. Wish more restaurants did that.
Go early for lunch. Makes for a far more relaxing meal and just as delicious. Had the rainbow salad. Good but preferred the tea leaf we had on an earlier visit. I guess I missed the greens but it was interesting to have different noodles incorporated into the salad. Flat noodles with chicken curry could have used a kick with either chili or lemon juice - we added both and it was better. Yellow bean tofu was out of the world. Crunchy outside and silky insides topped with a few green herbs and a swirl of a great sauce.
We were so lucky to get a table right away without having to wait an hour. The food was excellent. The place was cramped and noisy, but that all melted away when we got into dining mode.It was a great dining experience with an author from England, a former psychedelic-rock-electric-jug player (a reclusive cult figure), and my husband. The author from England commented that it was one of the best meals he had during his stay in SF. The former electric jug player loved the food and took home the leftovers.The portions were small but the food impressed the heck out of everyone, including me, the cheap one. The very very cheap one.We ordered:Tea Leaf Salad Salad prepared with imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp (or vegetarian), fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts, and split yellow peas.Fiery Chicken with TofuStir fried chicken breast with tofu, string beans, red bell peppers, and basil in five spice sweet heat sauceBurmese Style Curry (Shrimp) Burma SuperStar's specialty curry. Garlic Chili Shrimp Wok tossed shrimp in garlicky infused oil, and topped with toasted garlicEggplant with Garlic SauceSauted eggplant with garlic, chili sauce, and scallionsBurmese Style Fried RiceFried rice made with whole yellow beans2 orders of Jasmine long grain riceand... their famous Burmese Cooler.At first I thought the Burmese Cooler was nasty, but I found that it really grew on you the more you drank it. Everyone seemed to enjoy it -- the ginger made it refreshing.The only dish that wasn't as much of a hit as the others was the fiery chicken. But that could be because the author from England didn't eat meat except for seafood.My husband was in a good mood after the lunch. Now that's a score since he is really picky about his food and complains about having indigestion whenever he gets a meal that's not to his liking.
GREATNESS COMES IN SIX WORDS - BURMA SUPERSTAR STAR STAR STAR STAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR!!!!!!Wait...stop...think about it....you know deep down inside it's good here. ;Dhonestly I don't even know how I first came across the place. I think a friend of mine dragged me over there and was kind of disillusioned when I first saw that no one was there (mid week - early dinner) but then after we were seated a bum rush came and almost gave me whip lash. I don't know exactly what we ordered...rather what she ordered. She was in control and apparently in the know. IT WAS SOO GOOD! the seating was kind of cramped but it is something I can endure for the culinary satisfaction. never tried burmese food till then. I remember there being chicken, lamb (love lamb), and noodles...lots of noodles. And it smelled so good. Surprisingly enough she had told me that it was the first time ordering these items and she said that it was just as good if not better than what she had last time. DAMN! Everything is good!It's funny that when ever I pass by there now I know exactly when they are about to open because there's already a line forming up outside. kekeke
Pretty good! I didn't mind the 20 minute wait as I've heard so many great things about this place. I had the vegetarian noodles and was more than satisfied. The curry was also very tasty. The only downside is that "spicy" isn't really spicy. It lacked the kick was I was hoping for. Other than that, great place to eat!Edit: I just changed my rating from 4 stars to 5. 4/2/08I came here tonight with my family for my birthday. Our server recommended some stellar dishes! We had everything from soup to shrimp, noodles to coconut rice. The curries were hit the spot - chicken, egg plant and pumpkin. DELICIOUS!On top of that, service was EXCELLENT! At the end of the night, they brought two birthday cakes (my sister brought them) and sang a nice for me. Our server even gave me coconut ice cream (REALLY good... and I'm not a big fan of coconut either!) on the house.
So yummy! We arrived around 7:45 on a friday night. They told us the wait would be 30-40 minutes but it ended up being more like an 1 hr and 20 minutes. No big deal, I was expecting a long wait and it was definitely worth it. We started with the rainbow salad and the samusas. The rainbow salad was so delicious! I've never experienced such a great combination of flavors. For mains, we ordered the Fiery Beef and Tofu, Shrimp Curry and coconut rice. Everything was so good! I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes.
My BF and I just had the TAKE OUT orders last night because we didn't want to wait for 45 mins to dine in. Everything we ordered it was delicious. I highly recommend,1. Tea Leaf Salad 2. Chicken Casserole with cardamon Cinnamon Rice3. Samosa soup 4. Shrimp curry5. Coconut Rice
Would 959 reviews of this place be wrong?Would I be tarred and feathered if I said that B Star might be better? Would I be banished from Yelp if I said Burma SuperStar is over-hyped and over-rated?Finally stopped in here for dinner last night after two unsuccessful tries. And I found this place to be average, small portioned and expensive for Asian food. There I said it, complete BLASPHEMY!! I'm so sorry masses, but this is truly what I believe! Maybe its because of my friends who touted the food as being just AWESOME! Maybe its the long lines out the door that often indicate a GREAT restaurant! I feel so guilty and I don't know why?So what did we have? We started with the Rainbow Salad, which had 20 different items. It included a variety of noodles, tofu, papaya, tied together with a tamarind sauce. Eh! Couldn't really taste the noodles and really didn't find any tofu. After the salad was the Vegetarian Samosa Soup. Eh Eh! Soup was lukewarm and tasted like a curry soup with bits of falaffel in it. Next on our order was the Okra Egg Curry. Only a little Eh! Okra was well cooked, but the egg seemed to be really overcooked with a skin developing on the egg white. The final dish was the Walnut Shrimp. Yum!! Crispy, with a sweet mayo sauce. Definitely not Burmese, but the best dish on the menu!All the items ranged from $9.50 to $11.50. A bit pricey for the small amount of salad and soup. Also, rice is extra at $1.50 per person. I almost forgot, the Sangria is a definite must here. It was made up of white wine, fruit juice, with bits of orange, pear, and lychee.Since I truly do want to like this place, I need to come back and give it another shot. Maybe it was just an off day for them. I hope next time, my review will be on par with the others at 4-5 stars.
Yes, this place is hyped within an inch of its life but for good reason. If you get there at the right time or don't mind waiting, you're in for a treat. The Tea Leaf Salad and Okra Egg Curry are unique and you won't find the combination easily elsewhere in the city. The Samusa soup is something else. Is it Middle Eastern? Is it Thai? Is it Indian? It's all of the above and more. I will definitely come back (not at peak hours though). When I'm hungry, I want to eat and not wait for an hour.
I'm an impatient person. I hate waiting.I get irritated when people write checks at the supermarket. I mean c'mon!!! I waited over an hour to eat here on a busy Friday night. Would I do it again?  Mos def!The good thing is, they take your number and will call you when the table is ready. So you can cruise over to Green Apple, flip through books and CDs, check out the Green Apple warehouse, check out the Chinese stores that are still open and effectively kill time. For me this is great, cause I feel like I'm doing something other than waiting.The wait was worth it... I have to admit I would gladly wait for this food again.Samusa soup - fantastic. Flavorful, aromatic, goodness. I'm no vegetarian, but this could make me a convert. Ok, who am I kidding? A must try!Ginger Salad - great presentation only overshadowed by the freshness of the dish, and all the crunchy goodness that comes with it. Don't be scared of the ginger, it's not at all strongFiery Beef w/ Tofu - another tasty dish. If you like 5 spice then you'll like this.Tofu Tower - this by far was the best dish of the evening, super good, came with greens. No words.Eggplant w/ garlic sauce - this one you can skip, nothing special, tasted like your usual eggplant dishes at most Chinese restaurants. So... check it out and go!
The soup is delicious!!! But really $12 for a bowl of soup!!! Plus the serving sizes are so small. And not everything is good on the menu. You would think with a line and wait like that all would be better than good. In addition, all the people waiting and blocking the sideWALK is really obnoxious. They should really tell those people not to block the walkway. We decided today we will be trying out less expensive, less trendy Burmese restaurants. In fact I can't believe I went there after witnessing people standing out there like a herd of animals. I will never join the herd again..... anywhere!
This place rocks - aside from the wait. HINT: call in before you are leaving to get placed on the list. MUST TRY: Rainbow Salad and the Samusa Soup! Perfect Combo for those cold misty nights
After we got over the initial shock of having to wait an hour and a half, the food well made up for it! We started off with the Samosas, then ordered the Burmese Style Chicken Salad and Vegetable Curry Delux. Everything was delicious! I would go back but possibly on a week night when not so busy.
I finally got to try the famous Burma Superstar! This place is definitely good like everyone raves, and since I had a late lunch (on a weekday mind you) the line wasn't that long. We got seated in 15 mins! This may be the fastest anyone has gotten seated there according to the reviews.Based off the recommendations of everyone, I tried the tea leaf salad, the burma superstar noodles, and the suama soup. The soup was good, and very flavorful. To give you an idea of what it tastes like think of an indian curry that's watery to the consistency of soup. That's how flavorful it was. I asked the people next to us what they had since it look so dang good, and they highly recommended the chicken w/ cardamom rice which comes out in a pan (paella style).The place is tiny, but thank goodness they did what every asian restaurant does (that's jam-packed with people), they opened up a restaurant a block away called B Star to accommodate the overflow of people. Brother's Korean BBQ (SF) did this, as well as the famous dumpling chain ding tai fong in Arcadia. The ginger lemonade only tasted like a tart lemonade, but i'm grateful it wasn't an overpowering ginger drink with some lemon in it. This helps to clear the palette a bit. Lunch Specials: Same great food and drinks are 1.75 with the lunch special.
I came here with a craving of authentic Burmese food but I ended up with very bland Americanized food which was nowhere close to being good. I do not understand why so many rave about the food here when it lacks spices and flavors. And since when do we eat tea leaf salad with lettuce?
Delicious chaos! What's that you say? No reservations... okay. Show up, write your own name on the list (don't expect a host to do it for you, there isn't one), leave the premises (there is room for two people in the doorway) and coming running back when they call you as you would not want to give up your seat in this bustling little joint.It's tasty, spicy and quick. Once the food was brought to the table, the staff disappear into the kitchen. You will have to chase after one with your snappy green chop sticks to get more water If you can't handle the heat (of the chilis).Sounds crazy? How about yummy! Saves me a trip to Asia, dinner is way cheaper than a flight.
Nice servers and a few solid dishes but I'm giving it 3 because I consistently find Burma Superstar to be a very hit-or-miss experience.I'm a huge fan of the tea leaf and rainbow salads and I think the coconut rice is divine, but some dishes like the fiery beef with tofu and green beans are downright appalling. This dish had zero flavor, not even a hint of spice, and the beef and tofu had really odd textures. The tofu was really firm and rubbery and the beef was really mushy, not in a tender way but a semi-creepy, what kind of meat is this, way. Overall, that dish was majorly blah. Don't waste your tastebuds or money. Stick to what the people say is good and you should have a pretty tasty meal.
My expectations were high because every time we drove by, there would be people waiting outside. You can't wait inside because the room is so small and packed. The room was so crowded that you can hear the person's conversation next to us. We were literally sitting right next to 2two other strangers! The waitress was nice and recommended some good dishes. Service was great. The food was pretty good if you like a lot of spices. You can't really get this food anywhere else. Some of their food was on BayArea Backroads and the Food Network. The drinks we were recommended were the ginger lemonade and ginger lemon beer. Unique, but not all that. They over-price their drinks also.Try to come on a weekday because parking is hard to find if you come on a weekend...
This was my first experience with Burmese food and I'm shocked that there isn't an abundance of these types of restaurants around. I'm not a big salad person but I have to tell you their Tea Leaf Salad is probably the best salad I've ever had in my life, yes "in my life". I mean coming from a guy who thinks Happi House's salad is freaken good. Don't take my advice, try it yourself. Other than that their Coconut Rice is pretty good as well.I also tried their chicken with lotus root and their beef curry but they were just okay. There's nothing really spectacular about the lotus root, I guess it's just the name that makes it sell. The restaurant is small so if you go expect to wait.
BURMA SUPERSTAR is truly the BOMB! I have had food from all over the world -- but never have I had food quite like that from Burma. I mean just talking about the rice -- there's nothing like it!  I've been only @ lunch on the weekdays -- but like everyone has already said it's worth going to! Once you do get a table -- the service is FAST -- almost a little too fast. You have to make sure to pace yourself or else you will have lunch in about 15 minutes. The place is SUPER busy - they really try to have a high turnover rate -- but don't let that stop you from enjoying yourself w/ their wonderful food! I've had almost everything on the menu -- at least once -- and will continue to do so!
The Wait: RidiculousThe Ambiance: What Ambiance?The Service: Not BadThe Food: TastyThis place is a trek for me...a trek I'm not willing to make anytime soon.
This was my first time eating at Burma SuperStar. I read the yelp reviews before going out. Some reviewers said that wait could be up to an hour, so I was prepared to make a quick crepe run. Fortunately, though, the wait was about a half hour long--bearable. We ordered the tea leaf salad and the samosas for appetizers. The samosas were not incredible to me...they were good, just not "I MUST order it again" type of good. The tea leaf salad was like nothing I have ever tried before. I would have to give it another try to give a reliable review. It was very refreshing because of the lime juice and the tea leaves. There were also a lot of nuts mixed in, which gave the salad more texture....For the entrees, we ordered the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice. This was my favorite dish. The chicken was very flavorful. The rice was great! I loved this dish. We also ordered the Burmese style curry with beef and a side of the coconut rice. The waitress recommended the combo, but the curry would've been great with regular Jasmine rice.
The tea leaf salad at Burma SuperStar PALES in comparison to that at Mandalay (which is richer in flavor and is far more generous in size). The tea leaf salad here is heavily cut with chopped romaine lettuce.  The other dishes, while good, also fall flat when compared to Mandalay's.NOTE: You can purchase your own pickled tea leaves in Newark, at the Good Luck Yogurt shop.... That way if you as addicted to Laphet as I am, you can satisfy your own craving! You can also get them at a few places online...
WOW! I can't wait to go back for more. Great food, and mom paid, sweeeeet. We went for dinner early, around 5 on Saturday, and we almost had to wait, so come early! Be prepared to battle for parking and be prepared for a busy restaurant. I wonder if they EVER have a slow night?Make sure you arrive with your entire party so you can be seated, and no other party steals your table when you're waiting for the rest of yours. They don't allow table squatting, so first come first served. Place is small and busy, but the staff doesn't forcefully rush your meal.The menu was a little overwhelming because everything sounded so good! Unlike any else I've tried, but there is distinct Indian influence in the food, but if you're not sure what to get the staff has plenty of good suggestions. We almost went for the rainbow salad, but he recommended the tea leaf salad for first-timers, and it was our favorite dish of the meal! So many flavors and little crunchy textures and tastes, and the fermented tea leaf paste, which looked like pesto, really kicked the salad up a notch from cool and unconventional to OUT OF THIS WORLD.The tables are small, and the food comes out super quick, so try to order your dishes in two waves. Wait for the soup, salad and/or appetizer to come out, and then order the remainder of the meal.In addition to the tea leaf salad, we tried the shrimp curry, coconut rice, samusas, samusa soup, flat noodle coconut chicken curry and broccoli. I think we had every color imaginable on our plates. Hot, spicy, creamy, crunchy.We came, we saw, we ate, and we had absolutely no room for dessert, sadly. Maybe it was just me scheming another chance for my parents to take me back to Burma SuperStar again.
I came here with a close friend who heard great things about this place. We did not have reservations so we waited over an hour before being promptly seated. We ordered the tea leaf salad, the chicken tofu kebal and coconut rice. I also ordered the sangria, which happened to be a white wine with longans and pears. I didn't know what quite to expect with the tea leaf salad, but I savored every bite of it. The waiter even puts on a show for you by squeezing the lemon and hand tossing the salad in front of you. The fermented tea leaves lends a roasted nutty and aromatic flavor to the salad, which I greatly appreciated. This was a great way to start off dinner. Next, we had the chicken tofu kebal, which was a bit spicy but nevertheless delicious. It had chicken, tofu, beans, and an assortment of other vegetables glazed in a spicy sauce that had a pleasant slight smoky flavor. This was great accompanied by their coconut rice. I did enjoy the coconut rice because it is aromatic, but halfway through the plate, I noticed some white residue that seemed to be stuck on parts of the rice. I think that was the leftover coconut milk that hadn't quite simmered out. Also, beware of the small portion of the coconut rice. It was definitely not proportional to the entree we had ordered.
Basically, they put crack in the food here. No seriously, there is no other explanation for my obsession with their tea leaf salad. Their pumpkin shrimp, samusa soup, and well, everything else I have ever tried off the menu is equally delicious. However, the wait is unbearable, the people running the wait list are offensive, and you pretty much have to wait outside in the cold as there are only two chairs inside reserved for those who are waiting to get a table. And (I am trying not to be bitter) but last time we were there we put our name on the list around 8, then they called us at 9.30 and told us there was no way we would be seated before the restaurant closed. After waiting 1.5 hours we reluctantly went next door to Qs and half way through our meal they called to say our table was ready. WTF? My suggestion? Either go early (before you're hungry), put your name on the list, and then go drink in one of the cheesy neighborhood bars while you wait for your table, or else opt for take out. Do not however, get roped into going to their close in proximity "sister" restaurant B Star. It will surely be a disappointment.
It tastes like good, high-quality Thai food with a touch of Indian. I have no idea how authentic it is in terms of Burmese, but geographically that seems about right. The one thing that baffles me is the near-universal adoration for the Sambusa soup. Why would you take something that's supposed to be crispy, and drench it in water so it looses all that texture? The curry flavor was too strong, and when you throw in the addition of falafel, the whole thing is just a mess. Other than that dish, everything else I have had there has been excellent.
Holy Myanmar batman. Just awesome. Rainbow salad, catfish soup, sticky fingers riblettes, wok seared calamari with mint salad, cucumber noodles the only down side the pork belly and pickled book Choy, greens weren't pickled and fat was really cooked out in the belly  Damn great. Only 10 minute wait, get there early. I'm told people wait 2 hours, yeah nothing is worth that.
Hands Down, this is my favorite restaurant in the city. My mom came in to visit and we went here because we both love Thai food and Indian food....Burma, now called Myanmar is right in between the two on the map. There is so much on the Menu it is hard to choose what not to order. But, without fail you must order the vegetarian samusa soup. It is AMAZING! It has pieces of samusa and falafel with vegetables in an amazing spice-filled almost curry-intrigued broth. We ordered the See Jyet Kauswer (noodle dish with garlic) with Roasted duck that was so tender and it just melts in your mouth. I can't remember the other dish that we ordered but everything you order is fantastic here. The Lychee smoothie is refreshing too. If you're in the mood for some hot tea there is an amazing black tea with a hint of chocolate to it. You must try it. The service is always friendly and quick. Sometimes you may have to wait up to an hour just to get in, but it is always worth it. Definitely going back soon. That's a keeper!
One of the best restaurants in the city for vegetarians. I wanna demote them one star for the inevitable 1 hour wait but... Yeah it's just that good. I've tried everything meat-free on the menu. No complaints.Just budget it one hour for wandering around the neighborhood. I recommend getting a bubble tea and visiting the fish store down the streets (unless you are claustrophobic or epileptic).
The entrees are as piss poor as the apps are amazing. Do yourself a favor, get a Tea Leaf salad, and a large portion of the samusa soup. The spicy crispy tofu is pretty good too. None of the other popular entrees are worth a damn.
Wow, I found a new love. My husband and I happened upon this place today. We love Thai, Indian, and chinese cuisine, so we figured we would try it. Wow, great food. We had samosas, the tea leaf salad, mint chicken and the curry pork, and we loved all of it.We had to wait a bit for seating and service is a little slow, but you can see everyone hustling about, so we were patient. Our waiter and all the staff were very nice.I highly recommend this place, and we'll definitely be back. Quick warning, parking is hard to come by and it is meter parking, so bring lots of quarters.
This place serves up deliciousness I could never have dreamed up before. My mouth and brain (and stomach, -1 star) are still trying to sort it all out.Even when there is a long line and they look up to their eyeballs filling orders of Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup, you can still make an order to go and be outta there in 15 minutes.Also while waiting we checked out B-Star (yelp.com/biz/b-star-bar-) which is owned by the same people and just a block East. It appears to have all the Burma SuperStar favorites BUT no line AND it takes reservations.
Great good, the sesame beef is amazing. Highly recommend this place. Oh ya, if you like Roti, try the Platha, sooooo good. Also try the Tea Leaf salad, it is really a treat, and full of unique flavors. Round it off with Ginger Lemonade.
Not bad, not great. I had high expectations for this place after reading the yelp reviews, but I wasn't impressed. The service was good, but the food was just ok. Everything tasted way too much like Indian food which I could have gotten at home or at an Indian restaurant. I understand that there is going to be some Indian influence in Burmese food, but I was hoping for something a little different. We brought out of town guests here, and they were not impressed either. I will say that the desserts were delicious, but the food is a little over hyped.
I've been here 2 more times since my last review, and each time the wait was about an hour for dinner on a midweek night. The tea leaf salad is still amazing and the soup is actually growing on me.  The pea shoots are superb and the curries are good. Some of their other dishes are just mediocre. They should really revise their menu and cut out some of the poor players.
After our mandatory wait outside (it was 16:45 hrs) we went inside and had to wait another 25 minutes before any of the servers paid any attention after our call for help. After that the service took forever, while diners around us already were fed and left. Again, after asking and demanding our food, the soup finally showed up, chicken noodle soup, nothing Burmese, but another version of laksa, was tasty though. I had ordered the pork belly, which showed up after my wife had already consumed her prawn dish. Nothing makes for a good dinner after people thoroughly piss you of. For her I did not leave the restaurant during the long wait and inattentiveness of the servers . I had my "pork belly" wrapped up to take home. Was totally tasteless and dumped in the garbage. Nothing better than being in a restaurant were people have a chip on the shoulder about some customers and show it !!Very bad experience, and I will never go back there again. And friends don't let friends go to Burma SuperStar !!! Do not forget that, restaurant management, but I forgot, with so many customers, you can cop an attitude.
Well worth the 3,000 miles to eat here! Rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, fried yellow tofu, and lamb curry with coconut rice, all tops! Rainbow salad was the standout with just the right amounts of each ingredient to complement each other, total pallet explosion!
Wow! A lot of people have reviewed this restaurant! I'm not sure if anyone is going to read this considering there are already over 900 reviews as I write this. So I'll make this succinct...EAT HERE! They've got GREAT TASTING food. Order ANYTHING and expect to be SATISFIED. Caution: it's crowded. But there's a perfectly good reason...they've got freakin' good food!
Not the best Thai food I've ever had, but it lived up to much of the hype. Be prepared to wait. We were able to put our name in with phone# and head home for some wine and wait an hour and 45 minutes for our table on Saturday night. We started with the popular rainbow salad. I appreciated the server pointing out each ingredient prior to mixing it up...honestly we appreciated him mixing it for us as well. As good as everyone says it is. Get it. We also got the Mint Chicken and the Bun Tay Kauswer. I appreciated the spice in each dish (not like a lot of restaurants that cater to the masses and makes dishes a lot milder than they traditionally should be). The Mint Chicken reminded us of chorizo sausage in consistency and ultimately was just OK. The Bun Tay Kauswer was amazing. We should have put in more than one order. Although with noodles, we also ordered a bit of rice which sopped up the remainder of the curry sauce. Recommended even with the wait.
Coming here is like going to the airport. You have to arrive an hour before to wait in the line and in the end it's not really worth it. Save yourself the trouble and go to B-Star which is their sister location a few blocks away. Line is shorter and they also have the Rainbow and Tea Leaf salads, which the only real reason to come here. Rest of the food is just average if you think about it.
great food but wtf? how come our first two visits you had a bunch of vegan food.... then I actually got a server that knew what they were talking about and told us nothing there was vegan as you all share fryers for everything? weak sauce. get a new vegetarian fryer and ditch the fish oils please.......
I don't think this place needs any more positive reviews but I'm writing another one. We were from out of town, heard about this place, biked over from Golden Gate park (which was so easy), and proceeded to have a great experience at Burma SuperStar. Never had Burmese before and thank goodness we did. Loved everything from the samosa soup to coconut rice and garlic noodles. We need to return to San Fran just for this place!
Was in San Fran on our honeymoon and met up with friends here as we were unable to have the large wedding. What a gem! My husband and I keep talking about how we can reproduce the tea salad at home! I ordered the Pork and Pumpkin Stew and he got the Basil chicken. We were a party of 5 and everything is family style. So I got the chance to try everything. I think being from the East Coast, when it's a cool climate like San Fran, I crave everything pumpkin. Sooooo, needless to say cuisine and climate had my taste buds singing. Got the Burma Cooler- was tasty but a little more of a zing than I had expected. We can't wait for our next trip to San Fran to return! We never ate so well =)
Holy mother of heaven. 1092 reviews! It has to be some kind of record. That number is a bit intimidating because what hasn't been said? Here we go..Initially we wanted to try Q, but there was no one eating there and we didn't want to be the only diners in the restaurant so we headed over to Burma Superstar which, like always, had a wait of about 10 parties ahead of us. The hostess said it was going to be about 45 mins-1 hr. Long lines really are a turn-off for me, especially when I'm starving, but we wanted to check out the bookstore nearby so we went there to kill some time. Around 15 mins later I get a call on my cell saying there's a table ready for us. Sweet! "We'll be there in one minute," I say. So you kind of have to squeeze inbetween tables if you're seated by the booths. I'm tall so the tables were ass level walking by and I was afraid I might knock someones Tea Leaf Salad over with mine. Be careful. We ordered the Wok Fried Calamari, Pumpkin Pork Stew, Spicy and Crispy Chicken, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, Jasmine Rice & Coconut Rice. The Wok Calamari was less like your tradional deep-fried calamari and more like a salad with squid. It wasn't my cup of tea, but worth a shot. The Spicy Crispy Chicken and the Eggplant with Garlic Sauce tasted like dishes I've had before at many chinese restaurants. But they tasted very good. The Pumpkim Pork Stew was our favorite. Pork was so tender and melted in my mouth. Generous bites of pumpkin and flavorful yellow sauce made me drool like an old woman who forgot to put on her dentures. We ordered a total of 4 dishes with our own rice and we demolished everything. No leftovers. No doggie bag. We left Burma Superstar with bad breath and a our belt buckles one hole looser with no regrets.
This place was spectacular. Great service and even better food. The tea leaf and rainbow salads were excellent, as was the samusa soup, lamb curry, superstar shrimp, and the pumpkin pork stew! All around this was great. I only wish I had anything close to this sort of place near where I live. We lucked out with a great huge round table with lazy susan for easy sharing as well.
For Burmese food, it doesn' t get any better! I had a glass of the Riesling . . perfect compliment to my meal. Ordered citrus chicken w/peanut sauce, a dish of the spicy chicken, and a plate of walnut prawns. Great choices. Wish there was room for dessert because it looked great on the other tables!
Besides the long wait, this place is great! I recommend the Samusa soup and Tea leaf salad, for sure. Tip: Call in at least 40 minutes before to add your name to the waiting list (on busy nights / weekends) so you won't have to wait outside for too long.
I'm not one of those people who dislikes things because they're popular. I really want to love this place--I live right around the corner, and am excited about exploring Burmese food--but I don't.The tea leaf salad really IS as amazing as everyone says. The flavors and textures are surprising and unique, all over the place but perfectly balanced... it's the eating equivalent of a Calder sculpture. It's a masterpiece, and I think it's worth going (and waiting) just for that. But I've tried probably 8 or 9 other things on the menu, and with the exception of the samosa soup, I've been underwhelmed. It's not bad food, it's just... not very good. Passable, but bland and neutral. I keep going back in the hopes that another dish will rock my world, but I haven't found it yet.The saving grace is that its sister restaurant, B Star, is just down the street, and everything I've tried there is excellent. (Try the roast pork sandwich.) I'd go there instead; the food's way better and I've never seen a line. There is one thing that confuses the hell out of me: you can get the same tea leaf salad they have at Burma SuperStar (it's mixed in the kitchen instead of at the table, but whatever), but it's not nearly as good. If you have the time, getting the salad at Burma SuperStar and the rest of your meal at B Star is the way to go.
yes it was tasty!
I feel better about going to a Burmese Restaurant now that some human rights progress is being made in Myanmar/Burma. Many more problems, but becoming better! With that, I love eating here, and the wait staff is always so sweet and freindly.
Tea leaf salad is definite must try! Entrees we had were delish - sorry don't remember the names. Service was awesome, really nice.My only gripes are parking and the wait are a beeyach. Definitely call ahead and get your name on the list. Oh, and the place itself is pretty small so you are seated very close to one another. Ugh, hate that.I guess I had more gripes than I thought and prob should rate as 3 stars but the food is just so good, gotta give u 4 Burma SuperStar!
love it - tried to master those garlic pea shoots at home but not even close....
This is a very popular spot if you haven't notice already with ALL the reviews on YELP.. If not, well it is popular. The waiting list could be long and line is out the door. Rainbow Salad: 22 ingredients? Need I say more? Four types of noodles? Damn it's good. You can see the ingredients and they mix it in front of you. Samusas are wonderful. Big and filled. Some main entrees I like are Sesame beef, Fiery Chicken, and the flat noodle with coconut sauce.. MmmMmmm.. making me hungry again.. Like always...
I came here years ago with some friends, and back then the restaurant was not popularized yet so there was no wait at all for a table. I like it a lot because the food is different. When my friend ordered the tea leaf salad, I thought I would be crunching down on some bitter tea leaves, but not the case. I hesitated when the dish came, and took a spoonful. In no time I was scooping away at the plate and my friends laughed. Samosas, another one where you can't stop at one, gotta have two or three..hehe, especially me, since I love potatoes. Bad bad carbs! I've gone there again a few more times and most recently I noticed they've changed the decor and the dishes were looked more fancy now. Same great taste though. The best time to go is lunch time when it's not as crowded.
Seems a bit overrated, but it is a great restaurant to try Burmese cuisine. Went there with my boyfriend and a friend of mine on Saturday afternoon around 5:10PM or so and luckily, we were able to find a table right away. Our table was the last table that was open, and I could see other people start to line up outside the restaurant ... Be sure to go there early as they don't take reservations.We had coconut chicken noodle, pumpkin shrimp stew, and chicken curry. Everything tasted decent even though the coconut chicken noodle was a bit sweet to my taste. We also have various kinds of drinks, i.e. rice drink with soju, ginger lemonade with a slight hint of alcohol, lychee drink. If you're going to eat here, you should order some drinks with it, I can guarantee that you're going to like drinks as much as the food.Overall, it's a decent restaurant to visit and enjoy good food. It's overly crowded for sure, but it's worth a visit.
I'm clueless about Burmese food and the kinds of spices used in this cuisine. So I find that the flavors found in the food here at Burma Superstar really different and kind of an interesting adventure for the taste buds. I can't even put my finger on some of the flavors I've had. But suffice it to say, it's really good. I highly recommend the Samusas and the numerous noodle dishes offered here. The patron at a neighboring table swore by the salad with tea leaves. Try the rice with five different seasonings...so complex and different. If you like spicy food, you'll be in heaven, because the Burmese are experts in this area.What a culinary adventure!
I went here for the very first time last weekend, and I can honestly say that I LOVED IT! When I first walked in, it was a little embarrassing because I showed up by myself (the rest of my family was looking for parking) and asked for a table for FOUR. I didn't know that EVERYONE had to be there. Whoops.Luckily, we didn't have to get kicked out (since the place is so busy that they just give the seats to anyone that's ready). I look around the place and thought that it was pretty small inside, but I wasn't rubbing elbows with anyone sitting next to me, so that was a plus. The waiter came pretty quick and give us our menus. My brother ordered all the food. And let me tell you, it was GOOD!For starters, he ordered the vegetarian soup (forgive me fellow yelpers, I don't remember what it's called). It looks TOTALLY GROSS but it was actually REALLY DELICIOUS. I couldn't believe it. As you can imagine, it was gone pretty quick.For lunch, he ordered Sesame Chicken, Spicy Garlic Shrimp (not even sure if that's what it's called), Beef Curry, Walnut Prawns, and Coconut Milk rice.Everything was good, but if you love garlic like I do, then you HAVE to get the Garlic Shrimp. I was really expecting the spicy, but the garlic was so overwhelmingly powerful that it pretty much canceled out the spiciness. In fact, I felt almost like I was biting into a garlic clove (which is a good thing for me). I will definitely try and bring my friends to this place when I get the chance to. So don't miss out! Go there and start eating!
I also gave into the hype. Maybe I'm crazy, but I was disappointed with Burma Superstar. We ordered the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, fiery chicken with tofu and the vegetable curry deluxe. Total take-out bill: $47 plus some change. The fiery chicken was drenched in soy sauce and the vegetable curry was mushy and the flavors weren't there. The tea leaf salad was ok, but I'd highly recommend checking out Jitlada's (Thai) Mango salad: Diced Mango, roasted coconut, cashew nuts, lemon juice, and grilled shrimp served in an edible crispy sesame rice bowl.
I could live off of the Rainbow Salad and just that. Well, maybe throw in a few pea shoots and coconut rice too, with a ginger lemonade on the side.This place is just brilliant. Friends and I always have to force ourselves to stop eating. And it's so convenient, just five blocks from my house.The best part is that struggling college kids, like myself and my friends, can go to Burma and not have to worry about how they are going to eat for the rest of the week.
Tea leaf salad is a must. Never had anything like it. Place gets very busy so get there early to get in line. Its worth it!!!!
how does the staff still give such great service always being as busy as they are..nothing bad to say ..just i wish there were more of them
I'm really rusty with the Yelping. I actually ate here a couple of weeks ago and now I'm just getting around to the review. So... the truth is that I sort of avoided coming here because I kept hearing about it's reputation about being hard to get into. Plus I'd pass it every so often and, witnessing the small setting firsthand, I figured that I'd just as soon avoid the hassle of going through a wait and then squeezing inside. But it turns out that all that stuff is worth it. Sure, the whole deal where you put your name down and then wait for them to call you (CALL you! as in, on your cell phone!) is kind of odd. And yeah, they could definitely use an expansion, if at all possible, because that's really the main thing that seems to be keeping this place so, er "elite" in terms of how many people can get in at a time. But bypassing all that, what you end up with is some incredibly flavorful food and friendly, if a bit harried, service. Hot tip: take the server's suggestion about what's good to try out. We decided to take up an offer to try a bread, and it turned out to be tres magnifique. Ahaha, look at how good this restaurant was --- it brought out the cliches in me!
My friend insisted that we come here and despite the incredibly long wait, insisted that we stick out a 90 minute wait so that we could have a "culinary adventure" and "try things that we couldn't get anywhere else" -- this was pretty much straight out of of the "Being the only white person around" entry of stuffwhitepeoplelike.wor. As for the restaurant itself, the food and service were good. I'd say based on this restaurant, Burmese food is basically your standard south Asian fare -- samusas (sic), curries, lettuce cups, etc. The fermented tea leaf salad was really good and unique, and the Burmese Cooler (beer with lemon and ginger) was tasty. The wait here (granted, we showed up on a Saturday night at around 7:30) was ridiculous, but I don't like to dock the restaurant for it if it's not their fault, and the service here was efficient and they have a reasonable number of tables. If you want to come here, call ahead or don't come on Saturday night.
First time for Burmese, even though I've seen this place many times. Met a date, so that's the reason I finally made it. My 2 cents...tea leaf salad, probably the only reason I'll go back. Not really a spicy food person, but the mint chicken was good. Service was great!
Fantastic. We ordered far too much food, but everything we tried was incredibly tasty. The way the servers mix the noodles or squeeze lemon over your dish for you is a nice touch. Small, busy, but a nice ambiance despite the line out the door and the close proximity of the tables to one another. All in all a great first experience with Burmese food at a restaurant I've heard hype about for years now.
I just don't get it.Is it because it's near the Iron triangle and some of that Burmese Super Star "Dust" is sprinkled on the food? Is it a "House of Nanking" thing? Famous for being famous?Seriously, I don't get it !We had the following dishes.TEA LEAF SALADRAINBOW SALADGARLIC CHILI SHRIMPVEGETABLE CURRY DELUXSPICY LAMBNAN PIA DOK NOODLESSESAME BEEFThe salads were pretty good, nothing to write home about. The noodles were the best dish, but the portions are tiny-itty-bitty.The curry was OK. Finally the meat dishes needs some serious work. More onions than meat.Yeah, not so sure why so many people would stand outside and wait hours for a table in this tiny restaurant. If you guys are curious about this place and want to judge for yourself I suggest you go to "Baby Star" just down he street and eat there, same menu, less wait.
I fell for this place. right off the bat, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who, after telling us there was a 45 minute wait, called and got us a table down the street at B-Star (whose food, by the way, also looked delicious) for drinks. She called my phone just as we finished one drink and had a great table for us, right next to two very friendly men who had just finished a similar menu of items that we ordered. since the tables are so close together and the atmosphere is so friendly, i'm sure it's pretty normal to have friendly table neighbors (they gave us great advice).the food. OH the food. a 7x7 100 eatsbeforeyoudie lister, i had to get the tea leaf salad that everyone is (rightfully) raving about. the waiter mixed it for us right in front of us, and as we devoured it our other dishes came, just as delicious... coconut rice, chile lamb, chicken coconut curry, and the bread (forgot the name but it's doughy and delicious)... it wasn't too pricey considering how popular and delicious it is. great place for a date. it's on a cute little street with several other restaurants, and it was just the right distance away from a bar (the plough and stars) so we could kind-of walk off our food coma. yum.
until i find another burmese restaurant, this place gets the 5th "woohoo! as good as it gets!" star. everything is delicious - the perfect balance of complimentary spices. yes, the tea leaf salad is delicious, as is the burma cooler (a satiating blend of ginger beer & lemonade). tofu okra = terrifically tasty.busy busy busy. no resos. i'll be back.
I admit I tend to get squirrel-y if I am taken to a restaurant with anything curry on the menu. But, I was outnumbered in the votes for chow, so I ended up at Burma SuperStar. After a brief talking off the ledge from my friend, I decided to try a noodle dish that I cannot remember the name of, unfortch.What I do remember is a good sized portion of tender noodles, tofu, diced veggies, and some hybrid of spice I could not pinpoint. I didn't bother asking as the flavor was great and just the right amount of heat.As others have already pointed out, the wait can consist of bitchy staredowns from those waiting and those eating.  I love it.
This place is GOOOOOOOOD. Get that Somosa Soup. You can't go wrong with the entrees.  The Yellow Bean Curry was amazing! Each plate is unique, spicy, and guaranteed to be tasty! I have been there three times in SF and once in Oakland. To quote Tracy Jordan, "I love Burma Superstar so much, I wish I could take it behind a middle school and get it pregnant."Also, the Oakland one is a bit different than the one in SF. It's not as tasty as the one in SF. It can be a tad bit more greasier. But if you gotta go there, then go!
Perhaps my favorite restaurant in the entire world, it is still best avoided during peak times as the lines are too long. The many salads are all amazing, and I am at this very moment craving the samosa soup!
If I were to become a vegetarian Burma SuperStar would be the reason. I just love spicy food and they do it well. We haven't had all the dishes but we tried the Burmese Rice Salad, the Curry Chicken, ginger lemonade, and white tea. They were all wonderful. There was no wait on this particular Saturday afternoon around 1ish. It's small but cozy and the flavors in the air are an indication of the yummy meal you'll get inside.
Great uncomplicated restaurant with fantastic food. Especially the rainbow- and tea-leave-salad! A must when you visit San Francisco.
Me and the boyfriend were wandering down Clement, hungry and not wanting to settle for just anything. Okay, maybe the last part was just me.Scenario --Me: What about this place?Him: Sure. Whatever you feel like.Me: Let me look at the menu.Him: Okay, cool.Me: Hmm... Okay, done.Him: Okay, wanna eat here, then?Me: Nope.Him: Sigh.Repeat x 10.Then a good smell crossed our path. I recognized the name on the sign immediately, having read its praises on my first favorite website. There was no line and a waitlist of about 3 people in front of us, and it just smelled too enticing. We left a name and my cell number and wandered down the block to wait at a deserted Irish pub, where I balked at being ordered a Budweiser but drank one anyway in celebration of finding an unused pool table to play with.About fifteen minutes later we get a call from Burma Superstar and trotted back down the street. As we had already chosen what we wanted to eat based on the menu outside, ordering was quick and our food came about five minutes later. The benefits of a small dining room, I guess. We split plates of garlic noodles with BBQ duck, fiery tofu and chicken and a dish of coconut rice, and finished our food in about 10 minutes flat. It may have been faster than that if we had used forks. I nearly licked my plate clean. Burma Superstar is an efficient, tasty machine.
The service was really good, the staff were all very friendly. The reason I am giving the place 3 stars is because the food I ordered was extremely salty for some reason. So i guess they messed up. Thought that my taste buds was on the fritz so I had someone try it too and they also said it was quite salty. Until I come back again ill re-update.
This place may have 4 stars with over 1400 reviews but I think it's just "aight". I got the shrimp burmese curry which is supposed to be the signature dish. I asked the waitress to make it extra spicy but she must have had a hearing defect because not only was it not spicy at all but it was SUPER salty!My friend got another vegetarian dish which was bland and totally devoid of salt. I mean, salt and pepper are simple spices to use..you'd think that a restaurant could get those basics down. Ok restaurant, I've had better food and better burmese.
Most places that are hyped up turn out to be a letdown because you go in with such high expectations. Not this place. Burma Superstar IS as good as the hype. Delicious! And if the line is longer than you can stand to wait, go down the street to B-Star where you can get similar food and some of the signature dishes.
Totally lives up to the hype...The service was stellar and the food was one the BEST meals I've had in San Francisco. If you like spicy food than you'll love this place. TIP: you can call ahead of time and put your name on the list. We only waited 20 minutes total. :-)
After hearing such great things about this restaurant on Food Network, we decided to give it a shot. The place is compact and gets super busy! Luckily, we didn't have to wait for too long. Vast selection of choices for non-meat eaters. I wish I could try their infamous tea salad but I was so stuffed. I would definitely go back to try rest of their star dishes. Yummy!
I've been meaning to come here for forever but because of the long wait, I always ended up trying all these different restaurants down the street instead. Today was our lucky day. We went at 2pm and got seated right away and so did everybody else that came before and after us. Maybe that's the trick. Come late. We tried the dishes recommended by yelpers: Tea Leaf Salad, Chicken Dahl, Pumpkin Pork Stew with coconut rice and regular rice. I wasn't impressed with the raved Tea Leaf Salad(too crunchy/chewy, lacking aroma that we expected) or the Chicken Dahl(a bit too salty for a curry dish and the spices failed to stand out). However, the Pumpkin Pork Stew was soooo damn good. It reminds me of this pumpkin dessert dish I used to eat when I was growing up in Thailand but better and with a savory touch. I would come back here just for this dish. Another stir-fried beef dish that the table next to us had looked good too but I didn't ask them what it was.5 stars for the pork stew but overall, I really have to just give it a 3 star.
To be honest, I was really hesitant to eat at Burma Superstar considering the long wait. My girlfriend and I would drive by and see the long line of patrons waiting to sit down for dinner. So one afternoon,when there was no hustling crowd, we grabbed the opportunity to sit down for some Burmese chow. WOW! I must say the food is DELICIOUS!!! The Rainbow Salad with 25 different spices just tickles the palate, all their beef and chicken dishes are delectable. I know now why it's worth the wait. The rest is history...Now I find myself one of the many patrons standing in line waiting for very delicious Burmese food.
This place was my first experience in Burmese food. What was I doing all my life? And it is my absolute favorite place in the city! Even after waiting an hour (or being turned away for the night after 7pm), it is still worth the wait. Nothing I've tried has not been delicious. The rich coconut rice, the rainbow salad, the curries, the samosa soup. Wonderful. Still the best spot in the Richmond.
Tasty. Mango chicken that is really, really good. Salads are also very good, though I do not know all that goes into it.Why 3 stars? Your neighbor is about 30 millimeters away and whether you want to hear about how "Mark just left Stacy without any warning whatsoever," you will, because the tables are so close together.If you happen to go during a time when there aren't so many people waiting for a table, you will probably have a much better experience than I did.
Absolutely incredible!!!  As people say, to avoid waiting an hour or more, call ahead to have your name put on the list w/your cell number. It is a bit loud but not a big deal. When we sat down, pepper and chili pepper powders were wafting out of the kitchen to the main dining room--so it's good to have a glass of water on the table right away!!Here's what we had:Spicy and Crispy ChickenDeep fried chicken breast in a sweet, tangy, and spicy sauce with chili and garlic. A bit on the overly salty side, but excellent with a cold glass of Chimay.SuperStar Shrimp Wok tossed shrimps with a chili and garlic sauce. Heaven on a plate. Take the best shrimp you've ever had and put these right up there.Burmese Style Fried RiceFried rice made with whole yellow beans. INCREDIBLY delicious.Vegetable Curry DeluxBurma Superstar's special curry made with tomatoes, squash, eggplant, lentils, and tofu. Lovely and amazing. Perfect balance of flavors.We'll be back very soon...
Review #723- does it matter what I write? I work in the neighborhood now so it was convenient for me to stop in here to get take-out for lunch today. I was hoping it wouldn't be busy- I was in luck. I got a ginger salad, which is the same as the tea-leaf salad (exchanging pickled ginger for tea-leaves). It was really, really good, and it seemed healthy. It took a little over 10 minutes for the to-go order to come out which felt a bit long for a salad. Also it was a pretty small salad for the price of $10. It looked like 1/2 of a salad.Would I get it again? If it was payday. It was tasty, I just wish I had some leftovers for dinner!
We are not from here so came here based solely on the Yelp reviews. We ordered the Samusa soup, Burmese curry with Lamb and Classic Chicken Casserole with Basmati. The soup was quite generous for a medium, we were quite filled up after that, the chicken basmati was quite tasty. We didn't get to touch the lamb curry until next day for leftovers and must be even tastier the next day. Here's the reason I took 2 stars off. I called ahead and was told 40 mins, which we waited. 40 mins later, we were told another 40 mins, then since we'd already waited, we went back and were told due to broken furniture, it was another 20 mins wait. My issue is, as nice as the guy was at the front, managing people's expectations is really important. If you had told us it was 1-1.5 hrs wait, and another 20 mins wait after that, we might've been fine, but the fact that you keep using 40 mins wait, I'm not sure what measurements you are using, it was really not cool.
Long story short: You are basically screwed for dinner (on the weekends anyway) if you put your name on the list after 6pm. Once upon a time I would've given this place 5 stars. Once upon a time they had a strictly write-your-name-on-the-list-and-wait-it-out policy. Once upon a time the waiting time was reasonable considering the awesome food you were gonna eat. Once upon a time I didn't mind sitting in a super-cramped restaurant and putting up with a lot of stuff because the food was THAT GOOD.Then at some point between 2007 & 2008 they instituted a write-your-name-AND-CELL-PHONE-for-your-convenience policy, and the wait became at least TWICE as long. No longer was it 1.5hrs tops for dinner. The first time we came across this policy, my bro and I took my parents & cousin here (bro wanted to impress cousin)--we waited 3 hours. NO FOOD is worth watiing THREE HOURS to then be seated in a super-cramped area.Okay, so I thought maybe it was because the "good" weather + Saturday night = long wait. WRONG...two more times and the waits were about 2 hours each and we arrived 10mins after they opened for dinner service. I don't even wanna know how long other people waited after us because that paper went to two pages within 30mins.Then I hear how Boyfriend and his friend had to bail on this place because the wait was ridiculous and ended up finding a Burmese place on California that was just as good. He doesn't remember the name, but just thought I'd throw that out there for you guys.Luckily for me, their new location is more convenient (and at 830p on a Saturday night, me and my girl friends got seated immediately), but dang...the wait at this restaurant alone actually makes me glad I now live where I do...almost. (and I used to live a short 5-10min walk from Burma Superstar...I can't believe I used to live in such an awesome area and didn't know it...ah but I digress...)People, you should only wait 3 hours for food if we've had a massive earthquake and the Red Cross is the only gig in town, ok?Veggie notes: definitely things for you to eat, and they're GOOOOOOD. This place gets 3-stars from me on food alone.
Reading the reviews here, it has become apparent that SF Yelpers have lost touch with reality. Maybe it's a side effect of living in the bay area with 10,000 4- and 5- star eateries competing for your business, you've found so many culinary nirvanas that you've reached some super-nirvana where even Burma Superstar isn't worthy of your 4-star vote, or perhaps you just like voting fucking amazing holes-in-the-walls 3 or less stars to "buck the trend" and to prove you're too hip to eat at this place now that the commoners and tourists have discovered it.Don't listen to the lies. The food is RIDICULOUS. Worth waiting 2 hours in the cold for. You could probably add a third hour of waiting and some snow or softball-sized hail or a zombie pandemic, and I'd still wait for a table. (Thankfully, for those of you who are NOT stupid procrastinators, calling ahead works perfectly -- we called in at 6, got in at 7 on a Saturday night)It is a small restaurant. Very small. A dozen tables at most. Very little room to maneuver. It is comical to see 8-10 people wedged into the phone booth-sized curtained entryway to keep warm. Waiting and cramped-ness aside, the food is worth the wait. Five of us went in and ordered enough food for ten. Quick rundown:* Soup is quite possibly the strangest mishmash of ingredients (Falafel....samosas....in my SOUP?!) but so, so very tasty. * Tea salad lives up to the hype. Crunchy and salty and about eleventy billion things going on at once. It's like eating pop rocks and listening to psychobilly while high on acid, except with less post-trip vomiting.* Everything else was distinct and unique, kind of like having Indian food prepared by a Thai under the supervision of a Chinese, or some combination thereof.Spice heads should order the chili lamb, ignore the waiter's attempt to warn you that it is "very spicy," and advise him to tell the chef that you've seen spicier food in Wisconsin. They'll give you a little extra sumthin' sumthin' on the side to kick it up a notch.Wash everything down with Burma Cooler. I think it is entirely possible to drink several gallons of it at once.Dessert is a must. Exotic and sweet.Revel at the fact that your inappropriately gigantic meal cost about $30 and you have leftovers. As you leave, greet the impatient "ABOUT TIME" glares of those waiting outside (who have no doubt been watching you eat for the past hour) with a satisfied grin and a proclamation that "it's worth the wait!"
Although many reviewers mention the long wait, my friends and I didn't take too much time to get seated. (My recommendation is to go in small groups.) The resteraunt is small and quaint but the food is absolutely delicious and very authentic! I've tried the so-called burmese food at other resteraunts, but most places serve more chinese or indian food that the authentic burmese food. Yes, I do admit that I'm not Burmese but my friend (who's parents are from Burma) says its authentic, so it must be! I love Burmese food because they're so distinct in flavor and actually very healthy. I would definitely go back there and stand in line again :D
I'm the 934th person to review Burma SuperStar, so there's nothing new to add here. So what are you waiting for? Get in line! It's a long wait, but totally worth it!
Aside from the long ass wait time, this place is AMAZING!! There is a reason why it takes a million years to get a table... the food is WOW! I dream of their sesame chicken and samusas... if you don't go, you're definitely missing out on the BEST Burmese restaurant in SF!
Came on a Thursday night at peak dinner time with a group of 7 people. Ordered their Tea Leaf salad (Mandalay's was better), Rainbow salad (made from 22 ingredients!), Superstar noodles and a bunch of other dishes.We had to wait for our table and wouldn't be seated until everyone had arrived (they don't take reservations). The place was packed and they sat us at a table meant for six and added one seat which happened to be in the middle of the aisle, so I was getting bumped into all the time. Service was decent and the food was pretty good. I'd come back, probably not during a peak eating time though.
I ate here today for the first time ever, and I will absolutely be back for more. The food is simply amazing--so flavorful, huge portions, very nice staff. I'm not a vegetarian, but there are many options for those who are. As others have mentioned, the tea leaf salad is to die for. I also had the butternut soup--the smallest bowl easily could have been shared as it's a hefty portion and it's a very rich soup. I also got the portobello and veggie pot pie--again, very rich, with lots of coconut milk. Everything tastes so fresh and complex. I think the only downside is that it's very easy to over-order. I couldn't finish my entree and took most of it to go.Not that you'd need more reasons to eat here, but a nice side note is that this business is very philanthropic and community-focused, so you can feel great about supporting them.
I want to eat at Burma SuperStar every day. The wait was only about 15 min on a sunday afternoon and we drank fragrant cups of complimentary tea while waiting. The hostess was very kind and polite and thanked us for waiting when she sat us down; a nice touch. Ambiance inside is warm and cozy, with a fair amount of ambient noise which I find makes conversation with your table mate easier.we had the Samusa salad, which was a delicious blend of vegetables, roasted peanuts, warm samosas, in a garlicky/minty sauce. As others have mentioned, dishes are finished at your table side.We then ordered the citrus chicken, dried sauted green beans, and two types of rice (coconut and another type with cardamon and spices). The chicken pieces were perfectly roasted and spiced, resting on a bed of watercress, the beans were not too garlicky. My husband loved the spiced rice but I found it strangely similar to "eating incense". The coconut rice, though, is a dream of creamy warm comfort food and can be eaten alone as dessert. I was shocked (in a good way)by the subtlety of flavors and textures.This place is very busy and must move tables over fast. However, we did not feel rushed. Several times we were asked how we enjoyed the food, not as the usual perfunctory question, but from a place of truly caring about sharing wonderful cooking and flavors. We were thankful and frankly complimentary on everything. As she brought us the bill, our waitress also brought over a huge scoop of coconut ice cream, as her gift. Now, I love ice cream and anything coconut usually gets my attention, but this was honestly the best ice cream I've tasted. It had pieces of fresh coconut in it and a delicious texture and flavor which kept my mouth singing all the way home.What a yummy way to finish our meal!I will definitely be back, perhaps more for take-out as on weeknights the wait could be prohibitively long. However, take out orders are ready in 15 min or so.Burma Superstar absolutely deserves its cult following.
The tea leaf salad is out of this world and their different rice varieties are unique and delicious. I have been here a total of 12 times and half of those visits we were neglected a little and sometimes a lot primarily b/c they are just soooooo busy. Appetizers, salads and entrees coming out of the kitchen all at the same time spoils the ambiance but we keep coming back for the delicious food. The wait is brutal so don't forget to put your name on the list! See you there!
I have to admit, the first time I ate here, I left unimpressed. Possibly because I didn't know what to order.The second and third times, I went with someone who knew which menu items to get and I left full & happy. SO, not all dishes here are homeruns, but stick with the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, coconut rice (as mentioned by everyone else - for a reason!) and you won't be disappointed.Also, another bonus tip: write down your name and phone number and head over to one of the neighborhood bars. They'll call you when your table is ready. Time passes a lot faster, trust me.
This place is pretty awesome.. It's not that easy to find Burmese food. Unless your family or friend is Burmese.. hehehe.. I live in and LA and was up in SF for a wedding. I found this place on Yelp.. I thought i'd give it a try and it was pretty good.. I had the tea leaf salad, nun gee dok , lamb curry with coconut rice.. It was pretty good.. I would go back again to try some more of that stuff when i come back in town. ADVICE: Call in and put your name on the list!! I called in at 7:15 and got there at 8:30.. I was not seated until about 9p.m. It can be a long wait.
Came here with mummy and daddy on their first visit to the West Coast to see their daughter doin' her thang in SF. Of course the wait was long, but we spent the time conversing with the three other Indian families waiting for a table...I don't think I've ever seen so many Indian Families in San Francisco with the exception of the line in front of the Indian Consulate on Arguello every morning.Didn't know what Burmese food was, and my friends who had been to Burma Superstar were cryptic (perhaps induced by food euphoria) on their descriptions of the 'Star ("delicious", "totally worth the wait", "there was this salad, with like 100 ingredients, and they mix it up in front of you....i think there was papaya in it....yeah, papaya").Anyway, my parents and I ordered the "Salad with 100 Ingredients" aka Rainbow Salad (with 22 ingredients, one of which is papaya), Samosa Soup, Vegetable Curry Delux, Poodi (Potato) Curry, and Superstar Noodles. We also ordered Plathas (Burmese Paratha) and Lychee Sangria (which both my parents and I loved...the perfect blend of two cultures!).Delicious. Great service. Go for the Salads, Samosa Soup, and conversations with other waiting patrons.
service: excellent - friendly, attentive, quick, chilllocation: a little small but bustling, busy and fun food: unique and flavorful, but i actually think this restaurant is over-hyped. dont get me wrong, the food was good! but considering the price and what i was expecting, i was slightly disappointed. i came here with two of my friends and we ordered the three most popular dishes here to share family style: tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, and samosa soup. the samosa soup was delicious and definitely very unique. there are large pieces of samosa, falafel, and potato in there and the soup broth has a great peppery spice to it. as for the salads, if you want salty, go with tea leaf salad. if you're more in the mood for something sweet/light/noodle-y (?), definitely go with the rainbow salad. some advice on battling the crowds and hour long waits: go on a weekday like a monday or tuesday [it's still crowded but not as bad] and if you're nearby, you might be able to call in and put your name down if you let them know where you are. i live down the street and called in just to see how long it would take to get a seat for 3 people, and the guy who answered the phone was really chill/nice. he asked me where i was and if i'd like to just put my name down since i was so close. i was seated immediately when i walked over 10 minutes later.
Finally tried Burma Superstar, the food does live up to the hype...it is fabulously delicious. The service is fast and friendly but it is way too crowded for it to be attentive. I felt rushed since there were so many people waiting for our table. The Samusa soup is amazing, the tea leaf salad was a bit underwhelming but delicious nevertheless. We shared one entree and had a few drinks...about 80 buck plus tip, not terrible, but I think it is overpriced because of the hype. Plus the dessert that they were out of and we never got appeared on our bill, just an oversight I am sure, but it shouldn't happen. Like I said, it is too crowded for its own good. They need a second location so they can pay closer attention to the customer and make the experience about more than tasty food.
(Que music to Ghetto Superstar) Burma Superstar, that is what you are! Cuisine from afar, reaching for the starsGet in my tummy, Tofu curry yum. We can eat it all day long, uh-huhFrom the morning until night, uh-huh. Yup, I enjoyed the food here so much that I was inspired to write a song for it, and I have a feeling I'm not the only one. I bet there are odes and slam poems and symphonies written for this place. As we were walking in, a man busted out freestyle declaring his love for the samusa soup and the tea leaf salad. At first I was skeptical about the tea leaf salad, I thought it would be kind of like eating a bay leaf or something, but no it was nutty and earthy and delicious. The samusa soup is spicy and salty and comforting. Most of their vegetarian dishes are also vegan (except those with eggs) and they're all fabulous! The wait isn't too bad if you take refuge at the coffee shop across the street, or, you know, you stand around out front free style slamming about how delicious the food is.
Burma Superstar. Not a bad place but i never really understood the line the few times we've been to. The food was ok, ordered the Tea leaf salad once and once was enough. The mango salad was good and all the flavors were good. For the amount of time spent waiting for a seat to have this food I think of other Thai or Burmese places to frequent rather than here. Sorry to say but it wasn't memorable enough for me to warrant a fiver.
awesome food.. tea leaf salad and samosa soup is a must have..
Place has gone way downhill in the 10 years I've been going thereService in particular is no longer friendly local but more rushed and condescendingMenu prices just keep going up, quality of food droppingThe long line of obvious not-SF residents is getting old, stay home B&T people!
Obviously, there are a lot of similar reviews of this place because IT IS AWESOME. Who knew Burmese food would be so amazing? It's the best combination of all the foods I love. The Tea Leaf Salad is a MUST. I don't live in SF and I might need to move there just for this restaurant.
I have been eating at Burma Superstar for years. I have read about the influence of Indian, Chinese, and Thai in Burmese foods, so I was really excited to check it out. The food is fantastic! Certain dishes are reminiscent of cheaper Chinese fast-foods (.E. Lemon Chicken), however the taste and quality is so much more! The staff is very friendly, and takes the time to attend to your needs. They will actually ask you if you've had certain dishes before and will explain what they are comprised of if not. Recommendations: -parking can be a pain-Must try Tea Leaf Salad-The lemon ginger drink is a great afternoon refreshment-The house sangria often has lychee.-Must try Samosa Soup - House Samosas have their own style of falafel. -Must try coconut rice.
I've never been rushed through a dinner as much as I was tonight...a Wednesday night at 8:30! And the place wasn't its usual crowded scene. Disappointing because I've had pleasant experiences here in the past. We were two bites into our starter when the first entree arrived. Two more bites and the second entree arrived. We hadn't even finished eating entrees when they started asking us if we want dessert. Kid you not, we were asked four times, in rapid succession, by three different wait staff if we wanted dessert. Finally got the point across to them that we hadn't yet looked at the dessert menu. By then I was annoyed and didn't feel like ordering dessert only to have it shoved down my throat by wait staff. The bill process was no less rushed. Again, three different waitstaff stopped by the table four times to collect our money, in a matter of TEN minutes. We couldn't even finish our drinks without being hounded to pay the bill. From the time we sat down to the time we departed was 45 minutes. If you're the type to devour your plate in less than five minutes then come here. If you'd like a pleasantly (standard) paced dinner experience go elsewhere.
delicious, but they should re-name this place HEARTBURN Superstar...holy shiiiiit. My friend and i just about died.but with food/service so good, you would have to cut off a limb to keep me from comin' back.
4. 5 superstars (solid 4 for the food, extra .5 for great service)What can be observed that 775 Yelpers haven't already? Not much except that yes, it really is ALL that. Definitely worth the wait, which is renderened as painless as possible by the fact that they take your number freeing you to peruse the fishies at the aquarium store down the street. I was hesitant over the Burma Cooler -- first sip seemed like plain old beer but then morphed into a tangy, gingery-tart treat when paired with the tea leaf salad, vegetable curry and chicken biryani. And if you are debating over the coconut rice for any reason... just do it. You can never have too much rice, nor too many flavors thereof. Service was seamless, convivial and extremely well-orchestrated (love that they toss your salad for you tableside -- it's those little things!) despite an earthquake going off seconds before we were seated. Didn't even phase the staff.
I've been to Burma Superstar twice now, and eaten burmese food in various places around the country about eight or so. I'd been told by friends that BS was incredible, and well worth the wait. On a Saturday night, my boyfriend and I went around 7 and put our name on the list. We were told the wait would be 1.5 to 2 hours, and went to get a drink, came back, got another drink, then ended up waiting until 9:15 until we were seated. We knew what we were in for, so the wait didn't make us mad. The hostess was nice.Unfortunately, when we sat, the experience was lackluster at best. The waitress came and asked what we wanted about 5 minutes into sitting, and I asked to start with Samusa Soup. No more than 1 minute later, it was in front of us. Delicious, as expected, and as we began to eat, the waitress arrived again to know what else we wanted. We asked for two curries and rice, and she actually advised against us getting two rices. Sadly, about 1 minute after ordering that stuff, as we were still digging into our soup, someone came out and stacked the main courses on to our table. With that, the waitress vanished, and I never saw her again. After waiting over 2 hours for a meal, all my food had come out in no more than 6 minutes time, all at once. My boyfriend's food was good, but the burmese style lamb curry I got was sadly bland. I've had that meal several places, and this version had zero spice, and was very, very disappointing. After flagging down a random waiter, I got two thai iced teas, and later, after sitting for a while with no rice, I found someone to bring me more of that.Now, I know BS is supposed to have a long wait, poor service, and fantastic food. But my experience last night was that of a long wait, fast service that made me feel I waited 2 hours to be rushed out in 30 minutes (whether I enjoyed my food or not) and absolutely horrendous service. On top of that, 1 of the 2 items I ate was one of the blandest burmese dishes I'd ever had.If you want to experience this "event" check out BS -- it is by no means horrible. But it's definitely a one-time deal. There are plenty of other Burmese restaurants in San Francisco that are as good (or better) than this one. This lives on extreme hype. One really nice thing that did happen: At the end of the meal a random waiter asked if I'd been there before, and when I said yes, he gave me the special hostess number to call ahead and shave off a bit of the wait. I'm not sure I'll ever use it, but it was really nice, and I will keep the card for possible take out opportunities.
I liked it! What can I say? The wait on a Friday night was about an hour and a half. No, we didn't know at the time that we could call ahead.But we did leave our cell, and after a beer down the street, just decided to join the rest of the crowd out front. It should speak to the restaurant that my friend and I both ran into people we knew that were also waiting for tables---and no one actually lived near the place.It's cozy inside, which was a nice refuge from the cool drizzle outside. We shared the vegetarian samosas, the textured salad (the one with all the nuts), the duck curry, and the walnut shrimp. Yummy beer. All good, very quick and efficient service.It was a solid experience, but not the best food of that type I've had in my entire life. Would definitely, however, come back again.
Been here twice and I can say this:- the wait is crazy (but not as bad as Shabu House)- it's crazy hot in there because of all the people crammed in- they need some crazy better air circulation- the coconut rice is crazy awesome- you'd be crazy if you want to hold a romantic/private/non-shouting conversation in here.
Wow even waiting 1.5 hours and missing the reservation reminder phone call, I am so glad I stuck it through to eat here. When you get to the restaurant, you sign up and probably see 20 parties ahead of you - so you can leave your cell. Silly me must have turned off my ringer when I went to a bar to wait out the long wait. Thankfully the host put us back on the list. I ate with vegetarians and I'm a big ole meat eater, but I have to say the menu is so comprehensive and filling, that I left the restaurant feeling content and oh so happy. The Samusa soup has to be the best soup I've had in a long time. The tea leaf salad was also very good. I will go back again and again - if i get in...
Recently visited this culinary paradise. While the wait was intense (2 flippin hours!), it was well worth it. We almost gave up and went to another Burmese place with no wait (Mandalay, I believe?) but alas, the clouds parted and the gods came down to bless us with a table. We went with good, good friends who had never experienced the place. When I realized that we had never "burma-ed" with them, I was sad and surprised. The Burma is an experience to be shared with all loved ones! As much as the mister and I hyped it up, our guests were not disappointed. We ordered: tea leaf salad (oooh tea leaf salad), rainbow salad, chili lamb, walnut prawns, chicken pumpkin curry and garlic noodles. While the portions are on the smaller side, the flavor is on the mouth-watering side, so it evens out. We left totally blissed out and in Burma Superstart heaven.
Burma Superstar, will you marry me?Like most good things, you have to wait for this (maybe an hour, maybe 20 minutes). But the tea leaf salad alone is worth it...and the samusa soup... and the coconut rice. Hang out at Green Apple Books while you wait. Don't bring a big group. Come on a weekday. And eat your food and get out so others can enjoy too.
I have been going to this place since my college years more than 15 years ago before they spiffed up the place and got those raving reviews. ( It used to be a dark, run-down hole in the wall restaurant. ) All my 3 stars go to the food as it's delish authentic Burmese food! But with the long wait and the spotty service the last couple of times we were there and parking was never easy... You won't see me standing in line any time soon. Maybe the strategy is to go there before 5:30pm.
** Note: actual rating is 2 1/2 **Just getting around to writing this one up... I came here for lunch with coworkers a few months back. We were seated right away and the wait staff was very friendly. All three of us enjoyed our meals, the portions were generous, and I especially loved the Thai Iced Tea. BUT... later that afternoon I got a not so good feeling in my stomach. And the smell of my left overs made me nauseous so I had to throw them away. Conclusion: the food is good, but I'm not sure the aftermath was worth it. I'd go back for the Thai Iced Tea though!
My coworker invited me to lunch and I asked her to recommend a place. Burma SuperStar she says--raving about the good food and how some of their dishes were featured in the food network. Yeah, yeah big deal! We sat down and ordered the Tea Leaf Salad- she raved about this salad to no end. I tasted it (ummm...different) but nothing to write home about. Then she ordered vegeterian noodles that was room temperature. Uhhhhh! Why I asked in my mind! Then I ordered the lunch special- Sesame Chicken. Ok-but again I have tasted better elsewhere. My view-this place is ok, portions are small and food is nothing to really rave about. I agree that my tasted buds must be different from others. The price was not worth the food.
Have you ever had Burmese food? If not, it's time for a life-changing experience -- but beware the long lines!
-1 star because it is quite pricey (it really need not be... it's not the biggest platters).4 stars because the food is GOOD! I'm allergic to seafood, but the BF liked the tea salad very much. I liked the garlic noodles, broccoli and sesame chicken. Try it!
Best food in the city! My fiance and I come here every chance we can. Very affordable and friendly staff! The Rainbow salad is a must have!
this place was highly recommended to me by a friend and I can say it was definitely worth driving there. the food was simply amazing. I'd be happy to go there more often if only this place was closer to Russian Hill...
Best Burmese this side of Burma. Very good food, but very busy. Your best bet is to call for take out and not wait for 2 hours.
remember having dinner here for john's birthday... the place is small so its kinda crowd... the food was just ok, didn't really blew me away or anything... but you pay so much for so little, i would expect more for the price... oh well... would i come back again.. not really :P
My last two experiences here were great. First off, I would never come here during normal peak hours because waiting for food that long is not worth it to me, it could get stuffy in here I remember when I did come in during a peak time. But I came here quite late once and they let us in and were very nice and friendly. I love their samosa vegetarian soup even though I am not a vegetarian. It was tangy and peppery spicy, I cannot handle spicy food, so it was a good amount for me. I like their tea salad. crunchy salty bit sour and tangy, and just very tasty, you gotta try it. I really liked their coconut curry noodle. Their burmese breeze? alcoholic drink was really good.
(Part 1of 2 - Inner Richmond Burmese Eats)On one of the first occasions I ever visited San Francisco (as an adult) in 2006, my younger brother was living at 4th & Clement. I fell in love with the area, and for the week while I was in town I peered through his third story window at Burma Superstar. I watched them open for lunch, and the lines started. I watched them close mid-afternoon & preprare for the dinner rush. I watched the doors open again, and the lines even worse until closing time. The only reason Burma Superstar worked well was because we were literally 40 yards away. We would walk down, put our name on the list & then sit on his roof drinking beer until our table was ready. Now living a few blocks away (and soon to be even further), it's really only a PAIN IN THE ASS to eat dinner inside of Burma Superstar. There is far too much hype & you're rushed through your meal.The best way to eat Burma Superstar is ordering it TO-GO. Take it home or to the park instead of putting yourself through an entire evening of waiting only to spend 30-45 minutes sitting down.Don't get me wrong, the food here is awesome...I've tasted pretty much everything on the menu..It's just not worth it when you have Mandalay a few blocks away.HERE'S A TIP -- IF YOU ABSOLUTELY NEED BURMA SUPERSTAR FOR LUNCH/DINNER, GET THERE ABOUT 10 MINUTES BEFORE THEY OPEN.
wow!!! so many damn reviews...i guess i'll be the 1264 reviewer!never heard of this place till my friend brought us. The food was great, the salad was completely different and as the server serves it to us he explains the ingredients, which i thought was cool so that we know what were eating..i guess! haha! The spicy garlic shrimp was very spicy! i love spicy food..=] We ended our meal around 10pm and well what do you know there's a bunch of people still waiting to be seated!
quick good burmese food and a very reasonable price. always lively and can see why
didnt realize at the time that this restaurant was on food network, which now explains why it was so busy. after dining here, it definitely deserves the recognition.Tea Leaf Salad - PLEASE try this dish when you dine here. it will enhance your experience ten-fold. healthy sprinkles of fried garlic & peanuts over fresh tea leaves. one of the better salads i've hadBurmese Style Fried Rice - brown rice mixed in with some whole yellow beans. this dish took a couple bits to get used to, but im sure if you become a regular for this place, this would be your go-to rice dish.Eggplant with Garlic Sauce - holy ______!?! this dish is beyond good. im gonna make an educated guess & say THIS DISH right here, is what the Food Gods eat on a daily basis. usually, everytime i eat eggplant, no matter how its prepared, its one of two extremes - overcooked & soggy or undercooked & tough. but this dish is sauteed perfectly. chilli sauce, garlic & scallions make for a great trio to serve as the sauce for this dish. of all the dishes we tried/ate that night, THIS ONE stands out to me.there was one more chicken dish we tried, but i cant remember which one it was. i havent seen the Food Network episode this restaurant was on, but the recognition is well-deserved. the food is amazing, very delicious & lots of flavor with every dish we tried. im sure its pretty popular so do expect to wait for a bit in line. service was great overall. the only negative i had about this place was the size of the dining area. i felt really cramped & had little space to maneuver. but i guess this is just another sign of a successful establishment - fit as many people into a small space.
I had high expectations for this place, and it definitely deserves all the hype. We had a party of 6, and the wait was 30-45 min, which was no problem, because there is a nearby bar with Chimay on tap. Any place in San Francisco worth its salt will have at least a 30 min wait, and everyone knows this.We ordered 3 appetizers and 5 entrees which we easily shared thanks to the lazy susan in the middle of the table. I knew I wanted the tea leaf salad, which was just as great as the reviews say. This might have been the key to our incredible and affordable meal: our waitress was more than apt to recommend what the staff eats after closing.tea leaf saladlettuce cupssamusasgarlic chili shrimpthe burmese curry with lambspicy chicken with basilbeef kebatsome sort of noodle we ordered for my mom, who is not very adventurous, but liked the noodles.coconut riceEverything was delicious and incredibly memorable, and i've been craving the lamb curry even though i didn't previously like lamb. The bill for 6 people plus drinks was just over $100. With 1300+ reviews for this place, no one needs more people, especially those who don't get the hype, clogging the line for everyone else.
Update 5/24/08:I'm a bit nervous since I'm taking Mom to lunch and I'm not sure she's up to being "adventurous" in the food department today. But she loved everything! Yea! The Tea Leaf salad is amazing and definitely better than the Rainbow Salad. The Samusa soup was delicious, filling, and had a bit of fire. To finish us off, I ordered the Pumpkin Shrimp dish and we thoroughly enjoyed the kombocha squash in the dish. Here's a pic of the squash: flickr.com/photos/488891The wait was pretty long (45 min) but we expected that on a Saturday afternoon around lunchtime. I'll definitely be back after trying the Alameda location.--------------------------------------------------------------------------Sunday morning. Touring Clement St. with the BF 'cause I hella love Oakland and am just now discovering what SF has to offer. Hun-gray and looking for a good spot. He mentions that Burma Superstar will likely have a long wait, but fortunately for us, we only had to wait about 2 minutes for a table! Yea!My first experience having Burmese food was a good one. The Rainbow Salad was a feast of flavors (22 ingredients!). The Vegetable Samusa Soup was mouth watering. I had to control myself so I could save some for lunch the next day. Could use improvement: - The fish curry with catfish was pretty mild in flavor and I do have issues with bones, so it wasn't my favorite. The BF raved about it, thus it will be his lunch tomorrow. - I ordered tea, but it unfortunately came in a tea bag. Teance has taught me well, so I wasn't too pleased. I'll get the ginger lemonade next time.I'll definitely be back for more Samusa Soup and to try the Tea Leaf Salad.
What can I say about Burma? Anyone who lives here in the city knows that this place is perhaps one of the best restaurants around. They also know that it's on the smaller side, doesn't take reservations, and the "list" you can put your name on while waiting for a table doesn't always seem to work out right.That all being said, this place still gets five stars because the food is that amazing and the people that work there are super friendly. The sesame chicken and the spicy and crispy chicken are enough to make me not mind waiting two hours for a table. The samosas are very tasty and make a great appetizer. The vegetarian egg rolls are excellent but I am not a fan of the tea leaf salad. But then again I don't really like salad that much so don't listen to me......it's apparently one of their best dishes. The coconut rice is also one of my favorites and I hate coconut if that tells you anything. Their sangria, while not amazing, is always consistently good but do remember to ask if it's red or white. They often only have one or the other. I love the ambiance of the place. It is "cozy" but the smell that radiates from the kitchen makes you feel like you just stepped out of the cold on a side street in the himalayas and have now discovered one of their best kept culinary secrets.Burma is great for kids from a food stand point but if your kids require space to run around tables and go crazy then you might want to leave them with the grandparents. (plus you shouldn't let your kids do that anyways....very annoying.)Overall, this place has great food, friendly service, and it's a great place to order a lot of different items and have everyone share. The portions encourage that.And seriously.....be prepared to wait for hours on a friday night...and often times other nights.....but do wait.....it's that good! You can always walk directly accross the street and hang out at the Blue Danube.
Ok, not that this place needs ANOTHER damn review, but hey, I wanna put my two cents in too. Yes, there IS always a wait. I called at 5:05 pm on a Saturday (they open at 5), and the lady on the phone told me the restaurant is "only half full." Wha?? Geez. However, it was time for me finally to see what the hype was all about.It is that good. Maybe not "I'll wait outside in the cold for an hour" good, but nevertheless, good. We ordered the vegetarian egg rolls, sesame chicken, jasmine rice, and pea shoots. Perfect amount of food for 2 girls. The waitress was so nice, and pointed out that all the food we were ordering was Chinese, and would we like to order some Burmese dishes? Thoughtful, I thought. However, I guess we were not feeling very adventurous, and so we stuck to our original order. The pea shoots were crunch, and nicely seasoned. And the chicken was addicting! Perfectly fried, in a savory sweet sauce. The egg rolls came out piping hot. I had a glass of the red sangria, which had lychees in it! Interesting. It was good, but I've had better. Well, can't wait to go again. Prices were really good too.
Pretty tasty, but not worth the wait. they especially stand out for their vegetarian items. My friend says that their cafe, which is a few blocks away, serves the same stuff, but is always empty. which makes no sense. We came here on a friday night and had 8 people, so we were limited to their one large round table. they told us to expect a hour wait, but they couldnt guarantee anything, because it was completely dependent on how long the table that was seated when we arrived took. we ended up waiting 3 hours! this was only acceptable to me cause I had great company and there are other cool shops around to peruse. We went to Quickly, Super Tokio and Green Apple Seed bookstore, which was closing, so I ended up with 10 books for about $10. Most of my compatriots are veggie, they decided to eat family style. I selfishly opted out, since I have one friend in the group that tends to eat ALL of my food every time we go out to eat, and I felt an urge for meat. I did end up trying a bite of most of their foods tho, because they had leftovers they didnt want to take home. I myself got the Nan PIa Dok, chicken noodles with a coconut curry. It was tasty, but it wasnt particularly filling, perhaps b/c my friend helped herself to a heaping serving of it before it got to me on the lazy susan. of the many veggie dishes I tried, I think the tofu tower was probably the best. it sounded super unappetizing to me, but it is artfully presented, covered with a black bean sauce. We also got the rainbow salad, which they are famous for. The server helpfully pointed to each item and told us what it was before tossing it. I expected it to be more colorful, most of the food was yellow or green. It is based around a very small amount of cabbage and noodles, with onions, fried garlic, green melon, etc. It was pretty good, but not as fabulous as some have raved to me about. We ordered two curries, but I dont recall which one was better. one tasted very much like an indian yellow curry, which is not my cup of tea. the veggie samusas were very popular as well, but I didnt try them. I would come back, but hopefully on a less busy night.
Get the Burmese traditional dishes. I particularly love Rainbow salad and Burmese shrimp.
So what can I say about Burma Superstar that already hasn't been said already?Don't ask for 'extra spicy" on the Chili Lamb. You will almost die. Much like I almost did. The plate comes spicy to begin with but the macho-ness(idiot) came out in me and instead of listening to the waiter describe how 70% of the customers that order it don't finish it, I was up for a challenge. I was not going to allow myself to be in that 70%, so I told our waiter friend to bump up the spice a notch, to prove that we were serious spicy eaters. Good thing my Jamaican buddy was with me.Big mistake! I have never been touched by spice like I was that night. I was sweating from the top of my head. I was a mess. I dipped my tongue in my water and let it soak. But like the idiot that I am, I continued to eat the Chili Lamb. The lamb was so good, but as soon as the spice kicked in I had no more taste buds. I tried to relieve the heat stress by eating the other food, but the hot temperature of the Chicken basil only added to the torture that my tongue was feeling. I would take three bites and swallow. It hurt to chew!The food at the BS is excellent. Be smart and eat it like it is served. Don't modify the plates and don't ask for anything to be spiced up more then it should. I can't wait to go back to try more of the mild food.
Burma Superstar was recommended to me by several friends, so I had to try it on my last trip to SF. The wait was a while, but well worth it. The tea leaf salad had an amazing aromatic flavor, and the texture of the leaves and the light oil and nuts made for an awesome flavor/texture combo. We also got the chicken curry noodle soup and coconut rice, as well as samosa soup. Needless to say, we were pretty stuffed (I went with one other person), but excited to have takeout for the next day. All of the textures and flavors were really amazing, spicy but not overpowering, and the atmosphere was comfortable despite being crowded. The service was wonderful, and the staff seemed truly proud of their business, which was really nice to see. Good food, good service, amazing overall. Would definitely go again.
I recently ate here for lunch and wow. I had the rainbow salad and it was fantastic, The service was great as well. Will have to give it the dinner test and see what happens.
last night was the first time i had ever been...we had theRainbow Salad...Pumpkin Pork Stew...Nan Gyi Dok...Coconut Rice...and i think Beef Kebat...gah! it was all amazing! new tastes i'd never had before!
we live closeby so we decided to check b superstar out for lunch. this place is obviously popular since there's always a crowd of people outside. we had to wait but that was expected. i feel like this place is totally overrated. i mean, the food was tasty but not really worth the price of admission! three dishes and over forty dollars later, we were really full, however we weren't amazed. the nutty tea leaf salad is a must, as well as the very delicious coconut rice. i'm not jumping at the chance to go back though.
Not worth the wait to get in. The place lacks ambience, not value for your dollar....$11.00for a plate of pea greens. However, there samosa soup is outstanding but overall I prefer Mandaly on California. The tea leaf salad is better than Burma SuperStar as are many of the other dishes .....not as greasy, the ambience is better too but not their samosa soup.Nancy A.
I just don't get the hype. I really don't. I mean, the food was in the OK-to-good range, but its not like its the most fantastic thing ever, which everyone seems oh so convinced it is. I work about a block from this place, so I met a friend here for dinner after work. We arrived at approx. 5:30 and there was no wait! yay! We got:Tea leaf salad: Um, why does everyone like this so much? Or think that its the " greatest thing on earth", as the random person at the table next to me claimed. It was tasty, but realllly oily. Kind of tasted like this middle eastern spice called Za'atar, though less salty.Vegetable deluxe curry: I wasn't really sure what to expect, as I think I had imagined something more akin to Thai curry. It was okay I suppose. The curry flavor was pretty weak. The pumpkin in it was super tasty though, so imagine my heartbreak when I dropped a piece into my water glass while trying to pass it to my friend :(.Coconut rice: I couldn't taste the coconut flavor :(Platha: This would have been better if there was some curry sauce to dip it in, as they serve in Singaporean/Malaysian restaurants. But it was tasty...My friend got the "Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry)", which was ..."subtle" in flavor. Ginger lemonade: Lemonade with ginger in it. It was okay. So, overall, really just pretty standard food, though I suppose its somewhat novel since I've never had burmese food before. I think it was really overhyped though given that I work so close, I'll probably go back for lunch sometime with coworkers and try the other recommended dishes (rainbow salad, samusa soup). Waiters/waitresses were super friendly though! My waiter looked incredibly confused when he saw the water glass with the curry-coated-pumpkin in it and then I had to embarrass myself and explain what had happened.
Awesome as ever. They never fail. Even one time when we had to wait almost two hours for a table the food came fast and perfect so that no one regretted sticking it out. Of course, Green Apple Books should perhaps get a stipend from Burma Superstar because it's easy to while away quite a bit of time over there.
Went here last night... got 3 dishes and 2 starters. We had the veggie soup (forgot what its called) and the tea leek salad (?) I don't remember the name exactly. Both were good and different. The soup was a nice level of curry and I could not tell what was in it but it was delicious. The salad has some nuts and seeds in them and the dressing was very light. For the dishes: beef curry (my bf and his sister were BIG fans), superstar veg noodles (spicy but ok the least favorite of the bunch) and citrus chicken (YUM YUM YUM). All had unique tastes to them and even the leftovers were good. Sounds lame but my favorite part was the coconut rice. Just yummy goodness (I an asian and I do love rice). For dessert we had something that started with a P and it had sago in it, Burmese bread pudding and that was yummy too! Def will go back. The only bad thing was the wait almost 2 hrs to get in BUT the food came out fast. We called ahead to put the name down on the list and was called when our turn was up so we didn't have to wait out in the cold (that is a plus!). Excited for some more dishes :)
I'm not gonna go on about this, but yes, as others have written, this place could be considered a temple. It's appropriate that your party must wait to enter (most times, anyway...I mean, when it's busy, like... always). You should compose your thoughts, develop a respectful demeanor, assemble a large group of devotees, then order everything on the menu, spin the lazy susan, and intone your praises as you sample the divine providence.
Don't get me wrong...the food here is great (when I had a chance to visit it earlier)...but this is THE place to go if you DON'T care for your time...and...want to meet others who don't either( read as: the woman who puts your name on the waiting list and says that she will have your table ready in an hour) One and a half hour later...you are still left sitting outside...waiting for a table...We had friends visiting from out-of -town and anticipating a long wait...called ahead of time to put our names on the waiting list...AND got to the place guests-in-tow half an hour earlier...We waited for over an hour(which was our "estimated" wait time)...and then inquired about when we might have a chance to get a table...we were told that a few people had just asked for the cheque...so "pretty soon"...20 minutes have gone by...tables have been emptied........ people who's names were after us on the list have been seated...and there is no sign of a table for us.....when we inquire again...we get this half hearted apology from the...woman with the list...who says she "THOUGHT" that this table was going to be emptied but then the people at the table asked for desert.....10 minutes more...and we inquire again...and she says that 1 hour was only an "estimate" of the wait time......5 minutes more...and we were STILL waiting........we were hungry.....had waited over 1 and a half hour by then....(7:50pm-9:45pm)..... and that was it.....I don't think i EVER want to go back there....the food maybe great...but the service...is below pathetic...
love the tea leaf salad & the samosa soup!
i went here for the first time the other night, and it was also my first time having burmese food.i loved the food and decor, everything was great.i knew about the wait, so i can't really complain, except that it was FREEZING. next time i'll go on a warm summer day instead of a chilly evening. i think it was a bit overpriced for what it is, as others have said. one last thing- 2 of us ordered an appetizer and one veggie dish, which is usually enough. the waitress told us they were small portions and we might want to order something else, so we did. come to find the portions aren't small and we didn't need the extra dish (though it was good), so that annnoyed me. now that i know what to expect, i think my second visit will be better. i definitely want to go back, the veggie curry dish we had was amazing!
Excellent, samosa's kick ass, along with the hot sauce.No matter what day or what time, there is a line.Coconut rice is fantastic, I have not had anything on the menu i did not like.YUMMY!
For my first review I found a place to warrant this momentous occasion and that place was Burma Superstar. Regardless of the recent political press Burma is currently getting I was interested to taste this cuisine having experienced food from all it's bordering countries. After reading the reviews on how busy it is we called ahead and put our name on the list (recommended) - we still had to wait 15mins for the table, this was Sunday night.The food was fantastic, price good, decor umm .... rustic? (basic) which I like, service speedy and very friendly. Overall - Excellent experience. Will definitely be going back for more of the rainbow salad and Vegetarian soup - yuuuuuuummmmmm.
Burma is to die for. I just decided this after having eaten here for the third time.These are the musts:-Spicy crispy chicken!-Fiery Beef with Tofu!You could leave out the tea leaf salad, although it is one of their signature salads, I prefer my tea to be in a cup with hot water.The servers are always knowledgeable and down to earth... especially the one girl with really thick glasses! What a cutie!Bravo! Four stars!
We were walking around Clement and decided to have lunch. We checked out Yelp and decided to try Burma SuperStar based on the Yelp reviews and to try something different. We expected it would be pretty good, but our lunch was great and we were surprised by how much we enjoyed everything. First we tried the Fermented Tea Leaf Salad and it was very good and fresh. It has a nice mix of flavors and textures. I also thought it was pretty cool that the waiter explains all the ingredients as he is mixing the salad for you at your table. We also tried an order of the Samosas and they were pretty good. We finished up with an order of the Fiery Vegetables with Chicken, which had a nice blend of sweetness (not overly sweet) with a little spice. In other reviews there were some complaints about the service, but we had good service. Of course we weren't there during peak hours either. The place was pretty busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. The fact that it was busy when some of the other places in the area were dead I thought spoke to the fact that it was pretty good. The portions aren't huge, but I didn't think they were too bad. The place isn't cheap either, but I didn't think they were unreasonable for their unique food. I really enjoyed our lunch here and I have to come back some time to try the Samusa Soup that everyone raves about.
I have to write a Review about this place. I'm half Burmese so I grew on this food. Have you ever heard how your friends or your family talk about how their parents make the best, best of this and that. Well the food here is exactly how you would describe how your mom's cooking is. Made and cut everything fresh meaning not already to mix frozen food like some places. My recommandation for this place: Noodle Salad (tell them how spicy or non spicy you like). (the best!! if its your first time eating here...I recommand you to get this, trust me, you will come back for this one.) Price: Not that expensive. Mid range is more like it. Seating: Rediculously Packed!!! Most of the time!! Any suggestions or questions please feel free to ask me!
Must try the appetizer platha (multilayered flatbread like naan) and chicken curry. We also had pork and pumpkin stew which was also great. The citrus chicken with peanuts had great flavor but a little on the dry side.
My family is from Burma and I find it hard to pay so much for a small bowl of coconut noodle soup (which is my favorite..but for that price we can make gallons at home) But still, very good food. They became very popular in the past few years so the wait is out the door. Sometimes I drink the milk of babies...BABY COCONUT THAT IS! har har har
Great place! Like everybody else I have to agree the tea leaf salad is phenom, but it is a different taste that some people might not adjust to.I love the garlic and chili shrimp and the mango shrimp, curry was alright, samusas very yummy though the spiciness does creep up on you.Overall a good place to eat at.
What can I say this place is so small but yet people still wait in line for this place. I remember my friends and I waited so impatiently that we ended up going to another burmanese resturant on california st. I have to say that the workers here were very friendly and worked very fast. As my bf and I were seated they quickly helped whip our table and noted that she had to take care of something and will be right back.I ate here once with a big group of my friends but didn't really eat much and don't really remember. then I ate here again with my sisters and and ended up really liking their appetizer somosas , which had curry potatoes instead. So I went here last week with my bf an end up getting their vegetarian somosas, rainbow salad, and their curry chicken with they special rice made with leaves and raisins .. so i remembered. I have to say they wait they presented the salad was very nice .. but I didnt like the flavor ..it was more on the sour side and very small portion. .. as for the chicken it was very flavorful and even though i only tasted the sauce my bf killed the whole dish. but i have to say ill give it a star for their service and they ginger lemonade but yea i really want to try more from this place but i think if i had to wait i rather go somewhere else
Tea Leaf Salad! What else can you say? Other dishes were good as well but I can't seem to remember any of them. Staff was cool. The wifey got an already stirred thai ice tea which I'm told is inappropriate but hey... Tea Leaf Salad! And if you want to avoid the horrible wait times just go for lunch! We were seated right away. Bonus star for being a restaraunt named Burma Superstar.
I loved their chicken samusas and the Nan Gyi Dok. I have yet to try the Tea Leaf Salad.
I was in SF last year and this was my first time eating Burmese food. My favorite things I had was the laphet salad, (which is pickled tea leaf salad with toasted peanuts, chana, and yellow split peas, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, red chiles, fried garlic slices, and sesame seeds, drizzled with some peanut oil and lemon juice), the rainbow salad, and the coconut rice. It was like there was a party in my tummy....so yummy, so yummy..
I've eaten here many times over the years, but I try to avoid the horrible lines by going during off hours.My favorite dishes include the homely but tasty lamb curry, rich fish chowder, aromatic cinnamon infused rice, and of course the zesty textural green tea salad. I like their version of a thick chewy flaky paratha bread to soak up zesty sauces!The decor is pretty attractive, but avoid sitting by the chilly doorway. Staff is helpful and nice.
rainbow salad was oksumosa soup was greatthe coconut rice is goodspicy lamb is AMAZINGchicken dahl was greattonight's dinner really bumped it up to 5 stars
liked the samusas. tried the chicken cassorale with biryani rice. its ok. the prawns in the cassorale were superb. delicious.
Great food & great costumer service. I love the coconut rice!!! Yummy. . .
So I've only been here once and it was probably almost 2 months ago, but the food is so good! We shared two salads, one was the tea leaf salad, absolutely delicious! and the other I can't remember the name, but it's the other salad on their menu that was featured on the food network channel. I preferred this one over the tea leaf salad. We then shared the mango chicken with coconut rice. The mango chicken has a little spice to it, but it is soooo good!!!!! I just wish it was easier for me to get to. It's a little bit out of my way.
the raves about this place! and i finallyy get to try it after like 3 years of saying lets eat here, but i never did. I came on saturday night around 5:40, got seated around 6:15 or so...wasn't too bad a wait i suppose. place is pretty small. service wasn't that slow, pretty good.we ordered the tea salad, the samusa soup, and the coconut chicken flour noodle thing.everything came out pretty fast, the soup was thick and pretty good. unique....and i can say this makes u full! the tea salad was.....salad....iono i guess we expected some bomb salad but...it tasted like salad and peanuts and more nuts.....*shrug* i guesss the flavor was nice and all...but i dont see the WOW everyone says.the coconut chicken thing was okay....spicy, curry flavor, MEH, almost like Banana island stuff...wasn't toooo wowed by this place, but it was interesting food. nice service that mixed the food for you and explained what each things were....and yea....parking was easy today, but i think i was just lucky, and we were one of the only asian people there....O_o guess its more of an american attraction.....possibility of coming again...if there wasn't a wait
what's the big deal? the salads are too oily for my taste. the curries are good but the portions are small, and the wait is insane. go to their sister restaurant a block away - b-star!
I have decided I was harsh about the wait staff on my first visit. I don't know who I am kidding this is one of my favorite restaurants, period. My gripe that I wish they were able to replicate the magic that is the oakland burma still exists, only reason to take a star off and that is probably not even deserved.
I feel a little silly adding to the 2000+ reviews for this place, but I love it so much that, for my own peace of mind, it must be done. The food is simply awesome. I fantasize about the coconut rice and tea salad. For the price, it is hands down the best food in town.
I brought my bestest friend and another one of her pals here for an early dinner on her birthday. She always says I'm the one who takes her out of her box and this place is a great destination. We had the tea salad, citrus chicken, shrimp and coconut rice. It was all delicious. Portions are smallish and we had no problem eating every last bite. We lucked out and got here just before the rush.Everything I've had here has been wonderful and flavorful. It's pretty noisy when it fills up and the tables are a bit cozy but the food is delish. Try to get here before the rush and it's the best.
Moderator: Reviewer No. 1088 Please step up. Did you enjoy your experience at Burma Superstar tonight?Me: YesModerator: What did you and your party of 5 order?Me: Vegetarian Samusas, Tea Leaf Salad, Fiery Chicken, Pumpkin Shrimp, Pumpkin Pork Stew, Beef Kebat, and Chicken Noodles.Moderator: Anything else?Me: oh yeah, two pitchers of the sangria.Moderator: What do you like about this place that makes you come back?Me: duh, the foodModerator: What do you dislike about this place?Me: Long waits on the weekends makes me want to go to Mandalay and wait half as long.Moderator: Anything else you like to add?Me: yeah, why did the pricing go up so much from before? Most dishes were under ten...Moderator: Thank you for your comments. Reviewer No. 1089 Please step up.
Been there just four times in the last three years, about once a year then. The last time was a few months ago. We were lucky to be seated within ten minutes of our arrival. They provided tea to anyone waiting outside in the cold. It's best to come here with a small group so we can try a variety. We always order the rainbow salad, catfish chowder, and one of their curries.Unless you arrive before 6pm, almost always packed. Never had a bad meal here, but then again it's just an annual visit!
My#1 for SF
If you can get a seat, the place is great. I recommend the tea leaf salad. The tofu tower was great also. Often times you'll have to wait to get a table...sometimes a long time, so don't be too hungry before coming.
Great food with lots of unique flavors. The lamb curry was rich and tasty. We also had a delicious coconut infused noodle dish. However, the samusas were not particulary unique and a little bit bland. As two people for lunch on Saturday, we were lucky enough to get a table without a wait. Our server was very attentive and sweet. Don't forget to check in for your free Thai iced tea.
UPDATED REVIEW:So my GF and I tried to goto dinner here on a Sunday night. The wait was 3 hours! WTF? Ok so you're popular, we get that...you have good food. My complaint is, what is the owner of this place smoking? Why would you open another place a block away and offer a different menu? Not only that, but why offer a menu that isn't nearly as good. And we all know it's not as good, which is why there is never a wait for their other place. It doesn't take a genius to think, "Hey, I have pretty good food and my customers have to wait 3 hours to eat it. Maybe I should open another place and offer the same menu. OR, maybe instead of opening another place that isn't as good, I should take the money and expand the already successful place I have." Just a thought. These people in my opinion are morons and we will never try to eat here again. __________The below review got 5 stars:Oh hell yeah! Got take out for a group of people, ordered a bunch of food. NOTHING WAS BAD. This place is quite simply, "The Shit."
Thankfully i went on a midweek right at dinner opening time so no wait but the place filled up within the hour Good stuff! Tea leaf salad was good although I'm not sure whether the tea leaf was the star or the mixture and texture. Either way, it was good and that's saying a lot for someone who does not care for salads. Coconut curry chicken noodles yum! Also had the Shrimp kebat which is spicy with green chili, onion, tomatoes - pair that with rice, really whets your appetite!
All I can say is WOW - one of the best meals I've eaten in a long, long time. I came with a large party and the place was completely packed on a Saturday night so we ended up waiting an hour and a half for a table, but by the time I got my [delicious] lychee mojito I was in no mood to complain. Since we were a party of twelve, our server chose a selection of the most popular dishes for us to share, which was definitely the way to go - I highly recommend trying as many things as possible. My favorites were the tea leaf salad and the pumpkin curry, although everything was absolutely incredible. Burma SuperStar deserves the hype in every way - I am in love.
Tea Leaf (or Rainbow) Salad.Mango Shrimp.Coconut Rice.Burma Coolers.OK, and almost everything else on the menu. Burma is delicious, end of story.
TEA LEAF SALADI don't get it. Can someone please explain this to me? Everyone seems to love it but I think the fermented tea leaves tasted like...well rancid or something. Is that how it is supposed to taste? If so, why do people like it? Seriously, I need an explanation! I'm baffled!
Tried this place twice because of yelp reviews. We ordered their recommended dishes, I wanted to like them =(
So so good. I love that this restaurant is vegan friendly, the atmosphere is nice, good service and delicious food. The sumosa soup, coconut rice, tea leaf salad and fire tofu are killer good. I don't have anything bad to say about this restaurant.
Awesome food, very friendly service. Ridiculously long wait - 90 minutes on a Tuesday at 7 PM - but they close at 930 so going around 9 you could have walked right in. Had the samusas, tea leaf salad, chicken clay pot thingy and beef kaput? all of which were top notch. this place is fantastic.
Okay, we need another Burma SuperStar review just like we need another four years of Republicans in the White House. Actually, I think it would be great if we could get George W. to eat here because the hours waiting in line would mean fewer hours in the White House. Come to think of it, we should encourage John McCain's campaign chairman to schedule a dinner here for him too. Okay, enough about politics. You came here to hear about this restaurant.I'm only giving it four stars for a few reasons: 1) not only is the wait excessive but it is wayyy longer than they lead you to believe. Last time, we waited 2 1/2 hours to eat and they said that it would "only" be 90 minutes. 2) while the Tea Leaf salad and coconut rice might be the best foods in their class anywhere, some of the other items were good but not spectacular. For example, my family was not crazy about the rainbow salad or the egg rolls.Nonetheless, we will return to Burma SuperStar (30 minutes before they're scheduled to open) and just order the Tea Leaf Salad and Coconut Rice.
Burma is easily one of the strangest yet most fascinating countries to visit. Sights, sounds, smells, and tastes varied from place to place, but two things stuck with me. First, the junta is crazy and these people badly need our help, and second, even though I ate my way through every city or town I visited, I didn't get enoughBurma Superstar does a fantastic job of capturing the melting pot of kitchen culture found throughout Burma. Just like their temple ruins exhibit elements of Indian, Chinese and Thai cultures, so do their dishes.The Samosa Soup is absolutely out of this world, and is one of the more unique dishes you will find in San Francisco. The Rainbow Salad is better than pretty much any variant of the green mango salad out there. The curries are very good and traditional - no coconut milk here. Try the pork and potato curry, think Indian meets Northern Thai "Chiang Mai" style curryCorkage: a reasonable $12 per bottle
Delicious and to top it off, they've got excellent service.
Hey, have you heard about this place? Oh wait...I'm almost the 600th Yelper to jump on the Myanmar SuperStar bandwagon, so yeah, I guess you're already clued in to this "secret gem" on Clement.Can you believe that, when I came here without reservations on a weekend evening, it only took 5 or 10 minutes to get a table? I have heard horror stories about hungry patrons wasting away to dessicate skeletons while waiting...and waiting...and waiting for their names to be called. Suckers. We were in and seated with barely enough time to hit the WaMu ATM beforehand.Food was excellent, of course.I won't get too worshipful about the ginger beer concoction they serve in a pitcher, however. I *thought* I liked brews of every imaginable variety, but this mix rates down near the bottom of my list. I guess that's why they don't call the country "Beerma" instead.
I have no frame of reference for Burmese food, but I thought this place was decent. My friends and I had to wait over an hour for a table of 7 and I can't say the wait out in the cold cold Richmond district was that worth it.Maybe that's their trick! The longer the wait, the more famished I became, and that's why I enjoyed the food! Their lamb was gross. I know you can't cook the gamey taste out of lamb, but it tasted gross. My friends were bitching and moaning about the price since the food is just a slightly better version of King of Thai, but everyone agreed that their coconut rice is addictive as hell. I think that's the "dish" everyone fought over! I didn't feel full after eating there because the portions aren't that large. Each person ordered a dish and rice to share, but it's not enough for 5 guys and 1 girl. So I'd say, order two or three more entrees for large tables. With that said, the wait is not worth the food. I think I'll get take out from now on because I don't like freezing for an hour before I eat.
My wife would give 5 stars but I think a solid 4. Do a great job, attentive and knowledgeable servers, interesting cuisine, and very good food (and great portions). Everything was great and we will go back.
I've never had Burmese food before, so a friend and I decided to try it out. Reviews were true regarding wait time, service was not great either. We waited probably a good 10 minutes before we were even approached for drinks. Privacy was an issue, I felt like our neighbors were constantly looking over at our table since we were only an arm length away. As for the food, I feel it's a little over rated. Didn't taste like anything special, just the same spices as they use in Indian food. Personally, I would not go back unless there was a good reason to.
This has been one of my favorite places to eat for years. I used to dread coming here before I only lived one block away. The wait is usually always out the door, and even before it opens a line is already formed outside. The plus side is you can put your phone number down on the wait list and go somewhere else to enjoy a drink. They will give you a jingle when your table is ready. The downside is the tables are so close that you can literally hear everyone's conversations whether they are next to you or three tables away.Luckily I have learned my lesson and I ONLY get take out now.I have tried everything on the menu and the only think I did not like was the "Chef's Special Ribs". Not good, and so small with barely any meat.
This place is close to being really great.There's a few things they serve here that I am definitely very, very glad are in my life: the garlic eggplant, for example, the coconut rice, the tea leaf salad. But some items I've been disappointed in. The vegetarian superstar noodles, while great in concept, come up short in execution. The noodles, which make up the bulk of the dish, don't do well served room temperature: instead of being moist and chewy, they're instead dry and old-noodley. You know what I mean.Come on. Old-noodely. Like when you make spaghetti and then put it in the fridge and instead of reheating in the next day you wait one day longer.Old-noodley. The samusa soup, also, is a disappointment. The samusas themselves have a strangely dense, mealy texture, which, with the added lentils, overwhelms the soup. Would not order it again.I'm also a little put off by the slightly overpriced everything. Kind of seems like a fee for getting to eat here. One order of garlic eggplant + coconut rice= $14.50. This was a little more than one full meal, but barely. It's not outrageous, at all--it just seems like they're charging exactly as much as they can get away with, and no less, which is irksome. I've never waited in line to eat here, although I would. It looks like an absolutely atrocious wait every night I've seen it, but I'm always there for lunch, on weekdays, and have never experienced a wait. Last time I ordered to-go from there, I said that I was vegan and asked if the garlic eggplant was vegan. The response I got was "You're vegan, so you can't have....?" I don't expect everyone in the world to know what a vegan diet entails, but I do expect people working at such a prominent SF resto to know. When I arrived to pick up my order, all interactions were curt. All the servers were in quite a rush, and the guy handling my order dealt with me briskly and without much friendliness. No rudeness, and my order was correct, and he asked me if I wanted utensils (which I love since I never do and always forget to say), but all the same, I didn't exactly feel welcome. I guess that's the price you pay for eating at a very very busy place.I was tempted to give this place 3.5 stars, but I quickly realized that if this were any other place, and not the revered, Oh So Holy Burma Superstar, then I wouldn't be so attuned to every little fault I found. I kind of want to say not to believe the hype, but...no, you can. Believe the hype. This place is great. Just not quite really great.
Damn you people! Stop coming here! You hipsters make me wait an hour to get food! Now that my rant is out of the way... The samusa soup is amazing, and so is the red curry shrimp. Oh, and the tea leaf salad. Oh and the salt and pepper chicken. Oh, and just about everything.Wait....no, everything is terrible. Don't come here!
I enjoyed my meal here. Unfortunately, I was already getting the flu so the tea leaf salad that everyone raves about didn't quite make it through the digestion process. Super-unfortunately, I have avoided tea-leaf salad since then, by no fault of Burma Superstar, rather my own immune system. The other dishes we had were tasty too, my favorites being the coconut rice, and to drink, the ginger-lemon beer. Funny, because I don't particularly care for ginger or coconut. Tiny interior with simple Burmese-style decor, friendly service, and a long wait. I'm curious to try the sister restaurant B star down the street, but still might pass on the tea-leaf salad dishes for now.
Everything and I mean everything is good.
Burma SuperStar rocks! We went here for lunch after a hour long sugar fest at the Fort Mason Chocolate Salon. I was crashing fast from all the sugar and a bit worried since I've heard that the wait can be long. But all the stars must have been aligned just right cause we found parking a block away (parking Karma sticks again!) and waited about 5 minutes. WE had the samosa soup which was freaking awesome. It was just the right amount of spicy with delicious pieces of somosa, onions, and bay leaf. For the main course we all shared the sesame chicken - sweet, tangy and flavorful, short ribs- rich flavor and cooked perfectly, beef curry - had a wonderful hot/warm curry taste with chucks of cream potatoes and the vegetarian noodles- which were surprising served cold (something I've never had) but it was a delicious surprise that went perfect with the other warm and spicy foods. You can also choose between white or brown rice (we picked both). Lastly we washed it all down with creamy iced tea. This is officially my favorite restaurant! I can't think of anything they could do better.
If you've tasted authentic Burmese food, one can tell you that Burma Superstar is not all that great. I've been a customer since 1993 and although the ambiance of the restaurant has dramatically changed, the qualify of the food hasn't changed much. I do have to agree that the service is excellent --especially from our friend Kenneth (Hi Kenneth!!!), if he's still there. But why wouldn't the service be great when they charge $10-$12/bowl for Moh Hinga. I haven't been there for over two years and I don't plan on going there anytime soon. The wait is ridiculous and again for those that have tried authentic Burmese food you agree that it's not worth the wait. My last 2cents...great marketing strategy by the owners. Thanks to the Chronicle, Examiner, Guardian for their excellent review but perhaps the website needs a bit of an update. The Review by SF Chronicle states: "Tables turned quickly, and within a few moments, we were seated and looking in awe at our first dish." Right, that may have been the case 5 or 6 years ago. Also, if the customers love Tea Leaf salad so much why not pop on by to this Burmese family owned shop few blocks from Burma Superstar. You can buy a serving of 12 for only $13. Take it home, pop it open and there you have it. No waiting for an hour or two. Another option would be Mandalay. =)
Come to Burma on 3rd and Clement and you will always find a line waiting out the door....and there's a reason, it's delish! While you wait there is a nice little cafe across the street you can sit at. My favorites here are rainbow salad, samosa soup, and coconut rice. Another added plus, they do take out! So if you don't feel like waiting to be seated, just give them a ring, make your order, and pick it up!
This was the first time I tried Burmese food. I guess you can describe the food in general as everything good about East & South Asian food and then some: spicy, sweet, garlic-y, sour, salty. Very tasty.I tried: the samusas, tea leaf salad, basil chicken, catfish curry, and coconut rice. Everything was delicious but since there is so much to try on the menu I probably won't repeat the basil chicken and catfish curry. However, I will probably always get the tea leaf salad and the samusas occasionally.This place is great!
There isn't much praise that I can lavish upon this place that hasn't been yelped already, but we San Franciscans are truly blessed to have such a place to dine. If there was one place I couldn't live without it's got to be the SuperStar. Yeah it's a long wait but they actually provide the huge service of giving you a call when your table is ready (you can go check out nearby Park Life). I've yet to try something on the menu that wasn't spot on. Here are some favs:Chili Lamb (be warned this is not for the faint of tongue, it's pretty spicy)Rainbow SaladFiery Beef with TofuCitrus Chicken Tea Leaf SaladBSS is pretty easy on the pocketbook and service has always been great.
Why do people love this place so much? It really is Not. All. That.Mandalay two blocks away has tastier, more authentic, and cheaper Burmese food, plus you don't have to wait outside for an hour to get a table.examiner.com/wine-in-san
YUMMY!! Went there with a group of 4 and ordered family style, which is recommended. The portions were perfect, and there were a lot of vegetarian options. The food had so many different flavors and kicks. The white wine sangria was light and interesting to try. THe service was delightful, nothing to complain about. The restaurant is small and gets pretty packed, especially during dinner time. Lunch time still has somewhat of a wait, but don't let that deter you.
I have an addiction to the tea leaf salad. Seriously, I have to have at least one a week otherwise I go into TLS withdrawal mode. I never endure the wait (are you fucking kidding me? An hour to get in? NO!) I always order takeout, and get the samusa soup and my beloved Tea Leaf Salad, and maybe some Burmese (cold) noodles and a little ginger chocolate cake if I'm feeling naughty. I've tried the Rainbow Salad and it just doesn't compare, although it is good. I'm telling you, the Tea Leaf Salad has crack or something in it. The cravings cannot be stopped...minus one star for being an over-hyped hot spot with too long of lines and not enough space.
Would have been the perfect night.... but we kept on asking: "Where's the heat? Where's the heat?" I guess they toned it down to fit the general population; but it plainly wasn't there.I have to say they have a great staff which gives them an extra star. In the end the star of the show is the food, so I have to ultimately rate them on what we were served.
Went there with a friend. Had the following:Coconut RiceTea Leaf SaladBeef KebatNan Pia Dok (Noodle dish)Okra Egg CurryWe ordered way too much but I was happy for the leftovers. Anyway, I'd never had Burmese food before but it was all delicious.I found the tea leaf salad a little oily. I am not sure if that is the style of the salad. It's rich and flavorful with all of the nuts already. I think I would pass on it next time or at least only put in half of the dressing before tossing.The beef kebat was very good. The beef was very tender and flavorful. I found the mint, tomatoes, and peppers made an interesting melange.The nan pia dok (Noodle dish) was very tasty. The curry and coconut milk is such a classic SE Asian pairing. I could've eaten just this dish and been happily sated.I would go there again but probably be better prepared for inclement weather. It was raining outside there is no indoor waiting area. Get ready to either stand outside under an awning or go sit in your car and wait for them to call your cell.The environment is nice if you like it a little crowded. I like going out into fun crowds. The restaurant is crowded and loud and, yes, fun. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals. We were sitting pretty close to the neighboring tables (like 12" space between each table), so I could tell people were catching snippets of our conversations. Not very wheelchair friendly. And not so great if you're trying to have an intimate or private conversation about that emotionally raw situation in your life.I knocked off 1 star because I have nothing to compare this against yet and I like to leave places room to aspire.
We waited an hour, which is standard. We were willing to do it, considering we were due for a return visit to this restaurant. We order the tea salad, which I highly recommend. It was our favorite part of the meal. We also ordered the calamari salad, which on the menu is described as "pan roasted", but was served as part of a cold salad. It was flavorful, but different than what we expected based on the description on the menu. Our expectations fell short again after reading the menu when our catfish curry arrived. My finance bit into it to find it full of bones--a chunk of the skeleton, actually. Again, we felt misdirected by the menu, which discloses in parentheses one chicken dish in which the chicken comes on the bone, but failed to mention the skeletal sections under layers of curry and meat in our dish. Our last dish to arrive was a slimey eggplant and garlic dish. The look of it was unappetizing--it looked like an overcooked heap of rotting flesh doused in red oil--but the taste it over coconut rice was good. Overall, the tea salad redeemed our experience. I doubt I'll wait an hour again, or at least not for a long time, and I'll definitely not order the catfish curry.
Still the best Burmese food ever! Pair your dishes with their wonderful lychee mojito - it's UHMazing!
i was so excited to be invited to eat at a burmese restaurant. i'd never had burmese food and i am a HUGE fan of southeast asian cuisine. when my friends and i stepped in, the decor and feel of the restaurant was simple, nice and clean. i read information on burma on the menu and got more excited bc burma borders laos (which was misspelled on the menu), thailand, india and china. my assumption was that the food should be incredibly flavorful due to the boarding countries and possible influence of dishes but i was wrong. the food was good but not great. the flavors didn't come through the way i expected and nothing was spicy even when i ordered spicy dishes. even the side of peppers i requested weren't spicy. it's a cute place and maybe worth a trip but i probably will not come back.
Absolutely delicious.
LOVE THiS PLaCE!!Seriously, one of the best restaurants I've ever been toWent there in December, and I'm stil taking about itCan't wait to go back
Get in line early before it gets too busy. It's worth the wait, anyway, though.Very very good food. Yum.
First meal I've had in recent memory where EVERY dish was fantastic: Samosa soup, Okra and Tofu, Chicken in Clay Pot, Curry Shrimp, coconut juice... Amazing!
I always pass through this area and there always seemed to be a crowd gathered outside. So out of curiosity my friend and I decided to have a meal here. I think we came pretty early (a little before lunch) cause we were seated right away. Pros:Food was good. I recommend the java rice..yum yum yum! Wait staff did not neglect you, so service was good.Cons:Due to the crowds, they try to squeeze as many tables and chairs in there as possible. You will end up bumping into the person sitting next to you or behind you, when you try to get in and out of your seat. If you eat out for the ambiance...just order it to go or pick up.
Excellent food, especially their tea leaf salad, a must!
First off, I've never had Burmese food before. My friend and his girlfriend whisked me off to this heavenly delight directly from the Oakland airport and insisted I try it. It was AMAZING. It was pretty packed on a Friday night, but we didn't end up waiting too long for a table. We had one drink at a nearby bar and by the time we got back, they were ready for us. My friend did all the ordering, and we probably shared about 5 dishes - all delicious. I know for sure we had the tea leaf salad and some kind of curry. I haven't been in SF recently to get another fix, but I highly recommend it!
great food. there is a long wait and it is very worth the wait.
Coconut Rice. WOW!!! the samusas and everythign else was fantastic as well. Service is great. A little crowded inside, but what can you expect from a place who has a line 7 nights a week for a table. Check it out. Worth the wait.
YUMMERS. YUMMERS.YUMMERS.Disclaimer: I liked the place so much that I went again for dinner the next day and brought along more people who also loved the place!For my first time there, I randomly called on a Saturday night at 7pm. The wait for 2 was an hour, but I was still 30-45 minutes away. I did not think that I could put my name down via phone and that they would call me when my table was ready. What a nice service. I think all restaurants should incorporate this amenity - reservations via phone and recording cell phone numbers to inform people that their table is ready. Way more efficient than forcing people to stand 5 feet away from the hostess so they don't miss their name. Service in general was great. They are so friendly there and want you to enjoy the food.Now for the food (for both my visits):- I could eat the Tea Leaf Salad all day, everyday! That is some delicious salad. So tasty. I want some now! Now!- The garlic chili lamb/shrimp was not so amazing. But all the other food items were so good and there are so many choices that it hardly matters.- The Pumpkin Pork Stew was suprisingly yummy. The pork was so soft and tender. Just how I like my meat items. The dish had a more subtle taste than the other things I tried. I love my subtle yet delicious food!- Coconut rice is also very subtle tasting. And good. I generally don't like coconut flavored food and coconut in general, but the subtlety is just right. It's a good compliment to any of the dishes. - One of the coconut chicken noodle dishes - it did not disappoint. - Samosas - good stuff. I like samosas, but I loved these samosas.- For dessert the first night, I ordered the fried banana and jackfruit with coconut ice cream. It was a perfect ending to my already extremely satisfying meal.Thank you Burma SuperStar for such a great introduction to Burmese food!
C'mon, you know I wouldn't write this review without having a nice tidbit of information for you, right? If you're a foodie and living in San Francisco, you've been to Burma Superstar. You've slurped down a bowl or two of Vegetarian Samusa Soup. You've eaten a chilled noodle dish that made your heart sing. You've relished the Ginger Lemonade. You've devoured buttery curries.And you've probably waited forty minutes or more to do so. TIP: I never thought you could call for reservations here, but I noticed that the hostess was adding names to the waiting list via phone. SO CALL AHEAD!!!
Just went for another yummy meal at Burma Superstar.....ahhh......need a belly rub now. It's probably 3.75 stars, but I rounded up.So for those of you who do not know what food from Burma (or Myanmar to be PC) is like think of the richness of Indian curry plus exotic flavors of Thai with a dash of Chinese influence.Everything I have tried is pretty good. I recommend the tea leaf salad, the chicken casserole with cardamom rice, pea shoots with garlic, and a pitcher of ginger beer to wash it all down.This place is not:-For the leisurely--food comes promptly and they will rush you out as soon as you put your fork down. -Mesmerizing good for wine pairing. I think you'll be eating too fast to notice each unique taste independently.-BUT for the price and flavors, it's a pretty good dealTips:1. Call ahead to put yourself on the list. The time it will take you to drive there and find parking will easily take up a good portion of the wait time.2. Come with at least 2-3 hungry people. Then you can order multiple items to try yet still get a table. 5 people may be pushing it.3. Don't be picky in the order the food comes out--it comes when it's ready.
Delicious and unique. Zee flavors, zay 'splode in your mouf!I have a friend who comes to SF every year, and she insists that we always go here.Call a half hour before you arrive, check in when you get there, give 'em your cell phone #, and then go have 3 or 4 pints down at the Bitter End. They'll call you when the table's ready. Yeah, it's a long wait, but there's nothing wrong with having a few beers with friends while you wait.
another one off the list...went here on a whim on a tuesday night and thank god for that...didn't have to do the 1.5 hr wait..just have to go eat at 945pm thats all =)the portions here are pretty substantial...definite take home and eat for lunch time of place.we had the ono kausawe (sp?) which is the coconut chicken noodle soup. ordered it because my friends mom made it and it was sooo delish had to try it here. BS' version very tasty but needs more fried wontons or fried garlic or whatever the crunchy things are in it to make the dish pop.had the tea leaf salad...this is very unique and VERY good they mix it at your table and it has all these random ingredients..but hey it works! very goodwe also had the pork and potatoes curry, pretty good but nothing very unique...don't get me wrong, very tender meat and potatoes, but its nothing crazy specialthey have tons more on the menu so definitely will come back!
Gotta thank my college roommate for telling me about this place. It's a nice little place, if not on the small side. This place is constantly busy and you will most likely have to wait a while for a table during peak hours. The food is great and the portions are pretty generous. My entree of choice: sesame chicken with coconut rice. Amazing!
So I decided to give Burma Superstar another shot after having dinner here 4 years ago . My friend and I had to wait outside for a while because the restaurant was packed . Usually when you have to wait for seats at a restaurant , the food is usually good but not in this case . The food at this restaurant was HORRIBLE . So not worth the wait ... good thing we didn't have to wait to long . I thought it was kind of nice how they had a bench for you to sit on and tea that you can help yourself to while you're waiting . That's like about the only good thing I can say about this restaurant . We had their tea leaf salad , fiery chicken w/ tofu , and the pork curry w/ potatoes . I never had tea leaf salad and I don't know how it's suppose to taste but their tea leaf salad was DISGUSTING . It had such a strange taste to it that it was unedible to me . I took one bite and pushed the dish away . I don't ever want to eat or see a tea leaf salad again . The fiery chicken w/ tofu was horrible . The dish lacked flavor ... the only flavor it really had to it was sweetness . The dish had too much of a sweet flavor to it . It was not spicy at all . The chicken tasted funky ... like it's been sitting in the refrigerator for a while . The pork curry w/ potatoes was so far off of what I imagined . The pork was anything but tender . The pork was very rough and dry . The potatoes were not bad though . The curry lacked flavor and richness . I had their soy milk which didn't taste that good . It tasted like it was Silk or some other brand of soy milk from the grocery store . Maybe you will like this place if you like your food very bland and sweet . I , however , like my food well-balanced and flavorful so I will never come back here again . I would recommend going to Mandalay instead . It's only a couple blocks away and their food better . I guess I was right to stay away from this restaurant for 4 years .
This place stars in my wet-dreams. Over and over, I have to go back, to get more tea leaf salad. To drink more burma coolers. To try all the amazing soups and the ridiculous coconut rice that is so good it actually melts in your mouth. Service is amazing, even when you cram 14 people at the back table with the lazy susan that is only meant for 8. I just get the feeling that the waitstaff and everyone working there is really proud and excited at how popular the place is, and so they never mind the crowds of boisterous city-peeps. Call ahead, and plan on an hour and a half wait before dinner, so don't go over right away- they'll call you when it's almost time. The wait is WORTH IT WORTH IT WORTH IT.I could eat tea leaf salad all night.
I can't wait to return to SF just to go to burna superstar. Went w/ a grp of 4 girls. Ordered 4 dishes. All I can think about is the tea leaf salad!! We were hesitant & curious as to none of us has had burmese food before. It's beautiful when it comes out- The server mixes it for you at the table. I think they said it had 13 different nuts/seeds. So nutty and so delicate. TO DIE FOR! portions are avg, if not on the smaller side. Wait is horrendously long, but for the tea leaf salad, tottaally worth it!
I love Burma SuperStar, and I am not original in my choice of dishes: like our fellow Yelpers, Rainbow Salad & Tea Leaf Salad, Chili Lamb, Ten Poi rice. Samusa soup & their signature Thai Iced tea are also good. You should not come here for ambiance or to spend a night out, only if you crave some tasty creative Asian fusion selection. The only problem with the place is omnipresent long lines and lack of parking. Otherwise, I am a fan!
who knows what Slayerela B.'s deal was...THIS PLACE IS GREAT!Definitely go, if you have the time to wait. But the wait is worth it!Unfortunately they have taken some exciting drinks off their menu, like coconut smoothies and such. I almost want to give them less stars because I miss some of the old drinks, but the rest of the food is so great that I won't. They still have Thai Tea and fresh coconut milk straight from its shell which is great. Once you're done drinking the milk out, ask them to cut open the shell for you and you can scoop out the soft flesh and eat it with a spoon! Marvelous.I highly recommend the "platha". It's the Burmese cuisine version of naan, but much greasier, and in sticky, crunchy, flaky, soft, hot layers. It's difficult to describe and difficult to stop craving after you've had a bite. It's almost exactly like the Thai desert crepe that is often served with condensed milk at Thai restaurants. But platha is a bit thicker.The coconut soup is also very nice. It's quite different from the Thai coconut soup most people are accustomed to, but I actually prefer it. It's thicker and has wonderful noodles in it. Squeeze some lemon juice in it for extra great flavor.Many of the chicken dishes are also quite fine. And the coconut rice is superb- sticky, sweet but not sickly, and a good fragrant side dish to cut any intensity of the other flavors in your meal.The mixed salads are also cool. The waiters mix your salad for you at your table- they look like they're a big plate of many small portions of odd ingredients, but you will be filled and refreshed and satisfied by the result.Burma Super Star is a super star! But you didn't hear it from me- or I'll wish I never wrote this great review, because I am tired of waiting in such jam-packed lines!
I know this place is insanely popular, but there're reasons why the burmese people don't like this place.  I've asked several burmese people if they liked it, and NONE of them likes it. Zero! It speaks a lot for authenticity.  I've had the biryani rice and coconut rice with chicken curry.... and it didn't taste like burmese food. But why would you care if you have never tasted authentic burmese food right? It's just all hypes here..... but I'm a minority who doesn't like this restaurant, and there's a 2-hour wait to prove it. I'll never ever ever coming back here unless my non-burmese friends make me!
I'm giving this place 4 stars because I thoroughly enjoyed 3 out of the 4 items my party ordered. The deluxe vegetable dish or something like that was mediocre, maybe even subpar but the other dishes...beef curry--yum! The tea leaf salad, omg, food network was right, it's awesome. And finally, the platha, sooooo goood. The dishes were flavorful and spicy, loved it. The service was also friendly and attentive. If you get a chance to go, I recommend going early, around 5:30 or 6 otherwise you'll be joining the rest of the patrons outside the door all the way around the corner of the restaurant.
Awesome, awesome, awesome, cheap!This place is great for the price... very authentic, tasty, and totally reasonable.Go with the Tea Leaf Salad and the Vegetable Samusa Soup. Both were delicious. Me and my girlfriend were so into this place that we order enough food for two separate meals. Unfortunately, the food was so good that she got to the leftovers the next day before I did!HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDMake sure you call ahead and then get there on time!
Props to the waitress we had! This bitch knew how to hustle. She all but dictated our meal to us. She honestly tried to talk my friend out of ordering more than 1 shrimp dish. But she was right about alot of stuff, so I won't hold it against her!As everyone else says Rainbow Salad & Samusa soup are incredible. There is so much variety of flavors and texture to the soup, i couldn't believe it was vegetarian. I love my chicken casserole, and the pumpkin shrimp curry was so tasty. The beef dish was ok, and the garlic shrimp held its own.My friends had an incredible lychee mojito kinda drink, and an alcoholic mango lassi. Coconut pudding fritters made a nice end to the meal, shared by all since we were very stuffed.
i want to downgrade this place to 2 stars, mostly because i really think it isn't worth the hype. I've been here several times, and it's inconsistent as hell. Okra and tofu? Great. Garlic noodles with duck? Horrible. Shrimp with burmese curry? Pretty good. Nan Gyi Dok? Extremely gross. It's a real crap shoot on whether you get a tasty meal. Bundle all that with how expensive this place is? I have no idea why the lines are so long, all the time.
This is a gem in an otherwise eclectic and somewhat sketchy neighborhood. Don't be afraid, just head straight for the door and get inside where you will find impeccable decor and service. We started with a lychee mojito and glass of wine. This is not your usual mojito, it included Lychee and basil, and the flavor was unique and refreshing. A definite must on the cocktail list. We started with the famous tea leaf salad. The two of us split this and it was the perfect amount to share. It was the most unusual and amazing flavor and texture combinations. I know this is becoming cliche, but this really is a definite must. There's a reason the food network recommends it.For entrees, we stuck to the Burmese specialties. We had the lamb curry; mild, not spicy, and the classic Burmese chicken casserole. The lamb curry, while good was not fantastic. The lamb was very slightly overcooked and the entree by itself lacked enough starch to feel like a complete meal. if it was the only entree ordered might leave one feeling like they were missing part of their dinner. Lots of lamb, a very few pieces of potato. I would recommend ordering this with a side of the basmati rice, which came with the classic chicken casserole. The rice is seasoned with cardmomn, raisins, and cinnamon, and is fluffy and succulent, the chicken is slow cooked and super tender. Ordering these two entrees together, we had plenty of rice to share between the dishes and they were wonderful together. Plenty for two to share and abundant leftovers to take home. The flavors were subtle yet bold. The service was wonderful, We never felt rushed or that our questions were silly or stupid and we had many. The waiter did a great job of answering our questions and making good suggestions and overall we had an amazing and very enjoyable introduction to Burmese cuisine. P.S. if you arrive at 4:30 P.m. on a Tuesday and stop for happy hour at the Bitter End one block down, you'll have no trouble finding a parking spot and getting a table at their 5 pm opening time :)
200,000 positive reviews? Duh. Stop reading this and go put your name on their waiting list. Right now, super star.
2 Negatives about this place before I move on to the positives.1. Expect to wait an hour on a busy night.... just part of the deal... the good thing is you can leave your phone number on the list and go grab some drinks at the bitter end down the street.2. The food does seem slightly over priced for what it is.Now on to the positives.1 The food is great. The tea leaf salad is really really good and unlike anything I have ever had before, the mango chicken is phenomenal, and the samosa soup is just what the doctor ordered on a cold night.... I have yet to have a bad dish there.2. The service is really friendly, and they help you out when a.) you're a whitey and you have no idea about Burmese food... b.) you're looking to try something new but not something too far out of your comfort zone.3. The drinks are really good.... ginger beer and lemon aid.... count me in for 7 dude. I always leave this place with a smile on my face, even though my wallet can get a lot lighter here.
-Update-I'm changing my review to three stars because of the last two times I've been there. Maybe I was particularly hungry the first time I went but the last two times I've gone, I've been disappointed by the food. It's not that the food is bad but it's just...well, three-stars-a-ok. -End Update-I was pretty excited about Burma SuperStar after last night. The Boyfriend had mentioned that some of his friends had liked it and we were in the area. There was a decently long line so we put our names down inside the foyer (there's a list on the wall to your left when you enter) and our phone number and went for a walk. You can hang out under a few heated lamps they have near the entrance but the benches/warm spaces get taken up fast. The restaurant will call you when your table is ready if you want to wander. They also have hot tea outside for you to drink which is a GREAT idea. We were seated after about 20 minutes and decided to get Burmese Style (Beef or Lamb) Curry and Fiery Vegetables with Tofu with brown rice for two. I was really pleased with the beef curry - it was like Korean galbi jjeem (braised beef short ribs) with a curry twist! The fiery vegetables were really tasty too - green beans, red bell peppers and tofu. Our meal came out to about $28 dollars pre-tip - not bad for a large, tasty meal with leftovers! They do charge for hot tea, however, so I would recommend taking a full tea cup into the restaurant with you! I can't wait to go back and try the tea salad and other delicious things. I'm giving them five stars because of all of the extras - great waiting system, friendly and prompt service, hot tea as you wait and tasty food for a good price!
F me. I want to do a thorough rundown of every single thing I've eaten from BSS but it would be worthless because it's all AWESOME.  Probably my favorite restaurant in the city. Any place that can make a salad that I will actually come back for is doing something alright. That said, that is the one thing I will mention specifically - the fermented tea leaf salad - a must. It's been said I know, it was on the food network, bla bla bla, but I just have to reinforce - IT IS THE SHIT. Seriously though, I've yet to taste a single thing that's less than great. Bring a few people you can stand to talk to for an hour and put up with the wait - it's worth it.
I've never had Burmese food before and god, it was so effin good! Yes, the line can be quite long but it's pretty worth it. You'll forget about the waiting once you eat their yummy food. I like the vegetarian superstar noodles which is served room temperature. It's perfect. Why? It's spicy and it's room temperature! Yeah, I like my food kinda cold. The rainbow salad is sooo good. I can eat this alone for my lunch. It's made from 22 ingredients! I also find the eggplant with garlic is very delicious. They have this sweet taste. Perfect with Burmese fried rice made with yellow rice. The price quite expensive. The three of us ended up with $55 bill but it's a good treat every now and then.
Super interesting menu..fusionesque but traditional at the same time.The tea leaf salad has been featured on The Food Network and after eating it I know exactly why...it freaking ROCKs!The shrimp dish and Samosa soup were equally delish. Overall this place knows that they are doing and they do with a smile and wonderful service.
The food is delicious and authentic (according to the bf), but the wait is horrendous, even during the weekdays! That's why it gets 4 stars instead of 5. I've twice gone on a random day in the middle of the week (Tuesday and Thursday, I believe) fairly early in the evening (6ish), and the wait was still an hour. It's nice that you can leave your cellphone number for them to call while you stroll down Clement, but you really don't have much of a choice. There's enough standing room in the waiting area for about 6 people, but it's frequently packed with double that number of people who want to avoid the blustery winds and crappy weather of the Sunset. On the other hand, once you've been seated, the service is friendly and the food prompt. I'd recommend the tea leaf salad and On Noh Kauswer.For an equally yummy and quicker alternative, try Mandalay Restaurant on California.
How can I be on Yelp, and not write a review for Burma SuperStar? I can't imagine my life without Burmese food. My parents were born and raised in Burma, and I've been so fortunate that my mom makes the best Burmese food ever. So of course, I had extremely high expectations during my first visit to Burma SuperStar, but this restaurant did not disappoint me one bit! I've been to a couple of Burmese restaurants in the past, and none are as authentic as Burma SuperStar. I took my boyfriend to Burma SuperStar for the first time (his first time having Burmese food as well!), and he absolutely loved it! I was so excited to introduce him to Burmese food that I had to order all of my favorite dishes. Thus, between the two of us, we ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Moh Hinga (Catfish Chowder - my favorite FAVORITE dish EVER), Burmese Style Curry with Lamb, See Jyet Kauswer (Garlic Noodles with Duck - SO good), and Pork Curry with Potatoes, with a side order of Coconut Rice to top it off! The couple next to us was quite amused by the amount of food that we ordered - we kept having to ask the waiters to box some of the dishes, since we couldn't fit it all on our tiny table! (Look at my profile picture, and you'll see what I mean!)My boyfriend and I plan on going back again soon, so I can introduce him to even more Burmese dishes - I definitely recommend the On Noh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup), the Rainbow Salad, and the Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry). YUM.There are so many reviews on Yelp already for Burma SuperStar, and they're well deserved! I'm just adding on to the long list now, but you don't need my review to figure out how great Burma SuperStar is!
This place is amazing. Amazing food, though amazing wait as well.We put our name down at 8:00PM, and they said 45 minutes, so my friend and I went across the street to Blue Danube Coffee House to have some coffee. Though unfortunately Burma Superstar lied and we didn't sit down until 9:30PM, the food was sooo worth it. Though the Burmese Style Curry was a little salty and I should have ordered it with rice (it doesn't come with it), the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice was one of the best and most unique things that I've ever tried at an Asian restaurant.The prices are a little higher, but not exorbitant. I would agree with the other Yelpers to takeout and eat at Rockit Room, or maybe even Blue Danube Coffee House if they allow it (not sure), though having Burmese food w/ coffee is a little strange.The trick to sitting down is to call in to have your name put on the list, and whatever time they give you, add 30 minutes. Or you can use that 30 minutes to look for parking on Clement, which you will need.
Samusa soup, samusa soup, samusa soup. That's all anyone (including all you yelpers) ever told me I had to try. Ok, I did. And you were right. So good. Not sure how they do it, but it's mad tasty. The tea leaf salad was yummy as well- refreshing mix of seemingly random things that really come together- tea leaves (huh?), tomatoes, lettuce, fried garlic (uh, yum), sesame seeds, peanuts and split yellow peas (huh, again). In addition to that, D and I ordered two more dishes, okra egg curry (honestly, no taste- none- lowlight of the meal- take off a star for that- down from 3 to 2) and the garlic noodles with duck- pretty good, but i was already full by then- ha! All in all, worth the trip, if only for the soup.But... and here's where the 3rd star gets added back.. on a non-food related note, the waitstaff couldn't have been nicer. With so many people in the restaurant (and waiting to get in), I was really surprised by how attentive they were and how willing they were to engage in conversation and answer our questions.On another side note, D was bothered that we had to pay for tea. Me, not so much. Maybe I should be?Anyway, I'm definitely going back. And you should, too. If only for the samusa soup, samusa soup, samusa soup!
Had dinner here a few weeks back. Love! Love! Love! I only wish they will open up a restaurant in Los Angeles. Come down to LA. . .please.
It's true, this place is as good as they say. It may not be authentic Burmese, but this restaurant attracts legendary lines night after night for their great tasting food. Known for their famous tea leaf salad, coconut rice and samusa soup. Also worth trying is their lamb curry and peanut noodle dishes. The service is good and the prices are decent. So rather than reading the hundreds of reviews saying just about the same things I am, go put your name on the wait list. Now. Enjoy.
I had never had Burmese cuisine before until this year. Now I am addicted to it. I stopped here on a whim with my gf when checking out the area. We tried the Samosa soup and Tea Leaf Salad and both were delicious. I have to say that the Burmese salads are truly unique and have inspired me to try new things when I make salad at home. We forgot about the place for a while and then went back a few months later. This time I got the Chili lamb dish and it was so good that I won't order anything else. By far the best lamb dish I've ever had. It's hard to tell what kind of spices they use but it is perfect!
Just do it. Seriously, stop reading. Pick up your cell phone and call ahead - they take names. Honestly, I already told you to stop reading. Don't be stupid. The Rainbow Salad is made by the hand of God. You will not regret this. You must kill the Prime Minister of Malayasia, Derek. Why?You can't be serious? You are still reading. God, Yelpers really are dumb. Go eat. Go eat now. Eat that!It's not really 4:37 AM. You aren't is drunk as it may seem. Do whatever it takes to get there. Take any & all measures necessary. Get the Rainbow Salad. Get the Tea Leaf salad. Get Burma coolers. Now.
Delicious food, new flavors for most diners, friendly service and reasonable prices make Burma Superstar a great choice. My faves include the tea leaf salad, coconut rice, and pumpkin-pork curry. We sat down right away at ~6pm on a weekday. Very noisy.
I have never eaten here.I'm sorry but TWO HOURS? They don't take reservations? and they have a Clipboard that you sign in on?I have two words FUCKIN' RUDE.  I'd like to at least be seated when a restaurant starts to piss me off.Its a Saturday night. I'm dressed up, wearing make-up, showing far too much skin and Burma SuperStar expects me to stand outside in the fucking Richmond-- in the fucking cold-- freezing my scantily clad ass off?Whatever. I ended up at the MANDALAY which was fantastic and a two minute wait.My date actually signed in, then picked me up in the mission, then we go to BSS and STILL waited another hour.Burma SuperStar that is the dumbest system ever!!!***************************UPDATE****************************I'm still grumpy but my friend Drue messaged the following to me which should give BSS some hope that I'll give'em another tryDRUE C. says:However.........They will call your cell phone when your table is ready so you can go drink at one of the neighboring bars. If you want to get drunk before dinner this system works fantastically....
If I was sentenced to death I think I would order one of everything on the menu and be completely content. When I retire I want to sit on the beach drinking Burma coolers all day.
Probably the best southeast asian food I've ever eaten adn I've spent quite a bit of time in southeast asia eating dog and cat and rat and raw fish but burma superstar takes it.however, there is one large problem!The line tends to run an hour and they don't deliver.This is 2007
This place is simply the absolute BEST! One of the very few places that we will wait for a table....and must say, the wait is hands down - worth it! Once again, had to start with the Tea Leaf Leaf Salad. Salad with imported fermented tea leaves, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds, lentils and peanuts. A wonderful starter and also like to save a little to cleanse the palate at end of meal. Next, we shared the Veggie Samusa Soup, WOW! The scrumptious soup included crispy samusas, falafels, lentils, cabbage and onions. Delicious luke warm, too! Next, we enjoyed sharing the Mint Chicken, quite tasty with garlic, chili's and jalapenos - chicken was very tender and flavorful; and the Curry Eggplant with house-made special red curry sauce - very juicy eggplant. We shared the coconut and brown rice - recommend trying both, as each is tasty with main dishes. The service is very attentive, friendly and gracious. One of our favorite SF spots!
My sister and I used to be regulars here...for more than 5 years. I used to have their number programmed on my cell phone and whenever I would return home from a trip I would call from SFO and order takeout. Everyone is really nice here and the decor is fun. We love the samosa soup, the tea leaf salad, the rainbow salad, and lychee mojito. Last week I came to San Francisco for a visit and my sister and I went back and we delighted to hear that they had just had a grand opening for a new Oakland location. I will definitely check out the East Bay location on my next visit to the Bay.
Oh how we miss you, Burma Superstar!! We came as a large group when we visited S.F., and would recommend you to anyone!! First of all, you were happy to accomodate our large group within your limited space, even when we just showed up. Secondly, your waitress was patient and totally on top of every request we had. We weren't sure what to eat, and she made some fabulous recommendations with no hesitation. For those who like/love Indian food, Burmese food parallels, so we had no problem there. The food was wonderful!! Sorry I can't remember all the names of the foods we ate (there were so many we tried), but for not having had Burmese cuisine before, you've left nothing but sheer bliss in our minds. When you're done and want MORE dessert, walk down the street for some boba hot or cold drinks!
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. The food is delicious. My favorite dishes so far are the pumpkin curry (tried it with the shrimp and the pork) and the tea leaf salad.  Great date place. Great sevice everytime I've been there. The wait is pretty long. There was only one time where I did not have to wait. If you live in the Inner Richmond (like I used to) I recommend ordering your food for take out. I have Burma Superstar on my cell phone address book and would call while I was on the bus on the way home from work. Roommates and I used to order from Burma Superstar and watch Grey's Anatomy. If you do have to wait awhile, there's a coffee shop across the street (Blue Danube) where you can order sangria while waiting for a table.
Burma Superstar...Salvation is hereLettuce Cups Fiery BeefGolden Monkey TeaThere are many good things too try, i also enjoy the presentation of the Rainbow Salad, and Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry). But try for yourself, you will like.
Only went been there once and it was amazing. My friend and i were extremely lucky to get a table the moment we arrived and ordered an eggplant dish, lightly fried chicken, and some type of curry. So good and i'll be sure to visit again.
This place holds a special place in my heart...and my stomach. It is a must-try for every stinkin person in Frisco. Worth every step, distance, journey, hour, bum sitting next to you on muni, killer cab ride, bacteria infested bart station, blah blah blah....I loved when a waitress named Priscila worked there...my boytoy and i would get there and put our names down on like, the third frikkin page!But once she saw us, she gave us this "stay your asses right there and i'll give you guys a table" look...... and lo and behold, we had a table, with hardly a wait. (oh, the perks of being a regular and getting good with the waiters/waitresses) ahhh, how i miss that look..... now we have to resort to waiting like the other mere mortals...all good though. Like i said, definitely worth the wait!!now try it!!
Friendly service. The Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup are great.
This is my second time coming here. First time, I didn't think too much of it. Eh, it was ok. Not great great. But all the hype from Yelp and my friend telling me it was really really good, I decided to give it a second chance. First with the line wait.. was told it should be an hour to an 1.5hours. Already knew the wait would be long so thought I was smart by going at 6 hoping to have dinner by 7:30.....well.. 7:30 passes up... 8 passes up... and FINALLY we get to sit down at 8:30. WOW. I'm telling myself this BETTER be something good. Side note, you can call in advance to make a reservation around 1-1.5 hours before. So we sit down and order what everyone says.. the Tea Leaf Salad. Its interesting. Its good. Is it AWESOME? Eh... its alrite. The nuts makes it interesting & its refreshing. Also ordered a mango coconut juice. No coconut taste, pure mango smoothie & got a free Thai Ice Tea for checking in on Yelp. Next got the pumpkin pork stew. The pork had that pork taste... I don't usually like eating that taste and I was a little shocked that all that pumpkin didn't cover the taste. The pumpkin itself was good but still its just another regular dish. Then we got the Samosa Soup and it just wasn't for me. The bread inside was nice but I didn't go for seconds. We then got a recommendation from the waitress, I don't remember what it was called, but basically its chicken curry noodles. This was just bleh... not good. No curry flavor, chicken was dry and noodles weren't special. So we basically didn't finish one dish except for the salad. For desserts, had the fried coconut pudding which was cold? I basically ate the coconut ice cream & the strawberries. If the fried pudding was warm, I think it would've scored.Service was great. They would come over once in awhile to check up on us. But... here is why my 2 stars. We finish eating at about 10 and by the time I get home and rest up a little... my stomach started acting up. It was PAIN! not just the one time deal.. i had the multiple flush deal going on... I would think maybe I just have a weak immune system but my friend, SAME THING HAPPENED! Sorry Burma SuperStar, I gave you guys a second chance but no go.
AVERAGE. I don't see what the fuss is all about. The food here is ok, but definitely not worth the 1.5 hour wait.  We ordered the Rainbow Salad, Garlic Noodles (See Jyet Kauswer), Beef Kebat, Pea Shoots, and the Coconut Rice. Of all the dishes, only the Pea Shoots stood out. Well, actually, the Coconut Rice kind of stood out a little bit, but that doesn't really count because it's only rice. The other three dishes were so-so. Both the Rainbow Salad and Garlic Noodles were on the bland side and I'm not really sure how to describe the Beef Kebat other than it was, eh. I would give this place 2.5 stars, but since you can't on Yelp, I randomly round up or down. Burma got rounded down.Why do so many people rave about this place? I think it's kind of the herd mentality. So many people have reviewed this place so favorably that you kind of think "is something wrong with me" if you're not completely in love with the food. (Note: as of right now, Burma Superstar is the most-reviewed restaurant on Yelp, with 747 reviews, not including this one. The next most-reviewed restaurant is Slanted Door with 664. The House has 359).I actually think this Burma Superstar works great as a take-out place: reasonably priced, ok food, and you get to smirk at all the people waiting in line for a table.
Burmese food is the new Thai food.I love my spicy food so Burmese is just up my alley. I'm not so sure what my mom and pop will think but hey, it's my birthday (I'm using that excuse as long as I can).Cousin Adam suggests the tea leaf salad. Excellent opening dish. I try to use my photographic memory to note all the great ingredients. Damn... no film. We tried a variety of dishes shrimp kebat, beef kebat, Burmese curry lamb, steamed tofu, and chicken Dahl. Each one contributed to my tastebud overload, in a good way, of course. The coconut rice is to die for! The Burmese lamb was my favorite and with the coconut rice, I was in heaven.The place is small and lines are crazy. Definitely come early for dinner. Even better, go for lunch. Regardless, those who wait are up for some good grubbin.
Everytime I recommend this place the person asks, "What kind of food do they serve? Thai? Indian? Chinese?" Guess people need to brush up on their geography. Burmese food is kinda like a combination of Thai and Indian food - curries, spicy, and yummy goodness. Everything I've eaten here has been good. Fast service, reasonable prices, and portions big enough to share or take home - all major superstar qualities.
My boyfriend and I got lucky Friday, we stopped by at 5pm (when BSS opens) and snagged a table and expedient service. Yes!BSS is awesome, it's great service, great food, and great atmosphere. It is a small restaurant, and with the quality (and price) of food, it is no shock that you will typically wait for a table. We had been interested in trying BSS for a while, but with all the great food on Clement, we just weren't patient enough to wait. Next time will be different.We shared the Burmese samosas, which are different from Indian samosas in that the have a thinner crust and are less greasy. I enjoyed them much more than the typical Indian samosa. I ordered the egg and okra curry, which was delicious. My boyfriend chose the lamb curry, and we shared coconut rice and the special coriander/cinnamon basmati rice. Total: $41. Sweet deal!!!I LOVE the coconut rice.By observing other tables, my to-do list for my next visit:-tea leaf salad (made at the table!)-noodles-samosa soupI CAN'T wait to return! :)
Burma SuperStar is a cool place. But Myanmar SuperStar would be a cooler place, because it rhymes. The food is different and delicious, a blend of Indian and Thai. We started with the tea leaf salad, cwhich was good, but I didn't really like that the tea leaves were fermented. For dinner, we had pumpkin shrimp (made with kabocha squash, not pumpkin), kebat shrimp (yummy tomato/pepper sauce), Bun Tay Kauswer (a noodle curry), and a lamb dish that I didn't try. We also had white sangria, green tea ice cream, and a chocolate-ginger cake - all very good!The only drawback was the 30 min wait, outside, in the cold and fog. I was unprepared for the 40 degree drop in temperature from the East Bay. Bummer.
I ate here for the first time a few weeks ago after having only tried the Burma Superstar in Alameda. And I have to say that the San Francisco Burma Superstar is much better. I came here for lunch on a Wednesday, so no wait at all! Really happy because I had heard stories about how long the wait is. So if you happen to be free on a weekday for lunch, that would obviously be the best time to go. I had the sesame chicken lunch special--and I loved it. The sesame chicken was sweet and tender, without it being too heavily coated. Also the chicken was over a bed of fried rice. This fried rice was perhaps the best fried rice I had ever tasted. It didn't taste fried b/c the texture was so fluffy. Furthermore, the rice was a yellow color (probably because it had saffron on it). Overall, really happy with the dish. I also had their Thai Iced Tea. I love Thai Iced Tea period, so it was very good. It could have used more milk though....but I am just picky. Another favorite is the broccoli side dish. I like when broccoli is crunchy, not soggy, which is how they cook it at Burma SuperStar. Overall, I solid choice for Burmese cuisine!
Huge fan. I dont have anything to compare it to except the crap Burmese/Himalayan food we have up here that truly tastes more like Indian food than anything from Burma Superstar. I have tried a number of dishes at this place and continue to go back for more. This place is good, the service is quick, and the food is downright tasty. In reading other reviews I cant imagine why they could give such low numbers. I love....LOVE, the Tea Leaf Salad and have never had anything that has even tasted remotely like it. It is truly a unique dish. Also the Kauswer - Coconut Chicken Soup is full of flavor. I have had a number of the other soups and salads and all are good but I keep coming back for these two dishes. They just make my day and I always feel like a million bucks after eating here and gulping down copious amount of Thai Iced Tea. I will continue to patronize these folks over the remainder of my life if allowed. Thank you
Ginger lemonade - amazing. Our table got a ton of stuff and split it: I am still dreaming about the lettuce cups, poodi, broccoli and coconut rice, platha and dip, and samosas. In fact, I am getting hungry again just writing this. From the outside of this place I was expecting a divey type of atmosphere but it's really cute on the inside, the staff and service is lovely and the food is OUTSTANDING. Would go back again, and again...and again.
Also, check out B*Star down the street for the exact same menu items... without the epic wait! I'm not sure what the difference is here.
Someone told me if I went here, I wouldn't regret it. Do I regret it? Not necessarily, although I wouldn't go back. We waited for about 2 hours to get a table, which is fine if the food was awesome, but the food came out 2 seconds after we ordered. This makes me think the food is premade in the back and reheated. It probably was. Taste wise, it was good, but not as good for 2 hours of waiting. damn it.
The food at Burma Superstar is sooo good! I have tried almost everything on the menu, and it has all been great. I also like one of the drinks on the menu (I think it is a combination of lemonade and beer), which tastes great and gets you smashed :) The only downside to this place is that the wait can be extremely long and they don't take reservations. It's best to phone ahead from home and put your name on the list or stop by before moving on to one of the other Clement hot spots to wait your turn. However, it is possible to phone in an order for pickup, so if you're really desperate to get some of their food, you can always enjoy it at home.
Everybody tells me they LOVE this place. Ive been a couple times now. Its good....but perhaps a bit overhyped for me. Definately not earth shattering food...but good
bradley o. nailed it! i concur. but i am taking away one more star because you can get so much great food in sf without such a big chunk of your wallet taken from you. but yes, do not miss the tea leaf salad!.....over all, somewhere between meh and pretty ok.staff was super nice--thanx guys :]
i know, i know....Burmese food??!  sounds strange, but this place is great. Get the TEA LEAF SALAD!! You must go here and order this. It's scrumptious! And an authentic Burmese dish.  The white wine Sangria was also tasty...and i don't even like white wine.I was a bit surprised that many of the items on the menu were just typical Chinese/Thai dishes, so make sure you order the "starred" items...those are the *authentic* Burmese favorites.
I'm not a big fan of salad.. period. But our server convinced us of their famous tea leaf salad. Amazing!! Other than that, the food was ok. The wait, parking, space, proportion was not worth it. Not recommended for large parties because the space is small and the wait is forever...
As a pesco-vegetarian who loves Indian food, this place is a dream. Totally satisfied with the divine tea leaf salad, samosa soup, sauted broccoli, & pumpkin prawns [delicious curry-like] with squash... all shared with my friends.No room for desert this time. Must. Save. Room. Next time.Note: We arrived at 6pm on Sunday. The tightly spaced dining room was packed; a thirty-minute wait. This might have made it no-go had the sky still been sputtering. Totally worth the crowd.
Samosa soup was very good. I just don't know if I will wait for 2 hours to get a table.
Superb!!!This has been a favorite of mine for many years now. I adore everything on the menu...They' ve been trying to update the menu while keeping the favorites like the rainbow salad. You owe it to yourself to try everything on the menu at least once. I promise you won't be dissappointed.The staff is wonderful at trying to ease the congestion and the long lines of hungry folks waiting for some burmese delights (although a lot of the dishes are chinese influenced, go ahead and venture out of your comfort zone and try out the burmese dishes) Call ahead and put your name on the list
Burma Superstar seems to be on every San Franciscan's "to-eat at" list, so I decided to give it try. We get there on a Sunday afternoon 15 minutes prior to opening so we decide to walk around a bit. Fast forward 20 minutes (for those of you who are slow, that is 5 minutes after opening)... the place is already packed and there are already names on the list! We added our names to the list (you should stay there because they don't call your cell phone) and preceeded to wait in the cramped waiting area by the door (which is coincidentally right under a heater vent so you work up a little sweat) for another hour until we finally got seated.The food- it is a bit overpriced for small amounts of food, but the presentation is nice. Also, we received our food quickly- within 10 minutes or so of ordering. We ordered the Rainbow Salad, which claimed to have 20 ingredients and 4 different types of noodles but I only counted 2 different types of noodles and I know for a fact we only got 19 ingredients because my gf doesn't like spicy food. We also got the Pork Pumpkin Stew and the Okra Boiled Egg Red Curry. Both were interesting and the curry was a good first-time okra experience. We also ordered the Coconut Rice, but next time I'll just stick with the regular rice since the flavor tends to get lost when you mix it in with the curry. Overall, a nice experience but won't go on a regular basis.
I consider Burma Superstar SF as THE PLACE for Burmese food. This was actually the first time I would have such food & I found it to be a nice mix of Indian & Thai food which turned out to be a marvelous combination. Here is what we ordered:Burmese Samusas with chicken or vegetarian 5 pieces, Burma SuperStar all time favorite. Burmese raviolis hand wrapped and filled with curry spices, potatoes, deep fried, and served with our house special red sauce (CE- If you like Indian Samosas you'll find these comparable. They have a different wrap that isn't as thick or oily. I prefer the Burmese type as appetizers because they don't leave you as full but they are just as good as better than average Indian Samosas. They were a good start for a really good meal to come.)Tea Leaf Salad * Salad prepared with imported Burmese tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp (or vegetarian), fried garlic, sesame seeds, peanuts, and split yellow peas (CE- Salads are usually an obligatory afterthought in my meals but this was a real treat. The tea leaves gave me a sour, lime or lemon type of taste which made the salad experience SO unique & very tasty. One of the best salads I've had that I didn't make myself.)Burmese Style Curry (Shrimp, Catfish) * Burma SuperStar's specialty curry. Choice of shrimp or catfish (CE- This would have been my 1st place favorite if my daughter didn't take 4 different helpings of the lamb & leave me with little to really enjoy like I wanted. I liked this dish so much, I took the rice from the other community dish & dumped it in with the last 2 remaining shrimp just so I could enjoy the sauce it comes with entirely. We tried the catfish dish too & it had a different taste to it but it pretty much had the same sauce. Good all around, but the shrimp won only because there were bones to pick out from the catfish & the sauce was that much better.)Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice* Braised chicken and shrimp buried in a clay pot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts (CE-If you have ever tried Indian Chicken Biriyani, try this & you'll leave the best Indian style behind. I've tried some good Biriyanis but damn, this was really good. Only bad point is you gotta cut & pick the meat off the chicken drumstick & thigh, which is probably what made it taste better, so it's more of a not-so-bad point)Burmese Style Curry (Beef or Lamb) Burma SuperStar's special curry. Choice of beef or lamb (CE- Again, my 6 year old ate all of this but from the little I got...WOW)Coconut Rice (Per Person) * Aromatic jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk (CE- I think this made all the dishes taste better somehow. Don't go with regular steamed. I'm certain this makes the experience better.)Fried Coconut Pudding (CE- Pass on this. My sis, who recommended this place (high five, your restaurant cred remains way up there), said they didn't cook this long enough. It's blah.)Fruit Filled Platha bread (CE- Indian style pratha bread with Bananas & strawberries, coupled with mango-coconut juice left me very satisfied with this entire meal as the finale. Get this w/ some ice cream on the side if you can)As for the experience, our time there was really good. We didn't feel hurried even though this little place was getting packed to the limit. The staff was very patient & helpful in explaining the dishes & I appreciated how they handled this troublesome table next to use that let their kids run amok. Kudos to the people who work & run this place. This place gets as close to a full over 4 stars recommendation that I've ever given. Good luck finding parking or getting seated if you're not there right when they're open.
Tuesday night was girls' night and we made plans a week ago to try this highly rated restaurant in the Richmond District. I've never tried Burmese food up until this point and had not idea what I was in for. Parking in the area is a bit tricky and took a while. When we got there though we saw a line straight out the door. Needless to say we had to sign in on the waitlist which allowed us to put down our name and a cell phone number. 45 minute wait. Go figure. Here I'm thinking it better be as good as it's all hyped up to be. My gf and I went to a nearby bar and had a glass of draft beer each. Soon enough after some good catch-up chit chat we were called to go get our table. The place is a bit small in size but I can imagine the rent to cost a lot in the Richmond. Most restaurants in the the area are on the smaller to mid size. The decor is nice and very enjoyable and everyone in the restaurant looked happy to be there. In no time we were caught up in all the loud chatter that was filling the place with excitement and atmosphere. For dinner, my friend and I shared a Samusa soup, Tea Leaf Salad, Beef Curry, and Jasmine rice. The first two items were featured on the Food Network so us foodies and foodies-want-a-be's they were a must-try. I also had the Iced Soy Chai. I had no expectations coming into this cuisine encounter but I was very pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious to say the least. I've never tasted something sooooo very yummy. I highly recommend all the same items we've tried. I had leftovers for the next day and still the food was great. Only exception was the soup however which was too strong and less yummy next day. If you have never tried this place it's a must-try for sure! I can safely say this is my second favorite restaurant in SF now. I cannot wait to go there with more friends to try the rest of the menu. Cheers!
My favorite meal in San Francisco. We met an awesome local that highly recommended this spot and it was definitely a superstar! Must try the tea leaf salad. The ingredients seemed odd but it was so delicious! The Asian white sangria was on point! Lychee and Asian pear in sangria=yum! I ordered the ckn dish thy came in the clay pot. And it was awesome! The ckn was so tender, it fell off the bone effortlessly and the dish was very tasty. If I could give this place 10 stars I would! And their waiting list is creative. U place ur name and cell on this sheet and then they'll call u when ur table is available. don't be scared by the long list...it's worth the wait. Go to a nearby coffee shop or check out books at the green apple.
This place has awesome food at very reasonable prices! The staff is very friendly and they have complimentary tea while you wait. There is almost always a line if you don't get there within an hour of opening so get there early or be prepared to wait. The platha and dip appetizer is one of my favorite dishes ever, a must try!
this is a 3-star restaurant with a couple of 5-star dishes. the tea leaf salad and vegetarian samusa soup are both phenomenal and worthy of repeat trips [also, the price is right]. the rainbow salad is also great, but the tea leaf salad is a foregone conclusion and ordering two salads is just strange. i just said salad a lot more than i usually do. unfortunately, ive always thought the other menu items just sound "meh." on occassion ive tested that theory and found that its more or less accurate.so, heres the plan: go for lunch when its even cheaper and split the two standout menu items with a friend...its more food than you think; for dinner, check out the sister restaurant, b star bar.
For me, this place disappointed. There is a HUGE wait to get a table and you would think this place MUST be good for so many people to be waiting but for me it just tasted like subpar chinese food. There are rice/noodle dishes..salads etc. Yeah there are some nice spices on the food but overall it just didn't do it for me. Not worth the travel from where i live and the parking in the neighborhood is impossible.
I pride myself on being original, individual, different than the rest of you hoi polloi, yadda yadda.Well. Not anymore. Let me be person #822 who joins the Burma SuperStar band wagon. Yes, the wait is long (actually, we lucked out, but I can see how easily it can get out of hand), the place is tiny and the tables are even smaller (at one point I considered just placing one of the plates in my lap to free up some space).BUT: the staff is extremely nice, the service is incredibly fast and the food is delicious. Had the Samusa Soup, Chicken Casserole and Beef Curry, and everything was scrumptious.Only downside: now I'm going to have to trek out into the Richmond more often!
It is difficult to get Burmese food in Myanmar, products are scarce and the sanitary conditions in many places are scary even for a veteran on the 3rd world. So don't go to Burma for the food, in-fact of all the places I have visited, Burma might be my least favorite. So don't go to Burma, unless you are helping over throw that vile dictatorship. These guys make Saddam look like Gandhi... And I have known a few dictators in my time.But the food at Burma SuperStar is fantastic. I am not sure how authentic it is, like I said you can't get Burmese food in Burma. But who cares about authentic when the food is this good. Don't be daunted by the line, letting that scare you off is for wimps, and we all know when they expand this place the quality will go down hill, it always seems to go that way.
Let me start with why I DIDN'T give this local favorite five stars:1. It takes forever to get in *2. It's pretty cramped and noisy inside *** But you can leave your cell #, go to the Bitter End or the Rockit Room for a drink, and wait for them to call when your table is ready** On the flip side, the atmosphere is always lively...Other than those facts, I really enjoyed this place. I lived in this neighborhood for a couple of years, and tried to go to Burma Super Star at least once a month. Whether it was for take-out, a date, or entertaining a crowd, I always enjoyed it. The food is excellent, and the servers are always knowledgeable and friendly. They will often explain all the ingredients in the very complex dishes even without being asked (they seem very proud of their fare).The proprietors also have a decent sense of humor. Check out their T-Shirts.A few must-haves:1. Fiery Chicken with Tofu2. Samosa Soup3. Rainbow Salad4. Tea-Leaf Salad5. Pumpkin Stew6. Beef KebatFYI, they recently opened a sister restaurant on Clement @ 2nd (B-Star).
the wait here can be really long, but you can leave the area and they give you a call when your table is about to be ready. the place is also really small and can be annoyingly cramped at times.i would recommend all the salads on the menu especially the tea leaf. the vegetarian samosa soup is so flavorful and yummy! you should def. try anything that is featured on the food network ( it will say so on the menu) the platha and dip is very good....i usually order two servings. it's similar to the roti and curry dip that indian places servei would stay away from the noodle dishes..i've tried two of them are they are just OK.
Some things are just worth the wait. Burma Superstar is one of them....and you will be waiting, trust me....waiting a lot...waiting more than an hour, waiting for that chick in the window seat to finish drinking out of her coconut (seriously, a coconut...no filthy sexual innuendo here) before you lose it and pounce right in there and finish that coconut for her.I have two words for you: Samusa Soup. Get it and thank me later. It's one of the best soups I've ever had in my life; cleared up my sinuses really well and had me sniffling for the better part of the meal, and the taste....oh, dear Lord...pure HEAVEN!!!I will definitely be returning. Food's great; the service is...wait for it...my favorite word....FRIENDLY....and the price is right.  I'm now officially a Burma Superstar groupie.
After a couple times visiting this place with groups for dinner, I was a bit underwhelmed... probably because all my friends ate all the food! Hence, came here from lunch to actually try things out and I approve! Definitely try the tea leaf salad!
I went here on a Thursday night around 7 pm and was lucky enough to be seated right away. Tea leaf salad = amazing. Garlic and chili shrimp = awesome. Coconut rice = delicious. Pumpkin and pork stew = meh. The pumpkin was super dry and potato-like. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be, but I didn't like it. The rest of it was great, though. The service was friendly and they didn't rush us out. Bathroom could've been cleaner but you don't go to Clement Street for the bathrooms.
seriously? almost 3000 reviews...this place is good, you will enjoy everything you order.
So here's the deal. The wait is usually an hour or so but have no fear. There's an unreal Turkish spot Troya right down the street. Grab some mezes and then wait for the call. The alchemy of the coconut rice soaked in Vegetarian Tofu Barat sauce is something from the heavens! That is all you need! Samosa soup and 22 ingredient salad, throw in a secret green tea leaf and say good night!
Worth the wait, and I've waited two, three hours easily with friends. Of course the trick is to check in personally with the hostess, get on the mind-blowingly long list and walk yourself over to any of the 37 Irish Pubs in the 'hood and wait for them to call your ass. Simply because the list will grow shorter than you expected from all the impatient and starving parties losing faith. But if you stick around, it'll be so worth it.My friends also say that the other "star" down the street is the same menu and same ownership and hardly a wait, but I've yet to try. Something to think about.
Worth the wait.
Holy smokes, Batman! I've been dying to go here for a long time now and Friday night was the night. A chill night in with a friend. We needed some takeout grub to gossip over. Low and behold, Burma Superstar was awesome! Granted I didn't get the whole experience (place was packed in like sardines and the wait was an hour forty) - but the takeout process was easy breezey- in and out in less than 3 minutes, just 15 after calling in. The first bite of Sesame Chicken was heaven - til the last drop. As was the coconut curry-like sauce and vegetarian noodle dish. Mmmm, slurpy. I'll be back....! Can't wait to explore other stuff on the menu. Oh yeah, one extra star for presentation of takeout food. Quite impressive.
It's not as good as ratings say it is. Nor does it live up to the hype people built up about the place. I came here with 6 other people one night and we all ordered take-out since the restaurant was packed. Items we chose from the menu wereTea leaf salad: The salad was fresh and well balanced. It was probably the best thing from what we got. Riblettes: They were good in flavor, but it seemed they just used leftover pieces of ribs that were going to be discarded and turned it into a dish. Not that much meat..you're basically paying to suck the sauce off the bony pieces.Samusa Soup: Now, since I've heard so much shit about this dish, I had to try it. It was mediocre in flavor, and didn't live up to the hype at all. It contained broken bits of samusa, lentils, and some chopped cabage.. hardly as memorable as many people say it is. Again, it seemed like they used leftover samusas to use in the soup. Smart for the restaurant, but annoys me when I pay more than 10 bucks for soup that seems to be comprised of leftover pieces and chopped cabbage. I wasn't the only one that thought this soup was mediocre.. so did the 2 others that got it.Pumpkin stew: PRetty good in flavor, but nothing memorable. Tasted like curry and probably could've ordered a dish with similar taste profiles at a cheaper, lesser known thai restaurant.In all.. the experience was disappointing. Tasted fine, but nothing amazing. All 7 of us felt a little disappointed actually. I might come back later to try other things, just in case there was a difference in quality since we did take-out.
Burma Superstar is probably my favorite restaurant. Ever. Makes me wish I lived in San Francisco. Every single time we hit SF - we make a trek here. I have since tried to recreate samusa soup at home - I have gotten close, but its never the same. Tea Leaf Salad - why can't I make you myself??? What's that. We don't trade with Burma and you can't get these tea leaves anywhere? DARN IT ALL TO HECK. Can't wait for my next visit....
Meh....this place is alright. I don't understand all these 4 and 5 star reviews. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but if ever in the area I might pop in to try some of their other dishes. The Tea Leaf Salad is pretty tasty though. This is the type of place I would bring my friends from out of town to but not the type of place that I would be a regular at.
I'm sure I'm not contributing anything new by writing this review. Maybe I just want to be part of the cool crowd by being able to proclaim to the Yelp masses that I, too, have eaten at Burma SuperStar. Twice.Tea leaf salad = delish. Moh hinga/catfish chowder = delish. Braised pork with string beans = delish. Poodi (potato curry) = delish. Bonus points for having different size servings on the menu too.Minus one star for being so loud and busy, and while it sucks that they don't take reservations, where would the fun be in calling weeks in advance and getting seated right away, instead of salivating for an hour plus at everyone else's food?
I've eaten here countless times now and can conclude that this by far one of the best places to eat on Clement. Some of my favorites tea salad and the samosa soup. However, the soup is not always consistent. It can be really spicy at times and not so at others. Because of their unique ingredients, this place does stand out from other restaurants.
The staff is very nice and understanding of the crap parking situation. They have free hot tea outside for all the people either waiting for a table or waiting for their friend to find a parking spot. Inside is cute, but not pretentious. Had the tea leaf salad and the superstar vegetarian noodles (Burmese noodles with tofu, cucumbers, potatoes, chili sauce, and cabbage, served at room temperature). Both were pretty good. Tried the catfish curry and didn't like it, mainly because catfish tastes too fishy, but also because it seems the skin was on and I don't like that. They're on top of the water refills. Average prices.
Quaint little restaurant. Reached there about 8:30pm on Halloween night and was pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately.\Tried the catfish chowder soup, which is nothing like a chowder and the chili lamb. The soup was ok but the chili lamb was true to its name and fabulous. Our host was very courteous. He went around to all the tables greeting the regulars and getting to know the newcomers. Turned out to be a good discovery. Will definitely visit again.UPDATE: Visited a second time with a group of friends and had a fabulous time....great food, great service.
True + Real = TrillWhoa!!! What the hell? How is it that I've only given this place four stars? I mean, isn't it true that this is place supposed to be the hip shit? If you speak hyphy: isn't is supposed to be dumb, yadadamean? Or yet, isn't it mad trill (translation: true + real)?Yes, this place is true, and yes this place keeps it real. In fact, that they will call you on your cell phone to tell you when your table is ready - is "real," in and of itself. Considering this is a restaurant, Burma Superstar takes customer service to a whole new level. I'd love to give it 5 stars for that reason alone. However, I'll point out that they have good reason for this system. I called ahead to have my name added to the list before my date even arrived at my house in the Inner Sunset. We then walked from my house, across the park, over to Clement, down Clement, and arrived to find our name was next on the list... score... right? right? Well, sorta.. we still had over a half hour wait even with our name "next" on the list. In all, I'd estimate an approximately one hour and 15 minute wait for a table. However, I will not deduct stars for that - they should be applauded for how popular they are, and if they don't have an empty table - that isn't their fault.Next then, is the food. The food was excellent. It was delicious... it was trill even. The Rainbow Salad was really, really good. They mix it for you at your table - which is pretty exciting. My lady tried the Chicken with Basil - which was great. On the recommendation of our very friendly and helpful server I tried the Burma Shrimp Curry thingy - which was fantastic!So is Burma Superstar worth the wait? Assuming your stomach is ready for the wait, absolutely - yes! So what gives, why only four stars? I'll give the service 5 stars. Well, I'll give the interior of the place 4 stars. I'll give the food 4 and a half stars. So, I may not deduct a point because of the long waits, however I won't hesitate to round down because of it. After all, there are restaurants just as awesome in the city with significantly shorter lines.
Trust me, just go. It's that good. Get the tea leaf salad to start, then just start picking. Didn't have a single bad dish there.
Ive heard many good things about this place so was happy when i got the opportunity to try it out.What a great restaurant. First of all i noticed there was a line forming in front of the door before the place opened for dinner. Luckily we got there early and secured a good place in line. All of the employees were very friendly and helpful. The food was fantastic. One thing i can recommend, and i know i will return to order more of, is the tea leaf salad. Very unique salad, very good.seating was close and we had a nice chat with the people sitting next to us. I would recommend this restaurant to any of my friends!
Ate there again last night and its as scrumptious as ever. We're early birds so the infamous crowds/waits never seem to happen for us. I love the fried, unleavened bread. The fried rice. The veggie curries. The wait staff. The world (apparently) famous salad. If you haven't been, do yourself a favor and go.
I'll keep this one short.Suggested Menu:Tea Leaf SaladCoconut Chicken Soup or Samusa SoupNan Gyi Dok Coconut RiceAlso get a ginger lemonade! It has a very unique taste. Wait kinda sucks though. Either go at non-peak hours or call ahead to put your name on the list.
Really good, but I wouldn't necessarily say "amazing."Tip: They take in the last customers at 9:15pm on Sundays, so if you go in right before then, you probably won't have to wait.
SO-oh-oh-oh-oh gewwwdddd... i trusted my fellow yelpers and tried the tea leaf salad. came out on a plate in sectioned areas.. i guess just for show cuz the waiter promptly mixed up the ingredients and voila (?) an unexpected, pleasant taste graced my tastebuds. i felt healthy eating here and guiltless. that's always nice. anyways.. veggie friendly is obvs. everything is good and superstar-busy. the other 1600+ reviews can vouche for it.
This is the worst asian restaurant ever. Please stop coming here. Please stop telling all your friends to come here. Surely you must be able to find better asian food elsewhere. If you insist on disobeying and adding to the seemingly unending crowds that dine here, you GOT TO HAVE THE SAMOSA SOUP! Holy crud. Other highlights include the 23 ingredient salad, the PORK CURRY to DIE FOR! And of course usual highlights such as sesame chicken or beef. Yes its the best friggin' meal ever ok. Now please go away!!!! Please? : )
There was a lot of hype surrounding this place. The hype quickly died down as we sat outside the restaurant for nearly two hours waiting to be seated. This quickly reduced my morale as well as my appetite for yummy Burmese food.The food itself was good. Nothing great, certainly nothing that would inspire dreams or fantasies. The tea leaf salad was excellent, but everything else was just...OK. I don't think I'd make a point of coming back unless there was no wait.
I don't know what all the fuss is about. I thought the food here was just ok, not very authentic. We brought my wife's family here when they were in town and none of us were impressed. We ate family style so we tried several different things on the menu, too. Yamo is way better. I'd go there instead.
So good!!! Try the catfish curry.. Great flavors if u like spicy.
We waited for 1 hour and didn't get seated. The table we were waiting for ended up just sitting there and talking for the longest time as though there weren't other people waiting for their table. If they wanted to talk, they should have found a better place for it. This was not the restaurant's fault. They ended up sending us to their sister restaurant called B*star about 2 blocks down and their menu was a lot more expensive. I think this was the worst dining experience I've had. Maybe I'll come back at a better time next time.
Okay. burma superstar. I had been dying to try this place, after hearing rave reviews about it - not to mention it's stint on the food network. I went on a saturday afternoon, NOT a good idea. lol Probably had to wait a good 45 minutes for a table of 3. However, they did have some tea outside for the people waiting which I thought was pretty cool...and tasty!But onto the food...Samusa soup - DELICOUS! like nothing else i've had. kind of a mix of indian, thai, and...chinese influences maybe? very flavorful. loved the samusa bits.Tea Leaf Salad - it was good. not spectacular, but i liked the different textures going on in the salad from the different kinds of nuts.Rainbow salad - hated it. i really don't understand all the hype about this salad. I thought it had a really weird aftertaste, almost like chemicals...i really wanted to like it, but I just couldn't do it.overall, I'm glad i got to try burmese food but I probably would not be back to burma superstar.
I admit the food is delicious, but is it worth waiting hours for? No. (I hate waiting in general, the longer the wait the grumpier I am.) I really like the Samusa soup and the chicken casserole. Since the restaurant is so small, going in small groups will get you in faster. If the wait is too long, I suggest going to Mandalay, also Burmese and only a couple blocks away (I think they are just as yummy).
DISCLAIMER: I've only been there once and I've noticed that other yelpers say your experience is indicative of what you've ordered so I'm giving this place the benefit of doubt with two stars (it really deserves one star). On the flipside, if you rave about a restaurant shouldn't EVERYTHING on the menu be good?I've always seen an extremely large crowd gathering outside of this restaurant so I figured I'd check out the hype. I definitely recommend calling an hour ahead through their special wait list hotline (not to be confused with the actual number on the website). Let's not be fooled though, when you are in an asian restaurant and you look around and notice that the entire restaurant is filled with caucasians, you should grab your jacket and make a dash for the door. This truly is the golden rule. Burmese food is basically repackaged thai food but done wrong. Beef Kebat, nothing short of mediocre or what you could get down the road at Spices II (for half the price). Out of everything I ordered the snap pea shoots was the only thing worth mentioning. Candied ginger flour-less chocolate cake... bleh. Mediocre food is truly not worth an hour wait or writing a complete Yelp review.
I will never turn down an invitation to go to this restaurant. Burma SuperStar is one of my favorite eateries in SF. The food is amazing and price-wise it puts so many other (less tasty/more expensive) restaurants to shame. The only issue is getting a table. On the weekend you may wait up to two hours. So note - definitely don't go with a large group. And a little know secret.... call in advance to get the hostess to put your name on the waiting list. They won't take reservations, but they'll add your name to the list, and if they call you before you arrive, tough luck :) Go to the bookstore or cafe across the street and chill. So food... the tea leaf salad, the rainbow salad, the samosa soup, and all the authentic Burmese dishes recommended by the waiter. Sooooo good.Update (6/17/07):Damn... my friend Don read my review, invited me, and I turned him down. But understand people, I did it with pain in my heart... and a burrito from El Metate (yelp.com/biz/2y2lTn53XJC) in my stomach! So I make a revision... I'll never turn down an invitation UNLESS I just ate or don't have the time to wait for a table :)
Quite likely my favorite place in the City for a nice dinner at a reasonable price. Be prepared that everyone else thinks so to! Superstar is, like New York, "a place no one goes anymore because it's too crowded!" :) However if you like the people you bring with you the wait in line will not seem so long at all.The food is simply AMAZING. The Beef Kebat is a great spicy option. So is the Spicy Crispy Chicken. The Tea Leaf Salad is everything the menu says it is. My niece says it's the best thing she ever put in her mouth.For dessert get the Coconut Fritters. If you like coconut you'll blow you lid over these little deep-fried coconut pudding fritters.Also, an awesome option for take out! Call ahead and don't wait in line.
Every time we pass by here on our way to Murasaki, there is always a line. So one day we braved the line and signed our names to the wait list. We appeased our appetites by going across the street for some cocktails at the Rockit Room. We eventually sat down and squeezed in to our table for a very delicious meal. Ignorance is bliss so with my limited geographical knowledge, I have to say Burmese food is like Thai and Indian fusion. Definitely worth the wait.
I'm waiting for my boyfriend's Burmese coworker to tell us that it's finally okay to go to visit the country of her birth. Once she does I'm immediately booking a ticket and fasting for a week so that I can consume as much of the country's delicious food as possible. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like this will be happening anytime soon and I refuse to support their oppressive government with my hard-earned dollars. So, in the meantime, I am happy to get my fix here in San Francisco at Burma Superstar. Now, talking to a few people in the know, it seems that Burma Superstar isn't all technically authentic Burmese food, but I'm too busy shoveling chopsticks full of their 22-ingredient(!) Rainbow Salad into my mouth to hear the news. Twenty-two ingredients! That's more than you'll find in my entire kitchen. But at BS, that's just the tip of the iceberg (and no, iceberg lettuce is NOT one of the ingredients). Me and the boyfriend also usually get two orders of the Salt & Pepper Chicken (last time we only got one and had a full-on chopstick war over those delectable morsels). The S&P Chicken comes with this amazing dippy sauce that's a little spicy and tart and perfect, so ask for extra to pour over the coconut rice that you will also inevitably be ordering. Your mouth with be utterly confounded by the juxtaposition. In a good way. The Samusa soup is another smorgasbord of perfectly spiced mouth flavors. There's cabbage, lentils, onions, and jalapeos, as well as bits of falafel and samusas! What the hell? All of these ingredients make a soup?! Yes. And it's vegetarian, so everyone can feel good digging in. Now the main dishes are all usually pretty good, but I'm always more focused on the previously mentioned starters to get all fidgety about what I'm ordering for the actual meal. It's best to go with a big group so that you can all order a different main dish to share. Beef kabat has never treated me wrong. And the other night my boyfriend really enjoyed the SuperStar Shrimp. But why stress over decisions? Go ahead, get one of everything on the menu. The prices aren't bad.Of course every silver lining has a cloud. The downside to all of this goodness is that BS is located in the Richmond District, worlds away from Union Square if you're visiting from out of town. Parking is difficult and they don't take reservations. Please note, this place is ALWAYS full! Get there early and prepare to wait. Put your name on the list and leave your cell phone number so you don't have to cram yourself right inside the door or wait out in the inevitable fog. On our last trip, we discovered that Burma Superstar has opened a sister restaurant right down the street called B Star Bar. Since we had time to kill, we walked down there to check out the menu. I figured if they had enough overlap we'd just eat there (it wasn't crowded at all). But the menu was almost completely different. Only the Tea Salad and Samusa Appetizer (not the Samusa Soup) made the cut. The food was mostly Asian, but with more of a Fushion/California bent. Eh. With the original right down the street, I can't imagine coming out all this way to settle for second best. And until I start seeing more stellar reviews on Yelp, you shouldn't either.
I can't say enough good things about this place. Apparently neither can the Food Network because at least three of their dishes have been featured on their shows. The service is quick, but you have to get to the restaurant and wait in line at least 10 minutes BEFORE THE PLACE OPENS! Otherwise the wait can be long, but well worth it. I recommend the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, and samosa soup.
Hello Burmese food! Where have you been all my life?! This is a new fave find in the city. I don't usually tread out this far since it's complicated by public transit, and virtually impossible to park, but I may have to make an exception. Truly wonderful flavors...Thai meets Indian. Mmmm!
Made the silly novice mistake of showing up with a group of (yes, from out of town) friends on a Saturday night at 7:30pm.By the time we got in at 10pm....yes TEN o'clock we were all so hungry that they could have served us mud soup and we would have loved it. But they did not....in fact our food arrived no more than 5 minutes after we place our order and it was pretty amazing.I had never had Burmese food before so nothing to compare it to but you know when you just know you're having good food cause everything smells and tastes amazing? Yeah, it was like that.My favorites were the coconut rice (someone at work had told me months ago to try that out) and the beef curry.So now that I've learned my lesson, I will be showing up at really random times cause -again- when the food is that good, I don't care what time of the day or night it is, I am eating it!(4 stars because I really can't accept waiting that long for food...only if I'm well seated sipping on cocktails and having an amuse bouche)
The food is quite good, I must admit, but come on now the wait is ridiculous. The first two times I've eaten here were for a late lunch so I had just walked in and sat down with no wait at all. With that in mind I had not prepared myself for the dinner crowd and the hour plus wait for a table for two. I'm definitely coming back, but probably not for dinner unless I plan to read half a book at Green Apple. I definitely recommend the yellow bean curry and the tan poi rice. That is a good combination. Of course the crunchy-nutty-garlicy pleasures of the tea leaf salad are delightful.
Good food, bad service.
I've been wanting to try Burma Super Star for years, long before I moved to NY. So on this recent visit home, I found an opportunity to meet out a friend out there for dinner. It was a rainy night, but that didn't stop the crowd from forming outside the door. Unfortunately, I can't say I'll be one of those folks braving crappy weather to come back to Burma Super Star.We started out with the Rainbow Salad, a lovely presentation of 22 ingredients, which the knowledgable waiter explained quickly without missing a beat. Then he mixed it all up tableside. The combo of the ingredients and the dressing provided a light, tasty start to the meal, but I can't say it was spectular. We also tried the Burmese Samusas, which are deep fried triangles filled with curried potatoes, served with a sweet/spicy red sauce. Reminded me a lot of eggrolls. Yummy, but hey, pretty much anything fried is yummy.For entrees, we ordered the Shrimp Kebat and the Curry Eggplant. The shrimp were cooked in a tomato-y sauce with onions and tomatoes. Mild dish, flavorful, but not spicy. The curry eggplant was swimming in oil, as many Asian eggplant dishes are. Flavors were good, texture was smooth, just too oily. We ordered brown rice to go with these dishes.Overall, I liked the food, but there was nothing really special about it. I had such high expectations for this place, after years of recommendations and all the great reviews, but nothing wowed me. I'd go back if someone else chose the restaurant, but probably not by my own choice.
The only thing I can fault this place on is how crowded it is - I don't think you could fit another person in this place. Sardines. Just. Like. My poor mom had to leave a few times to get fresh air when we took her there (she lives in Canadian boonies, so I think it came as a shock so many people in such a small restaurant).But the food is amazing. We will only eat here twice a year at most - the food cannot be good for a person too frequently, a person on a diet, so it's for the best. But my god. We order the same thing each time it seems. Staples have been the Rainbow salad, sesame beef (my favorite - what on earth do they DO - favorite food on earth), that spicy chickn ball one, pumpkin curry, coconut rice (it's... got some addictive properties - that buttery sweet coconut - coupled with that sesame beef). They'll also to the thai ice tea with soy milk. Nice. Tastes wonderful, and maybe it's not as bad (I just don't want to know).OK, I have to finish this review because we won't be back until next April and I suddenly feel deprived. Sigh. Call ahead and get on the list, the wait isn't so bad.
I was really reluctant to try new food but this place is just AMAZING! I had the tea leaf salad which I recommend but I dont think id order it again because there are so many things on the menu i want to try! the service is amazing everyone is super fast and super nice. the foooood- mouth watering, i dont remember what the name of the dish I had was called but seriously everything there is just amazing..amazing- AMAZING!
It really pains me to write this review, as I am such a fan of their food, but getting a wait time of 1 hour ending up to be nearly 2.5 hours is unacceptable, regardless of how good the food is. If you can't give a good estimate to your clientele, don't give an estimate at all. 4 people out in the cold, and two freezing ladies with empty stomachs does not bode well on a Saturday night.
With over 400 reviews, I really don't know what I'd say that has already been said.It's damn good. I was lucky enough to come with seven other hungry people so we all ordered a dish (or two.) Eight people... ten dishes. Yeah, it may seem excessive but it was a smart way for me to try EVERYTHING and EVERYTHING was delicious.The pumpkin pork? OMG. Tender. The garlic shrimp? OMG. Flavor bursts. The ginger lemonade? YUM.Go. You'll probably have to wait. But be patient. That's all you need to know.
wasn't as busy at lunchkind of a mixed bag overallsamusa soup quite tastytea leaf salad -- very nice combination of crunchy texturesand tea leaves imported from Burma (interesting touch) but chopped lettuce and tomatoes seem a bit out of placeshrimp kebat -- not my favcalamari and duck garlic noodles -- just okcoconut rice -- quite flavorful
This place was astoundingly good. I thought $9 sounded steep for a salad (for lunch), but their tea leaf salad is totally worth it. The coconut rice with the deluxe vegetable curry can also only be described by superlatives. The staff were very chipper and attentive, and the wait, while it looked intimidating at first, really wasn't that bad.
I just have to say I'm glad I finally got to try this restaurant which is coincidentally located right across the street from Genki one of my favorite crepe places! :DHonestly, I don't think people should compare restaurant food to their own family's cooking. Obviously its not going to be as good because everyone grows up with a certain taste in their food. For example, Italian restaurant food NEVER tastes as good to an Italian as home cooking! It's just natural. Not trying to knock Shannon L., but its just my personal opinion! With that said, I find this place to be pretty yummy; I love the spices and oils used in the cooking. I came with a large party so we got to try a lot of their food. I'll just try to list them below :) ...the names may not be exactly what it is on their menu though, I can't remember all the names...Rainbow Salad - I really liked this one; the tastes seemed to change in my mouth! It was first a very refreshing taste, then you could taste the curry oil and the fried garlic gave it a very crunchy texture. The tastes almost change like a rainbow! :) Catfish Chowder - This one was a bit odd. I wasn't expecting there to be noodles in it and it was actually very thick and more stewy than I expected it to be. Beef Samosas - Nothing too amazing but I liked that they put potatoes in it! :DBeef Kebap - One of the less exciting dishes of the bunch....I wouldn't order this one unless you were craving exactly what it is...spicy beef. Veggie Curry Delux - Also one of the less exciting dishes...if you wanted veggies I would suggest doing something that doesn't have to do with curry, just because a lot of the food is spicy you might want something a little less heavy in taste.Claypot Chicken Thing - This had a really long name on the menu but its basically a chicken thigh on a bed of rice. The chicken is really tender and soft and falls right off the bone! It was quite good, but the rice was soso, although there was a lot of chicken flavor in it - maybe its made with chicken stock? Duck Noodles - Hmmm...not exciting at alll...tasted kinda like...regular pad thai or something....Curry Beef with Pumpkin - Mmmm, the pumpkin and sauce in this dish was soooo good. Had a very creamy texture and the tastes weren't too strong.Burmese Fried Rice - One of my favorites of the night. Just the right amount of spices and flavorful with a great aroma. Simple, but very filling and satisfying. Ginger Lemonade - Very sweet. If you can ask them to put more ginger flavor in it, because you cant really taste the ginger after a couple sips! So, Burma Superstar has quite a few good dishes and a couple of other more mediocre dishes. Considering the amount of people they have in here ALL the time, the food came efficiently and our waiter was nice. However, I have to dock one star for the waiting time! If you do decide to come, I think you really do have to call in 1. - 1.5 hrs ahead of time, its really THAT popular. Very yummy and I would come here again! :D
I don't know what all the hype about Burma SuperStar is about. There is always a line with an ungodly wait. I will concede that the tea leaf salad is very unique and tasty, but other than that, everything else is average. It is definitely not worth waiting any amount of time for. If you get there early and don't have to wait, i would suggest trying it. The cost of waiting longer than 15 minutes for a table greatly outweighs any benefit/satisfaction you might obtain from the tea leaf salad, or any of the other mediocre dishes.
Hands down one of the best restaurants in SF! Samosa soup, green tea leaf salad, the vegetable curry and the bread are all to die for. I once ate here years ago with a chef. He told me that Burma Superstar is where chefs eat in SF.The line is long but you can get a beer across the street at Blue Danube while you wait. Genki crepes for dessert after dinner makes for a perfect evening.
This is a 2.5. Service was good but the wait was well over an hour to end up at a super small table - think banging elbos and not enough room for the food. I've heard the praise, but I didn't like the rainbow or the tea leaf salad - interesting but too salty and not that good. 2/4 entres were good, the others not. All around about 3/4 of the food was relatively uninspired and with portions and atmosphere considered, overpriced - $110 for four people w/ two apps, four entrees and two drinks. The warm tap water did not complement the spicy food well, especially considering that our table was basically in the dish room. I know that I am probably the only one, but I don't think I'll be back. 3 stars is a gift for the creative and extensive menu.
This place came with a strong recommendation from a Portland colleague. We had only a 5 minute wait and competent service. Our waitress was kind. I ordered the tea leaf salad which was very nice. I liked the lemon juice finish very much. The entrees were just average though since i expected more flavor or spice. This was my first time there and also first time eating Burmese. I would return again but definitely will order a different entree next time.
It came highly recommended and after waiting for so long I was so hungry I'm not sure if that enhanced the flavor of everything. The Tea Leaf Salad was awesome. The Samosa's were ok. To tell you the truth I can't remember what we ordered so that's not a good thing. I had something with mango in it and the mango's weren't ready. I'd go back just for that tea leaf salad.
the definition of a sucker: you go back to a restaurant that you haven't been to since 2002, which you stopped going to because they had grown too big for their britches, too popular with the bay area hipsters to be a fun place to actually enjoy a meal.  you call ahead, get on the list. you show up an hour later and are instructed that it'll be a half hour wait and they'll call you. you go to a neighborhood bar, are called over an hour later to come back to the restaurant. you check in, and then wait another 45 minutes outside the burma superstar.  at this point, you've waited so long that you are no longer hungry and are in fact a little queasy because it has now been two hours since they told you you'd be seated.  they don't give a f#$% because there are a million more suckers like you waiting outside.the definition of a sucker: go to a place where they dont' need your business at all, and don't have any motivation to provide you a positive experience because there are approximately 500 people who'll come take your spot in the queue. the definition of a sucker: you still write a yelp review even though they have 1812 other reviews.
People that say bad things about Burma Superstar should be taken to the back and....well....yeah.I love this place. The Rainbow Salad is phenomenal. The people are so friendly and welcoming. The price is just right. My friends, family, and I packed ourselves into this tiny restaurant and ate like there was no tomorrow. It was like nothing we have ever had before. I am Filipino but this kind of Southeast Asian food almost has an Indian touch to it. This is the kind of place that a lot of tourists go to but locals treasure.So....just order everything. I mean everything. I don't think there was anything I did not like. But please - get some Rainbow Salad and SOMETHING with LAMB because they do it RIGHT!
The best food in the world. If you haven't been here you haven't lived. Period. Go now. Just get up from whatever you are doing and go to Burma Super Star.
The food is to die for!!!You will wait in line for over two hours on a Friday night, the hostess will constantly tell you to come back in 30 minutes, the line will be out the door, you will eat rubbing elbows with people you don't know.... and it is all absolutely worth it!Everything is flavorful, veggie friendly and very filling. The beers are a great compliment to the spices. The service is quick (once you get in).Don't miss it. This is by far one of the best meals I've had in the area.
LOVE the Tea Leaf Salad!!! That itself gets a 5-star.So why the 3*? The wait is unbearable! Service is sparse.The Rainbow Salad is okay - I really do not like the inclusion of the 4 cold noodles. After one bite I couldn't continue eating the salad. Ever since that fateful day that I betrayed my Tea Leaf Salad - never again let the Rainbow touch my lips.The Samusa Soup is very tasty but very very heavy and fulfilling. It's an entree of it own. I sat and expand in my belly all day long. I end up skipping dinner that day. The noodles are not my favorite. I've tried the Superstar Noodles and the Coconut Chicken Noodle with Curry. One was served at room temperature and the other had way too much coconut and curry aftertaste. Too much was going on.The Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole is good but very greasy. Chicken Dahl is tender. The Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil is tender with a delicious hint of lemon grass and basil. (Reminds me of home.) The Beef Kebat is extremely tender with a nice hint of heat. My only complaint is that there were way too many onions slices and few beef. When you order ask them to give you only 1/2 the amount. Even that is still too much. I swear I filled up the spare plate with the sliced onions. Oh and the hot house tasteless tomatoes are added before leaving the kitchen. I had hoped that it would get a nice saute. I always get hot jasmine rice with the dish and sometimes the brown rice (ask not to have the fried greasy onions on top of the rice).Hot tea come in a bag. Very weak. After steeping for 8 minutes we had to ask for 2 more just to give the hot water a taste of tea.
I love dinner with the girls...I always get to eat what I'll never get to eat if I went out the mr. picky. Burma Superstar is great. We had lychee soju mojitos (yes odd but tasty) to start it off, vegetarian samusa soup (apparently its been featured on Food Network)...tasted a bit like drinking curry chicken soup, pea shoots (Delish, must have), chicken dal (curry) with some mixture of coconut and brown rice. Service was great after the 25 minute wait. We sat down, the waiters were attentive, the place was hustling, good company helped. Everything was "major"!I would definitely go again! ask me to dinner...anyone? anyone?
It was good, not mind blowing, which was what i was expecting after a two hour wait. The service was excellent though.i really wanted to give them 3.5 stars but oh well.
This is my favorite place to eat. Period. The chili lamb is AMAZING. The service is great. The only complaint is how packed it is, but hey, cmon, they're doing well! Can't give them grief for that. Call ahead and get ready to wait...BUT IT'S WORTH IT!!!I don't tend to dally much on the menu...but when I have I have yet to find a single dish I haven't enjoyed.Enjoy!p.s.GET THAT CHILI LAMB. GET IT. NO, STOP THAT. GET THAT LAMB.
I was lucky to ask the person beside me on the plane for some restaurant recommendations when we landed in San Francisco. One of his suggestions was Burma Superstar and wow, was it a good recommendation! First of all, we went on a Sunday night, and called ahead to see how long the wait would be. We were told "about 45 minutes," but they took my cell number and put us on the list right then. When we arrived about 45 minutes later, they were not ready for us yet, but suggested a place up the street where we could have a drink while we waited (this restaurant is quite small- no extra room to stand around and wait for a table). They called my cell when the table was ready a little while later. We had four in our party. We shared the tea leaf salad (so fantastic) and the samusa soup (also great). We all had different dishes for dinner and everyone at the table loved theirs. None of us had ever had "Burmese" cuisine and we really enjoyed the unusual and new flavor combinations. The wait staff could not have been friendlier, offering suggestions on how much to order, answering all of our questions, and although they were obviously busy they never acted too busy to be available. Water was never more than half empty all night. One of the waiters told us, upon learning that we are from Virginia, that there's a Burmese restaurant in Virginia as well. My experience here was so good and the food was so enjoyable that I will definitely seek that restaurant out. This place did not have an empty table in it for more than 5 minutes from the time we first arrived, and there were still people standing outside waiting to be seated when we left. It's popular with good reason. Even came home with a cute Burma Superstar t-shirt, and the proceeds from that go toward worthy causes in Burma/ Myanmar.
This place rocks! Me and my gilr were craving some good Asian food-why not go Burmese!? She had told me about this spot. We must have ordered the whole menu but every single plate was so yummy. Good service, failry small inside but worth the squeeze. If you ever head out to the Bay area...make sure you try this spot. I know tons of people out of this area that recommend this spot too!
When I was in college I had a friend who worked here so she would bring lunch and share with me :). I recently went to the restaurant with some friends and didn't even bother looking at the menu because I trusted that everything on the menu was going to be good...an it was. We ordered the rainbow salad and though it was good...I would have preferred to have ordered the tea leaf salad. There's always next time.
Long long long long long wait... Oh did I say LONG wait? I waited over an hour and 30 minutes. Ok so we had like 7 people but still. was ridiculous to wait that long. Was the food good? Yeah i gotta say it's my type of place. Spicy and yummy is a good combo. The tea leaf salad was so good. Nuts and all in the mix to make it yummy good. The chicken and pork were pretty darn good. Samosa soup was good and spicy. Over all, it's pretty good food. Only knock is the price and long wait. Only get 3 stars... Other notables is free hot tea while waiting so it's not ALL bad.
Amazing food! Try the Tea Leaf Salad. Would go back in a second to try everything else on the menu
3.5 Stars, which will probably go up the more dishes I try.We waited about 20 minutes longer than I was originally told, but in a bar down the street, so I can't really complain.The food was good, but compared to Mandalay, I'm not sure which I would pick. Honestly, I like Burma Superstar's way of dealing with long waits better than Mandalay, where you sit in the waiting area for 45 minutes... The Rainbow Salad was tasty, and complicated, and interesting, but the salt & pepper chicken completely blew it away in terms of spicy-fried goodness.We had the superstar shrimp, which was awesome (if a bit too garlicky), the chicken in basil, which didn't hold up to the garlic shrimp, and platha that I could happily use to eat myself to death.The staff was very friendly, and seemed to know well how to deal with the massive crowd outside. Someone went out to take everyone's order while they were waiting -- a nice touch when they could just say "go away, we're closed now."
Really good, varied selection
great chicken and curry noodles. so creamy and delicious. the tea leave salad was also good but nothing spectacular.
We came to this place after seeing a very long line outside the night before.  Checked the review on yelp and saw a lot of positive feedback.  Went to lunch there the next day and there was no wait.  I was looking forward to the tea leaf salad and the samosa soup because a lot of the reviews recommended these dishes.  I was very disappointed.  The tea leaf salad was mostly iceberg lettuce and the samosa soup was just okay.  The service was courteous. In other words, this place is over hyped!!!!
As I follow up to my last review I still feel Burma Superstar is nothing to brag about. We had the chicken lettuce cups which was boring, the pea shoots were fresh and had a light healthy feeling, the lamb curry was pretty much a basic lamb stew the flavor was good and it was perfect for a cold night like last night, last we had the eggplant with garlic sauce which should have been called eggplant with a TON of oil. The waitress was very nice the wait was about 15 min which wasn't that bad for a Wednesday at 6:15. We ate and left in a hurry as the girl next to us was coughing like crazy, so rude stay home if your sick! Overall this place is just okay.
First go at Burmese, and it was excellent. The tea leaf salad is exceptional.
It's hard to take seriously a place that's name sounds like the title of a rip-off musical.But, you should.Everyone always asks the inevitable question: "Burmese food, what's that like?"Some people have no idea although most seem to not know that Burma (currently known as Myanmar) is a country and thus has it's own food.One taste and you hopefully know there is absolutely nothing like it. The flavors and spices mix together so well, it's hard to think of a comparison. In fact, that's a big part of why I have to give this place 5-stars, I can't think of a closely comparable taste to the food found here.(Pardon me for not using the menu names, hopefully my descriptions get you close enough to the actual descriptions.)  Yeah, Burma toots it's own horn by mentioning it's 22 ingredient salad was featured on the Food Network, but have you tasted it? It's awesome. I thought it was some lame gimmick that would taste like bland crap, but it was quite the opposite. The pumpkin and pork stew is unique and lets you know everyone's favorite gourd has a use outside of Halloween. There was a pork and potato curry we ordered and despite sounding rather bland, was ridiculously tasty. The pork was so tender it literally felt like it was melting in my mouth. Yeah, I can keep going...The beverages are great as well, besides an eclectic selection of Asian beers (Singha, Tiger, Tsingtao and an Indian beer who's name I missed) they also have their signature Burma Cooler. The Burma Cooler is a subtle but delicious concoction of beer, ginger and lemon. While it doesn't sound great, it goes down smoother than a mimosa and is perfect for putting out the fires of some of the spicier dishes. If you get enough pitchers, you may find yourself a little tanked after all the firefighting (thanks Rusty O.).The food comes out fast although the service can sometimes lag. I can't really blame them considering they do their best to hold together a place at which people are willing to wait upwards of 2 hours to eat. Make sure you call ahead to get your name on the list. The person on the other end will usually give you a range of times (45 mins - 1 hour) in which your table will be ready. Arrive closer to the later estimate.
I went for lunch and only had to wait 5 minutes to get a table. A friend who's lived in the neighborhood for years asserts the wait for dinner has gotten progressively worse over time. Recently on a Tuesday night she was estimated an hour wait and when she returned was informed it would be another hour before they could get a seat.... a total of 2 hours?! on a Tuesday??!! EFF THAT!! At that point they bailed and ate somewhere else down the street.The service in nothing spectacular. The food, however is really, really good. and fresh.  We had the rainbow salad and the samusas. Both were yummy. I was most impressed by the spicy chicken with basil entree. It was ubeleivably delicious and amazingly fresh.Although the food at Burma SuperStar can pass the test with flying colors, it's no where near wait-around-for-over-an-hour spectacular. I don't think any place is that amazing.So, there you have it. Four stars. Great for lunch. Take the risk for dinner, but most likely you can find better use for your time.
Called ahead for 2 and was told the wait would be about 1 hr to 1 hr 15 minutes. Ended up being 1 hr 30 from when I called.It was refreshing that the food was different. We had the chicken samusas (large but found the eggroll wrapping odd),garlic noodles with duck (noodles had a nice texture and flavor but very little duck),and the burmese chicken casserole (wasn't a fan but was expecting something entirely different. tasted like a typical indian chicken and rice dish).It was a good dinner but I wouldn't say anything spectacular and worth the wait.
Whenever someone asks where I live, and I reply "on Clement Street," I usually get this reaction:"Do you eat at Burma Superstar a lot?!?!"While I've lived in the neighborhood for about 4 years now, sadly my answer is no, I don't eat there as often as I should. And I have to smack myself for it!Last night was my second time dining there, and the we waited for a table for about 40 minutes or so, which seems typical because there's always people lined outside everytime I walk by. I was getting nervous because the hostess was calling final seating. I check in and luckily we get seated! They were quite effiicient about it too! Since it was the final seating, they had us look through the menu and took our orders before we sat.And by the time we got our table, the food was out shortly after! Tea leaf salad was awesome! Great flavor and combination of textures. Highly recommend it! In addition we had the chicken casserole and this spicy shrimp dish that we paired with coconut rice. It was unbelievable good!We also ordered this ginger beer that I thought cooled down the spice of the food real nicely.Despite the restaurant being terribly busy, the service was actually real good!I don't know why I don't eat here more considering I live down the street. Maybe its the wait for a table that deters me, but then again, its well worth it. Perhaps I should do more take out.
Me: ...and we'll have some coconut rice tooWaitress: OKMe: Does that come in a coconut? (Nate shakes his head)Waitress: Uhh, no...the coconut milk is mixed with the regular jasmine rice...Me: OhhWaitress: But we have a coconut drink you can have...Me: Does it come in a coconut?Waitress: YesMe: FinallyNate: You're an idiot.Overall, this is the Randy Jackson of restaraunts. Likeable, cozy place you'd hang out with, but superstar? No way. The details:Food: Solid, but not spectacularService: Fast, but the place is so crowded that the service feels rushedValue: ExcellentAmbiance: Cozy. I liked it.Convenience: Poor. Line out the door even on a Tuesday night and located in a crowded area of Clement. Of course, every place is located in a crowded area in this city.
Hmmm... is there anything I can add to the gigantic pile of "Boy, the wait is really long, but the food is really good" reviews this place is already getting? Let's see... yes. If you show up for lunch on a Sunday around noon, they can seat you immediately.There ya go. That's how to get into BSS without waiting in line. Now I'd better get some "Useful" tags for this, people...
Everything is worth they hype except the Spicy Calamari with Fresh Basil. That tasted like molten lava.I'm glad I went but I wont go again (due to the wait) unless coaxed by someone else.
I love this place. Whenever people visit, I always bring them to Burma. My favorite dishes: rainbow salad and coconut fritters. I literally order these two items to go and eat it in the car to avoid the line.
The Place:The place looks nice, but it is always crowded. They tried to shove tables in every available space, but it's very hard to maneuver around. The wait is terrible, and if you don't show up within 15 minutes of opening, you're on the wait list. Some people have waited upwards of 2 hours for the food, so get there early!The Service:The hostess can't keep the waitlist in the correct order. People are skipped, which sucks because some have been waiting for over an hour. The service used to be good. I've been going to Burma Superstar for the last 15 years, and it's gotten extremely popular in the last five. Unfortunately, the service has steadily declined. I'm not sure if it's because the place is always packed or because they're standing in the back chatting (though I think it might be a combination of both).The Food:The food is good. This is coming from someone whose parents are from Burma/Myanmar. I don't think it's anything special, but it's close enough to what my mom makes so I guess you can call it "authentic." The portions are small and overpriced. Every time we go, my mom complains that she can make the exact same thing eight times for the same price (and eight times better). I think the food is very overrated, especially that tea leaf salad people like recommending. If you want a recommendation, the fish chowder (moh hinga) and coconut chicken noodle (nan gyi dok) are pretty good.All in All:If you're looking for something "exotic," BSS isn't a bad place to go. Unfortunately, there's a lot of BS in BSS and the place is overrated. It's not worth the two hour wait or the expensive prices. If you want to try it, go at 5PM for dinner. That way, you avoid the lines and you have a chance at parking on Clement. If it's too busy, you can always try Mandalay on California (a block over). The two places are pretty similar in price and taste, but BSS has a better reputation because it's been on the Food Network. Three stars! Good food. Long wait. Highly overrated.
i'd been wanting to try this place for awhile, and finally some friends and i went the other weekend. i should preface this, however, by mentioning that i've never actually had burmese food before, so i dont really have much to compare to. we knew there would be a huge wait on a saturday night, so we called ahead and had the hostess put our names down on the list (since they don't take actual reservations), and she said it was about a 45-60 min. wait. So we took our time leaving the apartment, then jumped on the bus, and by the time we showed up 55 minutes later, they were just clearing a table for us. Our timing couldn't have been more perfect. everything we ordered tasted great, our favorites being the moh hinga (catfish chowder) and nan gyi dok (coconut chicken rice noodle curry). those were really great. we of course ordered the tea leaf salad, which was good, not phenomenal though, but maybe that's just because i'm not a huge salad person. and we also got the beef burmese style curry, which was also quite good, but tasted like your typical curry. It was also fun that for some of the dishes, they mixed them at your table in front of you. While not ideal for recipes that require proper melding of all the ingredients' flavors, this was good for the dishes that wanted to highlight key flavor components without having the entire dish turn into an dull mush. i think we had such an enjoyable experience because we hadn't been waiting out in the cold forever and the food really hit the spot. but had our circumstances not been so ideal, i dont know that it would've been an amazing meal. I definitely want to try other burmese restaurants now before coming back, but since the food was tasty and the portions were nice and hearty, I dont see why I wouldn't eventually end up here again.
Burma Superstar is way overrated. I'm sorry but I have had better Burmese food at a restaurant in San Mateo.
I heart Burma Superstar. Does it heart me? Why, yes! Burma Superstar will make you wait, wait, wait, and then wait some more just so you can taste the sweet nectar that trickles from the kitchen. Oh, and they have cute waiters. :)
so i came here as recommended by a friend. I was very surprised by the hour long wait. When you get there, you sign in your name and # in party. You can leave your phone number and they can call you so at least you have the option of wandering around in the nearby shops in the mean time. (just get there right after they call or youre out!) Finally we were seated. The restaraunt is a tad crowded. We ordered the tea leaf salad- it's known to be popular and apparently for good reason- delicious! Also special because i've never had or seen it anywhere else. We also had the raviolis- great if you like yellow curry. Our entre was a noodle dish with cilantro and coconut curry flavors. Delicious. Another distinct flavor. Although it's really busy, the workers staff was very friendly and helpful. the hostess was doing a million tasks at once so i'd have to give her some major credit : ) Come prepared to wait outside, but expect good service and food :)
One word describes this cramped, humid, yuppy, hipster-douchebag haven: overrated. Yes the tofu tower is good...and what else do you have??? NOTHING...Mandalay is a few blocks away on California, is much better/friendlier/cheaper and there is rarely a stupidly long line to get a table...remember, peeps, hype is your enemy...
Had lunch with my Mom here, since I'd heard so much about the place and I expected that it would be somewhat reasonably priced (especially since the competition is so great here on Clement). I asked to look at a menu while we waited, and the waiter gave us a to-go menu without the lunch specials listed. I had the black bean chicken with lotus root and Mom had the lamb curry. The food was good, and the portions were decent. But the prices seemed inflated...$13+ for the lamb curry dish, and then they charged her extra for the rice...because it wasn't one of the (apparently secret) lunch specials...even the lunch specials were pushing $10 each...flashback to the dot-com boom...oh well, was worth a try...We both prefer the food, the ambiance, the service and the prices at Mandalay a few blocks away.
This was my first Burmese food experience and I will be going back. The Tea Leaf and Rainbow Salads are very unique and delicious. The Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice is awesome and probably the favorite of the dishes I sampled.However, it is a tiny hole in the wall and very popular (with good reason). Prepare to wait or call ahead and get your name on the list. The staff will also take down your cell number and call you when your table is ready, letting you wander around the area a bit.
Very mediocre. Noodles tasted like something a college student who's never cooked before would make. Curry with pork was OK, but I've had way better. I cannot believe how overhyped this place is. Prices are relatively high. Maybe they had some great cooks before, or perhaps not during lunchtime? +1 star for friendly service.
Came here with some church friends and had a really good time! The food was tasty and I'm not into Burmese food. Too spicy for me, but it was good enough that I enjoyed it. The drinks were really good too. I had a lychee cooler and it was soooo refreshing! My friend had this mango drink which was really good to. We had the tea leaf salad which was went well with the other dishes we had. We had a chicken, pork, and beef dish which were all good!The service was nice and friendly. I highly recommend this place, even with the wait. Price decent.
This place is great. Went there for the first time. My girlfriend and I had a good time there. The staff was very friendly. The food was great. One of the best curry i had ever had, and I love curry. My girl got a garlic noodles, but she didn't like so much because she said that she couldn't taste the garlic. But it was okay. We'll be back to try something else.
The samusa soup was amazing. This place is not to be missed. Go there, and you will not have regrets!!
If you like Indian and Thai cusine, you will love this. Very authentic and tasty.
So after standing in the fog one Friday evening waiting to get a table at Burma Superstar my friend and I decided to just order food to-go. And it was delicious beyond belief- although this is the only place I've had Burmese food at-and it was definitely worth the wait. I went back with a large group a couple months later and therefore got to sample even more of their menu. Hands down their rainbow salad is one of the best dishes they have. And I love how they mix it together for you table-side. We also got this beer/lemon drink (I refer to it as beer sangria but I'm sure that's not it's real name) and it definitely complimented all of the food really well.If you are going to have dinner here definitely call them ahead of time to have them put you on the waitlist so you aren't standing out in the fog for a long time.
Delicious!! I could eat this everyday! Good vegetarian options, samusa salad is great!
FINALLY got to try this place when we happened to walk by, it was open...and there WASN'T a line! Now I understand the line...the tea leaf salad is amazing-the kind of thing that you might get hungry for and make anyone in the area stop there to pick up for you because you absolutely HAVE to have it.All of our other dishes were fantastic--and pricing was reasonable. Will be headed back to stand in line (with the hot tea waiting) to beat the cravings and try more on the menu.
I've heard about Burma Superstar from my friends in the Bay for, oh I don't know, ever. When my friend, a dedicated meatatarian, began raving about the vegetarian food including the salad - his consumption of which is a feat virtually unheard of since we graduated from high school - I knew it had to be nothing short of amazing. The guys had hyped it up so much, it was the only choice for our last supper in the Yay Area. They tried to downplay how good it was before we got there, to ensure I wasn't disappointed.  I didn't Yelp it before I came up because I trust them, but now seeing the over 1000 reviews and solid 4 stars, you have to believe the hype. With a line around the block and people waiting over two hours in the frigid Inner Richmond for a meal, it was completely worth it. A tip - put your name and number on the wait list and they'll call you when your table's ready. The Blue Danube across the street is a great place to get out of the cold, chat with your friends, and cop a squat while you wait.I'm a Burmese cuisine neophyte but everything from start to finish was absolutely finger-licking, good-to-the-last-drop delicious. I don't know if that's true of all Burmese food, but if Burma Superstar is representative of the genre I can't wait to find a Burmese restaurant in So Cal! Since the guys had been there before, they chose a couple of dishes that were tried and true but we also branched out and got things that were new to them; everything we chose was Burmese so I can't comment on their other dishes but the Burmese food was incredible.Vegetarian Burmese Samusa Soup: I hate curry. Hate it. Something about the spices just puts me off; but this soup, it made me a convert. With crunchy bits of fried potato samosa, cabbage, lentils, pieces of broken falafel, and pungent onions in a mildly spiced curry soup base with a sublime creamy texture, it takes the chill off from waiting in the cold.Tea Leaf Salad: Who would think that fermented tea, sesame seeds, peanuts, onion, yellow peas, dried shrimp, tomato, and lettuce dressed simply with oil and lemon juice could be this delicious? Fermentation is responsible for creating delicious flavors in food - beer, wine, salami, breads, cheese, pickles, kim chi - and in this salad the fermented tea leaves add a subtle earthy flavor. It hits every taste bud and keeps you guessing with the crunchiness, acidity, saltiness, and piquant flavors.Pea Shoots: Pea shoots, where have you been all my life?! Stir-fried with wine and flavored with garlic these are a great accompaniment to any dish. I'm inspired to find these at 99 Ranch and make it at home.Burmese Style Curry with Lamb: Even with the samusa soup rocking my world, I was still apprehensive about trying this curry dish. So wrong. The curry was lightly spiced and delicious with the tender chunks of braised lamb. Not spectacular but still good.Garlic Chili Shrimp: Holy crap this dish is garlicky but being Filipino garlic is part of our holy trinity - the French have mirepoix, Filipinos have garlic, onion, and salt - so I loved it. The shrimp were stir-fried but still tender, slathered in a garlic-infused oil, mixed with onions and jalapeno, and topped with, of course, more garlic. With the sauce soaked into the rice and mixing it up with the pea shoots, its a revelation.Chocolate Banana Rolls: Basically, a gussied up version of a Filipino dish called turon. Bananas and chocolate chips, topped with jackfruit, and enveloped in a lumpia wrapper and fried. Served with coconut ice cream mixed with bits of fresh coconut and sliced strawberries, the juxtaposition of hot and cold, crunchy and soft, cream and the acidity of the strawberries, it was a delicious ending to the meal.Between the three of us we polished off all six dishes crowding us out on the table, which was easy to do when the food's this delicious. What makes Burma Superstar so good is consistency.  Without a low point to any part of the meal, each dish was consistently good which is so hard to pull off. Burma Superstar, you've made me a believer.
seriously delicious. well worth the wait. ask the waiters for recommendations... everything is phenomenal!!
highly recommend. Get the Vegetarian Samusa Soup and the Rainbow Salad or the tea leaf salad. Can be very busy so you might have to wait but it worth it. Or go to the one in Oakland the wait isn't as bad.
I went here once, but quite frankly don't understand the hype around it. Yes it's good, but yes there are other places equally as good or better.
B1tch please stop giving me the stinkeye because I know to call in advance and we finished our meal while you were still waiting for a table. If you don't know, now you know. The long and short of it is that BSS rocks. Food is killer and Burmese chicks are hot. What more can I say ?OK, I'll tell you what we ate. EVERYTHING ON THE GODDAMN MENU ! It was hilarious, there were three of us and when I ordered the food the waitress was looking at me like I was from another solar system. What's wrong with three appetizers, two side dishes, some rice, and three main dishes for three people ? What am I to pass up, the Rainbow Salad ? NO WAY. Samosas ? NO WAY. Can't miss the pea shoots or the broccoli either. The only dish that didn't absolutely rock me was the "Spicy Crispy Chicken", which was simply heavily breaded chunks of fried chicken bathed in something resembling Chinese style sweet and sour sauce. Not awe inspiring.
Amazing food that's consistently great and definitely worth the wait. (If you're in too much of a rush, try their B Start Bar down the street that does take reservations. The Tea Leaf salad is amazing as is their yellow been tofu and shrimp with lotus root. The service is fast and always friendly and they do an efficient job getting managing their wait list. Be sure and bring a jacket to wait outside because it's usually foggy out there.
After all the hype, and the crazy lines out front, these yelp reviews etc.. I was expecting the best sh*t ever.... but in the end it was pretty dissappointing. We tried the 2 popular dishes, the soup and the noodles and they were OK - but definately not worth the very long waits outside for. Plus this place ain't that cheap. 3 stars for me.
So we actually had reservations.. but we still had to wait outside for over an hour. Luckily we weren't the only ones waiting, so along with about twenty-five other people we waited for this mystery waiter to appear in the streets to take our order, which is what we were told would happen. Forty-five minutes after arriving we waited on. Outside. I felt so bad for the rest of the people who did not have reservations when we were finally seated. From then on, the customer service was much quicker, though I am not sure whether it was the people or the fact that the restaurant was going to close in fifteen minutes. So as far as the food goes, it wasn't the best, not by far... well, I've never had Burmese food in a restaurant before either, but for what it was, the food wasn't. I am not going back, not without a fight.
A possible neighborhood staple. This was my second attempt dining here. I made sure I went with a smaller party, it was a Monday night, & got there at a decent time (arrived before 6pm) to avoid a long wait. I did end up waiting for about 10 minutes. Ordered the chicken samusas, spicy & crispy chicken, and curry eggplant. Samusas - had this for the second time and it was just like how I remembered - good. I wasn't impressed with the chicken dish - my friend wanted this dish even though it was the last on my list. It was average, something you could order @ Panda Express. The eggplant curry was good, however I was disappointed when we received it lukewarm. I love my food temperature hot. Service was good, the food came out fast. I give it 4 stars because I know I'll be back and will be ordering their specialties. Will reevaluate then.
OMG- it's so yummy.Obvi can't add too much since there's a billion + reviews for this place, but the sesame chicken is so worth it!! The tea leaf salad has such a great taste. Coconut rice makes me sad to say goodbye. So full we couldn't even think of dessert. Currently my favorite food in the entire city. Best wait staff in town- hands down, so friendly & fun. LOVE love love the part where they call you on the celly while you're drinking away at the bitter end. A perfect world dear Burma Superstar, and for that I thank you.
I've been looking forward to trying Burma SuperStar after reading all of the raving reviews and hearing so many great things. I dragged my boyfriend there one Saturday afternoon, had the tea leaf salad and the beef curry, and tried really hard to love it as much as everyone else did, but was sad when I couldn't. The flavors in the salad were interesting; there were a lot of things going on, but the overwhelming taste was salty/sour. The beef curry was good, but not great. To go along with the 'ok but not sensational' curry, we had the coconut milk rice which saved my meal and made me think that perhaps if I gave Burma SuperStar another chance, I'd be singing a different song. As you chewed the kernels, each one was filled with a subtle, but undeniable sweet, milky, coconut flavor. I never thought that I'd say this about rice, but it was pretty dreamy...I would give it another try if I were staying in the lovely Bay Area...just to see if there was something I was missing, but I wouldn't be in a hurry to go back. Except for the rice.
Oh how I long for the days when Burma Superstar was little known and you could get a table at any hour without waiting . . . but alas, the people of San Francisco have awoken and now herald this restaurant, rightfully, as one of the city's culinary treasures. Seriously, the food is amazing every time. Every time I have an out-of-town visitor, I bring them straight to Burma Superstar. You can't come here and get the full experience without ordering the Vegetarian Samosa soup (it's their most popular soup for vegetarians and meat-eaters). It's just spicy enough to clear your sinuses (but not too spicy for wussy folks like me) and full of wonderfully yummy thinks like samosas, falafel, and lentils. I also love the 22 ingredient salad--literally has that many ingredients and they mix it together at your table. Tastes delightful!Sometimes that's enough, but I generally cannot resist the pea shoots, which are amazing Chinese greens cooked with garlic. I dream about them regularly. Another great thing on the menu is the Poodi (potato) or yellow bean curry, which has the most decadent and fantastic bread along with it.The only thing I don't like is the Tea Leaf Salad, and that's not because they don't make it well, it's because I personally don't like the flavor. The people who work here are incredibly nice and though I'd suggest coming at a not-so-popular time for lunch or dinner (i.e. super early or super late), the food at Burma Superstar is WELL worth the wait.
Yes you have to wait for a table, but it's worth it. This seems to be the theme for my reviews this week "Asian restaurants that are worth the long lines."Note: if there is a long line, it is a good indicator that there is something special...or it's a Starbucks and you are a tool.If you want a good time, ask the overworked server what exactly is in the 40 item salad she is delivering. They can all tell you. Better yet, don't be that guy that is always at the table next to me and read it off the menu before you order.Great food, but they could use another server on the busy nights. I can't remember any of the stand out items, but would feel comfortable ordering anything off the menu. OH WAIT, the coconut rice. That may not be the exact name, but it is great!
Looks like a thousand other Yelpers beat me to it on this one, so I'll just leave my 4 stars, mention that the rainbow salad was among the highlights of my adult life, and move on. Cheers!
You know, they say, go to Alaska or India or Africa before you die. I say, go to Burma SuperStar. This small restaurant captured my heart! The food is wonderful. I had the tea leaf salad. Honestly, it wasn't that attractive, but once I got to know it, once I tasted it, I was pleasantly surprised. Me and my friend both fell in love with it. Everyone's dishes were great. I will go back soon! Highly recommended.
Go early. Go often. This is one of the reasons that make this a great food town. Rainbow salad? 22 ingredients to put the zing in your heart strings.The red sangria is so good. The prices are right.Oh, I want to go again and experience that certain happiness that a good meal and great service can bring.
So, Burma Superstar has 409 reviews as I write this and a 4 star overall ranking. I am waivering between 4 and 5 stars--I guess it really doesn't matter, now does it? I have been here once, and I want to go back badly. The food was superb--fresh, full of flavor, well cooked. Yes the wait is a bitch, but they take your cell phone number, and guess what? There are bars nearby. Sit down in one, have a drink, and wait for the call. Is that really so terrible? The answer is no. Burma Superstar rocks. Check it out.
It's bold to open a restaurant and give it a name with a word like "superstar" in there. Bold, indeed. If it were my establishment, I'd be concerned about jinxing it... But the masterminds behind Burma SuperStar obviously knew what they were doing. They KNEW people would leave their restaurant thinking, "superstar, indeed."Burma SuperStar rocks my vegetarian world. Oh -- and my carnivorous dining companions seem to like it pretty well themselves. Yes, you will grow gray hairs waiting to get in. Last weekend, a couple friends and I gave up when they quoted us a two-hour wait. But folks, Burma is a superstar -- she doesn't have time for everyone.If you ARE lucky enough to get in, try anything -- there's nothing bad on this menu. The samusas are fabulous. They're only one vowel away from an Indian samosa and they're similar in form and content (triangle-shaped pastries stuffed with potatoes and other veggies), but they're different, and so much better: lighter, better balanced, and more flavorful. Put them in the spicy samusa soup with falafels, lentils, and cabbage amongst other things, and they're to die for.The tea leaf salad, boldly branded "featured on the Food Network!" on the menu, is another flagship item. Try it. Fermented tea leaves? Weird, you might think... But now that I've had them, I don't know how I ever subsisted without them.This weekend I tried the "tofu tower" entree: tofu cooked to a perfect, silky texture with shittakes and red peppers in a black bean sauce. Divine. I've woken up the past two mornings thinking about the leftovers. I might be developing an unhealthy obsession with Burma. But hey, that's the flipside of superstardom...
My first experience at Burma Superstar:My boyfriend and I waited 20 minutes for a table in the cold wind, which they were about to give away to some snotty girls who came after us when we were RIGHT OUTSIDE and they HAD my phone number, which they had never called. We are seated, our table uncomfortably close to our neighbors, but this I usually don't mind so much. It happens a lot. I wait to place my order after about 5 minutes of menu browsing...... and I wait for about 15 minutes. The waiter proceeds to take a HUGE party's order who sat down way after us. Call me impatient, but I really really did not want to wait for the party of 12 to get their food before I got mine, when they got there after me by at least 15-20 minutes. So I got up, tapped the waiter on the shoulder, explained that I was not okay with the service and I had been waiting for my order to be taken for quite a while, and we left. I was pretty mad, because I've BEEN a server, and I wasn't even that great at it, but I never pulled anything like that out of lack of caring or lack of attention. I will be back (I love burmese too much not to give them another shot), but I'm still going to say that Mandalay is the best place in the neighborhood. Their service is friendly and they're never so packed that a server forgets who came in first. Plus the food is delish.
I came here with a friend who absolutely adores the place. We had all of her favorites which happened to also be the popular dishes. I wasn't floored or anything. Yes the food was good but I prefer the "other place" down the street. What i really did like (which made this a solid 4 stars) was the fact that they called us when our table was ready. This gave us time to wander into the Bitter End instead of standing in the bitter cold.
A great little place. Owner is nice. Poodi was yum!
This has been a staple in my Burmese diet for sometime now. When I fist went here, despite the ridiculously long wait to get in...I would have given the place a 5 star rating. In recent years though the popularity of this restaurant has soared an unfotunately the quality has suffered. The meals are still tasty but the emphasis seems to be to get you in and out. For more of a relaxed atmosphere and equally tasting food I'd go to Mandalay which does not try and get you out the door. If you have the time and don't mind the wait...check out Burma Superstar. Their sister restaurant B-Star is pretty good and a much shorter wait.
I still love this place. I prefer the Tea Leaf Salad to the Rainbow Salad and I love the Samusas. I just tried the famous Samusa Soup which was flavorful and delicious, although I think that while the samusas lend the soup a lot of its flavor, they lose their crispy txcture which I missed. The only thing I have ever had here and not really liked was the Okra Egg Curry -- it was bland and the eggs were rubbery.
Definitely worth the long waits. This Burmese restaurant excels at every dish it creates and after exploring other Burmese options, I'm even more convinced that SuperStar is the best Burmese around.The Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad are as good as everyone says and I'd recommend including them in any meal at Burma SuperStar. Some of the less talked about dishes that blew me away were the pumpkin shrimp, which is in a pumpkin curry with large soft, but meaty, chunks of squash and shrimp. The curry and squash are terrific, while the shrimp is just very good. Their famous Samusa soup is also terrific, particularly because of the way the samusa dough melts into the soup. The ground catfish soup also has a wonderfully unique and hearty taste, while the coconut chicken noodle soup did not live up to the other two. I'm not much of a fan of beef, but I loved the beef kabat.Live every review says (in more detail) expect a wait, but also expect a terrific meal.
This is the 825th review...how do I say anything that is worthwhile? So......Golden monkey Tea, Garlic eggplant, Rainbow salad, and garlic & onion shrimp. Oh, and dont forget the Coconut fritters.....Eat here, it is good, but go early due to the wait.
The best burmese food ever. You have to come here.. The tea leaf salad is the best!! its in such a cool area... after you eat here, go get desert at one of the japanese places nearby.
I really want to give this place five stars. BUT. Yes there is a but...I had to knock off one star because although I am a patient person, my tummy is not.The food was divine. Don't miss the Samosa soup or the Chicken claypot dish accompanied by Cardamom rice. The service was speedy.I can't wait to go back. Burma SuperStar you are my SuperStar.
Pleasantly unsurprised.
Burma Superstar rocks. I'd heard great things about the place, and, being very skeptical about restaurants, being a cook, I was way impressed.I went with three others and we had the following:Beer (Singha)Wine (Cabernet Sauvignon)Iced Tea (whatever)Good Earth (a cocktail made with barley alcohol, rice, and cinnamon)-it was like a horchata on crack. So good.Fermented Tea Leaf Salad (large)Rainbow Salad (large)Samusas (Chicken)Superstar Vegetarian NoodlesBraised Pork Belly with String BeansBurmese Style CurryCoconut Rice (2)Jasmine Rice (2)Mango SorbetCoconut Pudding FrittersOk, so the samusas rocked! Much like the Indian samosas we know and love, although with less aggresive spice-based seasoning, and served with a slightly sweetened and pretty spicy chili sauce. These rocked, but needed more sauce, I think.Tea Leaf salad was insane. The leaves themselves created an astringent and numbing sensation, I imagine because of the large amount of tannins involved. It was presented family style and tossed tableside. Really delicious with the combination of tea leaves and the wide variety of crunchy ingredients, such as dried shrimp and fried garlic. De-fucking-licious.Rainbow Salad was great, also. I actually made it in culinary school a few years ago, but this one was so much better. It's made with 22 ingredients, including 4 types of noodles, several vegetables, lots of crispy dried or fried stuff, and a delicious tamarind dressing. It was pretty solid.Superstar Noodles were cold...like, intentionally. A lovely surprise, for sure. Flavor wasn't as impressive as the other salads, but really nice and refreshing, to be sure. Nothing wrong with it, I just can't recall it completely.Braised pork belly was nicely cooked, braised properly and everything; however, the shitakes served with it were rubbery and bitter...no bueno, senors.Curry was AWESOME! Lamb wasn't like crazy-super-tender, but it was not tough or chewy or anything. Lots of greasy, red, delicious sauce for the rice to absorb.Jasmine rice was exactly that. It was good.Coconut Rice ROCKED! With shallots on top. Really, really delicious.Coconut pudding fritters! What a great idea. Fried pudding, Holy shit, dude! The pudding itself was a little gelatinous or perhaps, starchy actually. A little too firm, in my opinion. Served with coconut ice cream (awesome), and some sliced, sweetened strawberries, and, of course, mint. But, whole spring herbal garnishes are a whole other review of contemporary cuisine in general, and a rather angry one, as well...so we'll save that for later.The Mango sorbet was lovely, and refreshing, and not overly sweetened.Service was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable. Slightly aggressive, but understandable, considering the immense popularity of the small place. So, for 4 of us, with all that, and a good tip...$140. Crazy cheap, babies!So try Burma Superstar, but get there early, put your name on the list, leave your cell number, and hang out in the neighborhood for up to an hour or more. And come with friends, it's a fun time.Enjoy!
Don't come here after 6:30pm starving and expecting to be seated right away..its not gonna happen! I've had an hour wait before! Here's a tip: You can call the restaurant and tell them to put your name on the waiting list and give them your phone number. That way, you get a little head start. You can kill time walking into all the little stores on Clement Street until they call you for your table.On to the food:Most of their dishes are really good. I recommend the Rainbow salad to start. The crispy chicken (can't remember the exact name..sorry!) is sooo good. Pretty decent soups. I don't like their curry too much but its not bad....its just not my favorite.I've had so many good things here... I think anything you order will probably be pretty good.
When hipster 2.0 types hear I live in the Inner Richmond, the first thing they mention is Burma Superstar.Yes, it's good. And yes, the wait is insane. The only good thing is that you can give them your name and number, and then wait across the street at the cafe they own, the Blue Danube, which is a pretty cool coffee shop with a beer and wine license. They'll call you when your table's ready.What's Burmese taste like? A saucy, spicy mix between Indian and Chinese is how I'd describe it. Pretty darn tasty. If you like saucy dishes, you can't go wrong with any of the curry dishes. The Rainbow Salad is good, if maybe a tad oily for my tastes -- if you can handle typical Cantonese oily, you're fine.I used to go before the remodel and the weekly mag reviews. The prices were cheap. Now they're still reasonable. The issue is how much time do you have, really? Expect at least an hour wait."Who eats Burmese?" That's honestly the big question. 9 out of 10 who eat there I bet could not place it on a map. Yeah, look it up before you go. Impress your hipster friends.
Whenever I'm up in the bay area, Rainbow Salad pops in my mind lol.The rainbow salad is so dam good! It's yum yum yummy! I totally savor each bite I eat. The mango chicken is good also. I forgot the other thing I tried because all I could think about right now is the rainbow salad. ::drools:: I'm literally salivating just thinking about it. lol
This place gets a 2-star simply because noone should have to wait 2.5 hours for a table! Put our names in at 6:45pm on a Saturday evening and did not get sat until 9:15pm...WTF?! Yes, food and service inside was fantastic, but the wait is ridiculous. Does anyone have "insider" tips they're willing to share? We'd love to go back, but by the time we ate, we were all starving and beyond frustrated.
one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants in the country. Rainbow Salad, Shrimp Curry, Sangria. The owners stop and chat with people during the meal. you may have to wait 40 minutes for a table during dinner, but there's usually no wait at lunch.
2.5 stars for Burma notsoSuperstar.It was just okay. You'd think with the crazy lines out the door all the time and the rave reviews, it'd be some terrific food. But on a beautiful Saturday afternoon-- after one appetizer, two entrees and an iced soy chai-- I felt... unsatisfied. We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, which is one of the dishes they're known for. The flavor was really good (I enjoyed the pungency of the tea leaf paste) and the texture was fun (crunchy nuts, crispy lettuce, and thick, soft dressing), but terribly, terribly oversalted. Oversalting really kills a dish for me.Anyway, my friend ordered the Chicken Curry and I ordered the Beef Curry because the server said their curries are their specialty. Plus, it was one of the few things on the menu that's actually Burmese. I have been to Myanmar and, together with my Mom, ate everything from fried crickets on the street to curried lobster at a fancy restaurant. So I've seen many a Burmese menu/ food cart and much of what was on the Burmese Superstar menu is actually some version of Chinese food and/ or a mixture of Southeast Asian cuisine.  It's not to say that just because they're fusion, their food's not tasty. I like the occasional fusion cuisine. But I'm just sayin', don't mistake Sesame Beef for Burmese food. Because it's not.So yeah, their curries were not extraordinary. The two curries just tasted way too similar to deserve separate titles on the menu (it should be like, Burmese Curry with option of Beef or Chicken).  The soy chai was terribly mediocre.My final opinion on Burma Superstar? It's fine. But I won't be going there anytime soon. If a friend insists on eating there. I'll go. But begrudgingly.
I learned something today. I'm just luke-warm on Burmese food. I ordered the Rainbow salad, per a friend-of-a-friend's recommendation. Eh, it was edible, but I definitely won't get it again. To be fair, I just don't think I like the seasonings used with Burmese food all that much. My friend ordered a noodle curry dish. I had a bite. I wasn't in love with hers either. One thing I did like was the Samusa appetizer. it was deep fried and tasted potatoey. The sauce that came with was good. I was really disappointed that I didn't like it more because I've heard amazing things about Burma SuperStar. darn.
very good food specifically salad
This is the only place I've ever eaten Burmese food, so I can't say if it's authentic, but it tastes great!Bad Things: - the wait. leave your cell # and go get a drink across the street. - the restaurant is small-ish and always packed. Prepare to be sitting close to the other people in your party, and the table next to you.
I dont get this place. I hated everything I tried. Granted, I typically dont like certain asian foods (for instance I hate Vietnamese food), but I just didnt think this place lived up to its reputation at all. Even the "to die for" tea-leaf salad was just okay.
Great food, long wait. Tea salad was awesome!
subtracting a star just b/c of the long wait and limited waiting area space. the place isn't that big and given how popular it is, i'm sure they could relocate to a more spacious location. but all's well that ends well - on to the important stuff..the grub major props to the staff who gave, in my opinion, impeccable service. they were quick to let us know when a table was available and made sure we were well taken care of as soon as our bums hit our seats. our server knew her stuff and was able to recommend some awesome dishes that left me with a full belly and a smile on my face. they were also quick to fill our water glasses, which earns them a gold star. it showed that they were paying attention to us - little details like that make for a good experience.this was the first time i've ever had burmese food and it won't be the last. the tea leaf salad was YUM, as were the samosas, garlic chili shrimp, beef kebat, and coconut rice. it was all good. ALL good. i wish i could have eaten more and had more $$ in my pocket . i couldn't help, but look at neighboring tables and wish i could pick at other people's plates. so..all in all, a good night. DEFINITELY worth checking out. they have another location in alameda, which is great for those who don't wanna cross a bridge to get into the city. it'll probably be a whole lot easier to find parking in alameda too. i was lucky this time and found a spot just steps away from the entrance.
As people cram themselves into the elusive curtained entrance (more like a photo booth really) that comfortably sits 2 and usually hosts 8, a first-timer may wonder, "what the -?"Why are there 40 people's names on the list before me? It's Monday night!Let me just tell you: worth the wait. Not even fashionably nestled, Burma is just stuck slab down in the middle of the eclectic Inner Richmond. It's a tiny place, with modest dcor and eager & friendly waitstaff and food...that will rock your palette.The rainbow salad boasts 22 ingredients and clobbers your face with aromas as your waiter mixes it at the table. Start with a tray of delectable chicken or veggie samusas and next time venture for the smoky lettuce wraps as an app. The curry eggplant has such a spectrum of satisfying spices, and the walnut shrimp adds just a touch of sweet class that dances easily with its partner of coconut rice. Eying the riblettes or the lemongrass salmon? Heaven on a plate.
completely, absolutely, hands down worth the 2 hour wait. we were not super smart and came at 8pm on saturday with a group of 6 (we should have known better...), and were told it would be 2 hours, which it was. we ended up eating at about 10:30, and it was WELL worth it. the basil chicken, pork stew, platha and dip, coconut chicken soup, tea leaf salad, shrimp with walnuts, and coconut shrimp were ALL amazing. flavor explosion in every bite. the lychee mojito was the perfect thing to wash it down with. we were very satiated and so happy by the end.
We must have been lucky. We walked up and were seated right away. The staff was very helpful, although it took awhile to get their attention initially. Our food was good, if not a little pricey. I want to try the other 2 Burmese place in the area for comparison, but the place definitely lives up to its reputation
By far one of the best restaurants in the Inner Richmond.  Only downside is the wait, but it's very easy to just put your name on the list and head across the street to Blue Danube for some libations and snacks before the main course.
I'd go back just for the mango coconut drink! Slurp! I had to restrain myself from ordering another and another (I don't know why I didn't, it's not like they had alcohol in them...) I'm not really that familiar with Thai or Indian food, but the dishes and preparation seemed to be a mix of those two cuisines. The rainbow salad was fresh and it was a nice touch to have it mixed tableside. In fact, the ingredients of all the dishes we had were fresh and seemed to be of good quality. I wasn't excited about the vegetable samusas; I thought they were sort of bland. But maybe that's just the nature of samosa-type dishes. Lovely waitstaff, good service.
Does this place honestly need yet another review? ... Not really. But since it looks like I'm the only one who didn't hear of the hype until after I came to yelp to write my review, I figure it's my duty to give my un-hype-influenced rating of 4 stars. If you want to know why 4 stars, read everybody else's review, and you'll get a pretty good idea.
This place is always packed during peak time. My friend and I would come between 11am and 11:30am so we don't have to wait. I ordered food to go yesterday, I found out they open another restaurant in Alameda. Good info to know for Alameda resident!!My favourite dishes are Samosa soup, Shrimp in pumpkin curry and Burma fried rice. We always get the same things...and its always yummy! I also love their drink..the lychee something...cannot remember the whole name! I will definitely try their tofu dishes since I LOVe TOFU!!
I used to live in the city, Burma is one of many restaurants that I miss. I've tried many of their dishes and have been please with all of them. Appetizers and salads are great, I really like the rainbow salad and can't get enough of it. I particularly like the pumpkin curry and noodle dishes. The wait for dinner is almost always long. Great place for lunch. I highly recommend this restaurant.
If you have any doubts about this place, just drive by and check out the hoards of people waiting outside this unassuming Burmese restaurant and you should be convinced....this place is YUM! If you're not familiar with Burmese food, it's sort of like a cross btwn Chinese and Vietnamese or Thai...chinese for the hot dishes and Vietnamese/Thai for the salads and the use of cilantro and peanuts as garnishes.I went recently with a friend who lives nearby and is a little obsessed with it. I had just driven up from LA for Thanksgiving and was starving and exhausted. When we got to BSS and were told we were looking at a 45 minute wait, I was all about going elsewhere on the restaurant packed Clement Street...but when I asked my friend where else we could go, a woman walking out, having just finished her meal, said to me "It's worth the wait"...and so we waited. The wait wasn't as long as I had feared and when we finally sat down and I had a chance to look around at the other tables full of food and get a wiff of the delicious dishes, I was happy we had stuck around. We started off with the Rainbow Salad, which is made up of 21 different items...no kidding. And they bring it out all divided on the plate like a rainbow block of colors and textures before they toss it for you at the table. It was just as delicious and fun to eat as it looked....you're not sure exactly what each bite is made up of, but it's good and tha'ts all that mattered. Next we had the wok fried calamari salad. Yet again, YUM. The calamari was perfectly tender and very well flavored...very spicey and mixed with a light cucumber, cabbage salad, which was a nice complement. Our main dishes were a basil chicken and garlic eggplant. It was nice that they had 4-5 different kinds of rice to order with your meal...we opted for the brown rice, but I wish we had tried the coconut rice or the special burma superstar rice...next time. Both of our dishes were so good that I hardly think I was breathing when they arrived and we started scarfing them down. Everything was really spicey, which I am not a huge fan of, but it was all so good, I didn't mind. The eggplant was cooked to perfection so that it almost fell apart when you picked it up and nearly melted in your mouth it was so tender. We went next door the Toy Boat Dessert Cafe for ice cream, but there was nice a dessert menu with Coconut Icecream that I'm sure was delish. Next time. There will definitley be a next time.
This place seems to draw some pretty mixed reviews. Sure, it's a long wait and super-hyped, but there's something *magic* about Burma SuperStar! Plenty of vegan vittles for me, and several choices for carnivores. I recommend the pootie, not just 'cuz it's fun to order and the young coconut milk to drink. My most favorite is the tea leaf salad. Also try their 'food network-famous' Samusa soup.Just plan your trip accordingly- shop up early to get on wait list, then go have a browse at Green Apple, or a beer in a nearby pub.
Good lord.This place does not need me to give it its 633rd review, but here goes:Burma Superstar makes me want to become a Bulemic so I can go to the bathroom and throw up after stuffing myself, just so I can stuff myself again.Is that tasteless?I don't care. It's that good.
Liked:- The Authenticity (Yes, I've been to Burma and the grub is just as generally bland there as it is here for my tastes.)- The Samusas (a cross between an Indian samosa and a 'Chinese' egg roll)- The Portions- The Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice (Non-bland standout)Didn't Like:- The Hype- The Hair in Aforementioned Liked Chicken Casserole- The Way the Hair Situation was Handled (Hair was gingerly carried off to kitchen by waitress - presumably there was a forensic lab somewhere in there. We were offered to have our drinks comped -thought it was a shabby-cheap way to resolve the Situation. But another waitress eventually took the Chicken Casserole off the tab after we'd semi-insisted on it.)Would I go back? Probably not.Burmese food is to this decade what Ethiopian was to the 90s. Bring on the 2010s....
I enjoyed this meal from Burma Superstar. There is a wait and it is very crowded. We thought that we were beating the line by arriving just moments before 5pm, which is the time that they open their doors. I mean who goes out to eat at 5 pm unless you're dining out with your folks who are in their 60's? But to our surprise, there was already a line to get it, so the first seating at 5pm was indeed a full house! And the funny part of this was they are replacing their big red awning outside so currently they have no signs up, but they are still packed at 5pm. I initially drove passed the restaurant looking for their red sign and missed it.As to what I ate and drank:ginger lemonadecoconutsamusa (spelled differently than in Indians restaurants)salt n pepper chickensesame beefcurry eggplantcoconut ricecoconut frittermango ice creamSince it's family style we shared all of it with no leftovers to spare. The servings are just right and not too much so you don't over indulge.Service was great. Although the restaurant was hoppin at 5pm, they were great at taking our orders and delivering our food. It would had been nice for our glasses to be refilled without our forceful requests, but other than that, we experienced the exotic flavors explode in our mouths. The chairs aren't so comfortable so you only want to sit in the chairs for so long which works out great for this crowded restaurant that needs to turn the tables over for the next seating that's waiting in the cold outside.If you don't plan on coming at 5pm with your 60 year old parents, than prepare to sit outside and wait for approx an hour and BUNDLE UP, that part of town has a wind tunnel right on clement street and it can be FREEZING.Another fun quirk of this restaurant is that no matter what you think you might order the waiter might try to change your mind. This happened with us and it happened to the table next to us. I thought it was funny as the table next to us didn't appreciate the thoughtfulness of the waiter trying to balance out the flavors that they were ordering and had felt that they had lost control. It was funny to watch.
I went at night passed 10 to this place.. This place was packed.. Even though I had some one in the restaurant already eating reserve for me 30 min before I still had to wait for 15 more mins to get in. I never had burmese cuisine so was amazed at how it was a blend of indian, thai and maybe chinese. Lot of crowded San Francisco people made it a pleasant place to be. The servers were very nice and welcoming..I tried the Samusa Soup and the Nan Pia Dok(coconut chicken curry flat flour noodles). Samusa Soup I really didnt like combination of Samusa and soup.. I ended up just trying the soup alone and pushing away the samusa part of it. Nan Pia Dok was good. It had a fresh make to it.. With the server squeezing the lemon juice on it and steering it on my table. I had the window seat which gave me a good view of people walking through the street and leaving the restaurant, I dont know why Im mentioning this.. One of my friend tried the Lemongrass Salmon and he seemed to be enjoying his meal. The other two were trying some vegetarian dish which I dont think they were enjoying so much and one of them actually disliked his food. Overall I had a good time in there..
tea leaf salad. 'nuff said
I absolutely love this place. My first visit was back in 1998 when the restaurant was more "hole-in-the-wall" esque. I had a Burmese friend that warmed me up to the cuisine so I searched the phone book (as mentioned..1998) and this was one of two Burmese restaurants in SF. I've never looked back, and each time I come I love it just as much as the last time. The food is delicious, light and economical. Service is great too. Thank you Burma SuperStar for making me so happy.
Came here for my bday one year, just to finally check it out. The staff was cool but the food was just ok. Not great and not an hour wait great.
This place is overrated. I think it needs a bigger location, don't know if that is possible, or if the staff could do crowd control. Clement gets cold, but people should know better than to wait in the little rubber curtain area, staring at the people eating until they get seated, it lets the draft in, put your name down and then wait in a pub or cafe nearby. Also the bathroom, i think there is just one or just it is always so crowded that you have to time it, probably not worth it so wash your hands before. The food is really good, but it's alot to handle.
Burma Superstar only gets 4 stars because of the long wait time! I love the food and the service has always been really good despite how busy they always are. And also, the simple beautiful design is a big big plus...
what can i add that has not been said? for one, i am a PICKY eater. i usually only eat bread and cheese (in any combo thereof), and a few other limited vegetarian foods. i am NOT adventurous when it comes to food. not at all. however i am willing to TRY and ORDER new things at burma superstar because everything is that excellent.i could eat the tea leaf salad every day. and burma superstar owns a piece of my soul.
This is my favorite restaurant. Not my favorite restaurant in SF, not my favorite restaurant in this price range, not my favorite Burmese restaurant. THIS IS MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT!The menu is pretty diverse (though we always seem to order the tea leaf salad, tofu tower, pumpkin shrimp, and coconut rice), the service is good, and the prices are very reasonable. My mom and girlfriend love the Burma Cooler, my friends love the white wine sangria, but I am a purist and I go for the beer.The only complaint (and this is obvious if you've ever been there...) is the line. The wait can be a couple hours long! But you can put your name and cell number down, go have a drink at a bar, and they will call you when your table is ready. We used to do this... but now we just moved in across the street! I'm going to be so fat from eating at Burma Superstar every day...
The coconut rice and Burmese curry are my two favorites here.
It is super crowded here for dinner (lunch not so much). My favorite dish here is the mango salad and the samosa soup. Did i Spell that write? It is worth the wait because almost every dish here is amazing! Their rose tea is good too!
I had been itching to try this restaurant for ages after hearing rave reviews from friends and Yelpers alike. My friend and I were surprised that we didn't experience the excruciatingly long ass wait that most people warned us of or complained about, (but that's probably because most of these people didn't have dinner at 9:00pm.) We ordered 3 dishes to share - the tea salad (totally lived up to the hype. 5 stars for that alone), the veggie moo shu wrap and curry noodles (yum! both 4 stars).  All in all a pretty satisfying meal.Why the minus two SuperStars, you ask? #1 They didn't turn on the heat tonight. And I'm not talking about the temperature of the food or the kinda of spices they used. They LITERALLY did. not. turn. on. the. heat. The meal, when it arrived piping hot, was delicious....initially.  But cooled drastically within 5 minutes or so. Midway through our vegetable moo shu wraps & our curry noodle dish had turned cold - like your momma telling you she wished you had never been born cold. Yeah, that's effing ice cold. Looking around, I noticed everyone else was bundled up in the jackets, puffer vests, scarves & such. My dining companion took off her coat when coming in, but promptly put it back on.  I, on the other hand, never took mine off because it was almost as cold inside the restaurant as out. Brrr. In short, it would have been nice to have the meal w/o my teeth chattering all the way through.  #2 Service. I just felt really rushed and unwanted the whole time. Maybe it was because we were at the tail end of their dining hours, BUT the place was nearly full when we arrived and they *did* decide to seat us (I'm thankful for that) after all. I guess I should have known when they told us at the door that we would have to order right away, then they reminded us again when seating us at the table and reminded us yet again that we had 3 minutes and only 3 minutes to order when handing us the menu, and another waiter reminded us again in passing. Whoa! Chill out. We got it. So we ordered right away - we armed with ideas of what we wanted coming in anyways. With the whole bit about the unpaid heating bill and our dishes cooling ice-man fast, I felt rushed into gobbling up my meal w/o getting to really savor it. In retrospect we probably could have asked them to reheat the dishes (is that uncouth?) or taken the rest home. But it was rush rush rush.  We weren't alone; there were still 2 large groups and 2 smaller ones finishing up their meal. And then, our waitress started putting up the chairs on top of the tables (oh no, she didn't. oh yes, she did!) and that, my friends, is when I knew it was time to go.  So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen, Burma SuperStar. I would love to have Burmese food again, but I'll probably have it at the Mandalay.
Food here was good. Price was a bit pricey for what you get. Wait is ridiculous. If you have 2 hours to kill and your stomach can wait, go for it. I had the tea leaf salad and enjoyed every piece of it. The flavors were awesome. Mango beef was also good but 13 bucks?? Come on. Their Mangolian beef is seriously like chinese food that you can get for $6 bucks elsewhere. Atmosphere is quite dim. Don't bother coming around hoping to have a deep, philosophical talk with a buddy. It gets incredibly loud in here.
tea leaf salad!!!
I'm gonna jump on the bandwagon here and let you know that the tea leaf salad is something that you should definitely order. I'm now having cravings for it, it was that good! I DEFINITELY recommend making a reservation, or else you're going to have to sit outside in the cold on Clement street while you wait. The Sangria is also delish, it's something I'd order if you like sangria. All the other items I had were pretty spot on.
I guess the average BS fan prefers quantity over quality and Americanized Burmese food. I will always recommend Mandalay over BS.
Apparently I was the only person I know who had not heard of this place. Several days ago, I was reluctantly taken here (I don't know why I thought food from Burma could not be good; as if their political situation affected cuisine) and I was absolutely floored by the meal. I then proceeded to tell everybody I know who cares about food. Invariably, each one said "Oh, Burma Superstar. That place is famous." So much for my "exotic" discovery.Burma Superstar opens at 5 pm and we arrived at 5:15. The place was already packed so I left my name and number on the list and explored the neighborhood. While waiting, we ran into a friend of a friend who is Burmese. He said this restaurant was not very authentic, but delicious. With that endorsement, my hopes rose. We returned 15 minutes later when they called me on my cell phone. That really was nice of them, I have to say. This friendliness from the servers continued throughout the night and they really are top-notch.On the menu, they have a brief paragraph about geography that cleverly describes the food. Burma (I will never call it Myanmar) sits between Thailand and India and that really is the best way to describe the food. You will taste familiar flavors, but presented in ways you likely have not experienced elsewhere. Asterisks on the menu mark the items which are supposedly Burmese specialties and the other dishes are Chinese inspired. They also have notes indicating which dishes were featured on TV or won other accolades. While a little tacky, it's nice to see pride in the food.One of these award winners is the samusa soup. It was absolutely delicious and is now my favorite soup for a cold and rainy day. I imagine this is something Indian grandmothers would make by tearing up leftover samosas the day after a large family feast. It makes for a warm soup that is heavy in that good stick-to-your-ribs kind of a way. Please try it on your visit. That was followed by a Burmese lamb curry with a side of coconut rice. Both were tasty and well worth a try.Really, the only unfortunate thing about Burma Superstar is its location. It is just a neighborhood I hardly ever go to. While that will keep it from becoming a regular place for me, it is definitely worth a trip.
welcome to the completely unnecessary 1463rd review of burma superstar!i finally came here this past week to grab dinner with a long lost friend. when i arrived at 6:30, there were plenty of tables open. however, my friend was running late so i posted up on the bench outside for 15 minutes under the heater. the hostess came out & took my name down on a post-it so we would be first on the list, how thoughtful. when my girl arrived, we got a table right away.we immediately starting catching up on the past 3 years of our lives & the waitress seemed quite irritated when weren't ready to order within 5 minutes of being seated. we ordered the ginger salad, spicy chicken with basil, & coconut rice. i must say, the ginger salad is a hundred times better at *gasp* Mandalay (see my review here yelp.com/biz/mandalay-sa). the spicy chicken was tender & well seasoned with just enough kick. this was my first time having coconut rice & i am hooked.besides the busboy's attentiveness to our water glasses, service was quite mediocre. i understand the popularity of this restaurant but not one person came to check on us during our meal (we were there for two hours!). plus, it took us at least 10 minutes to get someone's attention to ask for our check. there were a few open tables when we left so being busy didn't seem like an appropriate excuse.all in all, the food was intriguing & the service was subpar. i would like to give the rest of their menu a shot but i will probably settle for take out. if i want to go out for a burmese restaurant experience, i would indeed rather walk to 20 yards to Mandalay.
Was just up here last weekend and my friends suggested this place (they'd been once before). The neighborhood is a little funky, but the restaurant was great. Our waiter totally helped me order according to some dietary restrictions and made some good suggestions for everyone. The tea leaf salad was YUM. The bill was only $125 for 5 people, WITH a bottle of wine, appetizers, etc. VERY reasonable. We did have to wait about 40 mins for our table b/c it was pretty busy (and this was EARLY in the evening!), but we just went down the street to have a drink at the Bitter End -- no big deal, although if you were starving, it might have been more of a drag. Finally, my friend left her wallet in the restaurant and the busboy chased us down the street (a block away!) to return it. I'd definitely come back another time I'm up in the city.
When my girl said that she wanted to take me to eat burmese food, i honestly had no idea what burmese would taste like, but i love and trust my love so much i obliged. and what would a trip to sf be like without trying one of the numerous ethnic restaurants that sf is blessed with. anywhoo, it's a small joint which pack alot of "ummf" to it's food. we got there around 9pm and was lucky enuf to get our order in while we waited on a crisp sf evening. we eventually got seated, actually we were the last order of the night, and our food came right out. the tea salad was great and the basil beef was bit salty but great. try any of the burmese fried rices....HELLA GOOD! All the food we sampled was excellent and the meal was topped off by a pitcher of white sangria. wait, i thought this was an asiam joint? but the sangria was a perfect topper to a great night to burma superstar. one piece of advice is to go early or late, this small place gets packed. relatively cheap food with consistently good food, who can beat it. enjoy....cheers!
***When Jimmy Buffet sings "Salt! Salt! Where's the damn salt!?" I finally have an answer... all over the food at Burma SuperStar***__________________________________________________After two friends *HIGHLY* recommended Burma SuperStar as an amazing restaurant, my wife and I resolved to try it out ASAP. While the people working there were really, really warm, welcoming and helpful-- especially our waiter Kenneth-- the food was more than a bit lacking.We ordered the Burmese Samusas, Burmese Style Shrimp Curry, a lamb dish (which I'm not seeing on their online menu) and coconut rice.The Samusas were good, but they were pretty standard. The coconut rice was the standout--we both really liked it, and it saved us by giving us something to eat after we tried our main dishes. The Burmese Style Shrimp Curry was so over-salted it was difficult to eat. It was also really oily. We could tell that there was good flavor under all of the salt, but it wasn't really worth pursuing. The lamb dish was equally oversalted. Very disappointing.While we really liked the people working at Burma SuperStar, the food had potential but was poorly prepared. Kenneth asked us twice how our meal was, but we just didn't have the heart to tell him how we felt. Unless we just happened to get two bad meals concurrently (what I'd assume to be a low probability event), I'd avoid this one. The wait was long, and the food was definitely ***not*** worth our time given all of the other outstanding options in SF.
This place is a perfect example when a system like yelp fails you. This is the epitome of overrated. Food is tasty, I agree but the prices here and proportions are dissapointing. Its a great place to get Burmese food but the poor people waiting outside for hours are just geting robbed. Trust me, if its not a short wait, dont bother. Call ahead, although no reservations definitely a way to get on a wait list before hand.
my wife and i read some amazing reviews about burma superstar and decided to check it out when we were out there during a 1 week vacation. unfortunately we did not think to make any reservations, and had to wait a good 45min before being seated. although the january weather was chilly, the wait was not that bad at all! there was a tea dispenser outside for waiting guests to drink from to keep warm, and a huge overhead heater where folks were sitting which made waiting much more enjoyable! once in, the smell of the food was amazing. we ordered a variety of dishes, all of which were excellent. the curries were sublime, the coconut rice was full of flavor. i would highly recommend going there if you never had burmese food. if you like chinese food and indian food, then you will simply love this restaurant.
The food was okay. We ordered five different dishes and they all tasted the same; similar sauces and some of them a little salty. I know it's not burmese but I would recommend Singaporean at Straits instead. Their food is a little bit closer to Chinese and Vietnamese, but at least they have dishes of varying and balancing flavors.Oh and yes, as everyone has mentioned, the wait is not really worth it. We had a two hour wait when we got there at 6:30 pm, on a Wednesday night (for a party of 4)....next time? No thanks.
A few friends gave me the Superstar treatment for my birthday. I took Jessica T.'s advice and called ahead to get on the list, 'cause otherwise we'd have waited an hour. Like everyone else, I've heard a lot about Burma Superstar from a lot of different people. Unfortunately, I'm gonna refer to it as B.S. until next time, and here's why.My walnut shrimp and coconut rice were delicious, but kind of lacking in the quantity department. I had their special lemon beer and liked that. My companions ordered a garlic noodle and spicy chicken number. The chicken, which I sampled, was superb. I might come back for that--except, once again, really skimpy with the portions. I'd think that for the price, Superstar would pile on the grub. In addition, a fluorescent light flickered overhead--not much for atmosphere. And the space was so tight that I felt in the way of everyone while sitting at my table.So for now, I'm underwhelmed. But I'll give it another chance.... On the plus side, we followed up B.S. with the miraculous 540 Club--always a Pat G. favorite.
TOO MUCH HYPE. This is definitely a fusion restaurant. The food is above average (for food in general), but for Burmese food, below par.The three stars are for the wait. The food is probably 3.5 stars... not spectacular.I am Burmese, 1st gen baby. (That means I was born there fools). The food is OK. I don't expect it to be as good as food from Mayanmar, but if I'm going to pay for something I can have someone cook for me at home, I want it to be at least as good. We had coconut noodle soup... it was ok, Superstar noodles or something like that... tasted amateur to me, and chicken curry... not bad. It did bug me however I couldn't even find something on the menu with nga-peah (fishcake)! The menu just seemed so limited to me.UPDATE: Little Yangon in Daily City, BEST AUTHENTIC BURMESE FOOD IN THE BAY HANDS DOWN.
Great tasting Burmese food (cross between Indian and Thai) and enjoyed every dish I tried. Super friendly staff and great atmosphere. Even when the weather is bad outside, the restaurant was quite full.
Like zombies crave fresh brains, I crave my Rainbow Salad. I just love everything about it-- the 22 ingredients, the special table-side preparation, that way they describe each individual ingredient to you before they're all tossed together forming the most holy union of flavor. rainbow. salad. must eat. rainbow salad. The other stuff is ok too. Some things sound better than they really are (---I'm talking to you pumpkin pork stew!!) but generally, the food and flavors work to your benefit. If in doubt or overwhelmed, order dishes with the "*" on the menu; it indicates a Burmese dish.Waiting to get in is rough, but the trick is to put your name and cell phone on the sign up list by the door, then cross the street to the cafe (it's called Blue...something) for a beer and small talk with your dinner companions. Getting a beer beforehand is much more enjoyable than waiting in line outside the restaurant. Give yourself 30 minutes. Once you get the call, pound your beer (classy sez the wife) and run over there for your table.
Bf likes the place the most and always goes back every 6 months. We got our name on waiting list and waited for almost 1 hour. It seemed to be better to wait outside and checked the sign-up list often. Strange some people behind us with same number of parties got priority for unknown reason as you could see their name was cross-out first?But the food was different and special! We ordered the veg samusas soup, salad, curry shrimp, coconut rice. Unfortunately they didn't have platha that evening and it was said to be fantastic.The food was actually delicious especially the coconut rice. We didn't order dessert b/c bf thought it was terrible (:-The service was exceptionally great vs. other Asian restaurants. We actually sat next to some tourists and they seemed to be amazed by the food and the ambience a lot. Bf thought it was his most favorite place and it deserved a 5-star rating. We will definitely go back.
Went there last night with my counterpart and some friends. The longest wait in the history of restaurants, but well worth it. Although we had been there before, we thought strategically this time. We got to the restaurant a little early and put in our name/cell number, then headed over to the 540 club for a lot of drinks. Two hours later, "RING, RING", our table is ready. We staggered over to the restaurant and ordered more food than we could ever eat. And low and behold, I remembered what I ate! Here's my top 6:(1) Vegetable Samusa soup(2) Rainbow salad(3) Chicken casserole(4) Walnut Shrimp(5) Burmese-style curry w/lamb(6) Tea leaf saladI prefer going with a group so you can sample it all. You won't break the bank either. Just be prepared to make a night out of it.
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?THE WAIT:Based on the hundreds of reviews griping about the long wait time, we decided to call in ahead of time to put our names down, and they told us the wait would be 35 mins. However, when we arrived promptly 45 minutes later, there was still a good number of people in front of us and we waited an additional 40 minutes! I guess this was sort of expected though...They were out of cups for free tea as well. THE FOOD:Tea Leaf Salad: A bit overrated I think. Don't get me wrong though; It has a lot of good flavors meshed together, and it's certainly more special than any regular salad. However, I didn't think it was something to die for. You should still try it if you've never had it. Chicken samusas: This item lived up to the hype. Deep friend goodness. Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup: Not your traditional chicken noodle soup. This was rather rich and creamy. Also, it comes in a pretty good portion sized bowl. Beef Kebat: Meh. Beef was tender, but a bit under seasoned. OVERALL:Definately a place to try out. Looking back, the tea leaf salad had the strongest flavors and may have dulled everything else I ate.
i ordered a potato curry and it didn't come to me for about half an hour. and that was after a half an hour wait.and it didn't taste that good.(it probably doesn't help that i don't eat meat.)
My review is for the food. People need to stop whining about the wait. If you live in or around San Francisco, you should be used to small restaurants with long waits. The best time to go is for lunch, or right at five o'clock when they open the doors.That having been said, the food is amazing. 'Nuff said.
I really liked the food a lot here. I especially loved their Tea Leaf Salad. However, 2 stars needed to be knocked out because of that ridiculous line and the cramped space.That line is pretty nasty --- and you can't rsvp which kinda drives me nuts. My friend and I waited for nearly 2 hours! Once inside however, the waitstaff was really helpful. They can't give you too much attention b/c there's way too many people that need to be served inside.
Heeheheheeheeee - at Xmas brunch, today, Mom promised to make her On Noh Kaswer for her New Year's Day party. Mom's always lamenting how we don't have the proper appreciation for Moh Hinga, which is a coconut curry soup made with catfish, and we never give her the chance to make it. She learned to make both of these traditional Burmese dishes, during her teen years in the country, where her parents had smuggled her and her, umm......SEVEN siblings, to escape the Chinese Communist turmoil of the late 1940s-50s. Moh Hinga is allegedly the more illustrious Burmese national dish. To me, it's kinda pungent, a little bitter, though the coconut milk helps mellow that with a bit of sweet. And national dish or not, stewed catfish is hella greasy. I much prefer On Noh Kaswer, the chicken-coconut-curry-version: tangy, sweet and so damned tasty. Most of the Burma Superstar dishes that I had, were just OK, not particularly well cooked or seasoned. But just for making a decent version of Oh Noh Kaswer, they've got a super 3.5 stars from me.
40 minutes wait even on a Thursday night at 6pm.This tells me how many fans they've got.This is a small and crowded restaurant.If you don't like people bumping in to you all the time it's not the place for you.Their salads are fun with lots of fresh ingredients and spices. They mix it at the table for you too.Samosa with spicy sauce was very nice and filling for appetizer. Lots of curry flavored dishes, but non Burmese entres were good also. Get a fresh coconut drink! Drink out from a real coconut and pretend like you're on vacation in Asia.I loved the refreshing ginger lemonade too.Fast friendly service. Good food. Down to earth.
This is the best Burmese restaurant I've ever eaten at, but then again, it is also the only one. If all Burmese food is just like this, then I'm in love with it.I eat here as much as possible, because it is so great. There is always a wait , so call ahead to be put on a wait list (no reservations). Plan on 15-30 min longer than they tell you, but make sure you are in the area, because they will take you off the list if you are not available to be seated immediately. This is the only bad part.The food is great every time, and I've had many dishes there. Some of my favorites are the Samosa Soup, it is a must have every visit! The Rainbow Salad is also great, along with the pumpkin shrimp, coconut rice, salad cups and Burmese style curry. Everything there is actually wonderful.After writing this I just realized what I'm having for dinner. Burma Superstar!
Pumpkin Shrimp!Fermented Tea Leaf salad!!Ginger lemon beer!!!i'll say no more
The karmic deity dudes were kicking my ass, when I decided to try to turn things around with a dose of Burma SuperStar. A quick food cure for the holiday blues. Along with a bad case of heartache I opted to acquire some heartburn and a 12 hour toss-n-turn , toe wiggling, book reading sleepless night thanks to the Tea Leaf Salad. Name should've provided a clue along with "prepared with imported Burmese tea leaves." But I drove ahead ignoring the "Danger Steep Cliff" sign. Ma bad! Kawabunga!Don''t get me wrong, the salad was delicious. It's brought to the table and an assortment of chopped lettuce, garlic, tomatoes, sesame seeds, peanuts and yellow peas is mixed together with some lemon and yes BURMESE TEA LEAVES. That said, the flavors of the salad are complimentary and fantastic. Samusas are one of their signature app's. A passing mango salad looked good too. I was put off by reading that Vegetarian Samusa Soup (Huh?) was "featured on Bay Area Backroads." Let the soup speak for itself. Burmese style curry is wonderful on a bed of coconut rice. The vegetable potato curry is Yum!Top it off with a personal favorite- Chimay Bleu. Nice touch. I could've done without the affects of the "caffeinated salad" Ya, but like most hard life lessons: lesson learned.Tip: Make sure to call 15-20 minutes ahead to secure a dinner rezy regardless of party size, otherwise prepare to wait. Get's a Tres.
I'm ashamed at how long it has taken me to eat here -- this place is so frigg'n amazing I am tempted to bus here every day for lunch.Happening to be in the neighborhood (sans boyfriend, thank goodness), I slipped in immediately and ordered their Burmese version of a sangria; wine with fresh fruit that is so far from the European version to be thrilling. Being a Burmese neophyte, I ordered a lunch special salad, Gin-Dok. Let's see... what do I remember that was in it? Shredded lettuce, sesame seeds, split yellow peas, fried garlic,, peanuts, dried shrimp, jalapeno peppers, and some crunchy noodles. Fearing the salad would not be substantive enough, I also ordered two vegetarian eggroll filled with bean thread noodles, shredded cabbage, celery, and carrots and served with a spicy, glaze sauce. Overall, I have never been a fan of spicy food and I think this is a great place for me to slowly increase my heat-tolerance level. When the waitress brought out the salad and announced that it included jalapeno peppers, in the past I would have immediately tried to pick them out. This time, I went with it, drank additional water, inhaled the amazing curry aromas around me, and enjoyed it all immensely. As the BF is very fond of shooting pool nearby, I see it as my mission to eat through the entire menu and I am thrilled to have a new restaurant that I am so excited about.
When it comes to waiting at restaurants, there are two types of people: those for whom any sort of extended wait will sour the entire experience, and those who bear their fate with the grim fortitude of a Viking, hardy in enduring what steers them towards their ultimate delicious victory. The former group may want to avoid Burma Superstar, except perhaps on a weekday at noon. Fortunately, I belong to the latter group.Of the wares I have sampled, my absolute favorites include the samusas (I could eat them at 6 in the morning, sheer tastiness), the pratha, and the rainbow salad. Also very good have been the chef's ribs, the spicy chicken flat noodles, and the chicken casserole. I love lychees and sangria, so the fact that they have sangria WITH lychees is fantastic - although I must admit, I prefer the lychee julep (however, I've only sampled the white lychee sangria). I've also heard that the samusa soup and tea leaf salad are amazing.In terms of the wait, at the last visit to Burma, my boyfriend pointed out that the man in the couple in front of us during our hour long wait was one of the co-founders of Google. My point, faulty as it may be, is if someone whose butler could afford to have BS relocated to his yacht can wait for an hour, well, buck up. Plus, the adorable Blue Danube is across the street, so leave your cell phone number for Burma and kick back a coffee or a glass of wine there while you wait.Here's the thing: are you at Burma catching up with old friends? Are you on a first date with the person you suspect might be "the one," idly sipping your iced tea and coyly contemplating dessert? That's fantastic. But take your old memories or your googly eyes and get your ass to The Blue Danube and idle away your time there. Because Burma is for eating. Not for chatting. While I may endure my fate like a crazy Viking, you do not want to invoke my ire when I'm hungry.
this place is overrated.  the food was over priced, small portions, and super salty. I had to order extra water just to finish my meal. the tea leaf salad was way over priced at $9 for a small plate of romaine lettuce, peanuts, pine nuts, sesame seeds, lemon juice and their so called Burma tea... not worth $9. i think they're using the fact that it was featured on Food Network as an excuse to tack on a few extra $$ for the entire menu.
This place was great. Can't wait to return!
The food is to die for. Of course, my favorites are the tea leaf salad, coconut rice, and the samosa soup. The service is great. Yes, the wait can be long at times, but they're nice enough to serve tea to those waiting outside in the cold weather. Definitely worth the wait, one of The best restaurants in the city.
The long waits are worth it because the food at Burma Superstar is phenomenal. I especially loved the tea leaf salad and the rainbow salad. The chicken casserole (a.k.a. biryani) was scrumptious too.As advice to new visitors, if and when I can brave the long wait times again, personally I will forgo the "Burmese Cooler" which is essentially beer with citrus, and ginger I could not taste. I could replicate the same drink experience for much less money if I stick a lemon in some hefeweizen or an orange in some Blue Moon.Another word to the wise: there are (unlisted but) increased prices for salads that are big enough to feed large groups. The servers may or may not alert you to the fact that they are charging you extra for more food. In our case, the server did not alert us to that extra charge but gladly removed it when we protested. Other than that problem, the service was stellar, especially since the place was a zoo and likely quite stressful to navigate as an employee.
AMAZING! I had breakfast (actually lunch at 12:30pm) today at Burma SuperStar. I had the bbq pork garlic noodles with a side of coconut rice and I am still full and it's now 9pm. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu. I highly recommend eating here as often as you can b/c I don't think you will be disappointed!
My go-to take-out place. Burma Superstar deserves all the praise and hype it gets. The food is delicious. Tea leaf salad and Chili lamb are my favorites, but there are so many good dishes. The only item I've ever ordered here that I didn't like is the Superstar vegetarian noodles; it's pretty blah. The wait is long though, so if you can come for lunch or get take-out.
The wait can be agonizingly long, but it's worth it! They have great vegetarian options, and it's all about the Rainbow Salad!
It was Sunday morning at 11am and there was no line and plenty of tables available. I wanted to go have lunch there because everytime I walk by, there are a ton of people waiting to get in. Ate the Nan Gyi Bak. I think that's what they called it. It was mild curry, chicken, hard boiled egg, onions, and noodles spritzed with lemon juice. Also ordered a coconut rice and my girlfriend had the vegetarian eggrolls. The eggrolls were good and it comes with a sweet chilli sauce. Three rolls that are cut in half. The presentation of the Nan Gyi Bak was nice. The waiter brought it over and showed us the dish. He then helped us squeeze the lemon juice on and mix everything together. The Nan Gyi Bak and coconut rice tasted a little bland for some reason. The Nan Gyi Bak and coconut rice tasted good when I combined them together. I think I'll try the stronger curry noodles next time. Disappointed that my gf didn't eat the curry with me, she just ate the eggrolls. Three dishes and just ice water came to $22.78. Parking is really hard to find. You can also add your name on the waiting list through the phone.
This place is great to go out with some friends or a date. Some dishes are better than others, but you can't go wrong if you try to diversify the dishes a bit. For instance, get a salad and a curry and a noodle dish. The Egg Okra Curry is pretty bomb. Pitchers of Chimay is an excellent Western flourish and the service is fast and friendly... once you have been seated that is. It's not the best restaurant in the city, and unfortunately I don't know how authentic it is, but it has great flavors and is easy to like... just don't feed into the hype... form your own opinion! My mother, for instance, was in Rangoon in the 70s and she was baffled by the food here, but then again it was the 70s and she's usually baffled so... lol
I only give this 3 stars, because Mingalaba in Burlingame is better. This place is always crowded, but it's pretty good. I still would rather drive down to Burlingame and not have to deal w/the miserable parking situation in this area.
I just love Burmese food. One of my best friend is Burmese. I let her do the ordering and nothing has been disappointed. The only bad part is the wait.  If you come during rush hour, the wait can be up to two hours. Like one of the reviewer comment, leave your cell phone # and they will call you. That is cool.
Of all the places my wife & I ate on our West Coast trip last year, this was among the best. Burmese food? Why not! Delicious, and we will be going back this fall!
The 4-star rating this place has simply confirms that 95% of yelpers have terrible taste. This place is totally overrated. Or maybe Burmese food is just lame.I went for lunch, and stuck to the starred items on the menu, which denotes a Burmese dish. Overall the meal was awful whether it's because Burmese food sucks Burma Superstar doesn't serve good Burmese food. But that doesn't change the outcome.The first dish was samusas which was very bland. It tasted like cooked potatoes sprinkled with little bit of generic curry powder, neatly wrapped in dough and fried.Next came garlic noodles with BBQ duck. The flavors were subtle, meaning not there. There was nothing to suggest the duck was BBQ'ed - the meat was grey and flavorless. And there was hardly any of it, not that sheer quantity could save the dish.The third dish was chicken curry wheat noodles. Also a disappointment. The curry was offended my tastebuds. Spicy, but neither sweet, sour or aromatic. And very salty.Won't be coming back, or going to Burma (Myanmar). Ever.
You know I hadn't reviewed this after the first 20 times I went because everyone already had and it was already so popular but I have to share my love of Burma Superstar with the world. The first time Burma and I went out we were with my brother and his roommates, I was told the tale of coconut rice and tea leaf salads and had to come see what all the talk was about....wow. I fell in love instantly. After some casual take out orders with Burma I brought my friend Reid to meet the love of my life; he too was enamored. We had Coconut Rice, Burmese Style Curry (Beef), Sesame Chicken, and Chicken Samusas and loved every bite of it. It was all served promptly and was delicious! The sauce that goes with the Samusas was the perfect blend of spicy/sweet. After this I went to Burma with several more friends trying a number of dishes (Spicy and Crispy Chicken, Curry Shrimp, numerous noodle dishes, Veggie Samusas) and have yet to try anything less than satisfactory! I went last night and had the Rainbow Salad for the first time and that was a little slice of heaven! The Sangria is usually a nice compliment to anything I'm eating as well!On top of the amazing food the staff is always very nice, very prompt, and ready to deal with a huge number of orders in a tiny tenant space. Burma has yet to fail me in anyway and I highly recommend the place. The only thing is the wait, I feel like it is more than worth the hour I sometimes wait but if you put your name and number in you can stroll down the street to the Stars and Plough and grab a drink and wait for them to call you....the bartender at S&P is a delight also! If you are above waiting for an hour for amazing food though you shouldn't come here...you'll just be an angry person in front of me and I'm ready to eat!
This place is pretty overrated. The food is good, but I've been rushed out the door every time I've been here. The last time we were there for lunch, the amount of time between when we ordered our food and when we got it was about twice the amount of time between when the food arrived and they came by asking us if we wanted dessert. Hold on to your plate with both hands cause they'll clear it in an instant if you give them an opportunity - whether you're done or not.I'd probably be more enthusiastic about this place if there wasn't a much better Burmese place right down the street. People should try Mandalay for a much more pleasant dining experience.
So I was visiting San Fran and I wanted to try something new and excited, I decided to try this place since a friend suggested it and after reading all the positive yelp suggestions I knew I had to try it. This place was amazing! We called in and hour before arriving to put our name on the list, this gave us enough time to find a parking spot. By the time we arrived we only had to wait like 20 minutes, which I didn't mind since it was explained to us that this place has a long wait. As soon as you enter the restaurant, the smell that surrounds you is so delicious. You know if you see a lot of indian/asian people in a like restaurant, then this place must be good. I ordered the garlic noodles with duck...amazing! Other orders at our table were egg and okra curry with pratha's. Pepper chicken, chicken and tofu, and the tea leaf salad. Every dish was so flavorful and tasty. Each serving could probably be shared as it is family style, and you have to pay seperate for the rice. And of course the Thai Tea was great. The only negatives in this place is the close quarters...but that is expected in san fran, and there is only one bathroom in the joint, but that is also expected in san fran. I definitly suggest making time for this place!!!!!
I love you. I love you. I love you. Tea Leaf Salad, Samosa Soup, Spicy Crispy Chicken how I love you. I think my husband would leave me for a woman who could make that coconut rice.  We are hooked like junkies on a Saturday morning in the TL. They were going to get four stars for the wait, oddly placed restrooms, and the fact that it always seems understaffed. BUT we accidentally left our credit card there and they called us! Actually they called us four times. It was very nice. What great people. Good food and honest people. My wonderful Yelp friends, this is as good as it gets.
I suffer from FMS. The Fear of Missing Something. So here I am, for one reason and one reason only, in front of BURMA SUPERSTAR. Verdict: Nothing out of the ordinary. Definitely not worth the wait or the mediocre service. They also seem to have the unspoken rule to turn you out in under 32 minutes.Sunday lunch. Name on list. 28 minutes later- "Kat, puhree of tooo!" Oooh, thats us!"Whats good?" "Eveyzing. Eveyzing is goot." Thanks! Helpful.We ordered the Marinated Calamari, the Superstar Shrimp (yum), and the Kebat Beef. The Kebat Beef is one of the remaining truly authentic Burmese dishes left on the menu. (Such dishes are denoted by *) All other items have been "beefed" up and glossed up to suit the Panda Express palettes of the whitey visitors. (Note, I'm not bashing Panda's orange beef by any means, but is such glittery radiance natural to cows??) The beef was very strange in consistency: very tender yet almost hollow inside...it was served with onions and tomatoes...and was OK. The bill was $50. Tolerable but I don't see what all the fuss is about. Go here for the sake of CHECK MARK on your FMS list, and not for the food.
AMAZING. the staff was super friendly. they tried to help us out although the place was super packed and hectic. the service really made a difference! its understandable because they are such a small restaurant. the superstar shrimp was to die for and the tea leaf salad proved its ranking on food network. the only reason its not a five star place is that it needs to give a bit larger portions...other than that completely satisfied on every level. thanks super star! i will be back!
Too bad you can't give 0 stars. Or maybe I just don' t know how. 1. Called them at 7:30pm table for 4, hostess told us 1 hr for table. ok thanks no problem.2. Showed up at 8pm, hostess told us 45 min wait for table..ok 15 min over original prediction but ok it looks like a popular place3. 8:30pm. numerous people show up after us without a reservation it would seem and get seated. Asked the hostess and she tells us that our table has their cheque and should be clearing out shortly.4. 9pm we're the only ones waiting outside while everyone else waiting outside we're all seated and enjoying food or drinks. multiple couples so easily able to accomodate us 4. hostess says table which apparently got their cheques now all of a sudden got dessert.5. 9:15pm. hostess tells us 3 tables have their cheques now and should be anytime but can't be sure.6. 9:16pm. We leave. We go to Viva Goa indian restaurant and have some of the best goan food I've ever had. We got seated immediately, Ordered two bottles of wine and the owner offered us one of the bottles on the house. Awesome fish, and ordered sorpotel off the "special" menu. I tipped him generously obviously.Burma superstar to me is like an overpriced stock. They might have once been good...buy low...but now their just too high. Sell sell sell!!! I can't comment on the food. but the place looked cramped. Each couple was literally seated a few inches from the other. The food smelled good but that's as close as we got. To me burma superstar seems like it could be a really great place with decent food. Get rid of the hostess or pay her much less for what you're getting from her. In the end this review probably won't hurt the business that much since the place seems packed constantly even on a sunday night. My intention here is to inform the management that they should really do something about the hostess. Either get rid of her or your paying her way too much. Then rent out the places next to you as soon as their lease expires and add more space because clearly you have the demand for it. Think bigger than just your small cramped little restaurant with long lineups and terrible customer service.
I cannot believe that I have not given this a review yet. You guys this is the best Burmese cuisine by far in the Bay Area. I love this place, despite the line. My guy and I go here on a regular basis since it is so close to my neighborhood. Gonna miss it when I move, but just have to make the drive out there then, it is so so worth it. Regarding the long wait. If you get there before 5:15 you usually can beat the dinner crowd. If you get there during prime action packed time, do what we do: put our name in, then grab a drink down the street at the Bitter End. They will call you when your table is ready so you don't have to wait forever in line. SEE! It's all fabulous!Worth checking out for their specialties: Tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, and any of their super tasty mouthwatering curries! They are good peeps that run the restaurant too!
Although I lived in the Richmond district for two years, it was only after I moved to Nob Hill that a friend clued me into to yet another awesome neighborhood gem, Burma Superstar. The restaurant is small, only about 10-15 tables, and a bit cramped, nearly to the point where you feel you're sitting with the people on either side of you. Additionally, it has a line out the door any time past 6:30PM Wednesday though Sunday nights. However, there is a very good reason for this line....the food! I had never eaten burmese before, the combination is part thai, part indian (duh, given the geographic location of Burma). Some of my favorite entrees are the walnut shrimp, salt n' peper shrimp, any of their soups...and a must is the coconut rice!! Just to die for. The meat in their more indian oriented dishes is so tender it just breaks off with a fork. Another perk of Burma Superstar is that once you put your name on the list to be seated, you include your cell phone number and the restaurant calls you when your table is ready....meaning you can grab a coffee or a cocktail while you wait, as there is no waiting area in the restaurant. They also do to go orders, however, I recommend dining in, as the food is best served hot and they put the walnut shrimp sauce on the side....mildly disappointing to discover after the fact. Parking can be difficult in the area in spite of the fact that it is the avenues. One of the best times to go for your first time would be a Sunday afternoon around 3:00PM. Restaurant is relatively empty and you'll get the best of what Burma Superstar has to offer.
I've been here a few different times now. The first time I thought it was above-average at best. Came back a couple more times and walked away with about the same feeling: slightly above-averageBut I think it's important to take other things into consideration when rating a place. The food is probably the most important part and by most measures the food is good, not great. Rainbow salad, samosa soup, lamb, all good choices. But the rating quickly falls mixing in the usual 20-40mins wait times (even on weekdays), the crowded and loud space, average service and somewhat overpriced menu ($9 for a salad?). As a summary, this place suffers from the herd mentality. It's small, in a good location, with decent food so there's always a crowd waiting outside. The visible crowd draws even more curious patrons. The long waits in some ways make the food more precious for people.
I wanted to like this place as the wait staff was friendly and attentive. The lines and filled to capacity restaurant seemed to have all the signs of a great place as well.Having dined at Burmese places in the east coast, I was excited to try some good places on the west coast.Then the food came. We ordered the samosas and it was good and plentiful. We also got the lamb and chicken curry. The flavor was a little off than what I was used to and the accompanying rice was undercooked. We also got the chicken/shrimp briyani of sorts (forgot the actual menu name). That had rice and chicken and shrimp blended in. The rice was undercooked and the flavors were also off.I really wanted to like this place but left somewhat disappointed.
you will have to wait a while, even on an obscure weekday at 6 PM. so I'd recommend hitting the coffee shop across the street while you wait for your table. the food here is incredible, for vegetarians and carnivores alike. all of their dishes are bursting with flavor, many ingredients mixing harmoniously on one plate. their veggies are fresh, and they're not kidding about the spice.I'd recommend the pumpkin shrimp, the vegetarian simosa soup, and any of the veggie side-dishes. Everything is presented with pride, and the servers love recommending dishes and reminding you which dishes were "seen on the Food Network".
Best place I have ever been. I want to bottle them. Would fly to SF just to eat their salads.
Love this place, love that they call your cell phone and let you leave and have a beer across the street. The jewel of the Richmond.Very friendly, great tea leaf salad. Excellent curries, just a little different than thai and indian which is a nice change of pace.--------------Went back the other night to get my visiting cousin the tea leaf salad and brought up that there is another Burmese restaurant, Pagan, opening down the street. That's just F*&#ing lame and i will NEVER go to Pagan. The gal at Burma said they come in and try to reverse engineer their dishes.Burma Superstar is one of a few establishments that put the Inner Richmond on the map, which as a resident, I appreciate. Yeah, the new DeYoung and Science Acadamy help a bit too, but Burma rules.
Tea Salad and Rainbow salad are yummy, though the portions are pretty small. Order only the Burmese dishes, the other ethnic dishes are only so so. The standouts are the Burmese Entrees.Line/wait is a super bitch. So, either get reservations or take out.
Probably my favorite restaurant in the city. Period.People complain about the wait but to me that just makes it more special. Just put your name in early and go poop around Clement St for a couple hours.
OK, I have FINALLY eaten here... I arrived at Burma Superstar a little before noon on a Friday. A day originally planned for errands and teeth cleaning, I also decided to randomly invite a friend to play hooky with me. She suggested Burma Superstar, supposing that we'd skip the infamous wait on a Friday not too long after the restaurant opened. As the bus wobbled its way from downtown to Inner Richmond, I was working up my appetite as she described the famous dishes of the restaurant. No wait, YAY. We sat down right away and ordered. Hmmmm. The most beloved dish by most Yelpers and others, Rainbow Salad, to me was really just, OK. Some deep fried potato thingy, very Indian in flavors, was also, OK. Then the soup noodle with starchy broth, was once again, just so-so. I expected a culinary explosion of Thai, Chinese, and Indian, all melting together harmoniously to be something really amazing, but really they were just mediocre representation of the said regional styles. I have definitely had MUCH better Thai, Chinese, and Indian food. Regarding the starchy noodle soup: Very similar to this Taiwanese style snack, with thin rice noodles in broth made with fried shallot. But in my mind, the Taiwanese one was way more flavorful. Burma Superstar hit me on all familiar taste buds but left me yearning for the better version of it. I was glad that we didn't have to go through the silly 1+hour wait. It was worth the bus ride, but no more than that.
If I hear another person sing, "Burma Superstar, that is what you are ..." Yes let's all sing a song from a one-hit wonder named Mya who completely ripped this song from the great 70s group ABBA.Anyhow, I had been hearing about Burma Superstar for years from friends, but never really had the opportunity to go until last weekend for a friend's birthday. Let me just warm you now, the wait is LONG. We had a group of 7 and even with call-ahead seating and putting our name on the list, we had to wait an hour. We stopped at a nearby bar and the hour went quickly.The place is not that big, it holds about 50-60 people. Even when we left around 9pm, there were still about 30 people waiting outside. I guess it's that good.We had the waiter recommend a little of everything for us. The salads were fantastic, the curry dishes were only ok. But we ordered the perfect amount and every lick of food was eaten. I was really disappointed in the white sangria; the one at Espetus is much much better. The total cost was about $180 for 7 people. Not to shabby. The place is good enough that I'd give it 4 stars despite the crowded place, the long wait, and the crappy sangria. It helped that despite how crowded it was, the waiter was very helpful and friendly and explained to us that the restaurant has been around for 15 years, but underwent new management about 5-6 years ago, which is about when its popularity exploded.
Review 2086.. Thank You Mida, and Samson for reminding me to come by for dinner. Food here is not like anywhere else in the city. I been telling people to go here for the last 5 years. I have not been here for 3 until last night. Geez, Why did I wait so long? Had the Garlic Chili Shrimp with the coconut rice, and Damn it was good!
I live very near this place and I always see a line out the door so I decided to try it Friday night. I called from my apartment to put my name on the list (party of 5) and a nice person told me they'd call when my table was ready. That was around 8pm. She said it would be around an hour wait so we walked down there at 9pm. We didn't sit down until 9:30pm but they were very nice and they kept us up to date on our table status. It's a small restaurant and it's very crowded, even at 9:30. The wait staff is very nice and the food came in a reasonable amount of time. Positives:Good food, nothing amazing, but it is good. Nice staff and decent ambiance.Sangria was tasty.Call you when your table is ready.Negatives:Very long wait, little to no room to wait in the restaurant so wear your coat. Average of $18 per person, tip included.Very low chairs/high tables, which is awkward for some people.Zero parking on Friday/Saturday nights.Overall, I am glad I tried this place but I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.
You must go!I've never had burmese food but I friend told me I had to check out burma superstar and it was AMAZING!!! the tea leaf salad was unlike anything i've ever had... so flavorful and fresh! we also had the somosa soup which i haven't been able to find anywhere else... it was awesome! it was like having an indian somosa (one of my favorites) as a soup... i know that doesn't sound that great but it was awesome! there's a long wait but dont let that turn you off... definitely work the wait!!!
if you've ever walked down clement street on a miserably rainy and cold night, you've still seen a crowd of people dutifully waiting outside this restaurant.this place is way hyped, and unlike many way hyped places, for good reason. the food is delicious, and every dish is unique - not one of those brown-sauce, white-sauce, name-your-asian-country restaurants.they are relatively aware of their way-hyped-ness, and are willing to help out a little. you can leave your cellphone number and go to any of the neighboring bars. but you HAVE to pick up or it is over. around closing time, when you've undoubtedly been outside for hours, they come out and take your order to help the process for those diehards.get the rainbow salad. i know, that means you have to get two salads because everyone gets the tealeaf salad. but it's worth it! everything else is good too. and their little gingery mix of lemon and beer is a tasty complement for the varied and unique flavors you've earned with all that waiting.
I loved my experience at their Alameda location, so tonight we decided to do take out. The rainbow salad was perfect. did that hit the spot! tried a few new dishes: platha- for some reason i expected something more like roti but what we got was like a giant pita chip. it was ok, but when they say fried, they mean friedtofu dok- great fusion of flavors. i love silken tofu and pea sprouts so it was nice combination for mebraised pork belly- this dish was rockin'! they replaced the string beans with baby bok choy. my grandma used to make this dish, complete with preserved vegetables, so i think this is actually a chinese dish, but yum all the same! totally hit the spot. i also ordered the classic burmese chicken casserole but instead i got the classic burmese chicken salad. i was quite disappointed when i got home bc this was the new dish i was looking forward to. the salad was ok.... chicken was fried. not my thing. kudos for offering brown ricei am saving the 5th star for when i finally get my chicken casserole lol
God I love this place. Started with a mojito that even though it's made with a rice liquor (not rum) is fantastic. Server was warm and had good suggestions for us - the chicken with basil, chili, lemongrass and garlic was terrific, as was the salt-pepper squid.We didn't have to wait long, got lucky on a Tues night, but were seated next to a German loudtalker. When a nearby table opened we asked if we could move and they gladly moved us without a hint of being irked. The pumpkin pork stew with ginger very hearty, a bit heavy for summer but very satisfying. The steamed green pea shoots with wine and garlic was fabulous, proof that healthy can be flavorful. I could eat here almost every day, a bit more expensive than the average Asian resto but so so worth it.
Too crowded and the food has gone American. If you are looking for Burmese go elsewhere. The staff has generally been nice, but its a victim of its popularity. Its become a in thing to go there.The bad news is that there isn't anything NOT NORMAL on the menu. Where's the tongue? The nasty parts that everyone looks at thinks twice about ordering but the natives go...yeesss...that's good food!
One word: salmonella.Even if I could recall anything other than the terrible pain, nothing could be good enough to make me risk that again.No mistake either; my boyfriend and I ate there together and it was our only meal of the day.No thanks.
For SF, not bad. It was actually quite tasty. BUT what I didn't notice when I was in the restaurant is that the food is quite pungent. I asked the waiter to pack the rest of the Burmese chicken casserole for me. BIG MISTAKE - unless you can take it home right away. No offense b/c I truly did enjoy the meal but the leftovers smelled like a bag of farts which made me confused walking down Clement St afterwards. I kept thinking that my friends were unusually flatulent when I realized that it was the leftovers that had caused the malodorous smells.  All I have to say is, you should buy some matches and candles for the day after if you know what I mean.
277 reviews? (as of 10/22/06) I'm not surprised...that's probably how many people come through this small restaurant every night of the week.But they've got that figured out. I hear people complain about the wait, but just put your name & cell# on the list, and you can go get a glass of wine, take a stroll or buy cool things at Super Tokio right across the street (corner of 4th) --this is what I usually do. They will call you and give you time to return and get your table. No big deal. Stop complaining.here's what to order:  Burmese Cooler to drink (get a pitcher) a very refreshing beer and lemonade drink. Or get the young fresh coconut.  A large Tea Leaf Salad. This is the best food in the world. (period) It's on my profile for part of the last meal on earth.  A large Samosa Soup. Perfect soup. Warm, spicy, filling (samosa and falafel? who thought of this? brilliant). This soup is addictive, so watch out.  I'm staying vegetarian for this review, so this how we usually fill it out...  Coconut Rice for everyone  Steamed Pea Shoots  Pumpkin stew with tofu.They usually encourage you to get more, but if you make sure and get a large or double tea leaf salad and a large samosoa soup then this is plenty of food. The tofu tower is also good though (not sure if that's the right name)I don't even really know that much about the deserts because I'm usually so full, but there is that one with the creme puffs and custard and chocolate (and banana?) Yum.
Food is flavorful...and for that alone, I'd give it three stars. BUT if u are a foodie, and you understand that quality Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Korean food doesnt have to be expensive, and is typically a "value" than u will feel ripped off at Burma! If you're a foodie, you know that quality sushi and organic ingredients from local farmers may cost more but it's worth it. Burma is neither, so for $30/ person, they are REALLY laughing in our faces! We PAID for the fact that they've been on the Food Network! Read the reviews! Most of these people are not from the Bay Area! They are TOURISTS. Duh! This place is PERFECT for tourists OR for people who are not familiar with good Asian food. I felt like a sucka! Actually, I felt like a double sucka cuz I'm Asian! UGH! Oh well, I've been wanting to try it and see what all the hype was about! UGH! I'm so disappointed. Had the tea leaf salad...overrated for iceberg lettuce & peanuts! I enjoyed the lamb chili dish, it's tasty and spicy! WHY is everyone raving about coconut rice! OMG, it's basmati rice steamed with sweetened coconut milk people! Pour on the FAT & SUGAR and let them laugh at you more! No wonder the servers are smiling soooo hard, cuz they ARE LAUGHING at us! The samusa soup is like their minestrone! They throw EVERYTHING in it, like the leftover samusas.....LOL laughing, laughing! Everything is laughlying flavorful but NOT even near heaven or food-gasmic! Everything has sugar in it, no wonder everybody likes it! The banana jack fruit springroll was undercooked, as the chocolate chips inside was hard like lil rocks and should have been melted.. I would have given this place 3 -5 stars if the meal costed $30 for two..Service was good except when their POS system broke and they only accepted cash. I'm so sorry Burma won't be back.
I luuuuuuurve this restaurant. 4 1/2 stars for the food, 4 1/2 stars for the service, 3 stars for ambiance.I crave this place almost monthly. I've been here with a large group of 12, a group of 6 and parties of just 2 many times, and the food and service is always consistent, especially the really knowledgeable and amiable gentleman.I used to always get the same starter, the tea leaf salad and if we're in a big group, the vegetarian samusa soup. The tea leaf salad has so many flavors and textures comingling together I'd liken it to a world summit in your mouth. I usually order the Samusa soup- yummy because it mixes great flavor with texture. The samusa (like Indian samosas) are deep fried. In the soup they soften a little bit but still hold a bite so they're not falling apart in the thick and hearty soup made of lentils, onions and broken up falafels. Loaded with flavor this soup would make a simple but satisfying meal for a single diner.This last time instead of the two standards, Ricky ordered the On Noh Kauswer (coconut chicken noodle soup). Another hearty soup thickened by the sliced hard boiled egg yolk disintegrating in the rich cocnut broth, this one satisfied our tastebuds. Make sure to squeeze some lemon juice to add a bright flavor and lighten the mouthfeel a bit. The noodles were thick, round and fun to eat.I ordered the Nan Gyi Dok, a mild coconut curry noodle with chicken chunks, more sliced hardboiled egg, split yellow peas and fried onions. It was similar to the soup in ingredients, but the flavor was markedly different. JR ordered the veggie curry delux and it was good, albeit too spicy for me to have more than a random string bean or piece of tofu. Pasha ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce- as toxic as it was to me, I had to try a piece and it was yummy. I hate eggplant that isn't cooked until tender and they certainly had it right in this dish. Everyone was lucky it was so spicy and loaded with garlic or I would have probably devoured the dish by myself. Danno & Tiff got two spicy chicken dishes- one was the spicy and crispy chicken; tender nuggets of chicken breast breaded & fried, then glazed with a sweet but tangy chili garlicky sauce (but not like the Chinese sweet and sour sauce). The other one was also good, but I forgot what it came with and the coconut rice was markedly yummy that night- there were large sections of the rice that had big gobs of cocnut cream in it- I felt my arteries hardening just looking at it. On previous trips I've had other dishes- the pork curry with potatoes and the tofu tower are both good but not so spectacular they stand out from anything else. I love pumpkin and kabocha squash, and I had their pumpkin pork stew, but felt a little disappointed with this one- the pork was dry to me, and the pumpkin wasn't exactly a good match for flavor. I'm not fond of the fried banana schtick and their rosewater thingy was too syrupy and sweet. As a general rule, get their signature Burmese dishes as I find that most people need heavier flavors to have it stand out. Dining here with a larger party, JR got to try some more heavily spiced dishes and he appeared to enjoy the food more this go around than the mild flavored items we got last time we were here (to accomodate for my ulcerous stomach and garlic/onion allergy- yes, god hates me). Only major minus- smelling like food when leaving.
The wait is long, but I love the calling system. The place is small, you are pretty close to other tables. The service is alright. The food was good, could have been better. I expected better. I read so many great reviews about the rainbow salad..it was too sour for me. I like the garlic in there, they should have added more. There's a regular and a larger portion of the rainbow salad. I do not know how big the regular portion is but the larger portion is not big. The beef kebat was not good, but edible. The spicy and crispy chicken was really good. There was another noodle dish that I tried, the name is too hard to remember. It was good. Their portion for tea is so tiny! Save your money and drink tea at home.I expected better food and service.
as everyone said, tea leaf salad is amazing. the service was quick and excellent. I would step back on the curry noodle though. It was delicious but something about it made me very dizzy, and my friend too. However, if I go back here next time, I want to try all the other salads =)
I've lived in the city for three years and have had a variety of many different dining experiences. I often ask myself (er, my visitors often ask me), what is my favorite restaurant?Well, this my friends, is it. It's not often I experience a cuisine that I have never had before, and burmese cuisine is a myriad of some of my faves-indian, chinese and thai. The dishes are unique, incredibly tasty, often spicy and very vegetarian friendly. The highlights for me are the rainbow salad (I am convinced I could eat this delectable salad with 22 ingredients every day of my life and not tire of it), samosa soup, curry eggplant, and coconut rice. It's relatively inexpensive, so you get a lot of taste for your buck. The decor and the neighborhood are not tops, but if you are going for the food, go here. And call ahead. You'll probably still have to wait, but you'll be glad you called ahead to get your name on the list when you arrive and see the line out the door. Favorite.
The food is amazing here. You cant make reservations and would have to wait in line. Located on Clement street in the Inner Richmond, this restaurant will leave not only your mouth watering, but your eyes as well..because it soooo good..that it makes you want to tear up
I first visited Burma Superstar during a visit to San Francisco almost two years ago. I went back home to San Antonio, and I spent every day craving that Tea Leaf salad. It really is that good! After I moved here, I saved my return trip for a special occasion. Everything was just as delicious as I remembered. Well worth the wait, and my #1 pick for San Francisco.
I first went there a few years ago, the food was pretty good but decided not to go back because:A) There's assloads of people there every nightB) Non-asians get better serviceLast week, my friends were in town and my bf haven't been there before so we decided to try it out for lunch on a Sunday.There were just 4 of us there, and we sat for a good 15 minutes before they decided to give us a menu. We ordered a large rainbow salad, a large samosa soup, a walnut prawn, pork belly and string beans, and a thing of coconut rice. The waitress told us that it wasn't enough food for 4 people so she conned us to order a noodle dish that was mediocre and tiny as fuck. To quote my friend, "what kind of hefers does she think we are???"The amount of food we got was more than enough, because we all ate it with that rice. Although the coconut rice is the best thing outta there, it was mushy as hell. Didn't they do the hand trick?Although I fully enjoyed the pork belly, I mostly thought it's the lard that did most of the work, not their cooking.Burma Superstar is OK when there's no wait. But it's overpriced and the service is just kinda lame. Try Mandalay on California and 6th instead.
I love this restaurant. Knowing that no matter what time I go there will be a line, I still go willingly. The tea leaf salad is the best I have ever had. Each time I go I make it a point to order something different. I went to this place religously for nearly 4 years because I lived nearby and I can honestly say that I have NEVER had a bad meal here. On my most recent visit, we tried the Chili Lamb, the Spicy Salty Chicken and the Cinnamon rice. Each dish was very good. There is nothing to complain about here. The service is great and quick. To make the trek here easier, take a cab. Parking can be difficult.
A friend of ours suggested this restaurant last week and since I have stayed in Singapore and have tasted a lot of Asian food there and in particular Burmese cusine, I was more then excited to give this place a try. Also happened that our cook(Nelly) from Singapore, who was from Burma, cooked a lot of burmese food for us all the time. Its been over 3+ years since I left Singapore, but the taste of authentic burmese food still lingers on...Fast forward, decided to get dinner at Burma SuperStar with my best friends. This place was super crowded, Should be called the "Burma SuperCrowd" :-) in a good way. More people waiting in the line then I have seen anywhere lately..hmmm Bay2Breakers run maybe. (Everyone's wearing thier clothes so nothing to worry about - not that there is anything wrong with not wearing anything either). Give yourself atlesat 30-45mins to get a seat in this place. While you wait, there is coffee shop right across the street that serves great coffee and tea...(the folks sitting in the coffee place are cool too).Now about the food, we ordered the famous Samosa Soup and it was full of lentils, falafel and spice. Highly recommend that you try this soup which apparently has also made it on the food network. The small portion serves 3 and it was more then enough. We also tried thier Rainbow Salad (Mix of different ingredients) -- tastes like the Thai Green Papaya salad, if you have had it before...but has more stuff in it. We also ordered some Lamb and Chicken and the whole meal was just delicious. Every dish/plate served there is fresh and tasty...might be spicy/hot for some (as one of my friends found out). So don't forget to get some Thai Ice tea to melow the spice...The food brought back memories of the food Nelly (our cook) cooked back in Singapore...Totally recommend this restaurant for thier authentic cusine, taste and fresh ingredients. For something different...Give this place a try and you will be hooked on...
The little Burma Superstar Restaurant on Clement is a wonderful place. Aside from having delicious, delicious food - try the mixed at your table tea leaf salad. Yes, there is a better place for tea leaves than in a glass of hot water to stain your teeth all hippie style...The Buddha cartoon on the awning is indeed patience inspiring as you wait and wait and wait and wait and wait, entering several patience inspiring reincarnations before you can be seated in this busy venue. My advise is to stop at toy boat cafe down the street, purchase a small gelato and eat it while you wait outside. You will be extra cold and have whetted your appetite and then filled with the patience of Buddha as you enter to enjoy your truly awesome meal and humane inside temperature.
Monosodium Glutamate. Out of the 3 to 4 page menu, there were two things that didn't have MSG. Even the salads. This food wouldn't stand up without the MSG. MSG was isolated in 1907 in Japan, yet it's all over this ancient Burmese cuisine?The food tastes good, but chicken out of a can would taste good if it had MSG on it.Mango salad was terrible. No sense of mango. A little was shredded on top with a cheese grater. If you can shred a mango with a cheese grater, then it is not ripe...And that dark brown stuff in their signature soup? Yuck. This place was a Super joke.One star for the name. LOL. If you want honest MSG free food where they care about the ingredients, go to Pot de Pho on Geary.
Cute place, worth the wait. Went here with a group of friends and was immediately initiated in the ways of tea leaf salad (excellent) and samosa soup (also quite good). After those highlights, dinner morphed into a half Indian, half Chinese mix of dishes. Overall, the food is good. What they do, they do well.  think I was a little disconcerted at the mixing of cuisines, so it was a little wierd for me, but again, good food and good service.
i always wanted to try this place but there was always a line. and that is not cute. cause when a gurl wants to eat, she is NOT trying to wait for 45+ minutes to be seated...... but that's why you put your name on the list and then go shopping for cheap kitchenware at the surrounding Chinese stores, duhhh. that's pretty much what we did when there was a 45 minute wait for our table. the cool thing is, they'll call you on your cell phone when your table is ready, so you don't have to wait infront of the restaurant.me personally, i think this place is good for a group of 4, cause that's what the portions seem to be good for. i felt the need to kind of rush eating, so other people waiting could have there chance of sitting too, which is a major boo boo. can't a hoe enjoy conversation with her guest?? shitttt.besides that, i actually do like the food. can't remember the dishes off the top of my head (which is why i should yelp right after i go somewhere), but from what i remembered: the coconut chicken soup and garlic noodles were my favs. i also liked the mandarian chicken BUT honestly there wasn't really anything special about it (i'm just not a picky eater).i would totally go back next time i'm in the neighborhood and i have some time to spare.
Holy crap I love this place. I live in San Jose but every time I visit my sister I want to go here to eat! Love the green tea leaf salad! It's worth the wait, but I suggest getting there early when they open to avoid the major masses!
They have enough reviews, but I needed to say it exceeded my expectations!
Burma superstar... that is what you are.. come away with me blah blah blah blah blah.Yeah, like no one's ever made THAT joke before.anyway, I love this place, and hesitate in giving it a good review because it is already way too freaking crowded. I mean, really, for the past 6 months the waits have been so long that I end up giving up and going to King of Thai across the street. which, while good, just doesn't compare.So please, mum's the word on the pea shoots, beef kebat, calamari and basil, coconut rice, and ginger lemonade. And DEFINITELY, no one mention the tea leaf salad.
I admit, I wasn't prepared for the line. The waiter told us that the wait was around 45-50 minutes, but we waited for 1:30 hours. But boy, was it worth the wait.We started with the tea leaf salad, then samosas, then chicken casserole and it was heavenly.When they brought the chicken casserole it was covered in cilantro, and me and my wife just hate cilantro (it is like eating soap). The menu didn't say that (and we always forget to mention) but they promptly removed it and brought another one. So call ahead or have a couple of beers across the street while you wait. You will enjoy.
I hadn't been to this place in like 10 years. I had to have some work done on my car and am never in this neighborhood but I found myself there on a Monday afternoon around noon and I took myself over to the Superstar. Pretty hopping for a lunch crowd. There was no wait though, which was nice. I ordered the coco rice noodle curry and it was super yummy. I like that you can have a nice lunch for $10. I guess I will find new reasons for heading over to that area just to get lunch again.
homey, good food. wouldn't say it's extremely great because it sort of reminds me of my mom's cooking. good food, but think it's a bit over-hyped.tried tea leaf salad and was a bit disappointed because of the strong flavour of fermented tea leaf. reminds me of this chinese condiment...
thanks to the wonderful host, meida, for running a smooth show tonite!pumpkin shrimp, fiery tofu, and curry noodles kicked butt. our out of town friends were flat out impressed by the food and ambience! 8)
This place is always crowded. There is a reason for that. It is good. One thing they have improved on, they will take your cell phone number and call you when your table is ready so you can browse around town and come back ready to dine. I love the atmosphere here, very chill and comfortable. The waiter and waitress come to your table and mix the food in front of you.I really like the salads, rainbow salad is incredible, bits of garlic and coconut. I also like drinking the young coconut directly from the nut, like in Asia. The curries are good. Also, I tried my first coconut rice here which was delightful. Burmese food is like a combination of Thai, Indian, and Chinese. The samosas are to die for. Everything here is filling and hits the spot after a good workout or on a lazy day. If you want less of a wait, come for lunch. The lighting is very nice in the daytime.
3.5/5 but I'm giving them a 3. Go early and skip the wait, its not really worth the wait. Tasty salads, appetiezers are OK. Great noodle and chicken and rice dishes. Friendly service. Definitely pricier compared to say most Thai places. This place caters to the "I saw it on Food Network" or wannabe popular crowd. Check it out, but don't wait in line!
Okay, I do like this place, the food is authentic and good. However, there are a few reasons I knocked it down a few notches.#1. It is too big for its britches. They will call your cell when your table it ready so you can go do something while you wait the hour or more to get a table. Last night the lady who called my cell was super rude, as if she coldnt be bothered to wait a few minutes for us to get there. Dont offer the service if you dont mean it.#2. Though there are some super fantastic dishes, there are some mediocre ones as well. You can never go wrong with their salads...they are truely unique and complex in flavor but some of their chicken dishes taste like.....ummmm.....chicken.#3. Cramped space. This place is a cash cow - move to a space where I can't feel the breath of the diner next to me.
So my husband and I finally got to try out this most rated restaurant on yelp.After reading all the reviews here, we expected a long wait. We got there around 6pm on a Saturday evening. I wrote our name down on the waiting list, which has already gone to the second page. The wait wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't so cold outside. The wind was piercing, and there was absolutely no room to wait inside the restaurant. Also, while we were waiting outside, some guy (a bumb? a drunk? both?) walked by and decided to harass everyone who was waiting. It was a bit scary.Finally, after an hour an a half wait, we were seated.Here's what we ordered:Burma cooler - it was okay. I was hoping it would be sweeter.Samusa soup - our favorite dish of the evening. We really liked the flavor and texture. It was a little bit spicy, crunchy (from the falafel?), chewy (from the samusa?), and there were so many other things in the soup.Rainbow salad - I didn't count 22 ingredients, but there were definitely over 10. The waiter mixed the salad in front of us, which was nice. It tasted good, but nothing spectacular. Just tasted like any noodle salad. We definitely want to try the tea leaf salad next time.Beef Kebat - Pile-O-Beef. I personally thought it looked better than it tasted. You can tell they used baking soda to tenderize the beef from the texture of the beef. My husband liked it more than I did.Pork Curry with Potatoes - Very tender braised pork. Very flavorful. I only wish there were more potatoes.Coconut Rice - Very good. Very distinct coconut flavor.For dessert, we had Fried Coconut Custard Fritters, topped with a bit scoop of coconut ice-cream. It was delish! It came with three pieces of fritters, which my husband and I shared. We didn't have problem with the water glass not being filled, since we never drank the water (we just drank the cooler). None of the dishes was really spicy. There was spice, but in my opinion, very mild.We will definitely go back again. It's worth the wait.
wednesday night wait for 2 people at 6:30pm = 20 minuteschicken samosas - 4 stars (a bit too oily for me)tea leaf salad - 5 stars (unique and crazy texture and flavor)chicken daal - 5+ stars! (saved the leftovers for the next day and it was still crazy good with the sauce poured over rice)
I like this place, though you have to wait quite a while sometimes (this place gets a lot of hype just in case you didn't know). I've been here twice and enjoyed it both times. I'm sure you've all heard about the samusa soup and tea leaf salad, they're all good. The service is good, I like when they bring out the tea leaf or rainbow salad and explain what is in it. Very popular place so be prepared to wait in line!
I don't do defeat.On my first attempt to eat here I didn't get in, because I arrived at 9pm, on a Wednesday night I might add, and the waitlist was already filled up beyond their 10pm close time. On my second attempt, I came prepared. I arrived plenty early and brought reading material to entertain me through the more than 2 hour wait I endured. Once you hit the 1.5 hour wait mark, there really is no turning back. I will not let 1.5 hours of my precious weekend time be in vain. But I have to say, I'm glad I made it to the inside. The food was amazingly flavorful and the service (although speedy and a little gruff) is very efficient. I would totally go more often if it was easier to get a table. Unfortunately, it's one of those gems where you have to plan on a hellish wait. Life is rough on the outside of Burma.
I had such high expectations from always passing this restaurant and seeing large crowds but the food i got was nowhere near great. Everything just seemed drenched in oil and extremely over priced.
This is a 'must visit' when going to the bay area. I go to the Bay area a few times a year for work - and I always have lunch or dinner here. I've tried a lot of the items on the menu. Obviously some are better than others. But now, everytime I go, I always get the Bun Tay Kauswer with chicken and an order of the pea shoots. Both dishes are incredible. I also like the Superstar Vegetarian Noodles - that is prepared room temperature so it's perfect as takeout when I want something to eat on the plane. In both of these dishes, the flavors come together and explode in your mouth. The great news about this restaurant is that they have call ahead seating.
First off the salads alone make me love this place...yes the salads. They are wonderful. The food is wonderful- well very good. My one complaint is we got the eggplant and it was VERY greasy. Very good but I hate having a puddle of grease on my plate.The wait was long on a Saturday night but we called ahead and got seated as we arrived at the communal table.
Is this the most reviewed spot in SF?I've lived here 10 years and FINALLY in 2006 made it here. It's now my most favorite asian flavor mixing Thai, Indian, Chinese to make it uniquely Burmese. Be sure to get the 21 ingredient salad, although the papaya salad is yum too. The samosa soup is delicious. Usually I would not order soup for Asian, but don't pass up this dish. We had the curried chicken and spicy shrimp - both were stellar. Also, they have a special house beer mix that sounds not so appetizing, but once you taste it, you'll be back for more!
Very mediocre for the quality of food.
I think they put crack in the food. Yes, it's that good! This is one my favorite restaurants! I have sampled most of the dishes and have never been disappointed. It's different, unique and well worth the wait and the close seating. Some of my favorite dishes include:Tea Leaf Salad - This is a must order every time!Vegetarian Samusa Soup The SamusasLemongrass SalmonBurmese Style Curry SuperStar NoodlesPea ShootsSesame Beef
Our daughter lives in San Francisco and took us to Burma SuperStar as part of our "Best of SF" personal guided tour. The food and service did not disappoint! The vegetarian rainbow salad was beautiful and delicious--so many flavors ingeniously melded. The vegetarian Samusa soup was spicy but not too hot, with an outstanding mix of flavors and textures. The Okra and Tofu was the tastiest tofu I have ever had, and I've never liked okra very much before, but here it is really good. The pea sprouts with garlic were prepared perfectly. The waitress was charming and attentive. I really wish they had an east coast restaurant, but until then this place is on my list as a must go every time I am in SF. Worth standing in line for, no doubt about it.
Tea Salad!
OOOOO!! This place CPR'ed my tongue back to life. We went on a crowded Saturday night with a toddler in hand and despite the hostess being mauled by hungry long lines, she maintained her calm and we got our seat. We had called in an hour and half earlier. We grabbed a drink in the coffee shop opposite while we waited. (the coffee shop had orange juice for my screwdriver but apparently they stopped selling juices after 8, so no juice for my toddler :) but that's another story).We had the tea-leaf salad and the samosa soup - both to die for. We also ordered the burmese vegetable curry which was good but not as great as the tea-leaf salad and the samosa soup. The garlic noodles were OK. The menu itself is not kid-friendly. Apart from that everything was good, including the service.
The superstar is a black hole for humans, but only after 5pm or so. If you can arrive before that time, you may be able to eat here, escape, and make it home in time to watch a movie. Otherwise be prepared to wait in the huge crowd that gathers for this place, especially on weekends.That being said, this was the first place I ever had Tea Leaf Salad, which I believe is what the gods on Olympus ate while drinking Ambrosia. I have no doubt that one of the items they're swirling around in that salad is crack. Note: You can make this at home, by ordering the tea leaves online. Score one for the Internet!The Chicken casserole cannot be missed, with the falling off the bone meat and the awesome mix of sweet spice. I suggest you try all the Burmese dishes, which are marked as such on the menu. A good intro to Burmese food, if slightly expensive. Parking in the area is also notorious, so bring your manservant or take the limo.
Love the tea salad, but I didn't feel the wait was worth it. I'm not really sure what all the hype about. I already hate looking for parking in richmond.
Coconut rice? Ohhh yeah. Veggie options? Mmmm hmmm. Long line? Yep, they've got one of those too.I love this place, but the wait is no joke -- definitely call ahead to put your name on the list or get your food take out. If you choose the latter option, I highly recommend dining up on Twin Peaks if the weather permits it. The view + the coconut rice = my kinda night.
I went because of the 8 million reviews this place has received, and because I had never eaten Burmese/Myanmarian. I was expecting a wait, so I wasn't bothered when the beautiful (I know I didn't have to say that) hostess said "30 minutes." Once seated, our food came quickly (that's what she said). So what's Burmese food like? Rice, some spicy meat, and some vegetables in a tangy sauce. Yeah. Like every other Asian culture's cuisine. Should you go to Burma SuperStar? Sure. I guess. Or, just order Chinese or Indian or Thai or Vietnamese or Pakistani.
Too much hype. I went here for lunch a while ago without having to wait. It was good and the prices were reasonable. However, I don't think it is good enough to warrant a 45+ minutes wait to get a table or suffering the crowd. Recently found a report that they got a score of 37/100 during a routine restaurant inspection back in 2/2006. Yes it's an old report. I sure hope they have improved that score in the last 2 years.sf.everyblock.com/restau
"Time/Date: Thursday 8:10 pmType/Quality: Tastey Authentic Burmese food. The meat was a little dry but the variety and taste made up for it. I hope it was fluke because I'm definately going back. Our meal included a personal soju leechee, 5 samosas, fermented tea leaf salad, pasta salad with roasted garlic & more, curried lamb, a side order of bread, and a chicken rice entree.Price/Quanity: Around $65 dollars, w/out tip, feeds 4 people. The quality is great. They serve specific items that are hard to find anywhere else.Service/Accesibility: The wait is long but they have a good system where they call you when your table is ready. It can be up to an hour so plan appropriately. Once you are seated the food is quick. The service is good. Not only do they make you feel welcomed, they make sure they give you an appropriate meal and mix the food for you so you don' t look foolish.Structure/Ambience: Its a packed place with tables close together, but the feeling isn't awkward since the whole place is compact. The ambiance is great for almost any occasion when its a smaller party. The best part besides the food is the cute Burmese waiter whose voice cracks. He is super friendly.
Small and cozy but the food is unique and very San Franciscan. It's a good place to take someone who is looking for a different food experience and the food is always good.
Good (unique) Asian food for a reasonable price in the city. A bit on the salty side but plenty of options for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. Some of the food seems similar to Chinese food, but the menu denotes which dishes are traditionally Burmese. I definitely recommend trying their salads. The wait can be a bit long (40mins-1hr), but they'll call you when it's your turn if you leave your cellphone number. It's easy to pass time on Clement street with all the Asian "restaurant-supply" stores and used book shops.
Get the Rainbow Salad to start. 22 different flavors will delight the palette. If you're into curries, their On Noh chicken curry noodle soup is rich and inviting. Everything is pretty good there. Explore. One note. No reservations. You put your name on a list that hangs on a post just inside the door. Expect to wait an hour unless you get there right when they open. The cool thing is, you can call them to put your name on the list for you. There is a space on the list for you to put your cell phone so you can walk around while you wait for your table.
This place is great! But be ready to wait outside for a table. Try the tea leaf salad, it's great! My date and I had Sunday brunch, so the wait was only about 20 minutes, but I hear the dinner wait is much longer, the place is small, and the service is slow, but the food is worth it all! That's why I couldn't give them the 5th star.
OMG! This place was so amazing. It was my first stop after a long flight from Chicago. We went at 2:30 in the afternoon on a Friday and had no wait. The Tea-Salad is something I still dream about, and let me tell you, I DID lick the plate. If you live in SF and haven't been there, you are missing out. If you are visiting, it is the best food. I wish I lived closer because it was just so delicious!
I really want to, but for some reason I'm struggling to give this place 4 stars, so I'll make it 3. Don't get me wrong, the food was great but I've got a couple issues with the place that make it only a 3 star experience...- The wait - Like everyone mentioned the wait can be a bitch, easily 90+ minutes on a weekend night. That being said, you can always call in and put you name on the list before show up but that can be a bit risky if you try to cut it too close.- Portion size - Not very impressive, which could be a good thing I guess cause I'd probably eat it all up if there was more... anyways, at least give me the option of gorging or taking it home with me...- Price - Relative to the quality of the food? Not bad at all. Relative to the portion size? Maybe if they knocked a couple bucks off I'd be happier...So yeah, overall the place isn't bad, and I think if they improved any one of the three issues I have with it I'd be tempted to go back, but until then... I'll try one of the other billion places to eat in SF.
only reason im not givin the full five is because of the line..but thank god there's a bar across the street that lets you drink on the street....go to it and order like youre in a tapas place...no dissapointment guaranteed...
Ok, so as of now, this restaurant has 304 reviews, which means my votes won't really skew the results all that much. I've been to this place 4 times now, thanks to my friends from out of town who insist on zagat-ing restaurants and invariably find this 'Burmese' place instantly. And they usually go, "Burmese cuisine"? "Burmese"? (And trust me, if you've haven't heard of this place before, you'd be doing the same thing) - I've had Indian,I've had Thai, I've had Nepalese, what is Burmese food like? And you'll instantly flock to this place to find you're 547597621A in queue.Anyhow, I digress - The food is ok. It's not the best, its different. Its like thai food, except that its not. Its got a lot more north-indian flavor to it, but with asian style food (noodles etc.)The wait makes it all not-so-worthwhile. If you're really craving Burmese food (and you know what it is), go to Mandalay instead(yelp.com/biz/IPpQnGDJVAp)toodles,"ai"
I'm one of those folks who has to disagree. I do not think Burma SuperStar is all that great of a restaurant especially when doing a price comparison with other restaurants on clement street.I had the Samusa Soup. Loved it. Waitress recommended it and it was great. Really tasty...a big mix of flavors which coalesced nicely on teh palate. Had a tea leaf salad. Tasty as well. Pork and pumpkin stew was not so good. Pork was dry, sawdusty. You've got to really f*ck up to remove every last vestige of succulence from pork shoulder. Boo.Had some coconut rice on the side. But what'd we pay for this? Somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 bucks. Ladies and gents, this is far, FAR too much to spend when you can hit any number of indonesian, singaporean, thai, vietnamese or chinese restaurants in the immediate vicinity and spend half as much and eat at the same level. And don't get me started on the wait. This place is perpetually packed but if you really want to eat here, come for lunch. It's usually much less busy.
Although this place has a line waiting around the corner before it opens, I think a lot of it has to do with the hype. Don't get me wrong, I think Burmese food is mega delicious but there are other places where Burmese food is absolutely terrific. Yes, other than Burma SuperStar. Granted, I think this place gets a lot of play because it is on Clement and across the street from a Killer boba, crepe place. So, it's relatively convenient to get your gastro fix, really.Overall, the food was good. I brought a good friend here for dinner and we shared the Rainbow salad, which is comprised of about 20 plus ingredients. Sounds overwhelming but it's not. I mean, spices are included in the ingredients list. It definitely was flavorful and a good primer to the rest of the appetizers we shared. The Burmese veggie Samusas were nice and crisp with a piping hot filling. It was rather good all on its lonesome and having the rainbow salad complemented it well. To round out the rest of the dainty meal, we shared Platha bread, which was not doughy at all. Come to think of it, it would have been fabulous with a curry dip, similar to Roti (I believe). In any case, the appetizers we had were good. I also had the Dragon Well tea. I highly recommend having a pot of tea with your meal because your stomach will thank you for it. Not that anything is heavy but it just completes the meal well.Just a tip, if you go around 9 or 9:30, you can score a pretty decent seat. Don't go at peak dinner hours if you are one to stress easily! Parking should be relatively easy! Happy eating!
After a long night of trying to find parking (yes, it was that bad), my friend and I found a parking spot down the street from Burma Superstar, so we decided to try our luck. I say that because 1) we were owed Karma pay-back after a string of incidents and 2) my friend knew that Burma Superstar always entails a line, leaving a cell phone number, or some other crowd control mechanism. Anyway, we basically stood over the hostess who has already "closed the list" until she added us. We were thinking it would take about a half and hour more when, out of the glorious blue, Karma took us by the hand (not literally, silly) and seated us in a two-top which had been abandoned by some impetuous fool! After pursuing the menu at great length and debating the finer points of Burmese food, we ordered or should I say we started the order process. After attempting to order two dishes, our server looked at us in a somewhat confused somewhat authoritative fashion and asked us "Have you been here before?" Clearly the connotation was, "You really don't know what you should be ordering, so here's where I'm going to help you..." She promptly told us that we should absolutely order one of three dishes (the Tea Leaf Salad, the Rainbow Salad, and the Vegetarian Samusa Soup). Not that anything was wrong with what we ordered, it just wasn't representative of the "super" in Burma Superstar. After the sermon, I was suitably converted and changed my order to both the Tea Leaf Salad and the Vegetarian Samusa Soup. The food was sort of across the board. The Samusa Soup was amazing and worth the trip alone. The Tea Leaf Salad was really good, though I wouldn't describe it as amazing. We also ordered the Pumpkin Pork Stew, which really wasn't a stew. When I think stew, I think chunks of stuff in a liquid, but this dish was more chunks of pumpkin and pork surrounded by a little liquid (which was tasty). Overall, the dish was flavorful, but not amazing since some of the pumpkin wasn't cooked enough (sort of had that green banana chalky aftertaste to it). We added the coconut rice as a side to the Pumpkin Pork Stew; that was really, really tasty. All in all, Burma Superstar was a great little restaurant that has a well deserved reputation, if you can deal with the wait. I'll be back so I can explore more of the menu!
I have not been the same since I walked out of that door and onto the bustling sidewalk of Clement Street. I have been changed. My Burmese food cherry has been popped. Thanks a lot, Burma SuperStar. I have to say that despite the crowded atmosphere, the semi-long wait, and the overall busy-ness of this joint, I am still a fan. Besides, it's all part of the experience. The food was nothing short of amazing although I will say that they could add a few more vegetarian items to their menu. The potato curry was perfectly spiced and flavorful but not as thick as I imagined it to be. However, with the coconut rice, who cares! Curry is curry! The noodles with the coconut milk in it made my taste buds jump for joy! It's mildly spiced with a variety of flavors that will make you ooohhh and ahhh throughout your meal. The absolute must-order dish here is the Tea Leaf Salad. Never ever had I had anything like it and I will keep coming back to devour it, one plate at a time. It's spicy, salty, tart, and just an absolute delight to one's taste buds. Try it for yourself; it will not disappoint!
Burma has a well balanced menu with a good variety of foods that go hand in hand with Rice. Such dishes as the Sumosa Salad where you'd think to eat with some dressing, but actually I very much needed rice. Along with the salad I had the Pork Curry Potatoes and it reminded me of the Filipino dish, Pork Adobo (traditionally Manok), it HAD to be accompanied by with some major rice.Overall experience was pleasant. The price was just a bit higher than other restaurants on Clement, but it wasn't too bad.I'd say go and check it out if your big on Rice plates - I'm pretty sure you'll dig it!
Big fan. I discovered this place about two months ago and have eaten there several times since. It's one of those places you crave it's so delicious. The samosa soup and tea leaf salad are my favorites! I also enjoyed the pork curry and the coconut rice (favorite rice of the choices so far), but have recently stopped eating meat when possible - I can still enjoy the rice though! Sure there can be a wait to get in, but that's because it's fantastic. Try to avoid going at popular times if you can't wait out the line. Decent prices & friendly staff. Highly recommend.
I have never had Burmese food before, but after many suggestions, I decided to give this place a shot. So glad I did! The food was really tasty and nicely spiced. I enjoyed the beef curry with potatoes over coconut rice, the sesame chicken, samusas, the exotic and exceptionally refreshing tea leaf salad, and the coconut mango juice. Overall I was super satisfied and so were my colleagues...we will definitely be back!
This place has amazing food. Definitely some of the best tastes on Clement, with plenty of items to choose from, the fav being Sesame Chicken. I would give this place 5 stars, but like others have mentioned, the prices are a little high considering there are other great alternatives with comparable food in the neighborhood. Definitely not outrageously expensive, but the bill will always be a few bucks more than you expect. The other thing is the wait. They don't take reservations, so everytime I go here I end up having to wait at least half an hour to get a table, which isnt the worst since you give them your cell phone number which in turn gives you the ability to wander around Clement as you wait. And trust me, you don't want to wait right outside. As you grow colder and more agitated while realizing that there are STILL 10 people ahead of you on the waiting list, you can't help but glance through the windows and see those lucky patrons enjoying their tasty dishes. Just makes matters worse. Then when you finally do get inside, you tall customers like me will have just enough elbow and foot room to keep from being sucked into an alternate dimension.But, when the food arrives you'll forget about all of life's sorrows.
Parking is terrible in the area and it's overly hyped up. Portions are small and in my mind, overpriced.Have to admit that the food is very good and quite different from what you would normally get, but given the other negatives going against this place, I can't give it but 3 stars.
Great Food, especially the Green Tea Leaf Salad!!! It is better to order out than to stand in line.
So yummy. I just wish they would expand, open other locations, and/or raise the price because it is no exaggeration that the wait is often upwards of 2 hours. I think next time the way to go for me at least will be takeout. Favorites: rainbow salad, garlic peashoots, curried catfish, and coconut rice.
One of the funnest parts of eating here is watching the drama surrounding the precious wait list unfold. Sit back while you wait and you will observe constant checking to ensure one hasn't been skipped, frequent through-the-window speculations about how close diners are to finishing their meals, and back-of-the-napkin calculations based on average rates of consumption, server to customer ratios, and the kitchen's per-dish rate of speed.Seriously, judging by the intensity of which people jockey for position in the small entry way just to get on the list, you would think the restaurant was owned by Oscar Schindler. Wah Wah!The food here is as good as everyone says it is but I've never eaten a meal here where I didn't feel rushed by the compulsively hyper-efficient service.
Okay so this is our faults by ordering the Rainbow Salad and Shan Noodle for 2 hungry people. My friend ordered the Rainbow Salad and the portion is so small! My shan noodle is in okay portion, but the taste was just okay. When I came to this place, I expect MORE because of the wait and many people talk good about it.I won't judge by my first visit and I'll update my review as soon as I come for the second visit with different orders of course :)
Don't know much about Burmese Cuisine. But having experience alot of Asian cuisine in Asia while living there, I can tell that the food is not that authentic here. But really, your audience is different.  Anyways.... this place is really delicious, I highly reccomend it. The tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, kebats, soups... all pretty tasty.  Thousands of people cant be wrong, there is a better than 95/97 percent chance that you will like this place. GO FOR IT!!! There is a good chance that you will have to wait to get in.. They have heaters outside... put your name in, give them your cell number... go have a few at Bitter End or Plough Stars:)
They have the best walnut shrimp. And for dessert have the coconut fritters. Pricey but worth it. The service was surprisingly good, which I'm sure made up for the 1 hour or more my friends were waiting.
After reading the reviews, I thought I was going to come out of there impressed. It was 'aight and that's about it. Went for a friends birthday, got seated at the big round table in the back, and pretty much tried everything that everyone ranted and raved about.Our order: veggie samusas, vegetable mushu wraps, lettuce cups, rainbow salad, samusa soup, spicy & crispy chicken, chef's special ribs, beef kebat, See Jyet Kauswer (Garlic Noodles with duck or pork), and rice (coconut and white).The ribs are what stood out to me, everything else was just , again, 'aight! The lettuce cups were teensy tiny, the garlic noodles lacked in flavor, the chicken at Panda Express has more flavor, and as much as the raving went on here for the rainbow salad it did nothing for me.Party of 11 at 1130 on a Sunday. No problem in getting a table. At least I tried it, don't think I'll bother again.
Supper friendly service with out pretension, casual evironment with out being dingy at all. Great food of course too. really good. Try the peanut salad.
Very impressed w. Burma Superstar. It lived up to its reputation and long lines and I will for sure eat there again. They serve you tea while you wait, waitstaff is friendly and accommodating. I had the peanut chicken w. coconut rice. I would recommend the tender pork or mango chicken!
food was overcooked and tasted very blend. and a bit overpriced.
This place is yummyrific! The food is AMAZING. Definitely worth the wait for dinner. Advised Directions:Step one:Put your name and phone number down.Step Two:Go across the street to grab a drink. Step Three:Anxiously wait for a buzz from the SuperStar!Step Four:Order everything from the menu because it is all SUPER!:-)
i forgot to mention the coconut rice. ohhhhh, the coconut rice. eat it with everything. regular rice will never be the same. sorry
Only appropriate as my first Yelp. Hands down the most fun place to take dates, friends from out of town, parents. Unique food and friendly atmosphere they'll be talking about for months. If you want to make an impression, definitely the place to go.Never miss the Tea Leaf Salad.
Its kinda pointless, because 242 people before me who reviewed this place, probably covered every conceiveable nuances of this restaurant.But for the sake of my loyal readers (ha ha ha, who am I kiddin'). I will do a little review.So starting off, wait here is pain in the butt, so you kinda have to work around that. The way I handle it during midweek - eat a later lunch, show up earlish around 7:30ish, with friends, hangout at the Blue Danube across the street, or neighboring bookshops, and have a good time. Then by time they seat us you better know what you want cuz god damn kitchen is closing. And dem pretty burmese granola waitresses will nudge you to order as quickly as possible.But I dont care about services, here, just get me my:1. Samosa Soup2. Buntey Kauswer3. Tanpoi4. lamb or chicken curry,and I will be out of your way. Of course if I'm dining with my veggie divas, then chances are I will get savor the tasty tea-leaf salad, (with pickled tea-leaves). poodi (which is simply a 10,000 times worse version of a simple breakfast/brunch dish that my mom makes), but thats a whole new yelp.and dont bother with sangria... whose idea was that? to introduce sangria at a burmese restaurant, sure it would be great addition to the menu, if it actually was worth its price.but lychee smoothie is.oh yeah parking usually it takes about 5-15 minutes in general, plan accordingly.
Tea salad is a must have when dining here. The combination of textures (mouth feel) and flavors cannot be beat in any salad. As a follow up order some noodles, curry, and don't forget the awesome coconut fritters for dessert!
Great restaurant. To avoid waiting ~1hr outside in the cold, wet Richmond district to get a table here, call ahead and put your name in line. Tea leaf and Rainbow salads are the well-known specialties. Jackfruit banana rolls = an excellent dessert.
Really good noodle salads here. But the service sucks. I can't believe how long it took for us to get our check. And the table we sat at had bugs. We were swatting them all through our meal. The long wait doesn't help.
This place has my heart. The only thing that hurts it is the wait.The prawns are breathtaking.
Had the smoked tea leaf salad. Good, but based upon other reviews I was waiting to get my socks knocked off. Didn't happen. It was very refreshing and we enjoyed it but not the nirvana others spoke of. Same with the soup. Service was very attentive and charming which offset the hour long wait. I'll go back but I won't wait an hour for it.
Holy moly. This place IS worth the hype. After hearing more near-cult ravings about it from friends than I can count, I finally experienced it myself.The food was sublime and perfectly prepared. I can only imagine they have a secret box in back marked "magic" that they sprinkle into everything. Because that's the only explanation.Everything is excellent... but the crazy 400-ingredient salad was mind-blowing and the samosa soup is a must for any future visit.Go. Now.
Fantastic food!!! Tea salad is a must. Service is kinda sucky. Food is worth it.
Excellent service -- accommodated special requests for non-flour based substitutions and made fine recommendations. Checked in on our orders and meals.Food flavors are very good. Tea leaf salad is good, the staff tosses it at the table, nice touch. The coconut rice is excellent. Portions on the somewhat small side, but I found them just right.Good beer/wine selection. Next time we are in the city, we'll go back.
Oh, damn, my dinner was so good last night! The man and I usually expect a long a$$ wait after 5:30pm and that's cool, whatever. We just put our name and cell number on the list and mosey on down to The Bitter End and have a few pints while we wait for them to call us when our table is ready.But yesterday we drank so much at the Stern Grove concert and we just wanted to eat dinner and not wait and not drink any more beer. So we pulled up, double-parked while the man went into the packed restaurant (at 5:30!) to order our food to go. It took 20 minutes. And 10 minutes after that we were digging in. Yum.SamusasCatfish CurryPumpkin ShrimpCurry Eggplant (i know, i know, same curry as the catfish...but i love eggplant!)Coconut RiceI ate way too much and went to bed early with a big belly and a smile on my face. Can't wait to go back!
We walked to the door at 6:30 and flashed the waitress a toothy grin, "table for four if you please, love"Then came the acrimonious two hour wait for said table; not so super with those of my cultural standing (by that I mean white men that can't dance). It's not that I don't appreciate a good upright stance, it's just that I'm part of that durex-survey percentage of foreplay-less-fornicaters. We're a sad, well-intentioned bunch that can't annunciate the word 'patience' (though we do cuddle, I should add).As a side note - if you are waiting, jump the street to "Rock-it" across the road. Generous with the vodka and happen to have a pool table sans eight ball... so everyone's a winner. Right - so we waddled back to the restaurant at 9:30ish, and were left to stand outside for a further 30 minutes. To make matters more muddled we were even asked to place our orders before going in, as the kitchen was about to close. So why five stars then? Well, I can't say my tongue qualifies me for outstanding service to the industry; but this food was quite unlike anything I've ever had.My bowels send their regards, old friend.
The more time you spend reading this, the more time you waste when you could be eating orgasms on plates and drinking out of coconuts. Get off the computer and go here.
SOOOO GOOOOD!!!I've been wanting to eat here forever because of all of the raves. It did not disappoint. I came here with co-workers for an extragavant lunch. No wait - we walked right in and were immediately seated. We shared the unbelievable tea leaf salad, chicken satay salad, vegetarian samusas, and salmon with lemongrass and chili sauce. Everything was excellent. The salmon portion was very generous and the sauce really tasty. The service was pretty good and the decor of this quaint restaurant is charming. I can't wait to eat here again. It is on pace to become a Jenny K. favorite.
Dammit Joey, where are you? Not cool dude, be here when they call your name!This place is jammed. You put your name on the list, with phone #, and then go wander around Clement St in the fog, avoiding the minivans trolling at 22mph (full speed.) There's a nice used book store across the stree full of dusty coffee-table art books, how-to-rewire-your house guides, and yellowed Tom Clancy novels. Anyway, it's the wait is understandable. This is a pretty uniqiue joint with a pan-asian fusion menu (not "fusion" in the annoying mid 90's CA-Asian fusion). There are all kinds of southeast Asian, Chinese, Japanese influenced dishes, but mostly Thai/Vietnamese in nature. The mu-shoo appetizer was really, really amazing. To my surprise, it wasn't served with hoisin sauce on the side, and it didn't need it. It was crispy and savory and sweet and spicy and really impressive. For mains we ordered the curry eggplant and sesame beef. Eggplant was not so curry-ish, and sort of bland, unfortunately, but the beef was phenominal! I'll come back, and maybe upgrade to 4 stars, but for now, i've gotta keep it at 3. One off for the eggplant, another for the wait.  Still, a nice hidden jewel.
This place is outstanding! It combines the best elements of Thai, Indian and other southasian cuisines. The salads are to die for and now that I have been quite a few times and ordered quite a number of different items I can honestly say I have not been served a bad dish.Main downside is the wait can be very long (no reservations) but it is undoubtedly worth it!I will be returning as often as I can.
Is this place really worth the 1.5 hour wait for dinner for a party of 2? No, I don't think so. Since this was going to be my first time visit, I endured the wait. My favorite dishes were the rainbow salad (4 different noodles mixed with 22 ingredients), superstar noodles (served chilled) and the chicken casserole (which is really chicken biryani). The big group sitting next to us was a tad annoying. Could it because the guy next to me kept lifting his foot to show off his new shoe to the entire table? Or could it be because I could hear their conversation over mine especially when that one kid literally yelled across the table and said "everyone HAS to try the coconut rice because it's THAT good."If I do come back, I'll want to try the tea leaf salad because that looked pretty tasty!
I have to agree with the 800+ other people.. The food is awesome, but I would recommend coming in a group of 4 or more to share lots of dishes.. The tea leaf salad is a true treasure with the crispy fried garlic pieces.Negatives - Parking, and long waits, and just a "weeeeeee bit pricey", but the food definitely justifies it!
Went there as a part of a lunch - I won my Fantasy football league last year is this was my supposed Payoff....I was totally unimpressed by the place- tight quarters, dinky portions, the food wasn't even that great. Guess I got mesmorized by all the 5 star reviews, but for me, it just wasn't happening.Appetizers: sambusas - bastardization of Indian samosas- literally tasted like something out of the freezer case- nice "non" recommendation waitress lady....Lettuce cups - very tiny portion...and just meh....Spicy and Crispy Chicken - this was a dish that was really good, loved the sauce it came with...a winnerBun Tay Kauswer - Chicken noodle curry - again, seems I've had better noodles at Panda Express.Service was just OK - took our orders, then never heard from our waitress again, until she threw our bill at our tableBig disappointment Burma, Rangoon, whateever not so Super star
Just as everyone says definitely try the samosa soup and green tea leaf salad!!! SO GOOD. There is not point in going to a restaurant and ordering what you could make at home, or something you could eat everyday. I say go for something different! The wait was long, but the tea they offered for people waiting outside was a nice touch.
I'm a fan and yes, I am addicted to several things on the menu (the veggie samusas, fiery chicken with tofu, tofu tower, and the yummy coconut rice) BUT that being said, the wait is simply ridiculous. The last time I ate at Burma the wait was so long (over an hour) that by the time I got my food I barely had time to digest before it was time to go to sleep. I rarely go here anymore due to the wait. But since I live in the neighborhood I constantly have to manage my way through the crowd waiting to get in. Honestly, there are plenty of good eats in the area so I happily walk by.
I waited for 2 hours and STILL didn't get a table. Seriously!!! I know it's not the restaurant's fault for having such a huge fan base. We finally got food to go and THAT took 20 mins. O.M.G.
Authentic Burmese food actually tastes alot better than this. The only good dish would be the Samusas and everything else is just awful or just too overcooked and soft. I've had better and I honestly think that people go there because they haven't tried the real thing. =(
The samosa soup and the tea leaf salad make my year. I didn't even know this place was supposedly "hyped" until I came to the yelp page. What I do know is that I cannot get these dishes at any other restaurant, and they simply taste amazing. I make it a point of going here every time I visit San Francisco.
I recently had a special lunch here with a special lunch buddy, and was greatly excited by the opportunity to delve into Burmese cuisine. While my first inclination was to make a new version of "Ghetto Superstar" as the theme song for Burma SuperStar, I was looking forward to the menu described as a mix of Indian, Chinese, and Thai.Arriving shortly after 1:00 in the afternoon, we easily found seating with tables to spare. The lunch menu is a very concise version of their dinner menu, which designates Burmese-specific foods throughout the menu. As a veggie-phile restaurant, most of the menu can be done vegetarian (which is good as the "vegetarian noodle dish" lists dried shrimp as an ingredient). For this meal, we split the Tea Leaf Salad as a starter. This order comes with a show, too! All of the ingredients come neatly laid out on the plate (the lettuce & tomatoes, six or seven types of nuts and seeds, and of course the tea leaf mixture framed in the middle) and the waiter introduces them all and promptly mixes them. If you've seen guacamole mixed at table-side, you know what I'm talking about. The salad was highly refreshing, with various satisfying textures that welcomed you back for more with each bite!We enjoyed the meal with the lemonade, that had a lovely bite of ginger juice in it.We then shared the entrees (which came very quickly after the salad) , which was the potato curry with yummy little fried-bread puffs, and a non-Burmese tofu/shitake dish. The latter reminded me of a Chinese fusion dish I've had at Firecracker in the Mission, with red peppers and spinach.Both of the dishes had distinct flavors, the Burmese potato curry definitely out-doing the tofu/shitake dish with its jalapeo spices in a masala-like broth.The service was definitely prompt and friendly, and I was please with the bonus table show for the salad!My only complaint would be one of the proprietors (I believe) walking through the dining room with red rubber cleaning gloves on and rifling through some menus near the door, but right next to a couple of tables.  Even if the gloves are clean, we all know the yuckies they have been privy to, and I'd rather not thing about it as I'm enjoying my Burmese yummies.So, here's four superstars to the Burma SuperStar... Bon Apetite!
My memory of meals I've had at Burma Superstar years ago always make me feel like a coked out chihuahua right before I'm about to head over there. The looooong as$ waits don't help. And always the hype in my mind overshadows the meals I've had there the last couple years. The Chinese food items have been fair to disappointing- I've had the sesame chicken on two occasions where I felt I was eating fried cardboard- that dry. Underwhelming Superstar vegetarian noodles. Vegetables have been okay, nothing to write anyone about.Of course I always want to believe differently and have given this restaurant many chances to redeem itself and rise back up to the pedestal on which it once sat-mighty and unchallenged. Always there is that draw, that lure, something that brings me back full of hope- and always I walk out of there feeling like I'll never reach that amazing high from that first hit of Burma Superstar oh-so-many years ago.Tonight: The Rainbow Salad of my memories is flavorful, textured, and super tasty. The one I had tonight was craptastically bland. I thought they may have left out the tamarind or something else essential but when the server (very thoughtfully) brought us a new one, it was the same sour, bland, cold, plate of white wormy salad. And then he gave us the eye and said very politely, "if you really (really) want to send it back then I'll void it for you" (ie: you'd better not.) We now have cold wormy Rainbow salad taking up room in our already overflowing fridge.The tea leaf salad was also pretty so-so. There have been times when I've had it and it was straight up crack addition but tonight it fell pretty flat, a tad bit too sour, too much lettuce and not enough other good stuff. Could've used more tea leaf. And lentils. The tls I had at Mandalay the other week was wayyyyy more flavorful and tasty- though they're a bit heavy on the nuts. Yamo's tls- in it's jenky glory, just pound for pound on the flavor, blew tonight's out of the water.The Nan Pia Dok was really good- took a while for the flavors to fully realize and melt together but about 1/3rd of the way through I started to really enjoy it...the leftovers didn't make it 5 minutes in the fridge. That and the Samusa Salad (OH YEAH!) and the friendly service saved the $60+ meal (yeah, $60 bucks for 3 salads and noodles and 2 drinks- jaysus!) (The ginger lemon beer was too bitter- needed more sweet to bring it all together.)Perhaps memory is stronger and sweeter than the real thing- so though I love you, Burma Superstar, I'll be spending more of my time at other great Burmese/Chinese restaurants in the vicinity.
Considering this place already has over 1900 reviews, my review is clearly a moot point. Basically, this place is the bomb. Tea leaf salad is awesome. Long wait, but a couple times a year, that wait is totally worth it :)
Although the WILSEW would reeaalllly like me to give it two stars, I'm just not feeling that ornery tonight, nor am I nearly that vindictive. So what if their yellow bean curry was nearly inedible on Saturday night, the victim, the only logical explanation seems to me to be, of someone's throwing a half-acre of Curcuma longa, aka turmeric, in the pot? Their lamb Burmese style curry was really quite nice, and yes I thought she, the WILSEW I mean, was a little hard on the meat's texture (that is, on how tough it was, though admittedly lamb is easier to cook until melty tender than are other meats). And--again--she was a touch unforgiving in/re the lettuce in the tea leaf salad (something about how there's not supposed to be lettuce, but really it's because her preferred restaurant, Mandalay as I believe I've mentioned in earlier posts, doesn't put lettuce in their tea leaf salad, or at any rate she doesn't remember it being put in); basically, the damn thing tastes good, so I don't care what family of roughage they put in it. Really, she was just miffed that the 45-60 minute wait turned into 80 minutes. But whatever. I say: it wasn't that cold out, there were heat lamps, and we'd just been to Green Apple and thus had reading material. The WILSEW, however, after 42 minutes was having: none of it. But this is my review, so I say: after three visits, the average is 3 stars, and in fact the food is 4. (On average; it'll be a long time before I forgive them last night's yellow bean curry.) What brings it down from 4 to 3? In a word--no sorry, in two words--everything else. They rush you in/rush you out, which is fine, they're in the restaurant business and trying to make a profit, but equally valid is that when I dine out I'm in the dining out business, and I'm trying to have an enjoyable night. Also detracting from the gestaltiness of the meal is how cramped we all are; tuckuses sliding between tables, and postprandial jacket donning requires the moves from pages 76 and 109 of the Alvin Ailey dance compendium. And this is coming from a short skinny guy! What on earth do the obeses do?!? Whatever, not my problem. The point is, do I really need to wait for an hour-plus for (only) usually very good food consumed in a Calcutta-like slurry of tables at a breakneck speed, esp when there are other, similar, equally-as-good options not four blocks away? Meh. Probably not. So thank you, Burma Superstar, for introducing me to Burmese food. I'll take it from here.
Nothing is better than eating ethnic and Burma Superstar is the way to go!!! I'm getting hungry because its soooo yum!!We started off with the Chicken Samusas - the outside was crunchy and not too greasy. The filling had the perfect blend of curry and spice.Our main course consisted of Beef Kebat, Eggplant w/garlic sauce and the Burmese Fried rice. OMG!!! It was a delicious meal.Top top it off, we had the ginger lemonade - so refreshing!Its a great place to dine... impress your friends and family with your knowledge of good food. The reason for only 4 stars? Well, I really rate Burma Superstar as 4.5 only because there's a loooooooong wait, but its truly worth it.
I was really cranky by the time I got my food because the wait was so long. I came here a couple of months ago. I had never heard of the place and thought the name Burma SuperStar sounded like some sort of take-out window place, so my expectations were totally different than what the restaurant was. The food is good, but I guess they don't take reservations. I don't really eat anywhere that I can't eat soon so I probably won't come back in a while.
I LOVE BURMA SUPERSTAR!!! I cant say enough that the line to get in is SO well worth it! Just be prepared to put your name in and then go get a beer around the corner and all will be well. Amazing food, great service and I even got a T-Shirt!Edit: I went there last night and was forced to remove one star due to the extremely bitchy hostess. Food was still kick ass tho!
we got in line at 4:50 (dinner starts at 5:00) and got seated right away,. the pumpkin pork stew is truly, absolutely, no holds barred, one of the most delicious things i've ever tasted. sweet and tender and dripping with yumminess...*drool*the tea salad was very salty; nice to try, but not something i'd order again. everything else, though (bun tay kauswer [noodle dish], burmese style beef curry, rainbow salad), two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
The waiting time can be ridiculously long but it's worth it.Tea Leaf Salad is my personal favorite and the pumpkin shrimp is very tasty. Many other items in the menu are equally delicious (see the review below). While waiting for the table, make sure you leave your cell phone number. Then, you can browse the used book store and the fish store around the area.
I never had Burmese food before, but it was a great start!! The wait is hella long, be sure to call in and put yourself on the waiting list before you head up (give yourself an hour at least). 415-387-2147Personal Favorite: Ginger beer
i finally tried burma superstar last week! theres always a line outside the restaurant so i wanted to see what the buzz is all about.i order tea leave salad which was oka...taste like nuts and sesame oil. Some duck noodle...which was plain...the best dish i had that day was this chicken and bean curd fried rice (a bit too salty, but still good). Their food is good but nothing really special. I really don't think it's authentic burmese food. I was expecting some really good food but i left the restaurant in silence cause i was disappointed. Service is pretty good. Even though it was really busy, they were nice and attentive. A PLUS!I mean it's worth a try, but don't go in there with high expectations like i did.
Great place! I am Indian, but don't like Indian food. I know I'm a bit of an anomaly. So I was a bit worried I wouldn't like the food here, since it had the potential to be similar. The curries were a bit spicy for me, but the flavors were fantastic. The coconut rice is to die for- and I normally don't like rice. we even got a few dishes with fish sauce as an ingredient, and my friend who hates all seafood LOVED the dishes. The breads were very similar to Indian breads, and were very good as well. Nice staff, nice service, and very cheap. I will visit this place again on a future San Fran trip.
I've been trying not to review my absolute favorite restaurant in San Francisco because I'm afraid it will get even *more* crowded...but maybe they'll expand to other locations as a result? Maybe in a neighborhood a little closer to me? Here's to positive thinking!My cousins brought me here in 1997, when I visited SF for the first time. Just to give you a picture of what the restaurant used to be like: there were booths with black, plastic-covered seats and tables and hanging on the walls were those weird waterfall paintings that move. Can you say *dive*? Um yeah. Now, it's got a Cost Plus World Market makeover and looks much prettier, but the food was as fantastic then as it is today. My personal favorites:1) Coconut rice. I could eat a plate twice. You may think it's just a side dish, but you are so wrong.2) Tea leaf salad, sans shrimp flakes (they're so nice to vegetarians!)3) Sauteed pea shoots. Mm, like butter.4) Samusa soup and/or the samusas alone. Yeah, yeah, sounds like samosa and guess what? You're right. It is very similar, but I think a little better.6) Poodi. If not for the name alone. Or the t-shirt they sell to go with it: Poodi Time! So cute!7) Lychee Mint Julip! This is new-ish addition to the menu. Oh, yum, I get all a-tingle just thinking about it.8) I have to say that I've never actually tried it since I'm a vegetarian, but the Nan Gyi Dok is excellent, according to my cousin, a long-time fan.Now, as for the line. I hesitate to reveal my secret...and my tactics have improved after getting some pointers from fellow yelpers...Well, okay, here goes (but only if you give this review about a million votes for "Useful" and "Cool", promise?) What I do to get in (relatively) quickly and avoid waiting around in the cold Richmond weather is this: Since I live across the city, we call before we drive over to put our name on the list and give them a phone number so they can call us when a table is ready. Then, if we get there before the table is ready, we either go across the street to the Blue Danube and get a tea or something or to a friend's house a couple blocks away. The fine folks at Burma Superstar will call you when your table is ready. If it seems like it's taking too long (30-40 is around an average amount of time), then go back over to check your status on the list. One time when I did that, they put us in a table right away. That's right, no waiting!! ;) Amazing!
Time: 12pm, Day: Saturday; Group Size: 2One of my favorite restaurant in SF so far. For someone who is uber-critical of food and the dining experience I urge all readers to take this statement seriously!Who will say "this is heaven": You like ethnic food, no attitude service, enjoy 'home-cooking', and just pure bliss for your taste-buds. You like Thai, Indian food with lots of flavor but not necessary spicy.Why I like this: For someone who ate a lot of Burmese food when growing up (its part of my ethnicity), this is the closest to grandma's cooking! What I had/recommend: Vegetarian Egg Rolls, Burmese Samosas. My all time favorite meal in the world is "Bun Tay Kauswer" - Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry. The "Nan Gyi Dok" - Mild Coconut Chicken Ric Noodle Curry - is just amazing and would be the last meal I would order if I was on death row. If you like Indian rice rich with flavors, I suggest the "Classic Burmese" with chicken, shrimp buried in a clay pot and baked with biryani rice, raisins, and nuts. ummm...feel like going back there now just writing this review.Cons: The wait was not bad during lunch (hopefully this will not change once yelpers read this review ;) Dinner during the weekend is a painful wait so make sure you go with friends you want to catch up with as you wait in the line. The decor is basic but enough to feel cosy.
Everything was amazing. We had the Wok Roasted Calamari, Samosa Soup, and the Lamb Curry. The lamb was very tender and crazy delicious. I'm going to have a tough time trying anything else next time. You must try this place.
Warning: Very long wait! If you hate waiting for a restaurant, go someone else; there are lots of places in this neighborhood. We waited at least 2 hours for a table.You got past that warning? Call ahead! There are no reservations, but you can call before coming over to get put on the list. Also, they will take your cell phone and call when a table is about to be ready, so you can go hang out across the street at the bar while you are waiting. If you prefer to hang out in front instead, they have warn tea. These things really help make the wait OK.The service was five star. Both the waiters we talked to were very helpful and nice. They really go out of their way to help you have a great dining experience. You really can't find a better wait staff anywhere.We got the Tea Leaf Salad ($9.50), which wasn't notable in any way. Sort of "just a salad". The Pork Curry ($12.75) was fabulous! I strongly recommend it. The noodle dish Bun Tay Kauser ($9.75) was also really good. I will be getting it next time for sure. The Vegetable Curry ($10.75) was good, but not as good as the other two. We also tried their deserts. I enjoyed the Ginger Chocolate Cake ($6), but decided that main dishes are the reason that this place is so popular.
The samusa soup is one of the best things I have ever tasted.  The rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, and pea shoots are totally delicious. They have so many vegetarian options. It's hard to restrain myself from doing some serious over-ordering. Next time, I'm going for the ginger salad and tofu vegetable kebat. I have to branch out!Like most others reviewing Burma Superstar, I can't say enough about that coconut rice. It's a side dish and a dessert all in one! Delicious!Yes, there is a long wait, but it's worth it. Leave your name and cell number with the hostess, head down the street for a drink, and wait for the call!  Once you are seated, try one of their drinks (Burma Cooler, Sangria, or Lychee Julip...all yummy).
Unlike most of these reviews, if you want a taste minus the wait, might I suggest going on Sunday at 11:30am. This is when I went this past Sunday and we were the 3rd group in - no wait, great service, and deliciously hot and steaming food for a party of 6.The Burmese Samusas were delicious. Most Samosas I've had were wrapped in a thicker (thus greasier) shell, but Burma Superstar uses a pastry type flaky shell that brings out the flavor of the filling alot better. You don't need too much of the sauce, but the sauce does have a really nice tangy taste.The tea leaf salad was definitely different (a good different). It's mixed at your table with a brief explanation of the many ingredients. If you eat it slowly enough, you can actually taste each of the ingredients. We followed with the Moh Hings Catfish Chowder, which wasn't a particular favorite of mine. The broth had a slight seafood flavor to it, but perhaps it was because I was expecting more a thick chowder-type fish taste, but instead it was more like a noodle soup with broth.The Vegetarian Superstar Noodles are served more cold than at room temperature as they claim. They taste sort of like a noodle salad with peanut sauce, but if you add a dash of lime, it's very refreshing to your palate after you've eaten the other spicy foods. On a waitress recommendation, we also tried the Nan Gyi Dok noodles. They were flat rice noodles in a very mild curry sauce that is really creamy and flavorful. This was probably the most popular dish at the table.The Lamb Curry was pretty good and not too gamey. The meat was very tender, but I wish they had put in a little bit more potato.We tried two of the rices, the coconut rice and tan poi basmati rice. Out of the two, I'm a bigger of fan of the stickier coconut rice because it absorbs the sauces of the curry and noodles a little bit better.
The southeast asian food here was SUPER delish!! We got the samosas and tea leaf salad, yum!!! you wouldn't expect tea leaves to taste like that.yummy! We also had beef curry...spicy noodles...and I'm not sure what the last entree was. I just remember everything tasted stupendous! It's not heavy but it does fill you up. The only bad thing about this place is the wait. We got there at 9pm and didn't sit down until 10pm. The take last orders at 9:45pm, so if you really wanted to, you can come at 9:40 and order your food, and by the time you sit down, your food is good and ready to eat. Definitely recommend this place! two thumbs up! I would recommend the restaurant owners to either buy out the retail place next door so they can make room for all their guests, or look for a bigger retail space so the wait time isn't so long. Happy eating!
Do not believe the hype. I live in the area and always am amazed at how many people are standing in line to eat there, even on a Monday night. Cheap eat, sure- but then again, there are a ton of cheap (and better) eats on Clement... The food- blah, nothing to write home about, esp when compared to other Burmese places (read: Golden Mandalay on California and 6th) in the area. The ambience: downright awful, SO loud and SO cramped- it's honestly as if you are eating dinner with the people sitting adjacent to you, so don't expect any privacy or personal space. You're also dealing with people hovering over you as they wait for your table, so it's not a 'relaxing' meal by any means. The service: also pretty bad. It took us a good ten, fifteen minutes to get our check after we were finished, and our water glasses consistently were empty and we had to ask for refills. Went there once (the wait wasn't that long back then) and we have never gone back- there are sooo many other great eats in the area (ie: Minh's Garden, Giorgio's, etc.) I don't see why people are vying for seats at that place....
Pass. Skip it. Salt, salt, salt, salt. What flavors? Samusa soup - mediocre with leftover broken samusa appetizers in the salt broth. Folks must be coming here starving - appetite is the best seasoning. Pass. Skp it. MSG? Mabe - I have a headache. Must have ordered the wrong things - pass. Too much for what it is - pass.
yup.. still love it!
My boyfriend and I had a good experience here yesterday. We walked in, were seated within 15 minutes and ordered. We started with the vegetarian samusas, which were fried but still tasty. Then my boyfriend's dish came out, which was Lemongrass Salmon. It was AWESOME! The coconut rice that we ordered with it was a nice compliment to the fish and the string beans.Then my order came. I had requested the Chili Lamb. The menu stated that it was 'medium spicy'. The waiter said that '60% of the people who order it can't eat it.' I should have listened to him. MEDIUM SPICY AT THIS PLACE IS THE SPICIEST I'VE EVER HAD. I don't blame Burma Superstar at all; I blame my stubborness and my weak-ass stomach.Next time I come to eat I'll take the advice of the wait staff and order something that better fits my weakling-stomach.
Always, always, always order the green tea salad and the samusa soup. Never, ever, ever go there on a weekend or in the evening and expect to wait less than 45 minutes. The rest of the food is good, nothing spectacular, but you could just have the soup and salad and die happy as well.
Oh my gawd so good! Yes there is always a line around dinner time, but you can order take out, and the meal is just as divine as dining in. If you don't want to wait long, try getting there before 6pm, and you might luck out and get a quick seat. After six, get ready to go across the street to blue danube and enjoy a drink while you wait for them to call you on your cell phone to let you know that your table is ready. It's worth it! Try the vegetarian samusa soup, so yummy.
Wow! Had the fermented tea leaf salad and the spicy lamb! Amazing! What a great service and value too. You will have a bit of a wait because a lot of people have seemed to have discovered this place. Would HIGHLY recommend. Can't wait to try a few other locations to see if they are as good.
excellent. The wait is LONG, but worth it. What a treat! All the reviews are right, it is so yummy. I took my kids there, and even the sesame chicken, which was the only non-spicy dish they had, was amazingly good - it ended up being one of the adults' favorite dishes! The tea leaf salad is unique and definitely worth trying.
They say some things in life are better when you have to wait. I'm not sure if that applies to restaurants on Monday night. Supposedly if you come before 6:30 PM you can get a seat. If not, you have to get on the list and go play pool at the RockIt room until almost 10 PM.But then you will be knocked out by the amazing food. Patience, grasshopper...?
Spectacular Americanized Asian food. Long lines so get there early. Tea leaf salad is exotic. Crispy spicy chicken is the best interpretation of lemon chicken I've ever had. And the superstar noodles is delicious.
Just rocks. Incredible food with attentive, witty and delightful staff. They are humble, yet confident in their top notch offerings.Very long waiting list and no reservations, but... thats ok, just leave your phone number on the list and go have a couple drinks at a local bar. They will call you when your table is ready!
i've been meaning to try this place forever especially after seeing the long lines they always seem to have + a friend of mine saying that it was his favorite restaurantso after all the great things i've heard about burmese food from a chinese girl who grew up in burma + eats burmese food at home + works at burma superstar, we finally got a chance to try it out and i was pleasantly satisfiedshe told us to definitely get the coconut rice + the mango salad...i could not get enough of the coconut rice and the mango salad was interesting but very tasty...i've never had mangoes in that manner before (pickled and sliced very thin)...the salad was really great and i really could've just had that and the coconut rice alonewe also ordered:- burmese beef curry- a pork belly dish - spicy chicken with basil (which was recommended by our server for a spicy dish, but was not spicy at all especially for a korean girl like me)- the coconut chicken rice noodle curry (i think we could've gone without this, but some of the ppl wanted to try it out after seeing our neighboring table eating it)yum! i hunger just thinking about it! i'll be back again for sure
Love the food and good atmosphere! Try the tea leaf salad and the Curry Pumpkin Stew!!
I was warned ahead of time about the restaurants lack of reservation system and had anticipated a wait. We were told that we had an hour wait and were promptly called to be informed our table was ready after that hour. My girlfriend and I started off with the Burmese Samusas and the Vegetarian Samusa soup. The soup was so flavorful with just the right amount of spiciness to compliment it. Our waiter was extremely friendly and recommended some excellent entrees for us (Pork Curry with Potatoes!). Overall a really great place that I will definitely come back to. My only grip is that they only have one restroom and it's not the most pleasant.
Too expensive for Burmese food. And it's a tourist/ hipster trap.If you're dying to be a hipster, go here. Wait in line for the mediocre food. Seriously, $15 for lunch? Doesn't that sound ridiculous? It seems like people who don't know Asian food love love love this place. I love Asian food, and the food was *okay* but certainly not worth the money and time spent.
this place needs michelin star. The service is ridiculously good, given how crowded they are and then there's the food. Awesomness.
I love this place, although please note I am vegetarian and really only eat the samoosa soup, broccoli, pea shoots and coconut rice. Any one I know who has had their meat and other dishes have loved it.The worst thing is the wait. You can actually call and your put you name on over the phone so try that.
Rainbow Crack Salad. Ginger Crack Lemonade. Samusa Crack Soup. I dream about this food, people. When I leave on a long trip for work, I come right here on day or two I get back to remind myself to never leave because you'd be too damn far for Burma Superstar.If you want a table within the next millenium do NOT come here for dinner. A wait for an hour ought to involve a back massage and free drinks. By all means, come for lunch, a little before noon or after 2 and you'll be good to go. Once 6 comes, expect the wait. Parking is ass, so be patient, people. And yes the cell phone thing is important too, but don't be a dumbass like me and not get the call because your phone was on too low and wonder what happened. Wait across the street at the Danube cafe and have some coffee. The one night we waited there was a comedian and he was thoroughly funny. That just makes dinner better.BTW: spice phobics make sure you tell them how spicy is spicy because you might get tore up with the red peppers the Burmese love like there's no other.
Incredible !..... the food is delicious and the decor is pleasant and interesting. The service is quick and friendly. It was my first time eating burmese food and I was very impressed my fav's are the tea leaf salad and the chicken bean sauce with taro root ... so darn yummy ....
damn tasty
Amazing! I was introduced to this place yesterday by my buddy from work and it was the best meal I've had all year! The Rainbow Salad was delicious with so many different flavors and textures with every bite - tangy, crispy, fresh, sweet, salty, crunchy - YUMMY! I also had the Nan Gyi Dok, which is a rice noodle dish tossed with a Coconut Chicken Curry sauce - unlike any other curry dish I'd ever had. If I could've licked the plate at the restaurant, I would've - but I didn't want to freak out my coworkers or the other patrons. I had a euphoric feeling the rest of the day and couldn't stop talking about how delicious the food was. I raved about it all night and my husband was bummed out that I didnt' bring leftovers for him.... Sorry honey, guess I'll just have to take you there soon!
FINALLY.After a cruel eternal wait, I have finally, finally, finally dined at Burma SuperStar. Months of talking and fantasizing; a very disappointing visit to B Star Bar; promises by friends who regaled its cuisine--was it worth it?Here's the thing: it was great, but it wasn't worth the freezing wait of an hour and half in cool Richmond weather. What surprised me was that we already had a reservation, but despite this fact we still had to wait an ungodly amount of time. I think that's just plain wrong, especially since we got there early.So, a huge deduction for the nasty wait.Now, to the food; I've never had true Burmese so I can't really judge with prior culinary knowledge, but I do know this--Burma SuperStar IS NOT the only Burmese dive in town. Since it's opening other smaller Burmese places have sprouted up, so it's a lie that they are the one and only catering this fare. (Note to self, must try Yamo)What I found most memorable were the salads--we had both Rainbow and the famous Tea Leaf. Both were excellent, but the Tea Leaf was very unique. My palette enjoyed something new while STILL being delectable and savory. Without a doubt, as many other reviews have stated, these are THE must orders that you need to try on a first visit.Our party of 6 ordered the two aforementioned salads, two appetizers (calamari and samosa-like items; pass on the calamari, thumbs up for the samosas), and six main entree dishes. Of the six entrees the most memorable had to be a pumpkin curry, while the least memorable would be the mango beef. Overall though, they were excellently executed. Since we had so much food to go around, we functioned the dinner as family style--there really is no other way to eat food here than family style. The more people, the better; a single dish is overwhelming, so it's good to order as much as possible in order to sample and balance the flavors a bit better.With everyone getting some kind of alcoholic beverage (the lychee soju thing is recommended), each person's cost came to about $40.So, this would've been a 4 if not for the wait. Wait staff was excellent, food definitely had it's moments and was generally praise-worthy, but this would not be my first choice for food given the torture line.
I want to give Burma SuperStar five stars but the last few times my beloved coconut rice has been over cooked. Why, we use to have such a beautiful thing?I won't complain about the wait but I hope you have some shopping/coffee drinking to do on Clement before dinner. It's not so bad because they'll call your cell phone with a heads up to come back.Try the Tea Leaf Salad, mango chicken and sesame beef or really anything else. I miss you coconut rice.
You really don't need to eat here. Trust me. Just don't go here anymore. The line is too long and there are too many of you. And by "you" I mean people filling up the tables and eating the food who aren't me. Which is just wrong. Shame on all of you.
Delish, delish. Run do not walk to this restaurant.It is worth the (time) wait in gold.I have yet to have such delicious delights since.The samosa soup is delish, delish, delish.Bravo!
This is one of the inner richmond's gems! I love this place. I've had a few things on the menu, and everything was very tasty. I tell my friends to come here.
This is my favorite restaurant in the whole world. The tea leaf salad is INCREDIBLE. So is nan gyi doke. The lemon-grass salmon is amazing. So is the poodi. Yeah, these days the prices are higher and you have to wait in line to get in. Why? Because it's that good! Deal with it! :) (I used to go there in '99 - '00 when it was cheap as heck and empty of customers... Ah, the good ol' days...)
5 stars, except for the wait. The food was magnificent and the service was amazing. The host was very nice, but we were quoted 1 hour and we waited 2...But if you have the time to wait, it is well worth it!! We heard about this on 7x7's 100 Things to try of 2010 (Tea Leaf Salad was the req.). There were only 2 of us, but we wanted plenty of leftovers. We ordered:-Tea Leaf Salad (must have!!)-Wok Roasted Calamari (great flavors, but NOT DEEP FRIED so we didn't enjoy it as much as we had anticipated)-Burma Traditional Rice Salad-Citrus Chicken with Peanut Sauce-Braised Pork Belly with Mustard Greens-Platha (naan meets pancake)-1/2 btl ReislingWe will order everything again (except get Salt and Pepper Calamari next time)! The host recommended the Pork Belly and it was phenomenal. Oh, let's not forget... bill was only $84, including wine and tax.We don't write many reviews. This place must be shared!P.S. heard there was another restaurant by the same owner that does take reservations (B-Star).
If it weren't for their delicious and unique menu items - this restaurant would be about average. Average service & average decor. Very busy and doesn't take reservations....but in the end, the food won me over & that's my primary concern when going out to eat.
Out of my way, but I was finally convinced to try Burma SuperStar last night. My friend was afraid she may have overhyped the food, but I'm not sure it's possible to do that with Burma SuperStar. The food was fantastic. I normally eat meat, but went with a bunch of vegetarians so we ordered veggie dishes. I didn't miss the meat one bit. Like other people have said, the tea leaf salad is not to be missed. We also started with the samusa soup (how they keep the samusa's crispy in the soup is one of the great wonders of the world). We had quite a few main dishes. I have a hard time remembering specifically what they were, but everything was great. As for the wait--bring your cell phone and give them your number. Then go grab a beer at one of the many bars in the area. They will call you on your cell when your table is ready. It's not really that bad, and the food is worth it.
I challenge anyone not to love this place--inventive, flavorful Burmese cuisine served in an intimate location at reasonable prices. The only downside is the inevitable waits (even if you call ahead), but seeing as how my wife and I, together or with friends/family, have sat outside in the Richmond cold so many times, it's obviously worth it. Definitely a neighborhood gem.
I remember when this place was a little dive with Formica tables and photocopied menus. Back then the food was awesome and it felt like a secret place that few people had discovered. Wow, how things have changed!The food is exactly the same, but the the place has been fancied up, including much nicer tables, and tasteful menus. The dirt cheap prices are gone too.The first time I had to wait an hour to be seated, and then another 30 minutes for service, I was shocked. What happened to my little secret restaurant?Now it's turned into a nice restaurant with great service. Not to be missed is the tea leaf salad, which everyone I have ever taken there has loved. it's unlike anything else you have ever had.The rest of the food is amazing! Burmese is a mix between Chinese food and Indian food, but I strongly recommend the items that are genuinely Burmese, which have an asterisks next to them. I've never tried a Burmese dish that wasn't a taste sensation.As noted in other reviews, the wait can be long, but they will take your cell # and call you, so you can go have a cocktail elsewhere, or just explore the strange little Asian markets and assorted stores, bars and restaurants.Also, this is an awesome place to take people from out of town who have palates that are a little exploratory because they will not ever have had anything like this.i go here on a regular basis and it's always great.
The place is always packed...so one day I decided to try it out. My friends and I were so hungry as we waited 40 minutes for our table. Shoot..I was so damn happy that I was able to grab a seat while waiting for our table..cuz there's absolute no standing room in that small restaurant. Anyways, we finally got our table and it was a window seat too!! So we're chowing down on our delicious food while loads of people were standing out side in the cold. Boy, did I feel bad for them...but then I forgot all about it as we continued to eat our dinner.If it wasn't for the long wait all the time, I would go there more often. The food is good, but it's not worth more than an hours' wait.
I'm all over it. Went here with a group of friends, ordered the tea leaf salad, the rainbow salad, the samusa soup, the coconut rice, the chili lamb, the mango chicken, the pumpkin shrimp, the fried green beans, the fried bread, and some burma cooler. It was life-altering delicious. The wait was like 2 hours but my dude has the hostess' main number so our name was added right to the list while we went and had coffee elsewhere. I'm craving it now...
Be prepared to waitand waitand then be told that you have to do takeoutthis didn't happen to me per say... but I did see it happenI don't like using geekspeak, but OMFGDFG, it's so good. It's very rare in a restaurant where you can order by blindly pointing at words on a menu and feel confident you're going to have one seriously flavorilicious meal. I've been there twice, nearly not enough, but good nonetheless. Their appetizers are soooo goood, I don't really need to recommend any dishes because it doesn't matter, you just go there, know what you feel ilke eating(pork, beef, everything) and just order to your hearts content. This is a place where its fun to experiment.And you know what? it's freakin cheap too! we're talking affordable for the whole college crew and family. Just be prepared to wait, unless you come early for dinner, say...like 3, just kidding, 2:30I'm serious. -1 star for the wait, but only because I want my burma fix now, so it's like a positive minus star.
This place offers unique Burmese dishes at very affordable prices. The tea leaf salad and the vegetarian samusas were excellent. The beef curry offered tender chunks of beef, but the flavor of the curry was not mind-boggling. I ate the curry with the coconut rice, which was quite good. The catfish chowder was a bit disapointing; the broth was tasty, but there were way too many noodles, and I didn't see a single chunk of catfish in the entire bowl.This place is quite small and does not take reservations, so arrive ahead of time, leave your name and cellphone number, rome around inner Richmond, and wait until they call you to come back.
Favorite place to bring friends from out of town. The food is unique and tasty. The service is always nice. The prices are fine. Wish I didn't have to wait so long to get a table.. but I guess that's what happens when a place this small serves food this good. What's always worked out for me: put your name and cell phone number on the list to get a table, then go accross the street to the cafe and plan on having a couple of drinks there before your table is ready.
Love love love this food. I recommend the Tea Leaf salad -- it was unlike anything I'd eaten before (this was my first time trying Burmese food). The ginger lemonade is also quite tasty. I went for lunch on a Tuesday and it was pretty crowded, but it seemed only difficult to get a table if you had more than 2 people -- since I was with just one other person, we were seated almost immediately. Service was perhaps slightly slow since it was so busy, but we weren't left thirsty or with empty glasses.Very excellent overall, I highly recommend it.
Bahahahah....bahahahahah...You hear that? That's the sound of mindless sheep heading towards the feeding trough - and for one night, I was one of them as I waited two hours for the privilege of eating Myanmarian cuisine. After two hours of starvation and two pitchers of Sangria, I could have eaten a booger salad with a tall glass of tepid urine and it would have been the best meal of my life (I think this is the same strategy that The Cheesecake Factory uses).Yes, the rainbow salad was excellent and unique but everything else was a slightly better than average Chinese or Indian dish.We rounded out the meal with Superstar Shrimp, Pork and Potato Curry, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, and Rice Noodles with Duck. Nothing aside from the Rainbow salad really stood out, and if I want it again I'll do take-out.Here little piggies...here little piggies...
Amazing food!! i love this place and also love that you can call and put your name on the list so you don't have to wait there. We had the tea cups (awesome), samosas, coconut rice, spicy and sweet chicken, and brocolli. All were delicious. Well worth the wait and we will return for sure. Thank you burma superstar!!!
with 2800+ reviews, everything has already been said. loved the coconut rice. i'll be back
Worth the wait? Well I suppose that depends how badly you're craving a warm savory bowl of samusa soup. Clement Street is awfully cold and windy most of the time, so the longer the wait the better that soup starts sounding. The best part is it never disappoints! When I come to Burma Superstar I look forward to the soups and salads more than main dishes. The entrees are definitely solid, but the starters are simply stellar. I would give it a five if it wasn't for the lackluster finish and the long wait.
I'm not sure what all the hype is about here. The food is totally average at best, especially for burmese food. Mostly flavorless, and extremely greasy. We had the mushu wraps, sumusa soup, tea leaf salad, and mint chicken. The salad and chicken dishes were incredibly greasy, even for asian/stir fried cuisine. Service was excellent . We waited about 30 minutes to be seated. I can't figure out why this place is so highly rated, seems like people in this neighborhood need to venture out more. I would give it a 6 out of 10, maybe a 6.5. Lackluster cuisine, and not cheap. Look elsewhere.
Food and service was amazing. First time here and first time having Burmese food. The tea leaf salad and coconut rice was so flavorful. Great place for a group of friends to meet up. Getting hungry again just thinking about it.....
Definately a destination you need to add to your itinerary the next time you're in the Bay Area.I would call this place an extreme adventure for your taste buds because there is so much going on! And quite different from anything I've had. The dishes are full of flavor, mostly an eccentric mix of asian spices, since i'm use to the Southeast Asian flavors of Canton. Here, you'll find a mix of all sorts of asian cooking, including Indian influences.Try the Tea Salad, which is basically a chop salad cross with trail mix (seads), and a tea leaf mixture. If i could only remember all the names of the dishes we had, I would. But I really don't. So do order up a storm, and stay close with anything that's marked a favorite or specialty of theirs and you'll be leaving happy.
went here for the 3rd time, did take out again,I had the lemongrass salmon, samusa soup and tan poi.The samusa soup is not good. Do not get it, its probably one of the worst soups I've had, the flavor is ok and the stuff they put in- falafel/samusa pieces were super sparse and did not add much. Proportion wise it was 5 parts soup:1 part falafel/samusa/cabbage/onion/bean. So if you like soup like that, you might like this.The tan poi was excellent, better than I remember.And the salmon was very good. Nice and crisp crust with moist inside, not sure what they use to crisp it without burning it, I would do that with all my salmon if I knew how. And the sauce they glaze it with was very good. Also, the filet was maybe 1.5x the size you would see at most other restaurants.total $32
We ate here around 3pm on a Sunday, the wait was 15min. And our meal was fabudelishhhhh.We had the Tea leaf salad, lovely. The Ginger beer, wow, refreshing.The Samusas, crunchy and perfectly seasoned.The rest of the meal, was super fresh and really really yummy.I will be back!
My girlfriend raved about this place, so I was looking forward to trying it. We just barely beat a huge 7pm crowd in, and only had to wait about 15 minutes for a (drafty) table.I wasn't all that impressed. I kept waiting for the Tea Leaf Salad to "explode with flavor". Perhaps mine needed more steeping? Not sure. It was interesting, but not that interesting.The Pork Curry with Potatoes was very good, but it wasn't sufficiently differentiated from any Thai or Indian curry dish to be of note.The Tofu Tower... eh. I like tofu, but I found this a bit boring.Not bad, I'll give it another shot.
#17on Big Eat SF.... tea leaf saladsalad = ehhhcoconut jasmine rice = AMAZING with whatever you eat it with, or just inhale it by itself!! mmmmmmmm
Really great burmese food! Kind of a cross between chinese and indian food. A burmese friend says that it's not the most authentic though. Its always super busy and at dinner time, expect a 1 hour wait....yes, its THAT busy. They don't take reservations, only a wait list. If you're not starving, this is well worth the wait. I've had lots of dishes on the menu, some favs are the coconut/lemongrass soup, samosas and def. add Paratha (fried pan bread) to every meal! 3 stars because the prices are moderate-higher priced, and the service is kinda slow since its such a small place with so many people in it--kinda cramped
My first time trying Burmese food and Burma Superstar definitely stepped up to the plate.
This place is super star, rock star, whatever. Their tea leaf salad was the best salad i have ever had in my life. Service was perfect and even better, we got seated right away--our friend told us this place has usually i line--I can see why!
this was my first intro to burmese 101...and like a good persian restaurant only can, my buds were deeply satisfied.their combination of spices, fresh herbs and mixed cultural cuisine was citing perfect tomes in my tummy.samusas - crisp and perfectly balanced with potatoes curry and a hint of chickentea leaf salad was different but savory and fresh with great texturesrainbow salad, though a famed dish, wasn't my fave as i thought the fish sauce too overwhelming...but everyone else at table loved itfried tofu...fresh but easy to find elsewhereburmese curry with beef seriously broke my mouth and i could i not stop myself from scraping dish bottom...i don't even think i could duplicate the way the beef melted in the creaminess of the currycoconut rice...fluffy fresh and steaming...wasn't dry or overly sweet...perfection!pea shoots in garlic was the vegetable of choice and rounded out our meal..crisp, not overdone and faintly salted.2 days later and i'm waiting for our take out as i type...yes, it is that good!
one of the jewels of sf eateries on a famous street where restaurants are a-plenty... berma superstar will make your palate and tummy VERY happy. i recommend the tea leaf salad (the owner goes to BURMA and collects these leaves for the restaurant.... talk about special delivery), the mango beef OR beef or lamb curry. definitely wont be sorry - and YOU CANT GO WRONG having helpings of coconut rice.  that is just making my mouth water thinking about it.  cons: a minimum 2 hour wait when its busy. / the place can get crowded. / i hate sitting by the door.  but thats about it, its totally a SF treat
I love burma superstar. Eating it has a tendency to make my stomach hurt, but as the food lover that I am, this doesn't taint my feelings for the restaurant. I suggest calling to put your name on the list before you go, or going for lunch
started out amazing ended on a less than amazing note. we went, per the yelpers helpers, with the samusa soup, that was probably the best soup i have had. the tea leaf salad was also probably the best salad i have ever eaten, i loved the nutty crunch goodness it had to offer, yummy. next we had some coconut rice which was very tasty rice, and would probably counter a very spicy dish, very well. then we went with the chicken casserole with cardamom . this was a bummer of a finish. it just didnt keep to the same level of quality of the other dishes. if i had left off after the soup, salad, and rice, i would have given this place a 5 star rating. we waited about 45 minutes for a table of 4 on a sunday night, not too bad. if you get the 3 things i mentioned, you will be very happy.
I was really excited to eat here since I saw it featured on KRON once. The wait will piss you off, but don't get discouraged. Take your ticket and promenade. A courteous/knowledgable staff and exotic Burmese flavor await you.The Tea salad was my favorite and it's one of their signature dishes.
Came to Burma for dinner on a Tuesday night, we had a table for 4 and we still waited 45 min! It's a super popular restaurant and the wait is worth it. You put name + cell phone on the list and they call you when your table is ready. We indulged in the Good Earth drink, made with soju, soymilk and cinnamon. It was very yummy. We ordered my friend's favorite soup for the table - Vegetarian Samusa Soup: samusas, falafals, lentils, cabbage and onions. It was very thick, almost like a curry. I thought it was a bit too salty but regardless, it was still yummy. I had the Burmese Style Curry with lamb. It was filling and not spicy. I also tried the Coconut Rice: jasmine rice cooked with coconut milk. My friend had the Beef Kebat and it was amazing, the beef was extremely tender and melted in your mouth. It was a very delicious meal. I'm not how authentic the food was and it seems kinda pricey for what it is. It's a fun experience with a group of friends.
The food is awesome! I've brought people here who never had burmese food and they have always had a great experience. I always recommend the tea leaf salad, get coconut rice, and try a bunch of new dishes every time! However, the wait is annoying. If you get there and then waiting list...expect an hour wait. If you don't feel like waiting, go for lunch or call ahead for the waiting list. The lunch service is great and the dinner RUSH is crazy. Parking isn't so hot either.
Great food! We took a chance and let the waiter pick our dinner for the night and it was a great idea. The Tea Leaf salad was very delicious. The drinks are so so (best to just stick with a beer). If it is a weekend night, make sure to call in advance for reservations.
Burma Superstar is heaven on Earth! The waits can be ridiculous but the staff is very friendly and are always happy to oblige me and my 12 closest friends at the round table. I love the Rainbow and Tea Leaf Salads and the Ginger Beer is quite good, too. You can't leave the city without going here at least once!
I love this place. It gets kind of crowded during dinner so I would suggest to call ahead of time(about 45 mins beforehand) to be put in the wait list. The Tea Leaf salad is awesome. The vegetarian samusa soup is pretty good as well.
Party in my mouth!!!
We ordered take-out. The food was very good -- some dishes were at the 4 star level. Sesame chicken, coconut rice, eggplant, mango beef, vegetarian samusa soup, rainbow salad--all quite tasty, fair portions, and the service wasn't too slow. The soup and the salad were the best of what we ordered. The mango beef? It would have been nice to have had ripe mango, not junks of hard and fibrous mango. And the thai ice teas we ordered? Oh, wait, they didn't give us them, even though they charged us for them! My bro- and sis- in-laws tell me they do that all the time. Shame of them! Three stars for you!
BurmaSS was my first experience with Burmese food.It was awesome!! I love this restaurant it's interesting food, great location and lively atmosphere. Pros:1. Awesome food. Rainbow salad is The BEST. It has so many different flavors that I've never tasted in one mouthful. It's a party in my mouth! The mango chicken was great. It had lots of mango chunks and a nice chili sauce. The eggplant with garlic sauce was really good too! And who doesn't love coconut rice! Yum!2. Great location. It can get chilly in SF so waiting outside sucks. But if you leave your number you can walk around clement st and chill out at the Blue Danube, or grab some Japanese candy at Genki or walk a little further and browse for some books at Green Apple Books.Cons1. It's crowded. It's hard to have a decent conversation because there are so many people squished next to you.2. The wait. Man, the wait is brutal. Make sure to have you cell on you so you don't have to wait in the cold. Go across the street and get some coffee.3. Parking. It's SF. There's never parking. What else is new.Overall a great place for food, folks, and fun!
My favorite spot in SF so far, the tea leaf salad appears so simple, but tastes so amazing.
I think I'll call it Burma NoStars!The service was almost as cold as my noodles. The food was poorly prepared. The garlic noodles were over cooked and the curry chicken was undercooked and both sat ignored for a while before making their way to our table. Trying to get a glass of water is probably easier in a Burmese bus stop too! I always thought the long lines at night meant this place rocked, sheesh what a let down.On a Friday afternoon when the place is half full, I left feeling completely empty.
This is one of my all time favorite restuarants! And that says a lot having been a SF resident for 20+ years. I have regular cravings for the chicken dahl with coconut rice, and the tea salad. I suggest going for lunch on a weekday to avoid the extremely long wait for dinner. Although they will call your cell phone if you want to wander down the street to Green Apple Books while you are waiting.
Food: The food here is good but I wouldn't stand out in the cold for more than 10 minutes to get in here. Some dishes I have tried are the lettuce cups, samosas, and the basil chicken. The dishes were okay but I wasn't extremely overwhelmed or impressed with any of them. I wouldn't mind trying some other dishes next time.Price: Dishes are about $15 and under and the meal is served family style.Location: Located on Clement near Genki! Thats how I always remember where it is. Parking can be tough but usually before 6 there is parking.Service: I've never been impressed by the service here. My empty water glass is never filled quickly enough and the waiters here need more training and people skills.Atmosphere: Definitely a crowded restaurant. I wish they would expand since they get so freakin busy. Theres also a round table in the back where if you're lucky enough, you'll get to dine with other pairs! yay!
I practically used to live here when I lived in SF. I love the Tea Leaf Salad, Nan Gyi Dok, Samosa Soup, Coconut Rice, Pratha, Cocount Rice, Coconut Smoothies (I think they stopped doing these a while ago). Burmese food here is like a blend of Thai and Indian, 2 of my other favorite foods. My Burmese/Chinese friend turned me on to this place long ago, before the hype and right when the newer owners took over and renovated it. It was much easier to get in before the hype got out, so lunch is the best time now if you don't want to wait.
Just had lunch (sesame beef and coconut rice) here with a friend. The service was great (quick to refill our waters) and our food came out within 5 minutes... hot and ready to eat!I should have gone with the tea leaf salad or one of their more popular dishes, but I let my stomach serve as my guide. The sesame beef was lightly fried and very sweet... reminded me an awful lot of Panda Express. I still haven't figured out if this is a good thing or not!My friend had the chicken curry with the tan poi rice. I tried a little bit of this and liked it a lot. Not a fan of bone-in chicken dishes, but this was very good.For all of the people willing to wait for 2 hours to eat dinner here, I guess I was expecting a little more from Burma SuperStar. The food was good, but very average. I might be willing to try other things on the menu that would warrant a return trip, but I would certainly not be willing to wait for more than 15-20 minutes for a table!
one of my fav's in SF for sure...and it has been for awhile. getting there is early is a must, as is giving them your cellphone number to let you know a table's ready. once you finally get in...could take a long, LONG time...there will be no regret.catfish chowder and the different salads have to be their specialties...samosas are great as well. reasonable price, excellent food...definitely worth the wait for me.
Tea leaf salad is freaking awesome here. I love this place. Remember you cannot get the tea leaf anywhere here in the bay area unless you have a friend that is heading out to Burma anytime soon. Try also the Ginger Beer Cooler YUMMY! :)
You know it's good when it's comparable to your mom's cooking. I've had the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, chicken and vegetarian samosas, sesame chicken, spicy and crispy chicken, chicken dahl, shrimp curry, lamb curry, nan gyi dok, see jyet kauswer, okra egg curry, and moh hinga. With all this food, you would expect at least one thing to be bad, but nope. It's all so delicious.It's a little pricey for something I can eat at home, but home isn't always in my grasp, so this place is happy little reminder.
This is my second time coming and I enjoyed the food, but it is not the "oh man, I need to come back tomorrow" good. Maybe it has to do with the long wait (one hour wait despite calling in advance), a slightly pricier menu, and a smaller portioned plate. Plus, this place is cramped and you have to flag down a waiter to take your order.My party had a lot of dishes and we did family style. The tea salad admittingly is pretty unique and good, but it might be slightly an acquired taste. The chili lamb was not as hot as the wait made it out to be, but the meat was so tender and soft. The chicken dahl was flavorful, but could have been more tender. The green beans were really tasty with a slight kick of spiciness in it and the eggplant was done just right. We had many other dishes, but I do not remember their names (shrimp pumpkin curry? sesame pork? other curries?) and they were decent for the most part.I like the food, but when you factor in the parking, waiting, price, and portion of food, it was not worth it for me. I found out you can get take-out. I might try that to avoid the crowd.
Finally braved the two hour Friday night wait to eat here and it was worth every minute...We got the samusas, samusa soup, rainbow salad, chili lamb, a tofu dish, coconut and basmati rice with a pitcher of the lemon ginger beer. Everything totally rocked, but the chili lamb should come with a warning. It was HOT. And I'm no wimp when it comes to hot stuff. Seriously. It was REALLY REALLY hot. There was also a few gristly pieces in there, but the flavor was good. I would probably try something else next time but no complaints.The tofu with mushrooms and peppers was amazing, savory bliss. The rainbow salad was excellent, and samusas and samusa soup were both totally bomb. I would definitely order both again next visit. The lemon ginger beer was alright but I would probably just get plain old beer next time. Seemed like there was an awful lot of ice in theat 17$ pitcher. All in all though it was a great value. With 20% tip our tab came to under 100$ for four people and we were all stuffed.Definitely one of the most distinctive, memorable culinary experiences I've had in the city. We'll be going back for sure.
I left off the star because often the wait is ridiculously long and the space itself is soo small. However, the food is freakin' fantastic here. I had dreams about the samosa soup after having it here for the first time. Burmese food seems to be such a yummy mixture of Indian, Thai, and Chinese food all fused together to form a unique Burmese cuisine, and this place does it right.Everything I have had here has been great, especially the salads. If you don't want the hassle of waiting for a looong time, you might want to try lunch or very early dinner, as soon as it opens.
I love eating at Burma SuperStar but for some reason I didnt enjoy the San Francisco location. I usually go to Oakland or Alameda and the food is GREAT! But I was in the city and decided to try it it was terrible the portions were smaller and the sauce for the calamari was watered down. I will not be eating at that location again.
This place is over rated. The food is about 3 stars because of the noise, crowded room and the notorious wait it got a down grade to 2 stars which means if I have to come with friends I will but if I have any say into this I won't come back,I have eatten well at home cooked Burmese food so Burmese is not a curiosity to me.  Everytime, I pass by this joint, there seem to be a line outside its door like the food is free. what's wrong with you people?I was shock that the entrees are price around $10 and up. Its not a big portion but just enough for Asian appetite. The decors are OK authetic Burmese but why is it so cramped? I think if the space is bigger and ambiance better then it can justified the price range. Service was good and the food is fresh and flavorful. Burmese is a nitch that is hard to fill because you can go over board with the curry and it becomes Indian or too mild it becomes Chinese food, too much spice or fish sauce it turns into Thai so Burmese food is a balancing act.  Since the dictatorial government is still in power, to get to Burma and sample some authentic dish is almost impossible for most.  I say if you don't mind the price and the wait you will like BSS a lot. Jump into the tea leaves salad and chicken curry noodles with no hesitations.I must say I got spoil by the sisters at Yamo at Mission St. where the food is cheap and the wait is shorter yet still tasty Burmese.
Took my grandparents here when they came into town. Amazing food and service. I definitely recommend.
Some of the best burmese/thai food I've had. The wait to get a table is always too long for dinner but it's worth it and in general the service is speedy gonzalez fast.Don't leave without trying dessert, the whole meal is just fantastic. It's cheap too.
Totally overrated reviews. Not worth the wait. The food is fine...but just not all it's been built up to be.
Yum Yum Yum!!!!  I've been here twice now with my girlfriend. She introduced me to this place.  l love the food here. Tea leaf salad is super good. Then, get Somosa's on the side, along with coconut rice. Also, add a ginger beer to the mix. I forgot what we ordered as a main dish, but I remember it was good. I've only been here twice, so I have to try more dishes. The best thing to do is to call and make a reservation because this place gets crowded quick, especially on the weekends. But, I highly recommend!!!! It's got the Kaya stamp of approval!!!! so, you must go now!
Burma Superstar is one of the better restaurants in San Francisco. The variety of food is great. I especially like the 10 ingredient salad, samosas, and the coconut shrimp. The service is reasonable given the high volume the restaurant attracts especially on the weekends. I have yet to confirm if they take reservations so if you are wanting to fill your appetite be ready to wait for a table.I give Burma 4 star out of 5.  4 for the good food and service but remove one for the long wait time.
I'd hazard to say if there were more Burmese places in San Francisco then this place would likely fall to 3 stars, however, the lack of choices makes this "star" rise to the top of a limited bunch.The Samusa soup is interesting as is the rainbow salad. Both combined would be worth a small wait, however it is rare to get in after only a short wait, at normal dinner hours 6:30PM+ there will be four or more tables in front of you unless you call ahead to put your name on "the list." The service is fast and attentive, and although one does get the feeling that some of the haste and speed of the service (especially the clearing of the plates) is due to getting you out and another paying customer in, mostly they seem to want to make sure their customers are happy.When our rainbow salad arrived it came with all the ingredients portioned out separately and the waiter took the time to describe each ingredient before swiftly mixing them all up to create the final dish. I would avoid the Vegi Delux next time I go, as it was nothing special and not worth the space it took up on our tiny table.
The wait here isn't so bad now that I've discovered the secret. No, it's not some cunning plan in which one party member pretends to be "differently able" and somehow moves to the head of the line by tugging on the heart strings of people in front of us. Actually, it's all pretty simple. Just walk across the street to Genki and get some eggets. Yeah, I know -- kinda lame, but it's effective. I don't think about the wait because I'm enjoying the eggy goodness of flavored batter. Plus, you can walk around the store and pick up Asiany snacks for later. Just make sure to get back to Burma before they call your name!Also, can't say this enough... vegetarian samosa soup! It's the best!
UPDATE 5/10: Just checked the health site, and their score is back up to 90. Definitely need to check this place out again. I'll rate it based on my last vist years ago.Original reivew:OMFG.Originally heard about this place years ago from a native San Franciscan on a plane ride. As the reviews here reflect there is still a lot of love in this city for Burma SuperStar. So, we were gearing up for a return visit, and just for shits 'n giggles decided to check up on one of my favorite little sites, the San Francisco Department of Public Health.Now, those of you who are true fans of Burma SuperStar may want to stop reading at this point, as it brings a whole new meaning to the phrase "warning: contains spoilers."What did we find? Burma SuperStar earned a truly jaw-dropping health inspection score of 37.dph.sf.ca.us/eh/Violatio I sincerely hope that they get their act together because I do recall enjoying a decent, if not mind-blowing meal here years ago. But that is the lowest score I've come across yet. I mean, it seems like you actually have to *try* to fail that badly.UPDATE 3/31: I received a message from someone apparently affiliated with the restaurant explaining that the they have "historically had restaurant scores in the mid to high 80's" and complained of a new health inspector who "came through the neighborhood and gave the majority of the restaurants ridiculously low restaurant scores. So extreme that over 40 retail businesses in this Clement area have filed formal complaints against this person." He also states that they were immediately re-evaluated and their score will soon be "corrected" to 84 on the website.Well, since I've managed to insert myself in the middle of all this, I did some due diligence and surveyed the scores in the neighborhood. I did find an unusually large percentage of scores in the 60s and 70s, as compared to my casual surveying of scores in other parts of the city. However, of the two dozen or so places I checked nothing was even remotely as low as a 37. I also left a voicemail with the inspector asking to confirm the "correction" and will update as I learn more.But Burma SuperStar already gets +1 star just for showing concern and being responsive. They even invited me to take a tour of the kitchen!
This place is part of San Francisco lore, almost like beach blanket babylon. For as long as I can remember getting suggestions where to eat Burma SuperStar has shown up. So at long last I got to eat here, before seeing a show at the Rockit Room. My friend and I waited for about 20 minutes until the friendly hostess came out and called our name. PSYCHE!!! She just wanted to check if we were still there, our table would be ready in another 5 minutes. In this split second my friend and I had jumped up and down to do a little victory dance in front of the other starving patrons waiting. It was hilarious - for them - when it turned out our table really wasn't ready. Points deducted for making me look so 80's game show lame, but points added back for the host taking your cell number to call you when the table is ready.Once seated we started with the Burmese samosas and tea leaf salad. The salad had flavors new to my palate with a kick of spice and a wide range of textures. I liked it but didn't go crazy about it. I'm not a big peanut fan and it was somewhat nutty. I'd have to say I prefer Indian samosas to superstars. While they weren't too greasy, they were a little tough to break into bite sizes and the wrapper was too thin to be flaky and crisp. It was delicious because it was fried, salty and we were hungry.For our entrees we ordered a lamb curry and Burmese SuperStar shrimp. The shrimp were delicate and spiced just right. Unfortunately the curry was somewhat bland and the lamb over cooked.I liked the crowd and servers here and would probably go back. But I'm still waiting to wear the big headdress of BBB and taste the stuff of SF superstar legends.
Meh. It's all right [sic].
Only someone with no knowledge of Burmese cooking would think this is a good restaurant. The food is bland, and bears very little resemblance to real Burmese cooking. Not worth waiting on line for, and not even worth it if there's no line. Their secret? SUGAR.Yep, another Asian restaurant which has figured out that westerners have a sweet tooth. Don't go.
this review is coming rather late...i've actually only been here once and it was two years ago. i must be bored right now...anywayi think what makes me give it 2 stars was because we waited for over 3 hours. i'm not sure what our right minds made us wait that long, but i think it was because i was moving out of the bay area in a few days and i was determined to try this place. everyone said it was soooooo good...and there's always such a crazy mob outside. honestly, i can't even remember what we ordered. i think we were just exhausted and starving at the time. i remember asking the waitress for some suggestions. i think there were some curry dishes amongst other things? what i do remember was thinking it was similar to indian food minus the kick. my friend thought it was really good, and my bf said the take out we brought back to him was good. maybe i was disgruntled from the horrendous wait and expected the best food of my life and sadly did not get it. i still feel like i deserved the best food of my life for waiting 3 hours. anyway....i'm going back to sf in a couple of months. my other friends insist i give it another shot. maybe...if the wait is short. ha!
We were in a party of 4 and arrived 5 min before opening time. We were lucky enough to take the last available table. Start with the tea leaf salad. Fantastic as usual.Not planned, but we ended up ordering 4 different types of meat - beef curry, lamb curry, the really special chicken with rice (Picture below) and a pork kind of curry. ALL of them were very tasty and - probably because wives were present - we almost lick the plates. Everything went well with the coconut rice.The one thing I'd pass next time is the sangria. It was good, but nobody was really paying attention to it. Though concurrency with the amazing food.We love this place. It's a spices enjoyable adventure.
My friend was visiting from Chicago so I decided to take him here. I had been here before but didn't do the ordering. So this was the first time I was really able to check out the kinds of food they have.We ordered Lamb Curry because my favorite meat is lamb. Their lamb was just ok. We also go the chef's special ribs. This was pretty good. Neither the curry nor the ribs had much vegetables, so it was a good thing our waitress recommended the Samusa soup. She mentioned that it was a popular dish.We thought she was just being a good sales person. The soup was actually the best part of the meal. So I can see why it's popular.There's almost always a wait, but you can call in and tell them you'll be there in half an hour or so and they'll put your name on the list. So make sure you call before you arrive, or you'll end up sitting around for 30 minutes or so.Four stars for "will come back when craving something different."
Our friends recently took us here for our first Burmese food experience and this place was amazing! We got there a little after it opened and were seated right away. My favorites (and the reason I will likely return again and again) was the tea leaf salad, and the coconut rice. Everything we got was so good! By the time we left, there was quite the line of people waiting outside for table, so get there early!
If my Geography skills are serving me properly, I think that Burma is tucked kind near India, China and south east asia... Which kind of makes sense, since the food at this place kind of reminds me of a cross between Indian and Chinese and Thai food..  And I like all of those foods, so, it's not surprising that BSS is really very tasty.. This place doesn't take reservations (yay), but that's cool cuz they do it right and take your cell phone number down and call you when your table is ready. So, head across the street to the coffee shop or chinese grocery store and relax. Your table will be ready before you're done with your bubble tea.I really recommend both the tea salad and the rainbow salad. Also the okra and pumpkin curries are quite good as well. And, I almost always order a young coconut to drink (yah, I like em young), mmm.
Great FOOD, great FLAVOR, great SERVICE! **Burma SuperStar shines bright amongst the dozens of Asian restaurants that line Clement St. ** Of course, there was a bit of a wait on a Tuesday night, so we wrote our name and cell # on the clip board and the hostess CALLED us when our table was ready. Instead of making you stick around the cramped little entryway or freeze outside on a cold January night, they will call you when your table is ready (much appreciated). Tip: Go check out the Aquarium shop between 6th and 7th to see the awesome koi, anemone, and bubblehead goldfish-- a great way to pass the time!The food at Burma SuperStar was also not to be outdone. The coconut rice was magnifique and the beef curry was to die for- SO tender and delicious that I could eat it everyday. Also, their samusas and spicy sauce make my tastebuds tingle just thinking about them. Next time (and believe me, there will be MANY next times), I def. want to try one of the tea leaf salads that everyone around us was enjoying- so pretty!Only downer of the evening was the professional married couple next to my friend and me who didn't say a word to each other the whole meal. Curse of the investment bank!
This is a great place to go if you're from out of town, smoke a lot and want to force people to look at your white belt and listen to your heated discussion over the "Helvetica" documentary that lasts for several hours. Otherwise, you can probably cook better at home.
Tea Leaf Salad... mmmm... my favorite!!! But I wouldn't eat in the restaurant just because of the long waits (well worth it but I just don't have the time) so the trick is... read the yelp reviews... call in... and pick up your meal... believe me you will get a lot of envious or "d'oh! we should of done that!" looks
I'm still not sure the food is worth the loooong wait (can someone say overrated?). Of the dishes we ordered, the Samusa soup stood out the most. And, how could they not have the white wine sangria that night?
I went here with 4 other people and we all loved our meals! My friends arrived before me and they couldn't seat us until we were all there. Inside is pretty small, but there was definitely room. In case you don't know, Burmese food is basically just a mixture of Thai, Chinese, Laos and Vietnamese influences ( I don't think I'm leaving anything out!).The meal was in family-style. I had Mango Chicken which had a chili-basil sauce which was perfectly light and a little spicy.The rest of my friends all had very different meals but were all delicious. One friend had the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice, another had Sesame Chicken, another had Yellow Bean Curry (she was vegetarian), and the last person had a soup which he loved but I can't remember the name.Although the location was out of the way for me, its right on Clement and there is pretty good parking around.
Quite possibly one of the most amazing and unique restaurants in San Francisco. You'll always find a line to get in the door, no matter what time of day you stop by. And, if you follow my roadmap, you won't be dissappointed:Appetizer: SamusasSalad: Tea Leaf - They mix it on the spot, and it could be the best tea leaf salad you'll ever taste. Entree: Share the Spicy & Crispy Chicken and the Beef Curry AND be sure to get the coconut rice; you'll be thinking about it the day after.And, be sure to check out the speciality drinks. The lychee mint special will make you wonder what you are drinking, but it's absolutely fabulous.
EDIT 02/17/08: After several visits since my original review, I've settled on a four star rating. Except for their Platha, nothing blows me away like Mandalay does. I was especially disappointed that their Samusa soup wasn't as good as everyone had made it out to be; I just can't see myself ordering it again. --------------The Mango Tango drink was sublime, as were the samusas. The Rainbow Salad was great, very flavorful. But for the price and the portion size, I didn't think it was that worth it. And it certainly isn't worth a wait. (Don't want to wait for a table? Go during the weekday, around 2-3 p.m.) If I had to wait, I'd rather have some good ol' Thai at King of Thai across the way. It's cheaper, and my tummy and pocketbook are satisfied.It's just too bad the dining experience was somewhat tainted by the scent of Ben-Gay emanating from the woman at the next table.
Come on, Yelpers! I can usually trust you, but this time, I'm just not feeling it. The food was not bad, but it was definitely not great for the amount of waiting involved, the portions, and the price I paid. I wanted to give it another shot before I write a mediocre review but honestly? It feels like too much of a bother to go back.
Amazing service. The food came out fast and the waitstaff was super sweet. Fantastic meal as well, it was hot and tasted divine! And the dessert was sooooooo good. I can't remember the name but it was something deep fried with fruit on the top. Overall i think 4 stars is fair.
Delicious. Go. Eat. Enjoy. The line may make you want to rethink the decision to check this place out so if possible call ahead an hr or so. If that's not possible take a chill pill and wait for a seat; you won't be sorry. My rating is 4 stars!
This was my second time eating Burmese food and I kinda knew what to expect. The noodle dishes were awesome and wen they say its SPICY, its freakin Spicy lols. I got a Lichee Julip which was a soju mixer but I thought tat it wasn't very good. I would like to come back here and try out some more of the different dishes So tats why I didn't give it that high of a rating yet. I would go back for more :D
Came here with a friend a day ago for lunch. I ordered their spicy shrimp Pad Thai noodles, which had a tangy and sweet taste to it. Presentation looked shiny and nicely put. Just like all the other Asian fusion joints I've eaten at, this place has it's own colorful decor. Smooth atmosphere, they bring out a modernized Asian aura in the place. Service was decent and helpful. Try their smoothies, my friend ordered their Lychee smoothie, pretty sweet, tasty and blended well.
Update: 1-star deduction for our last visit. Something's going on in the kitchen because the food went from pretty good to OK, and not at all worth any kind of wait.I'm copying my review for Mandalay, The Other Burmese Restaurant at 6th Avenue, here:I like both, but I think they're geared for different crowds. Burma Superstar is small and intimate dining in a beautifully appointed room. Its careful presentation and moderate portions appeal to foodies. It's good for a date or impressing out-of-town folks. It's popular with good-looking young people who dress fashionably.Mandalay is more casual and can better accomodate large groups. Food is great, but doesn't match the elegant touches of Burma Superstar. However, Mandalay has quicker and better service, bigger portions for sharing, bigger menu selection, room to move, and they deliver. It's good for a night out with friends. It's popular with neighborhood folks and families who are dressed down.My personal preference is for a comfortable neighborhood joint. Burma Superstar may have better food, but Mandalay is the better restaurant."
Their food is good but I find it hard to believe its burmese cusine.The Lamb curry was exactly like Singaporian style rendang preperation. These guys tend to have a bit more gravy here. The fried crispy spicy chicken was exactly like a Cantonese style spicy crispy chicken preperation. The spice was very toned down to cater to local taste ..Their Rainbow salad was good.Positive things :Good for groupsFood is tasty
The tea leaf salad is even better. Love it!!!! The samusa soup was very good and filling. Prawns with walnuts were better than any chinese restaurant I've ever been to and the coconut pudding dessert was great. The catfish curry was a bit too strong for me but this is still my favorite restaurant in the city. I love BS =)
The Tea Leaf Salad was awesome, very unique flavor and excellent mix of ingredients that I couldn't stop eating. Thai Iced Tea was also very good (probably helps that it was warm out and we'd been walking for a few hours). That's all I had, just stopped in to snack, but if it's any indication of the rest of the menu (which smelled great) this place is a winner.Oh, service was fast and friendly, decor was nicely Burmese (probably, never been so can't really say for sure).
Yes, worth the wait so just prepare yourself for the wait. Be sure its at least 4 of you here, you want to try as many plates as you can and sharing is always good, if you didn't know that then you must have been home schooled cause that is taught in the 1st grade.
I used to really like this place, but I recently had dinner here and was Soooo disappointed! The service was good. Friendly, and efficient and gracious. We got there on a weeknight around 8:30p and got a table in 10 minutes. But the food was very mixed. We had potato and chicken samosas and they were oddly sour, the way potato salad tastes sour when it is a little "off" from sitting around too long. In any case, they were not enjoyable. Main courses were 1) a noodle dish which was oddly spiced. We told them we didn't want sweet (alot of their noodle dishes have a sweet note), so they steered us instead to a strange insipid creamy, chicken noodle thing that needed something to balance the richness of the cream. I honestly could have done better with a can of Cream of Chicken soup. 2) A spicy lamb dish with red chili peppers, and intersting spices like cardamom which would have been EXCELLENT had it not been hellasalty. I took the leftovers home and added a bunch of tofu and some spinach the next day and it was great.Next time, I'm sticking to the tea leaf salad and the pumpkin curry...And BTW, this isn't authentic Burmese food...tasty, but not the real deal...
A line that stretches around the block typically is a good sign that either the food is great or its marketing is working. Well to my fortunate surprise its worth the parking fiasco and long wait times. Cause the food is delicious. But don't be discouraged when you see the Disneyland turn stalls, there is way around this. Fortunately since the invention of cell phones convenience has become a part of this restaurant. Simple push your way through the front of line and sign the clip board with your name and cell phone number and they will call you when your table is ready. It can take an hour or more at times. There are local bars across the street where you can grab a nice cocktail and relax before your culinary experience begins. Once in Burma Superstar its OK if you don't recognize anything on the menu. Simply ask the waitress and they will order for you. 10 out of 10 dishes where good and very unique. 7 people with beer only $220. Fairly priced and good for the novice to the advanced foodie. Recommendation go with a smaller group 2 if possible and plan to wait or go at off times. Ambiance not the most romantic but good for a casual date. Yum Burma Superstar!
I would give this place 5 stars if I got in most of the time I went there. It is just that good that people wait in line for a long time. My fault that i go there when i am already extremely hungry that I cant wait. Otherwise, this place has such tasty dishes that are not too salty and has a nice different taste from the common asian restaurants. I love Japanese, Thai, Chinese, Filipino food.. But sometimes you just want something new. My favorite dish is the Rice with the prawns. Oh and the samosas too!
One of the finest meals i ate in the bay area this year was at Burma star, last week. This place has gotten better and more popular over the years. The first time i went in there several years ago, the owner was very friendly and offered to make dishes not on the menu and a great meal was had! I heard he is no longer alive, unfortunately but the restaurant still carries his friendly spirit and serious concern and love of great food.The tea leaf salad is exceptional! Lovely presentaion with the 9 ingredients on the plate in their own squares. The smiling server then stirs it up offering the aromas of the fermented tea leaves (how are these made???), cilantro, jalapeno, lettuce, toasted nuts and other ingredient waft your way as you gaze at the gorgeous treat you are about to consume.The sambusa soup is exceptional! Small, little dumplings filled with what i believe were mushrooms and walnuts (they are definitely vegan) in a thick brown soup made with lemongrass, lime, lime leaves, ginger, and many more spices. Incredible soup!The tofu tower is nice but a little but of heat would be nice. Fried tofu on top of spinach with shitake and red pepper in a wonderful black bean sauce.And sauteed pea shoots are a tasty green side.The food is beautifully prepared and presented. These people care! The service are very friendly and they let you put your cell phone on the waiting list and can walk along clement, visit green apple and wait for your table. It is well worth the wait!And they have chimay cinq cents on tap. SWEET :)Incredible food served by friendly people. Another one of San Francisco's gems!
Great dining experience. Excellent food and a very sweet, sincere, and efficient waitstaff. The tealeaf salad lives up to the hype and they have a great drink menu filled with interesting Burmese concoctions. I shared five entrees with four other people and they were all very good. Highly recommend the peanut curry chicken with citrus. I also really enjoyed a beef dish, of which I forget the name, but the sauce reminded me of vindaloo--kind of a tomato puree, a little vinegary, a little heat, and aromatic spices.
Just fabulous!Love this place. Great service. Great food. the line can be a challenge.Try the rainbow salad!
This place was suggested by a friend of mine during my stay in San Francisco. I came here with two of my other friends and originally we were told that it was a 45 minutes wait. However, it only took them about 15 minutes to seat us. We checked into yelp while we were waiting and was able to get free Thai ice teas. We got the Tea Leaf Salad, beef curry Burmese style, pork and potato curry and cat fish curry. The tea leaf salad was very fragrant and pretty much a peanut overload. I wasn't that impressed with the dish but I was never a salad fan to begin with. All the curries were pretty good with the exception of the catfish curry. I feel that the catfish curry had a very strong fishy taste to it. My friend thought it was pretty good so it may have been a personal preference. I also got a mango and coconut juice on the side and it was Delicious! Overall, the restaurant deserves it's reputation and I may visit again.
There is a reason Burma (as I like to call it) has so many reviews...it rocks!My husband first took me here when we started dating 5 years ago, and we have since visited so many times I can't even count. We have taken my very old-world Italian family, and his very midwestern family here for dinner on many occasions as well. Each and every one of them loved the food as much as we do....and when a bunch of different people from very different backgrounds all agree that the same restaurant is what I like to call the "biz-omb", well, we can't all be wrong!Check it out for yourself and make sure to have the fried coconut custard dessert with the strawberries and the mango ice cream...ooooo - pure heaven!
We saw this on Check Please Bay Area and have been wanting to go for a long time. The decor is a bit tired, and the floor was sticky.We had some of the recommended dishes, such as the tea salad and the samosas soup. I would like to have a smaller portion of soup next time as it was a huge bowl: both were delicious. we shared the salad and that was perfect. A fun experience and tasty lunch. Next time I will order the young coconut with a straw!
I don't know if any restaurant is worth an hour wait on a rainy Sunday evening, but I have to say that Burma Superstar is my new favorite asian resaurant. I trusted a friend who has been coming here for 12 years now to order everything. She's vegan so everything we ordered was vegan. Hear that vegans? But they have meat dishes too. Fresh, colorful, flavorful. The whole place was full of wonderful aromas. A treat for all the senses. Great service.
I am partial on this review because I have only had Burma Superstar to go. So by the time I ate the salad was soggy and the food cold. So it was hard to really judge the food. But I have heard eating in is best, as are most restaurants. However the wait can be too much which is why we ordered out.
it's worth the wait.i don't recommend their beef kebat, though. everything else we've tried has been phenomenal.
Yuuuuummy! I for one think it's definately worth the wait. Anything for a plate of that sweet sweet coocnut rice. Everything I've tried was really good. Some different flavors that I needed to get used to, but still good. Mmm... dessert was good too.If you can't stand the wait then go to Mandalay. But in my opinion, it's just not as good.
Though most of the ingredients will probably be familiar to you, you are still going to be surprised by the creative pairing and the way they taste together. You will want to weep, but you wouldn't because you don't want your tears to reach your mouth and ruin the taste.The wait could get a bit long, but you can always get a pitcher of sangria after you're seated to wind down, or simply go across the street to Blue Danube for the wait.
not as impressed last time i went. tea salad was still good. everything else was just ok. Go to B star instead
I'm giving this a four because I've only gone once and even though my experience was a five, I'm going to wait it out. That being said, oh my god. The food was absolutely amazing! My friend and I split Samosas and the Sesame chicken and both were to die for. Not only that but by chance or maybe by magic, our Samosas came out thirty seconds after we ordered them. I had to wait like ten minutes for the bathroom and felt really awkward just standing in the middle of the doorway to the kitchen but I'm not really going to knock off stars for that. It's just that unfortunate trade off. Basically, I can't wait to go back.
soooooooooooooooo good!there are always a long wait, but don't give up. wait when your name is called and you will come out of the restaurant satisfy and happy. if you cant wait long, take out is always a great plan b. however, i do wish the Burma Superstar would move to a BIGGER location but its ok.ps. order the rainbow salad
This is joke, right? No, not this review, the constant accolade for the fermented tea leaf salad. Are you serious? This mundane green salad with some sunflower seeds, a dressing and some fermented tea leafs was simply the most over-rated menu item that i have come across. I followed that dish with some curry noodles (very basic, but certainly I polished off the whole plate), the lamb with chili peppers (very mundane, syrupy glaze, nice heat) and a chicken/tofu dish that was forgettable. Throw in some rice and a few cold beers, plus a tip (I know many of you Yelpers don't know what that is) and the total bill was....? $86. Not a deal and definitely not worth lingering on the sidewalk for what was clearly one of the biggest disapointments I have faced since Zuni Cafe. Basically, Burma Superstar, sucks.
Always a line @ this small Burmese restaurant. Service is always impeccable and you can even call ahead and have your name placed on the list so you don't need to wait as long. I have to admit, food is a bit greasy for my taste, but perhaps its was just the couple times we went. I love their food though, quite unique. Not like Malaysian, Thai or Southern Chinese. It's got a taste unto its own! Food is definitely filling here so go on a hungry stomach.
This is my favorite restaurant in the whole world. Tea Leaf salad is the best, pea shoots with garlic are yummy too. I've eaten most everything on the menu and it's ALL GOOD! The wait is a problem, so get the phone number for the hostess and get your name on the wait list before you head over or go early.
Great food and awesome service. Food takes just a few minutes to make its way out!
I could care less if this place is authentic or not. The Tea Leaf Salad alone is reason enough to go here. Yeah, we had to wait a half hour and it was before 6:00, but it was worth the wait. Just go and try the salad so you know what all the hype is about. Just make sure that you are in the mood to wait, otherwise it will just bring everything else down.
I think I got caught up in the hype of this place after reading a lot of the reviews. I was expecting some mouth orgasmic food but it was fairly ordinary for me. Maybe I ordered the wrong entrees? Chili Garlic Shrimp was the best dish we had. The crispy spicy garlic chicken was nothing special and the same for the Burmese rice salad. The salt & pepper calamari could have been crispier. The service was very friendly & efficient but on the whole I found the place expensive and the food was average. $50 for 2 people. I would have rather gone to Spices.
update-i just received a phone call from the manager at burma superstar. the situation was handled, i received an apology and a little something something the next time that i eat there. apparently, they never took numbers at lunch and she admitted that it is inconsistent and confusing for customers who are used to the cell phone policy which makes them unique. as a result they are also working on a change to better their wait list policy so that what happened to me never happens to anyone again. if anything that's the most positive outcome and good business!i'm so glad that we were able to kiss and make up. it's that kind of customer recognition that makes it just gives me one more reason to love the food, i love the staff, and believe that it's totally worth the wait.
This is one of my favorite places to go. They have a wait. But they will take down your cell if you want to walk around or grab a drink across the street. They have a wide variety of food (spicy, not spicy, different meats, vegetarian, vegan, noodles, rice and salads). So, you can bring anyone here to enjoy. I always bring out of town guests here. If you don't mind waiting for a table, go here! If you are in a hurry, this may not be the place to go that night. But I would suggest going here!
I don't really get why everyone is so crazy about this place. Super-long lines and the the food is good, but not phenomenal. Overall, okay, but maybe not worth the price or the wait, especially considering all the other Asian options on Clement.
This place is always packed, with long waiting lists. I say it's one of the most overrated restaurants in town. I've been there a few times, because I have several friends who say it's their absolute favorite restaurant.In the evenings for dinner, you're usually looking a 30-45 minute wait to be seated. They don't take reservations. Maybe the food tastes phenomenal by the time you get to eat, because, by then you're friggin' starving...?!I LOVE Southeast Asian cuisine, and I'm certainly not saying that this is a bad restaurant. The food and the service ARE good, but NOT phenomenal in my opinion--not worth over a half-hour-plus wait to be seated. Parking in the area is also difficult--but there are plenty of other good restaurants in the two-block radius where there's no wait to be seated, and the food is just as good.
i just moved about 6 blocks away from Burma Superstar and having read all of the excellent reviews and hearing a lot of hype from coworkers, it was the first place i had to try. Oh, Burma Superstar, you did not disappoint. Firstly, I went on a Wednesday with my family, boy, and bff and the 6 of us had no problem getting a table right away. the smells that come from this place are orgasmic and i couldn't wait to put some of that in my mouth. mmm mmm. we had rainbow salad, samusa soup, curry vegetable, superstar noodles, sesame chicken, pumpkin pork, and walnut shrimp. everything was amazing and everyone was very pleased. i read maybe one review on here that says the food is "bland." you must have been born without taste buds, poor, poor soul. this is hands down some of the best food i have ever eaten of the asian variety, the service was excellent, and i will definitely be back. a lot.
I felt left out having not yet written a review for Ba-ba-ba-burma SUPERSTAAAR...*quickly removes hands from armpits and sniffs them*...So humor what will inevitably be a somewhat repetitive review.Having waited in the cold, starring longingly through the window, and being driven insane by the odors permeating from within for hours on end... we decided to call the "secret" number ahead of time and spent the 2 and half hour wait in the comfort of our own home. Even so, by the time we sat down, we were absolutely ravenous. I was the only one of our 4 person group who had previously experienced Superstar's magic, so I did my best to guide the table's decisions in the right direction.We inhaled the following:. Chicken samosas - unbelievable. Burmese style samosas are much thinner than Indian samosas and have a crisp phyllo dough exterior.. Rainbow salad - a very traditional Burmese dish and oh so delicious. There are some 20 ingredients all separated on the dish when they bring it to the table, at which point the waiter explains the elements and mixes it up for you. The flavors are so complex that you sit there thinking about everything that's going on in your mouth as you chew. A must order.. Eggplant curry - Disappointing. The eggplant was green and tasted as if it wasn't quite ripe. You can order it vegetarian, which we didn't but would next time. The beef in the sauce was over powering - if we knew it would be so beef intensive we wouldn't have ordered it with the beef curry.. Chili lamb - The waiter gave a firm warning when we ordered this dish. Apparently few people are able to finish it because the spice is too intense. We, however, are bad ass and ate every last drop. Loved it.. Superstar shrimp - I get one or two orders of this every time I come. The description on the menu does not do it justice. My all time favorite.. Beef curry - Again, disappointing. It tasted like any other stew thrown into a beef sauce.Next time I'll be sure to try the catfish curry. I'm determined to find a curry at this restaurant that wins me over the way every other dish does.The prices are SO reasonable. We used the Price Is Right rules to make guesses on the check and every last one of us was over! Our lowest guess was $130 and it turned out it was $116. For going order crazy and enjoying every bite of our meal, that is a pure steal!You are my star Burma Superstar. Heart.
We went as a group of 4. The long was kind of long but we went there on a weekend so and given the popularity of this place, it's expected that we had to wait for like 1-2 hours. We got the tea leaf salad, I'm not a big fan of salad but I might change my mind just for this salad because it was really good (I didn't know it was that famous until I read it here) So the waiters recommended some more things for us like the lamb which I enjoyed very much and the beef (less so, it reminded me of sweet and sour beef like the kind in American-Chinese restaurants, plus some other herby flavor). I also got a mango drink (forget what it's called) - not as amazing as the tea leaf salad but no complains. So, I give it 4 stars, the food was good but the parking and the wait is a pain.
After reading so many great reviews, we me my friends decided to try this place out. We went on Saturday night and there was a 2 hour wait so we decided to come back for lunch on Sunday. We got seated pretty fast but everything after that was soo slow! It took soo long for them to get our drink orders and food orders after that. The food itself was ok..it was good but didn't see what the huge rant and raving was about.
3.5 stars, but per usual, i round up. it's worth a try, but not worth the wait. food was good, service was excellent considering how packed the place gets. drink was always full and waitress checked on us ate least once. when you get there at a normal eating hour, expect to add your name to a list with at least 10-15 people ahead of you. you'll be lucky if you're on the first page. the nice thing is that if you're out wandering up and down the street, they'll call your cell phone if there is no response after they holler your name. once we were in, we quickly found out this is definitely not a place to have a quiet conversation. my buddy and i had to resort to leaning in and yelling at each other. breakdown of food. we ordered "traditional burmese dishes," which have asterisks next to them on the menu. for the price, the portions were not impressive:Burmese style lamb curry (which also comes with the beef option): we cleaned the plate on this one. tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary. i suggest shredding the mint leaves into the dish to complement the lamb, if you go the lamb route. yes i eat baby sheep.Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry): good, had a kick to it. heavy on the coconut milk. noodles had an al dente bite to it, almost undercooked..? maybe it was supposed to be that way. hard to find the chicken in the dish.Vegetarian Samusa Soup: this is one of their bread-and-butter dishes. great texture with the bits and pieces of fried falaffel. it's a girthy soup, almost a stew really. i'd even consider putting it over rice. but i do things like that.
Almost 1300 reviews in, there's not a whole lot I can add. The food is as fantastic as everyone says (ahhhhh, the rainbow salad, the coconut curry chicken...), and I've always had friendly, helpful service. So why 4 stars? They did away with the yellow bean tofu! It's been a long time since I've had it, but this was an amazingly flavorful cold tofu dish I'd never seen or tried anywhere else. And now it's gone! I've thought about having my own yellow bean tofu funeral. I'll forgive the transgression, however, and continue making occasional trips to Burma Superstar. Wearing my Yellow Bean Tofu memorial ribbon.A tip: Burma Superstar doesn't take reservations, but B-Star, its sister restaurant down the street does, and it's quite nice!
so me and the bf have been meaning to try this place for a few weeks now and finally got the chance to yesterday (sunday) for lunch. we're not all that crazy about burmese food in the first place. i had a roomate in college who always thought it was good idea to cook heavy burmese dishes at 7am and never bothered to turn the vent on. so needless to say i've been a bit partial. but i digress. anyways moving on. we got there about 2pm. there wasn't that much of a wait, we probably got seated within 5 minutes. we ordered the following:tea leaf salad - it was different, but still goodburmese style lamb curry - so yummy, the lamb was cooked to perfectionriblettes - the meat was still a little too chewy, and wasn't expecting that much spicecoconut rice - the rice was able to tone down the spice of the riblettesjasmine green teaall in all the dishes were okay for me, nothing was spectacular. after reading all the reviews on yelp, i really really wished i could have loved it more
Burma SuperStar is the best Burmese restaurant in the city, but it's popularity doesn't do it any favors. I agree with most of the negative reviews here: the food is not worth the wait. On the plus side, you can go grab a beer at the star and the plough up the street, but waiting two hours for a table stinks. I went here on a rainy sunday for lunch, and got a seat right next to the door...which meant that I had the anxious people waiting for their tables breathing over my shoulder and pretty much ruining whatever pleasure I was having from my meal. The food was good, no doubt (veggie currie, tea leaf salad, chicken soup), but the stress and chaos of the crowd out front harshed my mellow.I'd rather go down the street to Bstar which has food that's almost as amazing, without all of the chaos, stress, and long wait times. If you are into the excitement of a crowded restaurant, go for it, but I'm not down.
Burma Super Star is everything it's reputed to be and much more. People lining up for food here tolerate the cold outside and their rumbling stomachs for good reason. Based on the reviews its received, I headed over to Burma Super Star on a Sunday afternoon. I pranced right in without having to wait at all (about 11:45am). The service was attentive and I received my food speedily.As suggested by other Yelpers, I ordered the tea leaf salad. This is when my taste buds got their first shot of adrenalin and I quickly realized I wasn't in just any ordinary restaurant. So many new tastes and textures to describe here, but they were all so different and new. Intrigued, I moved on to the vegetarian samusa soup...Sha-zam! Just like the tea leaf salad, the samusa soup was equally exciting -- a whole new set of flavor combinations passed over my tongue in an instant. I gasped. It's been a long time since I've tried something and felt this way... revitalized, excited, impressed, panting for more.I found the service, food, ambiance, and prices here all excellent. This is one of the best restaurants I've ever sunk my teeth into. I left my heart at Burma Super Star.
The kind of restaurant I just can't get enough of! Tiny, unpretentious , line out the door, and ethnic food that is just plain goodness. My taste buds crave the tea leaf salad and samosa soup. The Burmese flavors just can't be replicated elsewhere and will certainly bring me back next time I'm in the city by the bay.
I will only wait this long for food this perfect. (And the wait is not so bad when you can have coffee across the street, waiting for the host to call your cell when your table is ready.)Rainbow salad, yum. Samusa soup, yum. Walnut shrimp, yum. Banana coconut desert concoction, yum.
Minus one star for being way too salty. One dish was almost inedible. Otherwise I really like this place.
Being raised in the Richmond, I loved this place at one time. But waiting for food on Clement St. is not my cup of tea. With all the reviews you're reading, maybe it's your thing...maybe you do like to wait for your dinner and then eventually laugh at the people outside as they wait for you to finish. I know, it's a vicious cycle. If you are planning on waiting outside, be sure to grab some dim sum up around the area while you wait. If you really are in need of Burmese cuisine without the wait, try Mandalay on California.
After finally trying this place out, I honestly do not know what all the hype is about. That Rainbow Salad that everyone keeps raving about? The first taste of that and I thought to myself, what in the world are these people thinking?!? It was so tasteless. 22 ingredients of crap. I'll post pics so you can see what I mean. And you will also be so surprised by the size of this little thing. If you are crazy about salads like this, there's no place that will beat Great China in Berkeley. The wait for that rest is crazy, but that salad is huge and it contains so much flavor!I give this place 1 star because I need to tone down this crazy hype about basically nothing. Also you are literally sitting right next to the others on your left and right side because this place is so cramped.
i could eat the bun tay kauswer everyday for the rest of my life. MMMthe first time i went, we waited an hour and 45 mins... there were three of us. it was worth it? it was worth it. we were so relieved to be seated we didn't care how long the wait was. waiting that long was painful tho. i almost passed out.the second time we waited 20 mins, there were two of us on a sunday afternoon (around 2pm). that seemed to be the best time since it slowed down as it got later and later. then at 5pm, BAM! there was a huge crowd outside.next time i'll try takeout. that seems to be the best way to enjoy the food without suffering the wait.
Burma Superstar is simply amazing. One of my favorite restaurants in the Bay Area. I am a serious curry fiend, and Poodhi is one of the best curry dishes of any kind I've ever had, excellent with a side of their incredible coconut rice (a semi-sticky rice with a sweet coconut flavor). The lychee smoothies here are brilliant, and the Tofu Tower is perfectly prepared.Special Mention: Burma Superstar is extremely Vegetarian-friendly.Nevermind the amateurs complaining about the wait. The hostess takes cell #s from everyone in line so there's no reason to just stand there. Walk down to 540 Club and grab a beer, or duck into Green Apple Books. It could be 45-90 minutes before you're seated, but that's expected, so plan for it. Well worth the wait!Update Jan 4 2007: Got dinner again last week for the first time in a while. The lychee smoothie is no longer on the menu, but I did try the samusa soup, which was totally awesome.Note to Dave M. below: The reason why the hostess was on the phone is because people walk in--in person--and physically write their names and numbers on the list. THEN they'll call you. You can't just call in outright without ever physically being there--that would be unfair to everyone else waiting.
curry (shrimp) and coconut rice! must try! i ordered the mint chicken, not the biggest fanbut i stole some curry from my boyfriends plate and OH MY GOD, i'm a believeri was indifferent to curry before but now... i love it!
Yes it's everything they say it is. This was great food and service. We did have to wait but we just drank at a bar around the corner and they called us. It's a good place to pick a bunch of items and share with friends.
Great restaurant... not much to add to the other almost 2000 reviews. But I'm basically writing this to remind myself of what I had and liked.Tea Leaf Salad: unique and awesomePrawn curry: apparently very much like Singaporean sambal prawn... deliciousLamb curryBe prepared to wait, so chill and get a coffee or beer at the Danube across the street.
Host put us by the door on a freezing day even though there were plenty of tables elsewhere. Two middle-aged gay men in a trendy hip restauraunt? Probably not the "flavor profile" they were looking for. Had to consult with manager before moving us to a better table. What was that about? Wait-person was rude and condescending, "Are you aware you ordered three Chinese dishes and no Burmese?" I don't know, I ordered from your menu honey, didn't say the country of origin on each dish.. Ingredients looked good, flavors were great, but so over spiced as to be a little silly. I can see why it is so popular with a younger crowd. Food too hot, prices too high, wait too long, wait-person from hell. All the "must-haves" for a truly trendy restaurant. I'll stick with Mandalay - authentic Burmese food, lovely family staff, treat you like old friends, even if you don't happen to be a boho-hipstier
You know the cat is out of the bag when your friend from Flagstaff Arizona pops in for a visit and says: "I want to go this place, it's called, like, the Burma Star, or something. Someone told me about this tea leaf salad..."I hate waiting for a meal. I just do. Call me utilitarian, but it's just a meal people. Move on. But, if you have a friend from out of town, it isn't so bad to wait. It gives you time to catch up. Waiting for a table at the Burma Superstar, we were able to catch up on ALL the gossip. We made it through the lives of at least 3 degrees of separation.Do I really need to say more in this review? I mean, the food is really good. Coconut rice. Yum. The prices are great. But the wait is killer on a weekend night and the food is not exactly low calorie. It will probably be a long time until I come back for these reasons.
a great place to dine with a group of people or as a couple. the food is good, the service is attentive. the only downside is that it's very popular and the wait can be long. no reservations, but you can call ahead and put your name on the list and they'll ring you when your table is almost ready. tea leaf salad is a personal favorite and has been featured on food network. coconut rice goes good with everything!
There's not much else I can say about this place other than it lives up to the hype. One thing I can add is that Emily, who works the door, is nothing short of amazing.
Nothing else I can say that hasn't been said. Fermented Tea Leaf salad and samosa soup!!Back about 4 years ago nobody went here, then they had some new ownership and WHAM!
Okay okay, 2.5 stars, more like. I'm sorry, I just don't get it. I am well aware of the reputation and the long wait and the raving reviews, but let's get real. The people who worship this place most likely haven't experienced a fair share of Asian cuisine. The tofu tower tastes just like the one in a Chinese joint down the road in a little city named Elk grove. The tea leaf salad is good and has a unique taste to it, but not worthy of the wait. Ingredients are not fresher than other places, the service is not better than other places, and the portions aren't anything to write home about. The menu is interesting, but more of an interesting read than taste much of the time. My burmese friend even comments that you can find better burmese joints in the city than here. I just got to trust my palate on this one and it tells me NOT WORTH IT. I would only come here if there was no ridiculous wait and if each plate went down a buck or two. Hype blows when you've been standing for an hour in the SF windy cold for a mediocre meal.
Ok-this place is pretty good, but definitely overrated. I don't recommend eating in. The wait at any normal dining hour is completely ridiculous, the dining room is crowded, and the food does not make up for the wait! I've become an occasional take-out customer and it is a much better experience overall. The tea leaf salad is great, as are the samosas. The vegetarian options are really oily and a little boring, but the meat options are pretty decent.
Despite the hour wait, and despite the over priced food, and despite the noise level and the feeling that the guy next to you is sitting your lap. And despite that the food tastes like any other food on Clement, it is a freakin' awesome restaurant.
If I had to choose just one item to eat here, it would be the rainbow salad. It has somewhere around 22 ingredients (although I ask them to leave off the dried fish), and they mix them all up in front of you. Other items to note: curries, any and all. They are great.Long waits, and no reservations. Tip: Leave your cell phone with the hostess and head to a bar down the street and wait for the call. Expect 1-2 hour wait for a table on busy nights.Every time I think of this restaurant I cant help but think of Mary Katherine Gallagher. Funny name, great place to eat.
Everytime I visit I make sure to eat here! It's probably the only time I;ve been excited to eat broccoli! The last time I visited I wanted the dish I had gotten before, but ordered the wrong one. The staff was awesome, they brought me the dish I really wanted and let my friends and I enjoy the mistake order, which was also delicious. Wonderful atmosphere, I cant wait to go back!
I've been dying to eat here for a long time because everytime I walk by there's a big crowd waiting outside the door. We had to wait 45 minutes on a Tuesday night because it was packed. Drinks are different (and good!) and lots of choices on the menu for everyone. I'd definitely go back.
Great cuisine but not enough vegan or vegan optional dishes. Work on that and I'll definitely come back.
In terms of tasty food, this place is actually pretty good. It's just that I don't like everything else about it... The samusas (what's that? like a burmese samosa?) are actually the best I ever had...The place is constantly crowded. Not only is there usually a line to get in, but I brought my sister here to try it out with me and we were sitting shoulder-to-shoulder with strangers. It's a great place to listen in on other peoples conversations.The food is a bit overpriced. I'm not afraid of spending but I do consider my experience as relative to other places. I'd rather spend elsewhere...I'm giving it 3 stars because, although i'm not avoiding the place, i'm not planning on making any visits in the near future. I'd only come if someone invited me to it.
I feel like, as a picky eater, it's a testament to this place that I even like burmese food!  It is super crowded, but worth the wait. The salads are crazy/beautiful and the noodles, samusas/samusa soup, coconut rice, pea shoots, string beans, the list is getting long. My boyfriend really likes the fried okra dish with egg. It looked sketchy to me but if you're adventurous, I'd try it!
My craving for the tea leaf salad started as I swallowed the last bite of it.
Best. Samosas. Ever.Is it crowded? Yes.Should you try a salad? Yes.Should you order a Burmese entree instead of the Chinese ones? Yes, although if you're going with a less adventurous newbie, get one of each.If you're into Indian, Thai, and Chinese food, you owe it to yourself to brave the wait, leave your cell phone number on the list, and try Burma Super Star. Make sure you have a cold beer and some coconut rice at the ready, because some of the spicy dishes sneak up on you. Fortunately, BSS has a wide selection of Imported Asian beers to cool the fire.
Though the wait is generally out the door and at least 30 minutes or more, this amazing Burmese restaurant is very much worth the wait. It is without a doubt in my Top 10 restaurants in SF.The food is authentic and REALLY good (try the rainbow salad, the samusas, the veggie curry, the mini-ribs, and the platha bread is to die for)...basically anything and everything I've had here has been great!!Service is fantastic, ambiance is festive and fun...you can't go wrong.
Coconut rice is good. Samosas are good. The lemon/ginger beer is "fantastic!". Aforementioned items are great with the very savory Catfish curry.The spareribs were alright only--a bit on the sweet side. The lemongrass chicken was just alright.Pea shoots are overpriced and oversalted. Overall, lots of very savory items can overpower or diminish the effect of each individual dish.I suggest getting the coconut rice and just one savory dish... a little goes a long way.
Delicious.. Burma SuperStar Restaurant in the Inner Richmond draws all types of people from different walks of life. The food is fabulous... rich in flavor, color and texture. For a Wednesday night, the place was packed and the wait was only about 10 minutes... Reasonably priced and great service..Rainbow Salad...
Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum!I'm not sure if it is because of all the hype...but I didn't mind waiting for this delicious place at all.It is a perfect example of the great hole-in-the walls this city has to offer. It isn't what I would call romantic but it is a great date place. On my last trip I sat next to a great table...and by the end of our meals we were so excited about the food and all its flavors. We all just started to share!Most importantly..there are two things you Must do on your visit!1) while you wait (leave your number) jet across the street to the little cafe and enjoy a 1/2 pitcher of sangria!2) and when you finally sit down...try the leche Mojito! AMAZING!
after visiting for a third time, I've come to the conclusion that this place is fine but i think it is definitely overly-hyped... food is solid but do you want to wait FOREVER to eat? just don't think it is worth it.  tea leaf salad-- doesn't do it for me. it's okay but nothing i would crave to have again and again.their curry- i've had the chicken and fish version. it's good but doesn't seem that spectacular. maybe i'm crazy?service has been pretty good when I have visited... though last time I was there catching up with a friend, we sat for a while to finish our wine after we were done eating and i could tell they were getting very anxious for us to leave. i guess what can you expect when there is a fat line out the door. definitely not the most relaxing place to have a meal.
Burma Superstar always has a crowd of people waiting outside for a table and now I know why. This place is delicious!My friend and I went one night and had to wait 30-40 minutes in the cold for a table, but it was worth the wait. The restaurant is small and crowded. I didn't like it because we were so close to every table around us. Anyway, be prepared to wait for a while. The hostess calls your cell phone when a table is ready for your party (I like that), so it's a good idea for someone to go early and sign up on the wait list so that when the whole party arrives, the table will be ready.We had the chicken samusas appetizers, mango beef and some coconut curry noodle of which I forgot the name to.. The samusas weren't the best, but still rather tasty. I love the mango beef! I never had mango cooked with meat before, but it was really flavorful and not weird at all. The coconut curry noodle was good, but I wish there was more of a curry flavor in the dish. Overall, everything was really tasty and I would love to come here again to try more dishes. The plain rice for the mango beef was kind of hard, though, could be better.
Every dish here has been superlative--lots of flavors get all your tastebuds jumping. I would love to eat here more often, sigh.
Great place, I had heard so much about it. Tried twice to go there instead ended up at a thai fast food across the street, because the wait was over 90 minutes and I was starving. Next time I just called them up and asked to put my name on the list, and arrived at the restaurant an hour later. and that was spot on time, we got a table within couple of minutes. Felt bad for rest of the folks waiting around there though.We started out with Samosas and thai iced tea. Samosas were a bit oily, but yummy nonetheless. Their basil chicken was just too good. Overall food was very tasty, a bit on the spicy side. Definitely worth the wait!
Call ahead of time so you wont end up staying outside for too long, Order the Samosa soup and the Rainbow salad. I tried many of their dishes and they are all good. For me this is one of the best places in San Francisco.Correction... the best place in San Francisco
This place is awesome! Absolutely love the food here. I've had the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole, the Chili Garlic Shrimp, the Burmese Lamb Curry, the Beef Kebat and the Tea Leaf Salad. The dishes were all so flavorful. The only complaint I had was that the lamb could've been more tender, but the taste was amazing. Just the right amount of spice for everything. Not so spicy that you can't even taste the food. My top most favorite has to be the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole. The chicken fell of the bone and the rice was sooo good. Talk about flavor explosion in your mouth! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and of course remind them of how busy this place can get so it may be wise to go a little after the lunch crowd or before the lunch crowd. I've never gone here for dinner, so I can't really speak to how busy they get for dinner since I've only heard by word of mouth about how busy these guys can get. Can't wait to try more of the food here!
I probably don't have to tell you that the food here is great seeing how many great reviews this place already has. But, I want to add my 2 cents worth so here goes. Go early so you don't have to fight with the crowds. The tea leaf salad is definitely a MUST. It's the only thing we go for. There are so few Burmese restaurants around and I've had Burmese food in so many other countries to know that this one serves up some of the best stuff around!
Best food in San Francisco. The Leaf Leaf Salad and Walnut Prawns are the best!
Definitely overrated. There were some interesting dishes, some good, some not so good. Not a place I would go again if there's a long wait. There was actually a better burmese place that i went to a few weeks later, but I can't remember the name at the moment. The tea leaf salad was good, but the pork belly dish tasted like a chinese restaurant dish, and wasn't a very well-made one either.
There were only two parties that needed to be seated before us and we were told it would be about 30 minutes. An HOUR later, my dad and I were finally taken to a table. Thankful to be out of the cold and past the state of hungry we ordered an appetizer and a couple of other dishes. Everything was good, but not great. For the wait and the price I was expecting much more. I think I'll go try the place on California next time...
Everyone seems to love this place but I just don't get the hype. I've been here three times now, and each time I've wanted to come out saying, "Burmese food is so great; what a great find, etc, etc" but I always have left saying the food is good but not amazing. Sure the tea leaf salad is very good but I have yet to be very impressed by any of the entrees.  Also, it is expensive for good but not great food. For two people (one appetizer, two main dishes, rice for two, and two drinks), expect to pay about $50 including tip.
My partner and I went here today after hearing about this place on the KQED show Check, Please! Bay Area (and after hearing good things about it from other sources I've since forgotten). We had to wait for about 15-20 minutes for lunch at about 2:30 p.m. on Sunday, but I imagine the waits are much longer at prime lunchtime, not to mention dinnertime, not to mention on a sunny day (it was freezing and pouring rain).On to the food. Yes, it was good! And I didn't think it was particularly expensive. We didn't particularly love the rainbow salad, but they were out of our first choice for a starter, the samusa soup -- and they ran out of several other items as well. Hmm. The coconut rice was absolutely fabulous but certainly not low-cal, nor was the platha (very fried, layered Indian bread). The green beans were the best ever, and the catfish curry was also quite good, although the fish was fried.We'll be back. Not everything was unequivocally fantastic, and I can see that the wait's an issue, but it worked for me.
The wait is long but the food is delicious and savory. The trick is to call ahead and put you name on list about 45 minutes in advance. They don't take reservations but will allow you to put you name on the list by phone. We had the vegetarian samosa soup, the tea leaf salad, the Burmese curry with lamb, vegetarian curry and the pumpkin pork stew. Everything is very savory and rich with flavor. This place is definitely not for those that like simple cuisine because the flavor is off the chart. This place is definitely not for those on a diet as there is no way any dish is low in calories. Once seated the service is fast and efficient. I don't think any of our water glasses were half empty for longer than 30 seconds.
You will see people come from far and wide to experience the magic at Burma Superstar -- North Beach and Marina folks make the grueling 10 minute drive out to the Richmond district and brave the slight fog for a chance to make sweet Tea Leaf Salad love. Try coming right after lunch on a weekend, it's usually much less crowded.
This place is highly over rated. The wait is so long, the price is a bit expansive for little amount of the food (very disappointed) and the taste doesn't impress me much. It maybe because I am a Burmese, but if you never try Burmese food before, it could really impress you. I recommend: - Tea Leaf Salad (you can also buy the tea leaf salad package in Daly City and they are quite as good as Superstar can offer)-Samoosa Soup (not samoosa salad)-Mote Hin Khar (Burmese Noodle)-Nan Gyi Dote (Noodle salad)-Burmese style Fried Rice-Chicken Casserole
I have had the pleasure of eating good homemade Burmese cuisine -- I'm a little biased, and unfortunately, this doesn't compare to what I've had. A little above mediocre, but that doesn't make me a fan.
First time I ever had Burmese food. Tasted pretty good overall. It tasted like a cross between Thai and Indian food altogether. Alot of sauce in all the dishes. I liked the Rainbow Salad the most, it was delicious, spicy and yummy. I would go back again and try other dishes if I had the chance. We went on a Sat night, the wait was out the door, no reservations.
Food is Fantastic...The wait though... sucks! I've never waited for a table over 1.5 hours before...until I stepped foot into this place!I guess overall, the wait is worth it though -- how many burmese restaurants can you find in SF, right?!Go with the Tea Leaf Salad..pretty tasty!And they have some good Samosa Soup too!
Wow, after a hard days work as a garbage man this place is really a light can. After a couple of showers I often show up to a 45min wait on the weekends. No reservations taken but they do have a list you sign and be called back on.
This used to be my boss' favorite restaurant and I've heard so many great things about it, but I think things have changed since there's been a change of ownership. I went twice-first for the samosas and the second time for their Rainbow Salad and Superstar Noodles (two courses my boss highly recommended for us. The portions were small and presentable, but quite filling. My Rainbow Salad was meh, for all those ingredients, it sure tasted singular, very vinegar-y. I liked my friend's Superstar Noodles though. It wouldn't say it was great, but better than mine. Don't get me started on the Samusas! They were five tiny pieces for like over six bucks! WTF! Had they been good, I would have been okay with that, but they were bland! Just a faint curry taste. Ew.
always hits the spot for me. rainbow salad is to die for...and the chicken casserole is out of this world. The wait is ridiculous tho. I go on mondays at 5:45pm...
ok, didn't love it. was hoping to but didn't happen. went on a thursday and we had a tolerable wait. (score!)very interesting flavors - esp, memorable were tea leaf salad and fiery tofu, i liked platha bread paired with the salad.though i didn't love everything i hope to go back and check it out again.(yea - i think i'm review #1300!)
When I depart this world, I'd like to be buried in a bed full of tea leaf salad. Thank you.
This was a pretty decent experience. We had to wait an hour to get in. Which was a bit long but we chilled out at the Blue Danube cafe across the street which was cozy and had a great juice selection and according to one of my friends "The best coffee ever". Burma Superstar was a smaller restaurant. The staff was efficient. The food came out in a timely manner-We ordered the Samusa soup-which was great-then the tea leaf salad which was ok. Then we had curry and a chicken dish which was on the bone-Can't remember the names. But the soup was the star. Would go back again if I am in the neighborhood. Parking wasn't too bad either.
Probably one of my favorite restaurants in the city, long a** wait an all. It all rests on the Tea Leaf Salad. I actually try not to go there often so that the salad will stay just as good in my mind. Over thinking my desire for this salad? No way. Try it. Also, friendly service at all times, especially for a place that has had to undergo such a trendy explosion in the last few years.
For years, I've been wanting to try Burma Superstar so this past weekend I was in SF and knew that no matter where in the city this place was and how far it was from our hotel and no matter the wait, I wanted to see what the hype was about this place. Also, I have yet to find a Burmese restaurant where I live in San Diego and also in LA... When we got there, there was a clipboard in the front entrance to sign your name and put how man are in your party - I was apprehensive to how this would work, but it became really efficient as the line grew longer and there was not enough room on the front curb. My fiance and I decided to order: Chicken Tofu Kebat, Spicy and Crispy Chicken, ad Shan Noodles with Chicken (it's supposed to come with duck, pork, or vegetarian but I preferred chicken). I really enjoyed the flavors that were introduced to me as this was my first experience with Burmese food. It wasn't as spicy as I had expected, but the flavors really did pop in my mouth and it was pretty fantastic. I especially enjoyed the Shan Noodles as I believe anyone who loves garlic would. I am not quite convinced to give this place a 5 star rating as of yet based on what I had, but I know the next time I am in SF I will make another trip to Burma Superstar to try the other dishes and possibly my rating may raise because I was quite pleased with my first experience here.
wow! talk about hit! 10 mins after we arrived, the masses arrived then all of a sudden there was a line outside the door. my friend and i must have been REALLY hungry because we ended up ordering enough to feed an army!we ended up ordering:lamb curry: this was packed with spices galore! defiantly a yummy take on the curry.samusas: golden brown veggie filled dough that were crispy and weren't oily.coconut, tan poi and burmese fried rice: coconut rice was sweet but not too sweet. you can taste the coconut and it complimented the lamb curry. the fried rice had chunks, not pieces, but chunks of meat.spicy chicken with tofu: SPICY! ask them to take it down a notch if you can't stand the heat. there were chunks of tofu, chicken and veggies.walnut shrimp: that sauce is soo good! i seriously took a spoon, scraped the sauce and ate it with rice!mango chicken: this was ridiculous good! slices of succulent mangoes mingling with chicken with a spicy kick!for drinks, they offered endless pots of tea and water. we also ordered these mango and lychee concoctions that were out of this world! the portions were huge,i recommend taking more people when you eat here or else you'll end up with leftovers for the next two days. the prices are reasonable (our bill came out to $55), no joke!Me: this is the bill?Judy: yup, the drinks are in there, tooMe: are you sure? you're kidding, right?Judy: no, you guys didn't order that much (as she hands me our 5 boxes of left overs)judy and michael were SUPER friendly and attentive (despite how busy and crazy it was). can't wait until round two!
For me...just aight. I've had much better at the Burmese restaurant off California. I've been here several times during lunch and don't even dare to brave the crowd come dinner time. It's a 2+ hour wait with the sidewalk as a waiting room! For that kind of wait I'd expect much more than mediocre food with small portions. I've had the samosas, rainbow salad, and the mango chicken. Overall, not bad but not remarkable to leave me craving for more. Service is good and atmosphere is cozy. Sorry guys, just 3 stars from me.
Where there's a line, there's good grub.This would be the case for Burma Superstar, A and I were initially heading over to Clement for crepes at Genki when the sudden urge for a real dinner won over snacks. There was a line of a few couples already as we first passed it, on the way back from Green Apple Books there was still a line. The smell that escaped from the doors when people came in and out was enough for us to weather the cold to wait.Hint though, apparently the list is "fill in yourself". My BF stood for a few minutes watching the waitress put a few names on the list before us from her cell. Like a previous reviewer had said - call ahead, it does look like they'll quote you a time, put you on a list and even call you when there's a table. Now that's a brownie point for service right there.We ordered the Samosa Soup as starters, A suggested it as he remembered the smell from last time but haven't really ordered it. Rich isn't the word to describe this soup... hearty but light as it is a vegetarian dish. You can definitely taste the classic five spices of South East Asian cuisine, but the curry and chili wasn't overwhelming. He ordered the Beef and Potato Curry with Platha (btw, Platha is a multilayer flaky bread good for dipping, but as a dessert soaked in condense milk is heaven - classic Burmese dish.) on the side. I'm not usually a big fan of curry without coconut milk, but his curry wow'ed me. Light, nice kick to it and the beef was tender not tough. Apparently red chili curry isn't so spicy either. My ribletts were flavored with a pepper sauce that played with your sense of smell before it hits your taste buds with a bam. The of pepper lingered in every bite and the pan sauce made a nice coating to rice. Literally, I didn't need anything else to my rice but the light sauce from the ribletts. It was just YUM. Definitely reminded me of similar dishes Mom would make. You know you've got a good pan toss dish when there's enough to flavor to add to plain rice but maintain its taste with every bite. We even had room for dessert, I've had better coconut ice cream but A loved the coconut pudding fritters.Overall, brownie points for the quick courteous service. When the servers serve salads and soups, they dish and mix for you, while explaining the ingredients. Burmese for me sometimes goes too Thai like or too Vietnamese like for me, but this was pretty authentic. Also it is very friendly cuisine for those with peanut allergies. Unlike Thai food that may have nuts in the majority of dishes, Burmese is more about spices. My BF is allergic to peanuts, and the waitress was very knowledgeable to assure their menu had very few dishes that had nuts. Basically, for a good meal from a hole in the wall kinda place... it's worth the line.
I definitely got sucked in to this place and loved it! some word of advice, if you want to come here make sure you make reservations or come by 5pm before it gets super busy. you'll have to wait super long before you get a table. My favorite dishes there are the samosas and garlic noodles with duck. it has so much flavor and it definitely leave you wanting more. i really don't mind having garlic breath after this meal. =)
having been a little tired of the lack of good dining options in my current neighbourhood, inner sunset, we decided to venture out to the richmond district to gave this place a try. we ordered the tea leaf salad, garlic noodles, and shrimp kebat. you get bang for your buck here because the food was great, the price was affordable, and the service was great. it gets pretty busy - so be prepared to wait about an hour for a table. plan ahead and sign up on the list and then go for drinks at 540 club and/or the bitter end!
I probably overhyped myself before I even came here. There is always a fat line outside but we managed ourselves to grab a table. I ask the waitress what we should order because it was my first time have burmese food. We ordered the beef curry and some spicy burmese noodle dish. The dishes we ordered were just mediocre. I should of listen to the waitress and ordered the salads.
I can't really add to the 2500+ reviews already but I'll just say I'm obsessed with the tea salad and the roti...and everything else on the menu.  Every person I've recommended this restaurant to has loved it. Best of all, it's across the street from some great Asian stores for the perfect post-dinner Asian dessert pastry :)
After all the hoopla about this place, I have always wanted to try it. so went there last night with my hubby who is an executive chef :). Ordered the famous teal leaf salad, samosa soup, tofu with lotus root, and the chicken/tofu kabob as well as the fried rice. My husband really enjoyed the salad- he said it was a textural thing. We both really enjoyed the tofu w/lotus root. The rice was yummy but the best thing was the waitress/server. She was awesome, extremely knowledgeable and just overall nice. All in all, I can say that I have tried it but would probably go back and try other dishes.
This place is freaking awesome! If you don't come here at least once for the samosa soup and tea leaf salad, then you haven't lived. This is one of those places where a veggie meal is as good if not better than one with meat (though they do have meat on the menu if you're so inclined). Just be prepared to wait for a table.
In discussing this place with some friends it seemed to me that to some people the name Burma SuperStar did not connote any type of cuisine. So just to clear up any confusion, Burma SuperStar serves Burmese food (although not all of it is Burmese) which is from Burma which is a country just south of China. In other news, the wait was not terribly long (45 minutes for 6 people on a Friday night) and it was nice that they offered to phone us when the table was ready so that were able to sit at the caf across the street and not huddled outside in the cold. The food was also pretty good and they have some interesting drinks (beer with ginger and lemon and rum with mint and lychee).         I would however, disagree slightly with the rave reviews about the Tea Salad. Fermented tea in a salad definitely makes for a new twist, but the salad was a bit small and over oiled in my opinion. However, the wait staff was really friendly and accommodating to my friend's allergies. She is allergic to sesame seeds and the tea salad has a bunch, but because they mix all the salad ingredients it in front of you they took great care not to toss in the sesame seeds as well. I think her allergies actually scarred them a bit as they placed all the sesame seeds in a separate container and then mixed the rest of the salad, completely avoiding the side of the plate were the sesame seeds once were.
One of my favorite places in the city to eat. The cool thing about this place is that if you are on the wait list, they will call you on your cell phone when your table is ready. So instead of having to wait there you can go to green books. Highly recommended!UPDATE: This place isn't as good as it used to be, for some reason. I'm downgrading it to four stars.
The samosa soup was the highlight of dinner. The rice and the tofu curry were perfect. Though we had to wait for an hour and a half to get seated, we thought it was well worth it. The waiters were courteous and took care of us well. To ssummarize, a really good restaurant that one shouldn't miss in the city.
Pumpkin takes on a whole different meaning for me now, no more does it just make me think of Halloween and knives. Its that stew that romanced me all week long, the one I cant get out of my head. The place was worth the wait, very efficient with many enthusiastic people in line with their own tales of Burma Superstar memories building my anticipation. Cant wait to return!
Burma Superstar is a small, cramped little restaurant, with a long waiting time to get a table. But if you are lucky enough to get in... they serve by far the most exciting food in town! The flavors are wholesome and exciting at the same time. Rainbow salad? Out of this world! The protions are nice, the price is average. Maybe they want to open another place in Concord?
tea leaf saladsamosabread (naan like thing)- little greasy, but so goodpork and pumpkinso delicious. Heavy, made me very very full.gotta remember this for next year.(read other reviews, with almost 1400+ people, what new things can i add?) one hot tea, (the one that's described with chocolate flavor)-- too heavy. not too good.
It's fresh, it's different, it's spicy, it's crunchy, it falls off the bone, it's cute, it's cheap, it's awesome!
Great little hole in the wall with amazing food. Expect to wait your turn. It's worth the wait!
Yes there is usually a line at the door and the wait can be LONG, but it has always been well worth it. I have been to Burma SuperStar three times now and that is three times too few. That salad, the one with the billion ingredients... parfait! Everything, including service is amazing. Literally the only thing that stinks is wait, but I twice I have been outside a half an hour before open and have secured a table right as the doors open. That is the surest way to not wait up to two hours I think.
Consider yourselves warned!! You may eat your fingers!! I am a patron of this place. Every time I have an out of town visitor, I have to take them to Burma Super Star. The line is long. If you eat there a lot they **may** give you their cell number to call and leave your name and number with them and they will call you 10 min before. If you are not too far from the neighborhood, you will not miss your table. Otherwise, the competition to get a table is too much. ENJOY :)
Over the past 2 or 3 years, I've heard from countless friends and family that this place was one of the must-eat-at restaurants in the city. Yet I never seemed to be able to make the trip out to the Richmond to eat here. A year ago, I moved to the Richmond and I no longer had any excuse. Twice over the past year I arrived at Burma Superstar intending to eat here but ended up leaving because of the long wait.Finally, about a month ago, I reached the holy grail. A table at Burma Superstar - on a Friday night and with a huge party no less. Now, maybe my expectations were impossibly high but I just wasn't that impressed. The tea leaf salad was a great way to start the meal but I felt many of the main dishes were merely average to above average. I did like the sangria's both the white and red. Different than other places but quite good.
Not much can be said at this point that has not already been written by the hundreds of reviews for Burma Superstar. I will keep it short. (1) The tea leaf salad is better than the rainbow salad. (2) The coconut rice is rad, and I could eat it with curry sauce for every meal...although I would be 400 lbs as a result. (3) If you can save room for desert (or if you just have a second stomach for sweets) the deserts here are really good and hit the spot after all the savory and garlicky noodles and curries.
It's a small restaurant with big waits. That's okay, because there are plenty of places to go shopping at around here, while you wait. I usually wait over at the fish store, no big deal. I've been here a couple of times with friends, mostly because someone in the party insists that we go here. "The foods really good," they say. And they're not telling a lie. I see so many five stars for this place, but I can't. The food is good and there are a lot of choices. But that's it. I haven't had good service here, nor bad either. Just so-so. Having to get up and tell the waiter that we'd like his attention doesn't really bother me. So, it stays at four stars.
Ate there last night with a date after both hearing about it for ages.. We got there around 6 on a Saturday night and took 45 minutes to be seated. They get props for taking and using your phone # to call you so that you can peruse the bookstores, asian markets, and aquarium shop in the area while waiting instead of being tied to the crowd outside the door. We had the Chicken Kebat, Garlic and Chili shrimp, and tea leaf salad. The salad was good, with a nice hint of spice, and the Kebat was tasty as well. The Garlic and chili shrimp were less impressive. Ginger lemonade and thai iced tea with $1 refills were also enjoyed. Total bill $50--the place would definitely be on the regular list if it weren't for the long wait. I was pleased, but it didn't live up to the hype.
ive been to burma superstar with my friends so many times and i really like it here. you should try vegetarian superstar noodle, vegetarian samusa soup and rainbow salad. i'm not a vegetarian, but these v dishes are delicious!you must know: they don't take reservation. for dinner don't show up without calling them first because the restaurant is small and so busy, you may or may not get seated. call, ask them to put your name on the list. then they will call you when the table is ready.
I've heard so much about this place from friends, and finally got to taste! We did take out - tea leaf salad, sesame chicken, poodi w/ tofu, chile and garlic shrimp, coconut rice, and a couple other things i cant remember. The rice is awesome and the tea leaf salad is as good as all the reviews say.
Good food, but certainly overrated. Went on Saturday at about 5:45 and still had a 45-60 minute wait. Glad we brought some beers to have our own happy hour in the car - which made the wait time fly by. I like that they call your cell phone when your table is ready so you don't have to stand around in the Richmond fog. Anyhow, the food was interesting and above average, but nothing mind-blowing like all the raves and crowd would suggest. I also thought it was a little overpriced for the portion sizes in such a no-frills place.Plus, Nan Yang in Oakland is better anyway.
Bomb Diggity. Yes, I'm bringing that word back. This place is delicious. A cute little setting. Great waiters, and the food was delicious. Try the samosa soup, coconut rice and coconut shrimp. The flavors were amazing. A little pricey, but absolutely worth it.  If you are gonna go, make sure you aren't starving, because by the time u sit down, u will be hungry. The wait can be long, but you won't be disappointed :)
Oh Yelpers, you've done it yet again! You have managed to raise a mediocre restaurant to levels of greatness and fool the hell out of unsuspecting diners like myself. C'mon, over 1700 reviewers can't be wrong, right? I found out the hard way that yes they can...So I finally got the chance to eat here after hearing so much hype about how amazing the food was. Maybe my expectations were set too high, but I left thinking "Ya, overall that was a tasty meal, but I'd never go back and certainly wouldn't wait 2 hours to eat here, EVER!"I went with all the "staples" that people seem to rave about - the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, burmese chicken casserole, and their special shrimp curry.The tea leaf salad was nothing special - in fact I'm shocked this was featured on Food Network. There is no culinary genius involved with chopping romaine lettuce, sprinkling some tea leaves on it and a few mixed nuts and drizzling with lemon juice. For me, this tasted mostly of lemon juice, i couldn't quite pickup the "aromas and unique flavors" so many reviewers raved about. It left me wondering what all the fuss was about...The samusa soup on the other hand was very tasty and the highlight of the meal in my opinion. It had a great spicy bite to it without being overpowering and I loved all the goodies in there.The chicken casserole was a large portion - rice and chicken were cooked very well and the flavors actually reminded me of Mediterranean food with the cinnamon, raisins, etc. The shrimp curry on the other hand was a letdown and for $13 I would expect a little more than 10 shrimp swimming in over-salted, greasy red curry sauce.All in all, the meal was just okay - nothing special and I probably won't come back unless forced by a group of friends. I was left counting my blessings that I got there early on a Saturday evening and only waited 15 minutes for a table. Had I waited the "usual" 2+ hours for this meal, I would've been thoroughly disappointed.
Since Burmese is my favorite type of food - boy was I luck when I moved to SF. Nothing but love for this place. Food, prices, staff, everything. Again I love burmese food so I am easy to please here. 1 star off cause the staff will never be honest with you about how long the wait is...just tell me its gonna be an hour...I will go to cinderella and get a coffee:)
Overrated! Tea leaf salad = bland romaine lettuce with an assortment of nuts. Sumosa soup = packed with a lot of flavors but wasn't satisfying. Food network suggestions? I think they got it totally wrong this time. Curry shrimp = overcooked shrimp in a boring curry sauce. Coconut rice = major disappointment, just mushy rice made for those with no teeth.
This was our second visit in a year. We went for lunch on Tuesday around 2:00 there was no wait. I would never wait even 30 minutes for a great place. I have to say that the food is edible, but not great. We had their spicy lamb and the dominate flavor was cumin over all else - spicy, but not that spicy to my palate. We also had their duck noodles, the noodles were nicely cooked and a fair amount of duck. But there was almost a bland flavor. The salt & pepper squid were quite good. The biggest problem with the food is the price for what you get. I would say that $$$ (lunch for two=$60.00) was much more appropriate. The other problem is that the service was friendly but just too much and annoying. No, you do not need to check with us every 5 minutes. And no, we ordered plenty of food you don't have to keep trying to sell more food to the "bears." The bus boy also never stopped sweeping the floor - why to pick up two crumbs - just leave it till it's noticeable. We would never go back. We thought we would try this place again rather than our favorite Clement Street place China First - so much better.
Fantastic, fabulous. Been eating there for years, have yet to have a bad meal. Everything on the menu is good, though we are partial to tea leaf salad & tofu kebat.If you want to avoid the lines, just call in your order, pick it up, bring it home and light a few candles. You won't regret it.
In the quest to experience the long awaited Burmese tea salad, my friend and I overcame perilous parking only to find this mysterious substance served in in small quantities. The salad itself was plain. Romaine lettuce and crushed peanuts and garlic. Nothing really special. You can buy garlic peanuts if this is considered intriguing. The jade sauce, well, is actually interesting. There is a herbaceous and even slightly floral taste made delectably viscous to the tongue by the oil. Quite ephemeral, though roughly unsatisfying.
Very interesting and tasty food!I have heard this place gets packed, so we went on a weekday shortly after they open. It's a pretty small place, pretty packed in there, and by the time we left there was already a line outside. There is a good reason for this.This food is like anything I've ever eaten...the highlight for me was the green tea leaf salad...which had fermented tea leaves, romaine lettuce, 3 or 4 kinds of nuts, and a very light but tasty dressing. I couldn't eat enough of this, it was terrific.My wife got the rainbow salad, kind of a sweet noodle dish. It was also very good, I think it had 23 ingredients. We also shared the spicy and crispy chicken...it was similar to dishes I've had in Chinese places, but very good.This place is incredible...make sure you order both the rainbow and green tea salads.Go here at an odd time, or be prepared to wait...and don't expect to park anywhere close...but this place is definitely worth the wait.theholstory.blogspot.com
What to say about a place that has been reviewed 800+ times already? Went here late, like around 10pm. The Tea Leaf Salad had the most interesting texture and great flavor too. A little bird foody, but so interesting I did not care. The samusa soup was also exceptional. Worth going back to try more dishes from the menu. I want to try the rainbow salad with 22 ingredients. The Ridge Zinfandel on the wine list by the glass was appreciated and unexpected from the humble storefront. The service was very good, though the place is understandably popular and crowded. They messed up when totaling our bill, and it took a couple tries to get the addition correct, but they apologized profusely and explained that so late at the end of a Saturday night their brain was simply jello. I don't think they were trying to get away with anything. I look forward to going back.
Sorry Burma, but the last couple of times I've come to see you, your food just didn't make my mouth sing like it used to. What happened? My mouth used to water just thinking about you. Is there another customer you favor more than I? Is it me?? Please, tell me what is going on!
Burma Superstar is the star of the Clement Street restaurants. The samusa soup is delicious and the tea leaf salad with about 20 different ingredients is what truly makes them famous, both dishes will charm any carnivore. All the rest of the dishes are truly excellent, even the traditional Chinese dishes are good if you're weary of the Burmese curries they have on the menu. I would give this a five but the wait almost at anytime of the week is truly a challenge. The line is literally out the door, which probably attests to the popularity and the greatness of the food itself. I believe they opened another restaurant (Star) on Geary to spread out the Burmese food love! (That pea dish looks really yummy, I must try it sometime.)
Absolutely phenomenal food - whoever thought of mashing up Thai, Indian, and Chinese influences is a genius. I guess that'd be geography. Anyway, we waited an hour for a table, but were assured that we wouldn't get missed by their excellent policy of taking cell phone numbers on their wait list. There's lots of interesting stuff going on around Clement street (bookstores, bars, bubble tea), so waiting isn't so bad. Once seated, our food came out insanely fast - the service is very efficient.  I tend to like to sit around and savor for a while - Burma Superstar did not feel like that kind of place.
The wait can get me restless even though you can put your name down and head over to the Blue Danube for a coffee drink or throw back a couple of beers. Many of my friends from out-of-town have been brought here and the wait has been from 30 minutes to easily over an hour!Don't get me wrong...I still love this place! It feels homey on a cold, foggy San Francisco night and you sit down for a pippin' hot bowl of Samusa soup. We have basically had tried everything on the menu...here's the low down:-Rainbow Salad, a must!-Tea Leaf Salad-Spicy Chicken w/ Fresh Basil-Coconut Rice-Superstar Noodles-Pea shoots and some good friends to share all this!
The food is amazing: fragrant, complex, memorable. This was also the first time I went to a restaurant and was not carded (I was 21 btw). Definitely share dishes as there is so much to try and you don't want to miss anything. I tried the curry, samusas, stir fry, and a number of other dishes I can't recall. If you haven't tried Burmese food, here's your chance.
This is the one place I MUST go to when I visit San Francisco. When I was first taken there years ago, it was easy to walk straight in to get a table. Unfortunately, that is no longer the case, and on a damp chilly evening like the last time I was there, the wait can be less than fun. However, the food was as good as I remembered, which made it more than worth it. The samusa soup is the thing I can't do without when I go there, but everything I have had--the tea leaf salad and the dry fried string beans stick out in my memory--are also excellent.
You know that the food has got to be pretty damn good just going by the crowd of people waiting for a table on a Friday or Saturday night. I personally waited about half an hour, and this was after calling ahead. The experience here is really all about the great food. The servers seem very knowledgeable and proud of what they serve, and I think that's very important. Their samosas were quite possibly the best I've tried so far, and their samosa soup was simply sublime, but I was a tad disappointed by the tea leaf salad. The salad was awesome by any standard, but after page after page of people gushing over how great it is, it was kind of a letdown. So, if you got some time to kill, try your luck at this place. You might not get a table in an hour or even two, but you'll soon find out why it's worth the wait.
i live less than half a mile from here, but i am sure people park in front of my house to go here. the food is good, service as well. not as good as it used to be, but tea leaf salad is still the thing to get. i like the samusas here, but typically get the superstar shrimp. parking is a mess, like i said, living off clement is bad, try parking on it. prices are fair, always crowded.fyi: if you didn't know, this place is small
When you come to this place, be prepared for a long wait. The place is a little cramped but the service was great. I have yet to try a dish that I haven't liked. You have to order the tea leaf salad. I'm usually not a big fan of salad but there is something about this one that I just can't stop ordering/thinking about it. It is delicious!
wow! what interesting combinations...deliciously different! tastes and textures playing in your mouth...yeah! loved this place too.Unexpected flavors push your palate to new heights in this cozy and many times crowded restaurant. People inside always look so happy and eager to get their food-probably because it takes a while to get seated on weekend nights...decor is fun and funky...the seats are close together ( I almost started eating another tables food it was so close) but again a grand adventure for the taste buds- ample portions and a fun evening all in all!
This establishment gives new meaning to the term "oral pleasure." I'm no South Asian food connoisseur, but I figure twenty people hanging out on the street retelling the tale of how they called ahead an hour ago speak to the fabulousness of the food. You absolutely MUST try the tea leaf salad - take special note of the explosions of flavor bouncing around inside your mouth ... indeed, a party in one's mouth.The vegetarian samusas AND the samusa soup are TO DIE FOR, and come on! The namesake Superstar Noodles are kick-ass. Crap. I just drooled on my keyboard. It's all just so amazing ... I'm in heaven just thinking about it. Aahhh ... give me a minute. Ahem.As many have mentioned, the wait can be moderately obnoxious, but it's worth every starving moment - don't doubt it for a second. When in doubt, hit the 540 Club while you wait. I know I have ... (they have a dollar drink night, kids ... shhhhhh)
*O*H*M*Y*F*R*E*A*K*I*N*G*G*A*W*D*I LOVE THIS PLACE! I'm don't want to be repetitive, because I see that everyone else has posted my sentiments as well. All i can say is that everyday I think about how I can get myself over to Burma Superstar for more tea leaf salad. I'm borderline obsessed. Samosa soup.. burma cooler... coconut rice.... ah.. the list goes on and on... Word to the wise: it's usually a long wait, so make it easier on yourself and go either alone or in a pair.
The place is overrated. The food was alright. They had really good appetizers, I'll give them that.  My friend and I ordered the Burmese samosas and the roasted calamari dish as starters. The Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry), which almost looked like Filipino palabok, was bland. I liked the rice they used for the Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil.  However, the dish itself was too salty. Maybe because we didn't order the "right" dishes or because we didn't try their dinner menu or because I compared the food to my ex-roommates grandma's cooking (which was amazing! especially her fish-cakes!), I wasn't a big fan. Did I mention that the dishes are overpriced? If only my ex-roommates grandma can just open a restaurant...lines for days. Of course he doesn't know any of her recipes. What's wrong with our generation? For most of us, our grandparents or parents cooking is usually the best cooking in our opinions. However, we never find the time to learn their recipes. I lost my grandma this week and the lady can cook! I regret not finding the time to learn her dishes so I can pass it over to my kids and so forth. I'm going to miss her food. Too bad my future children and grandchildren will have a grandmother who can only cook four dishes: a mean top roman, spaghetti, roasted garlic chicken, and spam with eggs. None of which are traditional Filipino dishes. Yep, my kids will be screwed. Okay enough of my rant...
The line is rediculious, but the neighborhood is cute, so it's fun to walk around and check out Green Apple bookstore while you wait. The food is incredible. Best of all is calling ahead, ordering a bunch of stuff and eating it on the floor of your friend's apartment.
Go early and get a seat or simply take out if you want to avoid the wait. The tea leaf salad, coconut rice, and sesame chicken are the most popular items in our household. I love the staff- a couple of them have been there for years and I always enjoy seeing them when we come in. The place has been putting money into improvements and is really starting to look good.
caveat: i am basing this review on my experience with the wait/hostess and not with the actual food. so it probably is really good burmese food.i went here on a thursday night, happily read to wait for a good 45 minutes. after putting my name in, a couple came in directly behind me, waived to the hostess, put in a fake name and fake number, and got seated immediately. when i called the hostess out, she lied straight to my face and said "oh Lily? oh she called in an hour ago"...which they didn't because i clearly saw the guy write his fake name (arthur? or something weird like that and a "fake number" 123-456-7899 - literally the guy wrote this on the wait list sheet). the hostess then proceeded to be coyingly nice to me -and after waiting more than the "20 minutes" she promised (actually an hour) I got fed up and went to Q down street. i was cold hunry and annoyed. and they serve hot tea to those who wait, although in the hour i waited, clean cups were never put out and everyone froze.Listen - i know this place has fantastic food without even eating there. I used to live across the street from Yama and I know about the hidden little Burmese gems across the city....but come on - any restaurant that has a reputation in san francisco and is worth their beans, will honor guests and treat customers with the respect they deserve, especially if they are prepared to wait for quite awhile.  clearly burma superstar plays favorites - or they let their hostesses play favorites with friends- because they are a loved institution in the richmond. but sorry - there are too many good restuarants in san francisco to deal with that kind of shit.if you want REAL CHEAP burmese food, go to Yama on 18th between mission and valencia. 7-8 seats in the whole joint but the food is amazing (if you want asian-y take out with a twist).xoxoxh
The times that I've been here, there are never any time that I don't like. The food is great and they also have a little table-side service which is nice. The tea leaf salad is really good and so is the firey tofu with veggies. Never really order any drinks so don't know how good they are, the atmosphere of the restaurant is cozy however tables are kind of close to each other but its ok since its a small place. If you get there at the right time you don't have to wait too long for a table, but get there when it's busy and you might have to wait awhile.
Upon first visit:"Have you eaten here before?""No.""This will sound weird but we are known for our soups and salads."I can't add much that hasn't already been said. Great spot, nice people, long lines... the cellphone wandering down Clement trick helps ease the wait somewhat. Be sure to try all the rices if going that route. Least favourite but still entirely edible would be the Burmese Curry (I have tried both chicken and beef). It's rather dry and of a complexity that ends up burdening the flavour.A great peek into lesser known SE Asian cuisines and a super spot to take the small town rellies who are looking for something completely different.
The food is amazing, The curries don't faze meTry the SamusasThe Mutton and BusasYou'll be pleasantly full and amused
Burma superstar had fabulous aroma but wait time was 1.5 hours. We went to B-star two blocks away and got seated immediately. Veggie somusa soup, fish (small fish which you dont get else where in SF) and fries, Lyche tea were awesome. They should take reservations by phone, that would be much more convinient.
Ever notice the initials of Burma Superstar are B.S.? Sorry but the experience was not that great. The meat was fatty and inedible, the tables were small, the chairs were rickety and uncomfortable, and it was crazy crowded. There are plenty of Thai and Vietnamese restaurants in the city where the food tastes better and the environment is cozy (yes I like cozy!). True, Burma is not Thailand or Vietnam but who really cares - the dishes are close enough. Definitely not worth the wait out in the cold!
Thanks to all you yelpers for this recommendation!!! This place was EXCELLENT!!! We avoided the long wait by going there when it opened at 5 pm.  Actually I made it to the door at 5:05 pm and took the very last table. There was a line already before the place opened. We had the Burmese Samusas which is raviolis filled with curry spices and potatoes, Tea Leaf Salad which was made with tea leaves, tomatoes, lettuce, dried shrimp, fried garlic, sesame seeds, and peanuts, Spicy Chicken with Fresh Basil which was made with lemongrass, basil, garlic, and sweet peas, Burmese Style Curry Catfish, Platha which is pan fried bread, and Tan Poi which is basmatti rice cooked with cardamom, cinnamon, and raisins. Sorry... did I just make you hungry? The wait staff was super friendly and the food came out very quickly. The food was also well presented. The atmosphere is casual, a bit noisy but that is to be expected, this place is rather small and packed. Parking sucks, it is street parking only and this is a very busy neighborhood. But after eating all that food, the long walk back to the car was welcome. Once again... to full for dessert. Prices are reasonable, especially because the food was delicious!!!!!!
The green tea leaf salad is a must try. Its one of their featured dishes that appeared on the food network. I am not a salad fan but this definitely made me one. The samosas, shrimp curries, veggie curries - all have a great blend of spices are extremely mouth watering and delicious. Great courteous service and well sized portions. Reasonable price. Because of its popularity, you might need to wait a while to get seated but its worth it.
My friend's friend who is certified Burmese said that it was authentic. So Burma Superstar has received the stamp of approval from a Burmese native. The food is really good. I like the rainbow salad the best, even though the name doesn't sound very authentic at all. The wait is looooong so make sure you call them like 15 minutes before so you can get a head start on the waiting list. The reason why this place only gets 4 stars is because I think it's pretty pricy for what the dishes are made of. I mean, the pea shoots are sold in grocery stores near by for like a buck a pound... .but very good! you should try it
So we have found the epicenter of Yelpdom and of Yelpers. It is Clement street in SF, and this restaurant, followed by Green Apple Bookstore down the street. Why all the reviews for this place (750+)? And why all the 5 star reviews? Is it in sympathy to the democracy movement against the Military Junta in Burma? Maybe they ran an advert? I don't get it. We tried the Mango Salad for starters. It wasn't bad. Microscopic julienne slices of mango in this mostly romaine lettuce salad. The grilled crispy onions adds a nice texture to it. The Burmese beef special and the Vegetarian Deluxe Curry special were our mains for a late lunch (2:00pm, only 2 ahead of us on the queue) on a Sunday. The red veggie curry was light on the tofu. It also made me a bit supsicious of the carrots, they were small slivers with tiny scalloped edges on both sides. But the pototoes were large cubes, the broccolli was just pulled apart, and the tomatoes were large quarter wedges. So I immediately suspected the carrots as being frozen! Why fuss with the carrot slivers to add decorative edging, when you didn't do anything of detail to anything else in the dish, unless they came that way out of the frozen bag? Their was a curry like flavor to the dish, but absolutely very little heat from the curry spice of the dish. Very tame, very mild, more like tomato bouillebase. The beef was spicier and good. It was like tri-tips, with a lot of beef, slow cooked to be tender and tasty. All 3 dishes were about $9 each.They charge $3 for tea, $2.75 for Ginger Lemonade, and I think the rice is extra, too. The bill was over $40 (before tip) for lunch! So in addition to this place having a reputation for a very long line/wait and shabby chic decor with cramped, crowded quarters that seats maybe 35 of which 10 you will know intimately, it may also be less of a bargain than you might expect from the crowds trying to eat here. The mystique of a restaurant is a funny thing. All restaurants want it, few have it. This place will have 1,000 curious yelpers write a review before too long, so it definitely has it. Why, I am not sure, since the food is so-so, the place is cramped, the prices could be a little less, and the total experience is average. Meanwhile the other restaurants on Clement (and some on Geary) can only watch with envy, like an older lady that time has past by without generosity, knowing that they opened long ago, in a time before yelp, and the crowds of admirers have someone new to flock around.
Super tasty but the hour-long wait is ridiculous. I do like the fact that you can leave your cell number for a call when thy are ready for you but they seriously need to take reservations! Tried the Rainbow Salad and the Chicken Tofu Kebat. These were both excellent. The Burmese Cooler (ginger lemonade + beer) is also a tasty, refreshing must-try.
Came here with my sister. We had the tea salad, pumpkin pork stew, coconut curry noodles (with fried onions, cilantro, and chicken/shrimp), and ginger lemonade. The food was delicious, but the tea salad wasn't as awesome as I had hoped. Not sure fermented tea leaves are my thing. The service was polite and attentive, despite the impatient crowd at the door.
If the wait wasn't so long, i would've said 4 stars. I got to the restaurant 1.5 hrs behind my friends, and we waited another 1.5hrs before getting in. The food was good, some of it even authentic, although they try a little too hard to be fancy...but nothing that worth waiting 3 hrs for.I would go again....but only if my Burmese friend was there help me skip the line.
The tea leaf salad is the best thing they've got. Try it. I love this place because they have a lot of different creations you would never find anywhere else. This place always has a line and it well worth the wait.
I'll add my praise for the tea leaf salad, which was amazingly good. My daughter and I also shared a chicken curry dish, which was tasty and kind of stewlike. We will definitely return when we are in town!
I guess my 125th review should be worth a dime..maybe more. So, I waited for about 4 hours to get in here. Not really waited but went across the across and got drunk when they called my cell. The food was actually pretty good... the chicken biriyani is one of its kind.. very authentic, Mughal style. The fish curry has bones in it, so as long as you can deal with it - good. It's spicy too. The rainbow salad is apparently their most popular dish, everyone talks about it. Beverage side - try the Burmese beer - worth every drop.I'll go back here again...just scared ass off of the wait.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. There's usually a bit of a wait, but they are pretty cool about letting you leave your phone number and calling you as soon as a table is available. If you're in this part of town do check this place out.
Positives: The coconut fritter (deep fried coconut pudding) with coconut ice cream was ORGASMIC!!!! The mango sorbet is also amaaaaazing!!!! The coconut rice was orgasmic as well. It was a little bit sweet, it was creamy and moist. It also tasted really good with the sesame chicken. But I didn't think the flavor blended well with my citrus chicken. The sesame chicken tasted really good. Looked and tasted like the sesame chicken you could get at any random Chinese food place though; but that's not a bad thing in my opinion. The lettuce wraps were decent. I thought PF Chang's had better though.Negatives: The citrus chicken with peanut sauce sounded amazing but I was a little disappointed when I saw it and tasted it. The sauce was actually not a sauce but a sprinkling of peanuts. The citrus taste was a little too strong and a little bitter. Also, I wasn't acknowledged when I first walked in. It took a while to be seated which I don't understand because it wasn't busy. We were seated right next to the door and it was very drafty because people kept leaving the door open. My boyfriend got his dish about 5 minutes before I got mine and I found it very difficult to get anyone's attention even if I was staring straight at them.Other than that it was good food, a nice atmosphere and affordable.
favorite dishes here are tea leaf salad - wonderfully tart and savory - freshly mixed table side, with a hint of spiciness. and the Burmese fish noodle soup - moohinga (curry based fish stew with cilantro and a medley of Asian spices)
This place is simply zestful and full of life. I always bring my friends from a far here. It has a 97% love ratio. The 3% is one friend that enjoys the bland side of food. He threw a frown but too bad for him I suppose. If you have never sampled this cuisine you maybe missing out.
this place is always packed, but worth the wait. i like that you can leave your cell phone number on the wait list so you don't have to wait around in the restaurant. Clement street is pretty fun to wander around. but back to the food. Of all the things we ordered, i liked the burmese samusas the best. this might be because of my love of fried foods and it might also be because it was a cross between two of my favorite appetizers--lumpia/egg rolls and indian samosas. the inside was a curried mashed potato and the outside was basically egg roll wrapper. we also had the chef's special ribs which were sweet and sticky, almost like peking style spare ribs, this paired nicely with the coconut rice. the biryani was a little smokey but very flavorful. also their nan gyi dok noodle dish was tasty and reminded me of filipino pancit with coconut milk. this was my first time eating burmese food, so i was pretty surpised at how familiar most of the dishes tasted. all in all really tasty.
Not much to say about Burma Super Star except this is one of my all time favorite restaurants in SF. Love the food. The staff is friendly and the service is relatively quick. The joint is a little tight and the wait can be long but I promise you this - it is worth the wait for sure. Their rainbow salad is the DEEE-LISH! And where else can you find four different types of flavored rice. If the wait is too long let the host/hostess know you'll be over at the coffee shop across the street and they'll call you when your table is ready!
The food and service here is incredible. Probably one of the hidden gems of food in San Francisco that's not so hidden. The first time I went was with a friend. We put our name on the list and got a call telling us when our table was ready. The atmosphere had a good vibe and cosy table was ready for us to eat. In the mood for something spicy I ordered the spicy lamb. I told the waitress to make it extra spicey and she urged me just to try it regular so I took her advice. Boy was she right. Overall, the food was great and I left stuffed. I was impressed with how friendly and intetive the servers were and the overall experience. I would definitely highly recommend this excellent restaurant.
Good food, but a little bland. The Tea Leaf Salad is fantastic, there is a spicy garlic shrimp thing that I really like, but beyond that the food isn't that exciting. Solid, but no place to wait in line for an hour or more.
This is one of the restaurants that you wish everyone didn't love...On one hand you're really happy for the owners, but on the other you wish that you and your friends were the only ones that knew about it.Get there early and definitely try: Rainbow & Tea Salad, Samosa Soup, and Pumpkin Pork
Great food, but the customer service is getting frustrating.Tried to go on the 1st, called them as always to get my name on the list. I was told the wait was about 5 minutes, and was told that they don't put call ins on the list for lunch, ok no problem.Head on over, it's always good to go into that neighborhood. About 10 minutes later I'm a block away and I can see a huge crowd waiting to be seated. Frustrated, but undeterred, I walk in and put my name on the list... as soon as I put it down, and an employee walks up while talking to someone on the phone. She picks up the list, asks their name, amount of people, and write their name in right above mine. WTF?!I walk out the door and into the middle of a group of 4 that is complaining about having been waiting for 30 minutes already, and still being 6th on the list.That did it for me, we went to a place called Java and had an amazing lunch. The review is next...
overpriced and catered to americans. the portion is also very small.
I love this place! Amazing food & service. Must try the tea leaf salad!
i have been going to this restaurant for years and i am burmese. this is my favorite restaurant to eat at when i am in town. their food is fresh and authentic. when i group of us go we order Samusa, Fried Squash (off menu item, when in season), On Noh Kauswer, Ginger Salad, Beef Curry, Coconut Rice, SuperStar Noodles, Pea Shoots and Platha. we have ordered the other items as well depending on the group size. the only complaint about this restaurant is how popular it has become over the years. getting a table here is a challenge and the seating room is pretty crammed. the service can be iffy depending on which waiter/waitress is working that day. this place is worth the waiting to eat some good burmese food.
I've been here a couple times, a couple times with the old ownership, and once with the new.So far the food is still great, and the waits are long.Its pretty much always busy, so get there when you can and be prepared - its worth it.
Good food good service but long waiting list
The dishes were good, but the portions were small -- and expensive. If I lived significantly closer I might find myself coming here again, but it's unlikely that I'd volunteer this restaurant. Don't get me wrong, I'd eat here again -- but I wouldn't jump at the chance.
I REALLY WANTED TO LIKE THIS PLACE BECAUSE I HEARD SUCH GOOD THINGS. I CALLED BEFORE I WENT (AS I DO WITH MANY ASIAN EATERIES) TO ASK IF THE USE MSG..........I WAS THINKING "PLEASE SAY NO" ALAS.....THEY USE MSG. ITS SO NASTY. IF YOU LOVE THIS RESTAURANT PLEASE REQUEST THAT THEY STOP. IF ENOUGH PEOPLE WON'T STAND FOR IT MAYBE THEY WILL CHANGE THERE WAYS.DON'T KNOW ABOUT MSG? CHECK OUT THESE LINKS OR GOOGLE IT.rense.com/general52/msg.MSGTruth.org
It's like a mix of thai and indian. It's different. It's delicious. When you're bored of the usual, try Burma SuperStar. Like the other thousand people on yelp, you won't be let down. It's best to go with a group so you can try a variety of dishes. You'll experience so many new combinations of spices and flavors. And when the line is long, simply buy time by heading down the block to Quickly for some boba.
I was waiting to write this review but today seems as good a day as any. Decided to beat the wait and went for lunch. Was seated within 10 minutes and got down to ordering.The lychee sangria was decent, but nowhere near as good as some I've had in Chicago (read Nacional 27 folks)! I did like that at the end I had the good fortune of chomping down on a lychee fruit.The Tea Salad was UNFREAKINBELIEVEABLE!!! I saw tons of fried garlic, sunflowers, peanuts, sesame seeds, and what seemed to be small chickpeas or lentils. This is definitely a top five moment for salads and whenever I'm craving this the Inner Richmond I will head.I also ordered a Samusa soup, however I was not as jazzed about this one. Somehow the fried falafels soaked with juice just didn't do it for me.Atmosphere is meh, but not bad in any sense of the word. I am so happy to know this place exists and I will add it to my daily prayers of thanks to God...;)
Popular, trendy, cozy restaurant serving--you guessed it--Burmese.What is Burmese food? I don't really know. My friend describes it as a cross between Thai and Indian food. I'd say it's moreso Thai, maybe a little Vietnamese too. There's a lot of garlic, chili, and spices. Intense and vibrant flavors.Several friends had recommended this place. A friend and I came for Monday night dinner and waited 20 minutes. In the meantime, there was a Japanese crepe/snack shop across the street to kill time at.1. Food:- Rainbow salad: I really enjoyed this. It's tangy, slightly spicy, sweet, savory, crispy, crunchy, chewy... all at the same time! AND light on the stomach. WHO CAN NAME ALL 22 INGREDIENTS? I'll take a shot - 2 kinds of rice noodle, 2 kinds of flour noodle, green papaya, saffron rice, dried garlic, tofu, onions, dried shrimp, tamarind dressing, chili, bean sprouts? carrots? everything but the kitchen sink? my memory is failing me... eh, 12/22 ain't bad.- Garlic Chili shrimp: It's a little oily and the shrimp are on the small side, but the garlic/chili combo is very flavorful.- Nan Gyi Dok (Mild Coconut Chicken Rice Noodle Curry): This would have been a favorite if the noodles weren't overcooked. I like my noodles with a bite and slightly chewy/elastic. The texture of these noodles was as if I had it for leftovers and microwaved it the next day.- Tan Poi rice: I ordered this one because of the cardamom. The raisins are a nice addition. The rice was decent, but not as fluffy or soft as I would have liked.... This all came out to be around $40, and more than enough for two, as we had leftovers after. There was also a wine, beer, and dessert list, but we passed.2. Service: Since it's a popular place, the wait can be long and service can be a bit slow. But they like to toss their salads at your table which can be somewhat entertaining. Staff was pleasant. Extra points that nobody rushed us or gave us dirty looks as we took our time eating (about 2 hours).3. Atmosphere: wooden tables and seating, fairly lit, trendy casual atmosphere, some cultural decoration, fun, lively and can be a little crowded. We could hear our neighbors' conversations and everytime a waiter came to do the salad toss (we witnessed 4 salad tossings), we felt a little squished.Overall, I think this place is a teeeeeeny bit hyped up - maybe it's the name, the cute logo, or the fact that most people have never tried Burmese food. In the end, I had a really good time and memorable experience here - although mostly due to my company, it wouldn't have been complete without the interesting food, patient staff, and cool atmosphere.
Stumbled upon this place during my first year of college with a few friends who wanted to try something new. Instantly became a favorite after I had their Tea Leaf Salad. I order it everytime I go there. Other recommendations: veggie samusas, catfish soup (it's a different name on the menu), and honey walnut shrimp (typical, but tastes even better when paired with coconut rice). Best time to go is when they open between 5:00 and 6:00. Anytime after that and the wait is 1+ hours, but it's well worth the wait. But they do offer to-go and you can call ahead of time and the food is still just as delicious.
I fell in love with my now-boyfriend over a delicious meal here. He admired the way I gracefully ladled the food from the serving dish onto our plates, and we exchanged an electric current while eating our meals ( I think one was a beef curry, and whatever the other was, it was also great). The clincher was sharing a coconut with two straws; the only restaurant I have seen offer such a romantic delight. If you are looking for a way to charm that soon to be significant other of yours, bring him/her to Burmese Superstar, and let the sparks fly.
This is a 3.5 -- YES the Tea Leaf Salad is the goods, and yes there are many other tasty options on the menu here. The staff is very cordial. But Burma SuperStar is in some ways a victim of its own success. It can barely handle its popularity. Not only will you wait for a table, but you're also going to wait for your food. Awhile.The restaurant does have an arrangement with the Blue Danube cafe directly across the street, where if you go over there for a beer or a glass of wine, they'll call or come over for you once the your table is ready. And the Blue Danube is a fun place to wile away the evening.If you get tired of sitting around, there's always Mandalay over on California.
Convenient wait, Yummy, and Quick Service. . . . I'd never been here before but have always heard great things about Burma Superstar except for the fact that there's always a line. I walk up to the hostess and she lets me know the wait will be about 30 minutes, I put my name down and she asks me for my cell phone so she can call me once my table is ready!!! Loved it!!!! She suggested B Star to grab a drink or a snack if I was hungry....it's awesome to be able to go somewhere while you wait and not feel tied to a place because you don't want to miss your name being called. =( We ordered a little bit of everything and was pleasantly surprised by a lot of coconut, basil, and refreshing fruits in most plates. The Platha and Dip was heaven along with the Burmese Style Curry (lamb). The food just kept coming out, we started with the Sangria, which you must have if you go, Lychees . .that's all I'm gonna say about that!!! Yumm!!! We literally finished our dinner in about an hour after being seated, the drinks were kept full, and the service was overall seamless from beginning to end. For being a small restaurant and usually having a line, not once did me and my friends feel rushed. Good good good, go go go, and please get dessert!!!!!!! =)
We tried Burma Superstar for the very first time last Saturday, and it was definitely one of the best dining experiences we've had in our 3+ years in the city. On a tip from a friend we called well in advance to get our names on the list, showed up on time after a bit of the usual parking fiasco that maligns our fair city, had what amounted to MAYBE a 10-15 minute wait, and then chooooooooowed down. Excellent flavor combinations in every dish we tried + friendly, prompt service + good friends + a somewhat cramped, but still comfortable atmosphere = a damn good spot that should be tried by all.
Here's a secret. You don't have to stand on line outside for hours. Next time you go to BSS, ask for the phone number to put your name on the list. Then, you just have them put your name on the list for you and you arrive to wait a few minutes instead of an hour or so.
Great food here. Problem is place is always packed and it's frustrating waiting for a place to sit down. Tables are too close together and privacy is down to an all-time low. Remember we are here for the quality of food and it fulfills that. I love their 23 ingredient salad (very healthy). Alcohol is terrific. Anything on their menu is top notch.
To be honest, the food is great, BUT they always have lines of people lunch time or dinner doesn't matter. And when people are hungry the reasonable time to wait is 30 MAX (i am being liberal about the time and considering location, interior, absense of parking), not longer than that. It definitely takes longer and they don't take reservations BAD!!!, unorganized. Waters seem to be in a hurry and rushing customers to make their choice. Would probably be right to say that the food is good, but not to the extent to wait for that long just to eat toand to be in and out, w/o enjoying inside athmosphere. Interior deasign and cleanness of the place remains a lot to be desired, considering that it is after a light upgrade. It is too small, dark ceiling seems dark and low. Well, i would pass and look for equivalent/alternative food where i don't have to wait.
foods is delicious, cute asian waitress, what can u ask for LOL!!!!! beware of the long ass wait, 45mins..but worth a try :)
I had heard about this place, and would've never thought it to be as amazing it looks. From the outside, it's quite unassuming, tucked away among the inner richmond's shops and similar-looking eateries... except this place always seems to have a line, a wait.... and rightly so. THE FOOD WAS INCREDIBLY FLAVORFUL, RICH, DELICIOUS. I'd never had 'burmese' food before, and really recommend this spot for anyone curious about the cuisine, or simply craving some tasty food.
creative menu, fun atmosphere. my girlfriend and i arrived in the richmond on a swirling and misty evening later in the evening and were greeted with tasty bites and good service. a bit strangely, by 1030pm the place had gone from a crazy busy place with people whizzing about to a dead zone ... we could feel the chill waiting for us outside. still worth it
Maybe I'm just a genius, but I always schedule my visits to Burma Superstar so as to avoid the crowds and I've never waited for a table. So I don't have much sympathy for those who whine about not getting seated promptly.Anyway, come here for their Burmese specialties and you won't be disappointed. I've tried almost all of the menu items marked as "Burmese," and can honestly say there's not a mediocre selection among them. The Tea Leaf and Rainbow salads are as good as most people claim, and don't miss the samusas and/or the Samusa Soup.
This is the kind of restaurant that makes me wish I still lived in SF. A great experience overall, but if you're not into the crowded-restaurant-waiting-for-a-table thing, you definitely want to be cognizant of when you go. All the food was amazing. The calamari looked so good, I had to taste it. And I HATE calamari. If they can get me to eat that, it must be good.
Burma Superstar is the first restaurant that I ate at in San Francisco, and I have indubitably eaten there more than any other restaurant in the Bay Area. My boss/foodiesoulmate and I would have "lunch meetings" throughout the year by ourselves and with colleagues. Every single time I had a visitor from out of town, I took them to Burma Superstar.WHY am I so obsessed with this place?Burma Superstar is the place that awakened me to Burmese cuisine, whose range of flavors and textures is the most unique and exhilarating of any that I have ever tried. This likely due to the amalgam of influences: Chinese, Indian, and Thai. My two "must have" items are a testament to this cuisine's amazing complexity.1) Tea Leaf Salad: salty, pungent fermented tea leaves in oil, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, peanuts, dried lentils, dried garlic, dried shrimp, tomato, lettuce, jalapeno, a splash of fresh lemon squeezed. The flavors are bold and bright, while staying fresh with the lettuce and tomatoes. Honestly, it is unlike anything I had ever tasted, and I can hardly explain it any better than to just tell you that you MUST try this for yourself. In the Mandalay v. Burma Superstar debate, the Tea Leaf Salad alone steals the title for BS...seriously, the tea leaves' strong flavor is unmatched. My boss and I even tried to ask every single person who works there on different occassions, "Where do you get your tea leaves? We'd love to make this at home." The answer was always the same, as if scripted from an employee's training manual, "Burma." We went to Mandalay and asked them the same, their answer: "Burma Superstar." WTH?!?  Well thanks to Talk, I found out that they ARE available for sale in some legit and some clandestine locations in the Bay Area...and Jay to the Eff T. was kind enough to retrieve some for me from Newark at Good Luck Yogurt yelp.com/biz/IxAgjAt3a3b. While it was nice to be able to make the salad at home....it was really nothing like the real thing from BS. Those Burma Superstar tea leaves are worth their weight in gold and unicorns.2) Vegetarian Samusa Soup: another beautiful marriage of flavors and textures. This thick soup is spicy, savory, curry-like. Within the soup are broken up bits of samusas, similar to the Indian samosa. The crunch from the fried samusas, the mush from the potato filling, the subtle bite from the thinly sliced raw onion. dalfkjsdklafjdkasfjdakljfslk!The burmese style curry chicken w/ lentils served with the coconut rice (MUST get this!) is another standby (watch out for the bones!). Rainbow salad and ginger salad are a few other things to try...the noodle salad leaves much to be desired (less flavor than you'd expect, the cold noodles are a little too overcooked). Pea shoots are nice and tender, but salty and way overpriced. Ooh, also try the pumpkin curry w/ pork. And the catfish...ooh, that catfish curry is good. Basically, have anything marked w/ a star for authentic Burmese (since the menu also has Chinese food). You can get sesame chicken a million other places.Alright, well b/c I like to provide balanced reviews, the cons: Yes, so the wait is RIDICULOUS for dinner, but my secret is to hit this place up for lunch. Seriously, go at 11:30. No wait. Never go for dinner, or you will just end up pissed off. For somewhere I rave so madly about, you might ask: why only 4 stars? Well, while on the whole the quality of the food is always exciting and better than average, there are sometimes inconsistencies. Like the samusas will be overcooked and kind of burned rather than delightfully crunchy. I've also had some of their rice casserole dishes, which was dry. Also, they are heavy on the MSG/salt...so I often end up w/ food coma + MSG poisoning headache. Not to mention, as Faffy L. has pointed out, they do tend to give better treatment to the pooties. Too many little annoyances (plus the inability to ever eat dinner there ) have critical mass to warrant docking a star. :/ALL THAT SAID, I still have mad love for Burma Superstar. Next time I'm in town, maybe I can play visitor and you can take me to BS?
Went here again over the weekend, I just can't get enough of the rainbow salad! We just love this place, great food and excellent service!
I love coming here as most of their dishes are packed with flavor...The Rainbow Salad alone is worth the 4 stars...I also recommend the Fiery Beef with Tofu, The Spicy Calamari with Basil. The wait can be long sometimes but we hang out at the Blue Danube across the street and sip beers while we wait.
My first Burmese restaurant and I guess that creates complications because I will always compare future Burmese restaurants with Burma SuperStar and that makes it very hard. The name is absolutely adequate for this place. I'll be back!
Does B Superstar really need another review? Probably not, but I wanted to add this for people who complain about the wait. Dude, give the hostess your number and tell her to call you when they're ready. I didn't even have enough time to finish my Hefeweizen when she called and told me my table was ready. Alternatively, put in a pick-up order by phone and enjoy the samusa soup at home with your honey. And yes, the samusa soup really is THAT good. So there.
I've been here about a half-dozen times and loved it each time. The only things I don't love are the long wait and the cramped space. Their samusas are good and the yellow curry pork is great. The pumpkin curry is pretty good and the flatbread is yummy but oh so bad for you. The rainbow chicken and mango chicken are delish. I've heard that their Sangria is pretty good too, but since I don't drink, I cannot say with a certainty. But damn, it is always so crowded! Fantastic food, terribly long wait, but friendly and competent staff. Still can't decide if I like this place or Mandalay better for "Burmese" food. I'll just have to go back to both and compare...
We came here during lunch hour on a weekday and the place was pretty busy. We were seated immediately without having to wait. The atmosphere is pretty cozy and the wait staff were very friendly.We ordered the samusa soup, tea leaf salad, and vegetarian noodles. The samusa soup was very hearty and contained a lot of ingredients in every bite. It was kind of zingy and zesty tasting, which I didn't really prefer. The tea leaf salad was packed with nuts and crunchy things. It was way too salty and tangy for me to finish my portion. Maybe we just got a bad plate? The only thing I really liked was the vegetarian noodles.Overall, I say this place is over-hyped. My friend enjoyed it though. I would come back to give the other dishes a try. Maybe I'll have better luck next time.
I never had Burmese...til today....must admit, I was pleasantly satisfied. I came here with some co-workers / friends for a b-day and at the insistance of one of them...had to give prop...for I had no clue Curry went beyond the Indies (India that is). So having tasted the Currie: Beef Currie Noodles, Catfish Chowder and the Fiery Chicken Basil, among other dishes, (oh yeah, we all shared BTW) I was like woah! (burp)....NICE! The ambiance was quite family-oriented and the service...yes their service... was swift and efficient thus my 4 stars...(because I couldn't have alcohol at this establishment: "no 5 stars for you") I soo totally recommend them and of the dishes mentioned...I leaned towards the fiery chicken basil: curry is offset quite nicely with the peppers and onions served on a blanket of coconut rice of which I washed down with a soothing ginger ice tea....ahhhhh!
As already stated the tea leaf salad is amazing....but what prompted me to post was this: as far as the wait goes the few times I have been there they will take your cell phone number and call you. So you can go grab a beer or checkout some nearby shops. Makes the wait a non issue. Just don't go really hungry.I didn't read down far enough. I just noticed that other people already said this...oh well can't hurt to say it again.
I LOVE THEIR RAINBOW SALAD! It has components of all flavors and you can taste every single one! Just the ticket for my palate when I can't decide what to eat! I hate the wait but its worth it for me. The samusas and teas aren't bad either! I don't usually order much of anything else because a double order of the rainbow salad hits the spot every time!
this is the first burmese restaurant i've been to and i dont like coconut in my food either. i tried their Nan Gyi Dok and it was alright just because i could taste the coconut in the curry. it would have been delicious if they could somehow omit the coconut from the curry tho. i realized i wanted the flat noodles not the burmese noodles so next time i'd like to try their other curry noddles tho it sounds like they will basically taste the same except a different type of noodle is used. i would still like to try their Rainbow Salad - 22 ingredients!
It's all about the Tea Leaf Salad. I would wait in line for 30-45 minutes for the Tea Leaf Salad alone.
you should definitely call an hour ahead because it gets crazy busy here. even if you did have to wait, i'd say it was still worth it. this is one the restaraunts i always feel i need to bring visitors too. i would recommend the:samosa soup (eat it with the platha)rainbow saladtea leaf saladbeef kebat
so.. burma superstar.five star.i was wondering what the hype was about on this restaurantand now i kno why.this place is GOOD.not having a single clue on what to order from this place.my boyfriend and i randomly chose 2 dishes.the curry eggplant & the first noodle order on the menu.(i forgot it)and lemme say.the noodle order was OFF THE HOOK good.the curry eggplant was soaked in oil which was a little creepybut it was good nonetheless.the wait for this restraurant was incredible so we just ordered take out.and im pretty sure the food tastes just as good.overall.i would MOST DEFINITELY come back to burma superstar to try out the rainbow salad. and that noodle order again.YUMM! :D
I've never had Burmese food before, but it was a great surprise. I'm not too much into spicy food and they were very accommodating about that. The group I was with love spicy and when you want spicy they deliver. We tried a couple of dishes and all were good. So definitely give this place a try. Even though there was a line out the door the entire time we were there on an average Monday the service was awesome and they didn't rush us out of there. So that wins major points with me.
Love this place...sometimes they have a long wait, but they'll take down your cell phone number and the cafe directly across the street has beer, wine, coffee, tea, and a selection of snacks to keep you occupied while you wait. Definitely worth the wait!
Burma Superstar! Great Restaurant. I loved the service, loved the food. This is a very popular Burmese place in San Francisco. So if your around the bay area you should stop by this restaurant.
I just ate here for the first time with three girlfriends, but the friend who introduced us to Burma Superstar brings everyone who visits from out of town there for a meal.We started with the tea leaf salad which was excellent, and the vegetarian samusa soup which was also excellent, though a little bit on the spicier side. The pieces of samusa floating in the soup added a nice explosion of crunch in your mouth, which was great.As entrees we shared the sesame beef and the coconut chicken curry rice noodles, both were delicious. The beef was just sweet enough, with perfectly toasted sesame seeds. The chicken and noodles was very spicy, but SO tasty, and the pieces of chicken were very tender. We also had the plain platha, which was flaky and delicious if a bit greasy. It's great to dip in the samusa soup!The service was very attentive, our water glasses were constantly being refilled and the servers were very friendly.This is not somewhere to go for a romantic evening out as it is always crowded and quite noisy, and there is usually a 20-40 minute wait for dinner. They do have hot tea in the vestibule area for while you wait outside for your table, which seems like a nice touch. We need not have to take advantage of this as one of my dining companions had the phone number and had called ahead to put our name on the list. They do not take formal reservations, but I strongly advise calling ahead.
go there, be a living witness! good food, great service...get there early or you will wait to be seated for a long long time!! bad sex is truly overrated!!nuff said!!
Went for lunch and it was fine. The pumpkin pork and the beef curry were tasty. I would say the highlights are the Chimay on tap and the coconut rice. I dunno if I would wait for hours here though -- we didn't have to wait long since we went at an off hour, but the tables were crowded together and it wasn't phenomenal. I just don't get the hype.
3.5 starsso they dont really take reservations, however u can call about an hour or 2 before u want to eat and they'll put u down on their waitlist and call u when a table is ready, so you dont actually have to stand around for 30-60 mins in the SF cold. portions are small.... but a part of me is okay with that because of the obesity in america i'm glad restaurants are cutting portions (although i doubt the obesity problem is their reason for doing it).restaurant is small, and it was kind of loud. and it does not matter what day of the week you eat here, always expect some sort of a wait. (again, call them). so... is the wait worth it? well, i hate salads ok, (unless if the salad is 2 parts meat, and 1 part lettuce). however they have this famous tea leaf salad that everyone and their moms are raving about. they made this salad out to be like the 2nd coming of a christ-like experience in dining. well the salad was definitely something u need to try if u've never before. the unique textures and combination of spices are really worthwhile. however, like i said, i dont do salads, still dont, and i will not order this again.we also ordered this beef dish that i thought was basically wok seared beef, however it came swimming in this red, tomato-like sauce, and had more tomatoes in it than beef! yuck!then we ordered the okra and deep fried hardboiled eggs curry, and i swear to jesus they used the exact same "curry" sauce as our non-curry beef dish. again, way too many tomatoes!!the deep fried coconut pudding dessert was whatever... ice cream was good, the deep fried part was fine, the coconut pudding inside was not. it tasted like it came from a can. overall, this is one of those places ppl go to because they want to feel 'cultured' by trying something non-cliche. i can't speak for it's authenticity, perhaps, i just ordered all the wrong dishes.i probably wouldnt come back... unless i 4got i came here before, which happens more often than not.
It is soo strange! LONG LONG TIME ago, before Yelp, I tried this place a few times (cuz everyone said it was good) and thought it was JUST OK... ... BUT I recently tried BBS again and I am so hooked! I LOVE the tea lef salad and the fish chowder!!! I found myself craving the soup!! We went twice once week and then for the next 4 weeks.. we ordered take out... It is too crowded so take out is fine with me...
Two stars for the wait and five stars for the food that makes it worth the wait. Made a bee-line for the tea leaf salad. It was hard enough that I was having my tea leaves (literally) read over an intense conversation about my future with two very smart people. Sigh..I still dont know what I want in life...umm I mean food wise!The Samusa soup fed my soul while the Veggie Curry fed my acidity. I'd say circumvent the latter and try the poodi (I haven't and have been wanting to, so maybe I'll live vicariously through you).If I had one magic wish - I'd say I want the whole of Burma to myself just for one day - clamoring to wait on me. Try every vegetarian dish on the menu. But then I dont have a wish, much less be stupid enough to waste it on a restaurant...or would it?Alas the priorities of a foodie!
After circling around the blocks several times we found a spot and headed for this highly recommended restaurant. We started with the popular tea leaf salad that was presented very nicely with an explanation of the ingredients (fermented tea leaves, peanuts, Romaine lettuce, lentils and a few other items). The salad was then tossed in front of us with a unique dressing. Me, I thought the flavor was o.k., nothing to rave about.There were two gentlemen sitting at the next table who ordered a wonderful looking salad called "Rainbow Salad" which looked like it might me more compatible with my taste buds. These guys had dined here the previous year and went home to Minnesota only to pine about their memory of this place unitl they could come back again. My lunch date and I decided on a fresh lemonade made with ginger. The balance and marriage of these two flavors was very refreshing.We also tried the tofu, lotus root and asparagus over fried rice and the seasame chicken. I'd recommend the first dish for uniqueness and deliciousness.
went here for my sisters bday dinner with the fam bam on a tuesday nite....knew they took no reservations & there was possibly a long wait...the all u can drink tea & lil outdoor heaters for the waiting customers is always a positive...if there is goin to be a long wait~theyll take your phone# down & call u when ready...to kill time theres several coffee shops/bars here in the aves....had the salt/pepper calamari~moh hinga (catfish chowder)~tea leaf salad~garlic shrimp~spicey chicken~lemongrass slamon....probably wont be back unless its a special occasion....
OVERRATED. Rushed, crappy service and mediocre, salty food. Upon ordering, our waitress remarked, "Those are Chinese items. Don't you want to order the tea leaf salad? That's what we're known for." Um, I don't need your commentary on my order - if it's on the menu, and I'm the paying customer, I can order whatever I want without your snarky comments. Even though we went early enough where there were empty tables and no wait outside, we felt very rushed. The hostess came by to clean up our plates and also remarked, "Hm, I've ordered everything on the menu except that one." WTF? I don't give a damn what YOU want to order - last time I checked, you're the one taking my order, not paying for it. Never saw the waitress except for when the bill came. Lame service, lame food. Lame all around.
To wait for an hour while reading a good book or having a friendly conversation, in the coffee right in front of the restaurant, and all because the waiter from Burma has checked on you, ask if you were cold and suggested to go there while she was writing down your phone number to call you asap your table was going to be ready. This is turning a weakness into a strength, a one hour waiting into part of an oustanding experience. The rest of the evening just kept on dancing
Favorite restaurant in SF. Worth the 1.5hr wait. Parking in the area is a nightmare though.
My FAVORITE restaurant in SF. It was amazing!
I want to baste myself with the sauce from the pork curry. I think I could eat it for lunch and dinner for a week (but probably not for breakfast). The samusa appetizer was great, the Firey Chicken was also excellent. My friend went back the next day and said it was just as good. I am going to eat there again and again.
Most likely you will like everything on the menu, also order the white sangria. I recommend going in a group so everyone can share. ENJOY! I recommend going during "off" peak hours it does get packed!
After so many times turning away from this place due to the long lines, we finally got in, and it was worth the wait. The On Noh Kauswer was delicious as were the rest of dishes we ordered.
Took our LA friends there for dinner after the SF marathon. It was Sunday and the wait was ridiculously long...about 1 hour. Ordered tea leaf salad, oxtail, lamb curry, chicken curry noodle and ribblets. The food were ok not great as reviewed by other yelpers. I always thought Burmese food is spicy. Dishes lack spices and probably was intentionally toned down for our American friends. Not worth the wait.
I don't really need to write this review -- you all know Burma SuperStar is legendary. But when you wait for two hours for a table, you gotta tell as many people as you can about how phenomenal the food is. So, it's phenomenal.Get the tea leaf salad. Good lowrrd, is it tasty!
Non-authentic, overpriced, and overvalued. That about sums it up. If you are in the mood for some overrated food, but all means go there. The Burma cooler is $6.50 a glass, consisting of flat beer, some lemonde and ginger (ale). Nothing special here. The tea leaf salad tastes fine, but boy, are you going to be hungry after this as there is no speck of meat or anything - $9.50 for some greens! Garlic noodles with duck are a small bowl of pasta swimming in oil, with the smallest portion of duck meat ever seen. Service is just ok. All this begs the question why people wait one hour to get into this place, just get ripped off. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this overrated place. There are many much better restaurants in walking distance from this place.
Food was great here but service was a bit slow. Rainbow salad was great and the curry chicken was even better. I wasn't hungry but found myself licking my plate clean. My thai iced tea was also one of the best ones I've ever had and my husband's mango coconut drink was awesome. It reminded me of a mango lassi you would get at an Indian restaurant.
When I moved to the Richmond, it took me several months to finally get over the permanent line and check this place out: I was sad I waited, because this place was one of my favorite places to eat in the neighborhood. I'm going to have to go back soon.I'd give their burmese lemon ginger beer concoction a pass: I liked it the first time I tried it, but haven't since. I asked the waiter what beer they used, and he just smiled and said it was a secret. Dinged for the wait: Blue Danube across the street actually has its own merits, but if it didn't I'd wonder if there was a Burma SuperStar halo effect keeping it alive.
There's a reason why this restaurant has over *2300* reviews... and why I keep going back.
The food here is amazing! Really interesting flavors and combinations. The vegetarian samusa soup is crazy good...filled with broken up pieces of falafel and samusas. Yeah, it's strange...but, really good. The lemongrass salmon is delicious - sweet, spicy and salty all at once - a party in my mouth! The vegetable cuury delux was good, but nothing to write home about. The platha which this fried layered dough was so yummy, but most things are pretty good if you fry them up. For dessert, I recommend the banana chocolate spring rolls (i'm sure that's not what they were actually called, but you get the idea)...wow! The line to this place though is ridiculous. The host staff is rude, but the wait staff is super nice. :)
thanks for the free thai iced tea (yep we checked- in)aside from their famous tea leaf salad, beef curry and samosas, their desserts are also a must try
Stop reading reviews, just go get in that line, it's totally worth it.
This is my second visit and my last. 3 of us ate the tea leaf salad, calamari, spicy chicken and tofu and the beef curry. the best dish was the tea leaf salad, lots of ingredients and actually had some flavour. the calamari was okay and the chicken and tofu had plenty of tofu and not a huge amount of chicken. the beef curry had large chunks of beef and not much else going on in the flavout department. the sides fo rice were great but did not enjoy the bread, it was kind of like lots of layers of filo pastry deep fried.that said, service was excellent and super friendly. not sure what all the hype is for about this place. there are so many better options without the hour wait.
I'm definitely glad I was finally able to eat here. Everything was very tasteful. The tea leaf salad was GOOD although sometimes when you go in with too high expectations you're anticipating some kind of miracle. All the noodle dishes looked great and the pumpkin shrimp was wonderful. For a couple hours after I had a really strong garlic taste in my mouth and I think I had flavor overload. I'll definitely come here again but I myself enjoy the tastes of vietnamese food better. THe ingredients tend to be simpler (no where did i say less salty..). I think the burma superstar fans would LOVE pho phu quoc on 19th and irving. if you grew up in sf and don't eat at PPQ then you're practially commiting a sin. GO THERE NOW and try their imperial rolls and charbroiled beef.
Complex and intriguing flavors. Interesting dishes. Had the Samosa soup and the tea leaf salad, mixed at the table, along with a prawn curry pumpkin entree, all delicious. Had a stewed chicken dish that seemed more like crockpot chicken, looked like beef stew and wasn't our favorite dish. Conconut rice side was light and perfect as a side dish and to cool down the spices. About $20 a person for a hearty meal.
Excellent food. Get the 21 ingredient salad. You won't be disappointed.
the tea leaf salad itself is definitely "an experience." it was so much of an experience that i can't remember the rest as well. food was decent, but i can't get the salad experience out of my head. there's so many flavors going on it's crazy.
I came here 5 minutes before noon on a weekday and was seated immediately. I came here with a friend so we ordered three things off the lunch special:- Burmese samusas- See Jyet Kauswer (garlic Noodles with duck)- Chicken curryI wasn't really impressed with any of the dishes. The noodles were on the bland side. The garlic in the noodles tasted a little burnt, not a great taste. And the curry didn't taste like anything different. I would have to say the samusas were the best.
not bad, but I think Mingalaba in Burlingame is better. The wait isn't as nightmarish, either.
if i could only eat one thing for the rest of my days on this earth...tea leaf salad from burma superstar it would be! ferociously fantastic.
OK, so the wait sucks. But the brilliant light at the end of that tunnel: Pumpkin Stew with Pork. It's so worth it. :)
I've never had Burmese food before but this was delicious! I loved the tea leaf salad and their curry. Although the line is usually out the door, I definitely think it's worth the wait.
Meh, the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, and coconut rice are outstanding, but unfortunately, perfecting three dishes does not warrant a five star rating when everything else is average at best. I've been here about 6 times and have been nonplussed by everything that wasn't the three aforementioned dishes.
Indecisive about where to eat dinner at 10 minutes until five and you happen to be on Clement? There's no place better than Burma Superstar.Our timing was as perfect as our experience. My friends and I were seated immediately at the table next to the window, where I gradually saw the congregation of Burma supporters increase in size and anxiety.We got the vegetarian samosas, vegetarian tea leaf salad, vegetable curry delux, and eggplant with garlic sauce. The samosas were perfect in their crisp, the salad exploded with which what seemed like one hundred different textures and distinct flavor. To say the least, the three of us were completely silent as we enjoyed some of the best food we've had in a while.
This was my first time eating Burmese food and I was really looking forward to something new. The wait at Burma Superstar was long (very popular on a Saturday afternoon) but well worth the it The food was slightly spicy but full of interesting flavors. Every dish we got was delicious and exciting. Our selections included a salad and a fried rice salad, both of which came with a bunch of different ingredients such as fried garlic which were mixed at the table. The restaurant itself was interestingly decorated but a big noisy. I look forward to eating here again.
so the wait was dumb-dumb long.buuuuut that's where my complaints end. I wanted to lick my plate and lick my friend's plate and then steal the leftover coconut rice bits from my neighbor's table. I'm serious, the food is tap dance good. Listen, when you go please do me and yourself a favor and eat the coconut rice and have a lychee Sangria. After you try those two things, you will want to hunt me down and plant a huge kiss on my forehead- but don't really, because i'm not used to strangers kissing my forehead.food = good. wait = longbring a book, a friends, whatever just be prepaired to wait for some stupid good food.
The best food in the WORLD!! Atmosphere, food, affordabilty, all amazing - the only only setback is the wait - come here as early as you can, before 7, and you should be good - otherwise, be prepared for a 1-2 hour wait.It's all about the RAINBOW SALAD! you don't need to order ANYTHING else!
Yeah, this place has good food. The only thing I want to add is that if you're hung-over and feeling weird and need food to soak up the alcohol in your tummy, don't go to Burma Superstar. The wait alone while hung-over is unbearable, but what's worse is, while their food is delicious and rich with spices; it is not the type of meal you'd want to risk having to revisit later that day. A hung-over stomach sans spices is already bad enough. You throw a bunch of turmeric and chili powder and tea leaf and dried shrimp up in there, you're looking at a world of pain.
OK, so I agree with Charlene -- it IS Rainbow Crack Salad. The addiction is real -- I've had in 3x in the last 7 days. But, I think I'm over it now. My first time (ouch), I was in love. Second time was good. Third time, I was ready to move on to something/place different.We were the idiots who waited 2 hours the first time we went, but had fun getting drunk on sangria at Blue Danube across the street. The Superstar Shrimp stood out, as did the Eggplant dish. Service was friendly and helpful in making recommendations.The second time, we wised up and called for take-out. It was as good as what we got inside the restaurant.I guess it's my fault for obsessing over one dish and not branching out to others (I've read the tea leaf salad is worth trying). So, I'm giving it 3 stars for now, but am on the fence. Will go back another time or two to try new dishes -- and who knows...it may bump up to 4 stars.
i have been to both locations (oakland and sf), although i prefer the one in the city more, the differences are really not that great. Both places have AMAZING food. I think their tea leaf salad alone is reason enough to come here. This may make me sound like a fat ass, but I will order two orders of the salad just for myself. Their spicy eggplant, mango curry, and samosa soup is also really good.If you have not been to Burma Super Star or ever eaten Burmese food you are definitely missing out and need to get yourself over to this spot asap.
So Good and Cheap - More for take out
the tea leaf salad was the highlight of the meal. easily the best salad i've had. reasonable prices and you can share with another person. the environment is lively but don't come at the wrong time or else youll be waiting in line for a bit
I really wonder what the hype is all about with this place. Maybe because I've already been to a better restaurant with better and CHEAPER food... People! If you love Burma, I suggest you try Innya Lake (on San Mateo Ave) in San Bruno!
My friend and I walked by on our way to B Star and saw that there was no wait... AT ALL. What? It was freaky. Anyway, my friend said she wanted to come here instead because we were already outside, so we did, despite my bitter anger towards them. We ordered the tea leaf salad, pumpkin pork stew, and curry eggplant. I like the tea leaf salad at B Star better but I am absolutely in love with the pumpkin pork stew. How do they get the pork so tender? I've been trying to find a recipe online for something similar but nothing seems like it would be as tasty. The curry eggplant was good too and I liked how it wasn't soaked in oil and I could still taste the eggplant. The service was still rushed even though there were empty tables but I think that's just how they roll. If ever I were to walk by again and there be no line, I would definitely eat in. For now, I will plan to get more take out of the pumpkin pork stew.
I have a great time and great food everytime I go here. a good friend, who is from Burma, told me the food isn't the most authentic but is pretty good. Everything i've had has been great. the samsoas are amazing.
My recent visit here warranted a re-evaluation. I really enjoyed my meal this time. i got the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, a curry, and a spicy lamb dish. they were all delicious, albeit, still a bit salty. And this place is pretty reasonably priced for SF.
Everyone always complains about the wait but the thing is, you can call ahead and put your name down. I know they say they don't take reservations but this is virtually the same thing. They take your name and number and let you know how long the wait is and they put you on the list and call you a few minutes you're supposed to be there. Easy peasy. This place is quite tasty. It doesn't quite live up to the hype and (really who could?) but I would definitely come back. My favorite are the special ribs and the chicken cardamon casserole. Yuuuuuum. The place has a nice ambiance and I've always found the staff to be attentive, friendly and quite good at handling the hordes of people always waiting to come here.
Don't do it... Burma Superstar's best days are over. This used to be my favorite restaurant in SF --- that is before they were featured on Food Network and went all commercial. Now, no more smoothies, no more faloodas --- all because they take too much time in the kitchen to make. You order a dish nowadays, and it comes out in 2 minutes. This place is TOTALLY different than it was 2-3 years ago.And, on top of that, the food is totally oily.
So wonderful I had the tasty tea leaf salad, the samosa soup, and the sesame chicken all amazing. So many unique flavors and textures
Had the pork curry with coconut rice and samusa soup. Food was good, but totally not worth the super long wait. I'd rather go to Mandalay on California if it means not having to wait.
i would kill for the food here. if i was to have one last meal, it would be here. i would order the samosas and die happily. all soups are tasty. the coconut rice is also a must have. and i love the garlic chili shrimp.bad note: the wait can be more that 1 hr at times...ok maybe everyday of the week during prime dinner hours. plus side, call the waitlist number and put your name down early!! waitlist: 4153507117also you can park at the bus stop next door after 8pm =) parking if rough around this area.
Who doesn't love Burma Superstar? Well, the waiting line is pretty ridiculous, but atleast you can call in and put yourself on the list instead of waiting outside the restaurant. The salads are pretty original and has a distinct flavor that I've never experienced in any other restaurants, but I can't say I love it. I do love their beef with curry. I would say the best thing on the menu is the Coconut Rice!! LOVE IT!
Went here last week with a vegan friend from the UK and my husband. The food ranged from solidly good to surprisingly wonderful (I can't stop thinking about the tea leaf salad). The staff was laidback and always had a smile on their face which made me feel like I was in that part of the world again. But the wait was too long and I don't think I would go back again because of that (maybe order take out instead?).
Nice place, Definitely worth a return visit. Very simple, coffee house, no frills atmosphere. Service staff was very attentive - maybe too much so because of the of would be diners waiting outside. We had the Tea Salad, Vegeterian Noodles, Chicken Casserole and Burmese Samusas. Loved the salad and the noodles, Samosas were good, not great and the casserole was not so good. Total tab w/ a bottle of wine, tax + tip was $136
My first time there the wait was an hour and a half, so I was prepared to declare it not worth it, but it was worth it. Sure, now that I live in the East Bay I can drive to the Alemeda version without much of a wait, but I can't deny the food is very tasty. Sure, like everyone I like the Samusa soup, but my true favorite on the menu is Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice. One time I even ordered it to go because I wanted to try other things, but just couldn't resist to opportunity to get some. The tea leaf salad here is okay, but would probably be better without the lettuce--to me it seems like watering down a good thing.
Living on third ave and clement, it's a sin not to check this place out. I've heard nothing but rave reviews yet I was left unsatisfied after having lunch there today. The wait is ridiculous, the service is mediocre, and the food is.......so-so. Ok well, the samosas were awesome but the crispy and spicy chicken is not so spicy and definitely not crispy. Let's just say, it isn't worth a $50 lunch, anyday!
We have heard the hype about Burma Superstar and seen the line out the doors so we decided to try it. The wait is definitely long, so be prepared to wait for at least an hour. Unfortunately, I think the restaurant has been overhyped so our expectations were very high. Maybe the restaurant was too busy so the service was not attentive either. The reason why I would definitely go back is the Chili Lamb, the flavors were so bold and unlike anything I have ever tasted before. Hopefully next time when we go back I can change my review and give them 4-5 stars like all the other reviews. Sorry to all those Burma Superstar lovers out there, I guess 900 something good reviews raised our expectations to a crazy level.
Sorry, the food is excellent, but it is not worth the wait and slow service. We called early and put our name for 7pm, we were not seated till 8pm and did not get out of there till 10pm. My friends wanted to give it only 2 stars but I felt that 5 star food and 1 star service averaged to 3 stars.I will not go back there and cannot recommend it.
tired of the usual asian cuisine? go here for something new. burma superstar gots that good food. i was there on a monday night and it was packed, although the wait wasn't congested.spicy chicken w/ basil, fried string beans, and this noodle w/ curry sauce (forgot the name) - all were to the point and had very well balanced flavors. hit that up with some rice, and you're good to go. paired the food up with the oolong peach iced tea - superb. customer service was pleasant and friendly. cozy place to eat at.no idea why i'm adding to the reviews here, maybe i wanna rack up some reviews now that i'm back on yelp after a long hiatus. can't you see its 4 stars out of 800 bajillion reviews? just go.
I've been lucky enough to come here a few times without having to endure a long wait for a table. I'm starting to develop a repertoire of favorites, including the gingery burma cooler, the ever famous tea leaf salad, and the samusa soup. The waitstaff is always very friendly and helpful, and I usually let them choose a few more entrees, all of which have been good. Watch out though, spicy at Burma Superstar really means crazy hot game over spicy.
Stars based on food alone. That sh*t is damn good. Service couldn't get much worse, but oh well.
The best thing about this place is their tea leaf salad and fulfil soup. The flavors are unique and delicious, but I realized all of their other menu items just seem a bit mediocre. Not bad, but it is the salad and soup which truly stand out here. The price is not cheap either, and there is usually a wait. I have never left this place unsatisfied, and it is worth 4-stars because it is a unique location that offers a variety of new flavors.
I love Burma SuperStar and would love to give them 5 stars, but since they serve meat, the max I can give them is 4. Many of the dishes can be made vegan. The tea leaf salad is absolutely amazing. I was weary the first time we ordered it, but from the first bite, I was in love. The server mixes your salad at your table. Their vegetarian samusa soup is one of the best soups I have ever had. Savory soup filled with chunks of samusas, falafels, lentils and veggies. The soup alone could be a meal. This brings me to my favorite item from the menu, the peashoots. These are no ordinary vegetables. These are super veggies. If parents served these to their kids, all kids would grow up loving vegetables. The sauce that they cook them in (wine and garlic) makes my mouth sing. The peashoots piled on top of the coconut rice makes for a perfect meal. It's nirvana in your mouth. Hmmm...I'm starting to get hungry.
Do yourself a favor...order everything. If you can't eat it all take the leftovers home. The place is a bit small and you'll have to wait in lines for at least 20 minutes, but it's worth the wait. The wait staff is very friendly, if you don't know what to order ask for recommendations...then again, maybe that's why we had more than we could handle.
Are you serious? That's what I rode my vespa and waited for 35 mins in the cold for? You must be joking right? My lamb curry was dry and stringy. The noodles were soft and soggy and I even tried to branch out eating chicken and egg together which wasn't as bad as I would have imagined if it weren't for how horribly mediocre everything else was. Their Chimay was $7 and the service was as underwhelming as their food. The one satisfying dish was an appetizer, the Surmusa's, very good.
Get the Samosa Soup and the Tea Leaf salad. Awesome! Top 5 restaurants in the city, hands down. If you can make it for lunch that is best....no wait!
This food is awesome! I love the location! The lines are long at night for dinner but if you go there for lunch, you should not have a problem. If you go here, you must try the tea leaf salad! I also love the sesame chicken with brown rice. Delicious!!! The waiting staff is friendly and efficient too. Man, whenever I am looking for a satisfying meal, I come here. Five superstars "fo sho!"
I LOVE this place, it is a holy site like Jerusalem.I have been here 7 times and it has NEVER let me down. While the wait can be extremely long (I've waited an hour and a half once) you can always wait at the coffee place directly across the way since you write down your number to be reached when a table is ready. It's great that they sell beer there too.My personal favorites include .. everything. Yeah, seriously.Heretics that have given this place less than 4 stars: next time, give me your leftovers.
Everyone's apparently obsessed with this place and having seen the lines pouring out of Burma SuperStar everytime I dined at Q down the street, I had to taste the fabulous Burmese food that was worth standing on a sidewalk in the middle of nowhere for hours. I talked M. into going and he wisely insisted that I call beforehand and see how long the wait was. "About 45 minutes for 2 people right now, but if you give me your cell number, I'll put you on the list and call you when you're table's ready. If you're here, you're here. If not, you lose it."Fair enough! I had no idea of this wonderful policy. It'll take us 40 minutes to get there and find parking anyway. Once we got there, I nervously pushed my way past the hordes to check out the list. Lo and behold, me and my now public cell number made it. Our 45 minute wait was turning out to be well over an hour, but we just went to a bar across the street and had some cocktails. After all, they had my number. We finally showed back up, just as the host came outside and casually asked the crowd, "Is Beth still here?"Yes! Yes she is!We were seated right by the door, but who cares. We were in Burma SuperStar! We'd survived the lines. I felt like I'd just wormed my way into Oz. We started with the samosas and the tea leaf salad. Both were incredible, especially the salad which so many have mentioned here before. It's fantastic, just really unexpected and crunchy. There were fried garlic slivers in it. So, you know, I was all over it. Then we ordered the eggplant, Burmese lamb curry and Burmese noodles, which are served at room temperature and were by far, our favorite. As I sit in my hot, gross office right now, a cool bowl of those sweet, crunchy noodles would be perfect. We split a cheap bottle of Honig Savignon Blanc, got out leftovers to go and pushed our way past the now dwindling crowd outside. The line wasn't that bad, it was cheap-ish and the food is, as everyone's announced, awesome. Four stars, especially for "not taking reservations" but letting you call ahead and stick your name on the list. Brilliant...
This is always a great choice for lunch or dinner. My favorite menu items are the samosa soup, tea leaf salad, and tofu tower. These are consistently good and satisfing. The place is always packed and at times it is hard to get a table. That is the only downfall, but the food is worth the wait if you can get in.
I've been here probably about 5 or 6 times and the food is consistently good. We nearly always order the tea leaf salad and sesame chicken, but sometimes try other things too. Those are just the items we crave. The wait to be seated can be long. It seems to move in shifts. They fill up fast as soon as they open, and then in about an hour start to open up again. The nice thing is that if you leave your cell number when you sign in, you can leave and walk around Clement, or grab a drink nearby, and they will call you when your table is ready. I've also tried B-Star, which is their sister restaurant up the street, but don't like it nearly as much.
Burma is GOOD!!! Burma is OVERRATED!!! Burma is ALWAYS CROWDED!!! Which says a lot about Burma's popularity. Burma has great selection and spice. Burmese food is spiced a little more on the hot side. The cooks can cater their flavorings to your taste level, just ask. Plenty of veggie options. The service is fast. At times it is overwhelmed due to the patronage. Burma is a place that lives on reputation and word of mouth more-so than actual food quality. The food is very good. But, around the city Burma Superstar has a cultist reverence. Very traditional Burmese delicacies, as well as some Thai fusion dishes too.The entree's aren't cheap, but not expensive. About $15 per plate. The wait is very long, so have other plans to eat, or get there really early. When I went, I signed the sheet at 8, then went home to wait it out... I live around the corner from the restaurant ;D. Don't show up at 8/9 and think you'll be eating within 30 minutes. Not gonna happen! Heed the warning! If you want quieter, more space to eat and less crowd... Mandalay is on California st around the corner. Which I happen to think is better than Burma.
Pros: The food and service are impeccable. I started with a truly unique mixed salad that consisted of dried shrimp and an array of nuts. This salad tasted great and looked beautiful with all the different colors. Our server was very attentive considering the place was jam packed with tables. Cons: The long wait and the crowded tables Upon arriving, we had to put our name on a chalk board with at least five names ahead of us, and no real hostess in sight. After looking through books at Green Apple for 45 minutes, we went back to the restaurant to find we still had to wait another 15 minutes. Once seated, we were so close to the tables next to us that it felt like we were dining with them! Perhaps the close quarters are part of the experience, but I felt a little uneasy. After weighing the pros and cons, I had a lovely experience and I would definitely recommend Burma SuperStar!
We got to Burma Superstar at about 5:15 on a Saturday evening and had NO WAIT. Sat right down at a lovely two top. Service was prompt and super friendly. I had the Dragon green tea which was ok. The Samusa soup was good - I did not love love love it as some of the other reviewers did, but I enjoyed it- it is very very rare to find such a good filling soup that is vegetarian. I did love the pumpkin shrimp curry - It was amazing! We got the coconut rice, which was good - a little salty for me when eaten alone, but amazing with the curry. I am also quite impressed that they keep the prices down when they could easily increase them and keep a full house of customers.
eh this place is okay. Like some other reviewers already said, this place is too hyped up. I came here after my sister's graduation with the family and luckily we had reservations so the big round table was ready for us within a couple of minutes. First things first, the Tea Leaf Salad (which I was super excited to try) was... alright. Sure it was tasty, but it wasn't to die for. I'm kinda surprised that out of all things in San Francisco, they'd feature this in particular on Food Network but whatevs! Let's see, we shared the following family style: Walnut Shrimp, Burmese Style Curry Beef, Nan Pia Dok noodles, Garlic Noodles, and Pumpkin Pork Stew. My favorite was the Pumpkin Pork Stew but in general, the dishes were simply okay. The portions were ridiculously small, especially in comparison to other similiar styled restaurants. Although the prices were decent, we expected a little bit more to be served. The thai iced teas were on the small side and there's an extra $1.50 for refills. I had the Mango Coconut Juice and recommend it!! It's rather thick and concentrated but I really liked it. Check it out if you're really curious, but if you're indifferent I'd suggest you find an alternative.
Good! mmm...very good.
I've only eaten at one Burmese restaurant, and Burma SuperStar is it. The only real complaint I have about this place is having to wait to get in, which when you think about it, is a great sign that the restaurant is THAT GOOD. I don't remember everything I've ordered from this place the many times of been here, but I do know that you can't come here without trying the Rainbow Salad (I think it has over 20 ingredients), and their Burmese Cooler (I think its a mix of a beer and lemonade). On top of all that the service is great. You really can't go wrong visiting this establishment.
Unbelievably good cuisine. Sumusa Soup, Rainbow Salad, Lamb Curry, and Coconut rice. Can't go wrong.Decor is mediocre, but the food is great.
I like the potato filled things.
Burma SuperStar is just that--a super star. It's a place you should definitely check out because there just isn't anything else like it; however, it has gotten too popular for its own good--long lines await and when you finally do get seated the hungry folks waiting and staring through the window give you serious performance pressure to power through the meal. No nice chit chat time allowed.We live nearby, so we go in whenever the line isn't long. It's the sort of place you'll love to bring guests too because they likely haven't had anything like it before. The samosa soup and tea leaf salad are both worth the wait.We've discovered Mandalay, another great Burmese place around the corner on 6th and California. Also--I just discovered that the owners opened a new place just down the street. Check out B Star on 2nd for a more relaxed setting. It's a great little casual Asian fusion place where chit chat is encouraged and actually possible.
My sister first took me to this place when I moved to the city years ago and it was fantastic. I have returned recently and found that the place has not missed a step, the food is very good and consistent. The variety of south east asian food is staggering, but if you stick to the Burmese recipes, you can't go wrong
Yeah so we called an hour ahead. Got there, and they told us we had to wait another hour, so we went to the bar down the street, and came back. When we got to the restaurant... we waited another 45 min or so. Man good thing we called an hour before!!! haha!! The restaurant is very cozy!! It's great. The food is really good. We ordered pretty much everything on the menu, and it was all outstanding. It was my first experience with Burmese food, and it was awesome!! It was like Chinese, Indian and Thai all in one!!! Yummo...  check it out!! Make sure you have at least 3 hours to spare... 2 for the wait. ; )
Might be the best meal I've had in the city. Just call ahead and you can get your name on the list and then show up an hour or so later. The salads are so unique and delicious - we had the tea leaf and the rainbow and they were both amazing. Get the pumpkin pork stew - yum! Also, I thought the service was great - no complaints!
I have NEVER had a bad dish there; it's always excellent. Love the Burmese Coolers. Appreciate the fact that they'll take your cell number while we go have tea across the street or a beer up the street while we wait. The tables are too close together, that's the only reason why I gave it a 4 star.
Very well done, good prices, good service, authentic and original food. I will be back.
If you like chilies, curry, coconut milk and crispy shallots this is the place to go. Spicy....yet a combination of Indian and Chinese techniques. Wonderful Food.......
I love Burma Superstar!!!! Get the tea leaf salad and platha ...yummy
Mmmm! Had our first taste of Burmese food here, as friends that knew the place brought us here during our visit to SF, and oh, are we ever glad they did! Hubby and I both had the chicken curry, and split an appetizer of samosas (sp?). Both were equally delicious. Prices were reasonable, and our food came very quickly (it was not a busy time--middle of afternoon on a Friday in March). If and when we have the chance, we would happily return here!
After hearing so many good things about this place...So excited to try the food...So excited no wait outisde...That was the only part I felt excited...The food was good, but for sure not OMG out of the world food. The tea salad was good, loved the different textures. Calamari was soggy and cold when it came out. Shrimp kebat the flavors was there, but it was ruined by the fact that most of the shrimp was not fresh. The Platha was over fried. The coconut rice was basic. The highlight of the meal was the Pumpkin Pork stew which went well with the rice and the meat was very soft and tender. I am a person all about the fronting of the restaurant. I don't care what you do in the kitchen as long as the outside area look clean and I don't see anything. Unluckily me I saw a waiter rubbing & scratching their nose and than proceeded to walk outside and squeeze a lemon for a client for their salad. Luckily it was not my table.
Everytime I get cold and homesick, I think about Burma SuperStar. I want samusa soup and the tea leaf salad and nothing else. I miss you, BSS.
My hubby's and my favorite restaurant in the city! The wait is absolutely worth it, especially with Green Apple right across the street. Our staples are the Tea Leaf Salad and the Vegetarian Samusa Soup. Other dishes that I love are the Braised Soft Tofu, Pumpkin Pork Stew, and Pea Shoots. For your starch, be sure to get the Platha bread and/or coconut rice, delicious. The Thai Ice Tea and Ginger Lemonade are great drinks to accompany your flavorful meal. We always take our out-of-town visitors here, and everyone loves it!
I don't know what Burmese food is supposed to be like, but Burma Superstar sure is good.When I'm in the neighborhood and looking to eat out, generally this is one of the top choices. The flavors are really unique. It might not be for a really basic palate (i.e. I probably wouldn't have loved this as a kid) but the distinctive tastes do have an air of simplicity your salivatory glands can't deny.- I'm falling in love with the salads. Particularly the tea leaf salad which our waiter informed us contains tea leaf imported from Burma for true authenticity.- The samusas are a standard delicious appetizer. (Filling though)- Entrees have been robust with varying levels of Zing!Here are my precautions:- The first time I ever ate here, I wasn't a fan. I felt really gross afterwards, and the tofu tower was too wet. I've returned though, and the place has really redeemed itself in my heart- The wait is pretty outrageous. Be a pro and call in your party ahead of time. They will call your cell phone while you roam around Clement or sit on your ass at home.- - -on that note: I haven't been, but am told they've opened B-Star down the street which accomodates all the waiting folk and serves drinks and small dishes*- order smaller than you think you should. Burma recommends one entree per person, but its the times where we have a salad and perhaps one less entree than we think we should when I'm most satisfied. Of course order away if you're super hungry, it makes great leftovers!*information obtained through grapevine
Burma Superstar (that is what you are).The greatest.
Tea Leaf Salad...superty duperty yummy!!!!! This is a great place, but get there early if you don't want to wait in line.
The line for this place is ridiculous. Even on monday or tuesday nights. On the brightside, you can leave your number on the list and they can give you a call when your table is ready. The food here is kind of salty but our waitress was really nice. The lycee soju was yummmmmmmmmmy, super recommended.
Before eating here, I had no clue what Burmese food even was. After eating here, I will never try another Burmese restaurant because I can't imagine it getting any better than this. Even though you will have to wait a little bit to be seated, you are able to head down the street for a drink or two at a local bar and they will call you when your table is ready. The service is outstanding and the food comes out really quickly. The Tea Leaf Salad is amazing and I have tried several entrees and have never been disappointed. I probably eat here every other week and I don't see myself getting tired of anytime soon. Enjoy!!!!!
I heard about the long lines, so I called for take out. They had it ready in 20 minutes, though it took me that long to drive around for parking. If I had to wait more than an hour in the fog for that food I would have been pissed! Food is good, but not great. I ordered the tea leaf and rainbow salad... ok, but pricey given the portions. The tea leaf salad is basically ice berg and romaine lettuce with four types of nuts/seeds and shrimp paste for dressing. The rainbow salad is 3 or 4 types of noodles (nothing special, just your basic noodles you'd find at any asian restaurant), with nuts/seeds, a vinegar based dressing, some lettuce, and a couple of other ordinary ingredients. The spicy basil chicken was pretty good, but not great. I simply don't understand what all the hype is about. The total bill was $28 and I managed to eat all of the food that afternoon (and I'm a light eater), which gives you an idea of the smaller than average portions.
This place needs to expand! Over 1 hour wait on a Wednesday night! We showed up just after 7pm and waited while we walked around Clement St. When we were cold, we stood in the doorway and assessed the food on tables inside. The hostess seated perhaps ahead of a few other couples because they were not there and we were. (They take cell phone numbers and call when your table is ready.) Once we were finally seated, it took a little longer than expected to get a waitress to take our orders. That gave us enough time to peruse the menu and decide on a number of options. Samosas and the Rainbow salad for starters. Once you have ordered your food come out pronto. The salad was amazing. 22 different ingredients and the noodles and dressing made this my favorite thing all night. Next time, maybe I'll just get the salad... Yummmm Also the ginger beer was delicious! Totally refreshing and different.The Somasas were standard fare but a lighter wrapping than usual. The Noodles were OK, served at "Room Temp" and after that noodle salad, maybe not the best choice. Next time I get a hot dish... We also got rice, Lamb curry and a fried bread thing. All were great-excellent according to my S.O., but I don't eat Lamb. As Super Star Experience- worth the wait, but don't go far and maybe the wait will be slightly shorter...
Burma was one of things I was looking forward to moving back to the city but I was disappointed. Definitely going for dinner rather then the long lunches we used to duck out of work to take changes the value proposition. The food is much more endearing in a space with a funky "un-discovered gem" vibe (the old lunch scene) then the hassled and harassed experience of getting a dinner seating.Stick to the classics which are still mind blowing: the tea leaf salad, the samusas (and the samusa soup), the rest was largely unremarkable.
omigod! it was awesome. worth the wait. the servers are nice and smiley. i dream of samusa soup!
Even better second time around.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in all of the city. You have to get the fish chowder and coconut chicken soup, they are the best. The wait can be long but if you go on a weekday in a small group, it shouldn't be bad. However, it is getting more and more crowded.
Stopped by here for lunch on a Tuesday, no line! Wow, where have I been, this place is awesome. Service is friendly, atmosphere is great, and the food just delicious. We got Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry) and the pork curry with coconut rice. That with two drinks came out to around $22 - not bad!
the food is amazing! the first time i came here, everything was so great that i just kept ordering the same dishes every time i came, because i didn't want to miss out on any of them. the rainbow salad is weird and unexpected and totally delicious. also try the walnut shrimp, samosas (the best spicy sauce comes with it), and lemongrass salmon. the cinnamon rice mixed with the coconut rice is amazing. i can't say enough about how amazing the food is here. as for the long waits, i think its worth it. for great food, i am willing to deal with the inconvenience. luckily, you can leave your name and number and walk around. the asian markets are entertaining, and green apple bookstore up the street is a great place to kill time. and money.
I know people love to eat here, but I honestly can't think of one dish that wowed me! Oh, I'll keep coming here cause my friends like it, so I'll have to pay more attention next time to what I'm eating and if it's really that good. Although I do remember they put lychee in their white sangria which was pretty tasty.
This is my favorite restaurant! I drool just a little just thinking about eating there. All the dishes I've tried have been delicious but you have to get the tea leaf salad (I don't even like salad!), samosa soup and coconut rice. Everyone complains about the long wait but there's an easy fix to it. Take it from me, someone who refuses to wait at any restaurant for more than 10 minutes. Just go for early 11:30 am lunches or 6 pm dinners. You walk in and sit down immediately!2/2007 Update: My original review was writen over a year ago. I recently had dinner at BSS on a Saturday night. I showed up at 5:30 pm to put my name on the list for 7 pm. I was shocked to see there was a line of over 20 people waiting to get in before it was even open! The restaurant was packed inside and out the whole time we were there, and as much as I love the place, I'm sad to say, it's not THAT good.
I really didn't understand all the hoopla. There is nowhere to stand when you get there to wait for a table, which I don't mind if the food is really mouthwatering.But it wasn't. WTF? Everyone recommended this place.I think I liked the mango dessert well enough, but the beef curry I'd ordered was nothing to write home about.I'd try it again to see if it was an off night, but it could just be that I don't actually LIKE Burmese food and didn't know it. Which is weird, because I like Thai and Indian well enough. Oh well.
I had heard about Burma Superstar all summer while working in San Francisco... almost a year later I finally got there. I went with three friends and we anticipated a long wait... we did wait an hour to be seated, but we wrote down our name and cell phone number and headed down the Street to "The Bitter End" for $3.00 draft drinks during happy hour to ease the wait. They actually did call us to tell us when our table was ready. The service was really great, although they did forget to bring our casserole dish, we had already eaten so much that we didn't mind. The chicken samusas to start were really tasty, as was the tea leaf salad, as recommended by many other reviews. The vegetarian curry was surprisingly good and unlike any other veggie curry I have had. We went for a noodle dish with no egg, which was also delicious and highly recommended by our waiter. The pitcher of red sangria was more than enough for the four of us, and we enjoyed the bread and some brown rice. We even splurged for some fried coconut and ice cream to share for dessert. Prices were reasonable - it was $25 a head for 2 appetizers, 2 mains, rice, bread, a pitcher of sangria, and dessert, and that included a generous tip. Highly recommended and I'll definitely goes back. This blows the east bay Nan Yang Burmese restaurant out of the water.
the rainbow salad is the salad equivalent of pop rocks..so fun in your mouth!
I first heard about this place from Bay Area Backroads and had to check it out for myself. Conclusion? It's fabulous! Definitely one of my favorite comfort restaurants just because the place is intimate, the food always warms my stomach, and it's family style. My favorite meal is probably the chicken dahl with brown rice and jasmine tea. The shrimp with ginger root was pretty good, too. And the different salads, curries...Acutally, everything is good and worth trying. I enjoy eating here and my family and I never had to wait; but there is usually a good crowd out the door so try an early lunch or dinner for a table of 2 or 3.
I came here at 7pm on a Tuesday. There was a 45 minute wait so we grabbed a drink down the street. When they called my cell we booked it back to the restaurant but once there we had to wait 10 mins. Once we sat down things improved-- the service was fast and friendly. We started with samosas that were excellent. My friend ordered the pumpkin pork stew. I thought it was great and I don't generally like pumpkin. There were two noodle dishes on the table, neither of which were particularly good. I can't recall the name of either, but I definitely won't be bothering with noodles there again. The highlight was the spicy and crispy chicken. Soooo good. I'd go back just for that chicken.
For an ethnic restaurant in the Richmond, the clientele is not very representative. That should tell you a lot. It's crowded and often packed. The food is not cheap and the quality of the meal: taste, ingredients were subpar. The last time I stopped in was over 10 years ago and it was a dive that offered interesting food. Now you have 5 servings of Samusa (2.5 inches across) for close to $10. The ingredients for the rainbow salad were not sufficiently varied and common (cabbage, potatoes). Had much better food at Mingalaba in Burlingame for the price.
Awesome food and really nice atmosphere. Tea leaf salad is a must. You just won't find it anywhere else in the city, maybe anywhere.Chili lamb was also excellent, although it is legitimately spicy, so if you do not have a high heat tolerance I would avoid it- they do warn you though so eat at your own risk! Braised pork belly was pretty rich, I could only have a few pieces before it was too much, but definitely worth tasting if you like pork belly- very savory!Drinks are really good too. One caveat- be prepared to wait. It's going to be about an hour and a half wait. Put your name/number down, go to the Bitter End for a drink, and be patient!
I love the food here. Service is really great as well. I know about the wait, the line, and the place can get really busy most of the time and sometimes even small getting so crowded. HOWEVER, it is worth the wait and even though it is all popping and busy, the service is NEVER lacking with the food and service are always attention to details. They service the food really quick once you get seated!
like so many others, i had wanted to try burma superstar for a long time, but never managed to wait it out. finally, after my roommate took his mom out to dinner here, i was so jealous, i vowed i was going to go for real. yes the wait is long. but the rockit room is right down the street, and i was pleased to find out that on sundays happy hour is 2-8, drinks are 3 dollars, and they serve free bacon. it took a lot of restraint not to fill up on the bacon, but i was committed to going to burma. anyway, the wait was totally worth it. we got the chicken samosas, and yes, the sauce it is served with is amazing. we also tried the chilli lamb and the mint chicken with brown rice. everything was awesome and flavorful, and the right amount of spicy. the servers are also on top of it with refilling the water, so don't fear the spicy stuff. i know that in a city of a million restaurants, it seems silly to wait an hour for dinner, but the neighborhood has plenty of bars to hang at while you wait, plus burma has heaters, benches and free tea, so the wait really isn't that bad. i totally recommend giving it a try. there are a ton of awesome looking items on the menu that i didn't get to try and i can't wait to go back and try it again.
Pffft, blander than Ben Stein. If this review were written a decade ago, though, it would have been a 5-star review.What we see that's happened here is that the authenticity of the cuisine has tanked. In an effort to appeal to American palates, Burma Superstar has sold out and made every item on the menu bland, small, and comparatively expensive. For example, the coconut curry chicken noodles were once flavorful and redolent of the carefully balanced spices used to make the deeply complex sauce, but now is just tastes like coconut milk w/ a teaspoon of pre-mixed curry powder and some yellow 5 mixed in. Not to mention that you once got a bowlful instead of the dinky little plate serving. And the garlic noodles w/ sliced roast duck, once full of umami from the garlic, is now just a dull noodle dish w/ shreds of old duck served in a bowl half the size of what it once was served in. The chicken and dahl curry? Before, a complex and heady stew of herbs, spices, potatoes, and bone-in chicken, now reduced to chicken and potatoes in bland brown sauce. Luckily, the tai poi rice hasn't changed, except you now get about 1/6th what you used to get at about double the price.Burma Superstar, you sold out and I hate you for that. Now I have to settle for Pagan. *sigh*At least the service is still friendly, but what good is that when you have to wait for eons to even get a seat because no one realizes how badly this place has slipped.1 more star than it deserves because I'm a nostalgic schmuck.
Doesn't get much better than this - although it was a little better when I lived 7 blocks away. But still worth the trek (and watching your life flash before your eyes as you drive down Clement street) for the amazing food. Pumpkin curry! And that salad made of 50 ingredients they mix at the table...oh my mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.
go close to opening time (11:00 am) to skip the line and once seated, skip the rainbow salad. get the tea leaf salad. the fermented tea leaves and the fried garlic slices together taste like nothing else; i love the soggy texture juxtaposed with the crispiness of the garlic. vegetarian sambusas were ok, but the sambusa soup cooked with falafel was amazing. one meat entree--lemon peanut chicken--and one vegetarian entree--vegetarian deluxe --were enough to finish off our hunger. oh wait, i lied: i probably wouldn't have been full had we not ordered the pitcher of red wine sangria. the menu boasted asian pears in the sangria (the number two reason we ordered--number one being that we are lushes), but after digging around the ice, we gathered 2 one-centimetered (cubed) cubes.on my next trip to burma (and there will be more--i plan on averaging once per san francisco trip), i'll skip the vegetarian deluxe. lentils and eggplant were the selling point of the dish but on the whole, it didn't tantalize the tongue. i'm not worried; there were about 8 or 9 more vegetarian dishes to explore (i think that all the vegetarian dishes are also vegan).
The first time we went we waited for 3 hours to get in. Yes, we are silly. The second time I 'called ahead' and put our name on the list. This was the ticket. We showed up about 20min before the time we had said we would arrive. The hostess confirmed our name was on the list and we were seated 20 min later. NO silly waiting. The first time we went everything was good because we were soo hungry and refused to eat anything across the street at Blue Danube (what a joke). The second time we went here I really enjoyed the samusas and my beef burmese style curry. The tea leaf salad is way overrated. You can get a better and cheaper tea leaf salad at Yamo in the Mission on 18th. Overall very good. Good service and they have a corkage fee. Don't let them stick you out on the cold patio. They say it is heated but there is a draft that comes under the little tent and I was freezing and miserable. Only sit outside if it is warm!!
A bit of a let down after all the great reviews. Just not enough flavor. The sauces were missing that extra kick. The service was not good either (under staffed).
samusa soup.diggity DAMN.
it's deelicious!just go there and try it.
Great food, long wait but worth it. expect 1 1/2 wait if you go after six. They will call your cell so you can go across the street for a beer or glass of wine till a table opens.
so delicious. the samoosa soup, the chicken curry and my absolute favorite - the superstar noodles with tofu! i love this place. there is frequently a line and the food isn't as good if you get it to go. suck it up and just wait. it's worth it.
Finally made it to this joint and it is some serious ass-rocking food. The line is long, but it was worth it, people. The walnut shrimp dish was insane.
all i can say is MAKE A RESERVATION! this place didnt put benches outside for nothing. but other than that its one of those very hyped SF yuppy hangouts that not many locals would ever venture in to. i was told that the food isnt that good and its completely overhyped for no reason. but i didnt care, i just wanted to try it out. me and my group ended up waiting the standard 40 minutes plus on a tuesday night. but after that it was a very pleasant meal. the service was good and the food was okay. perhaps im just not that big in to burmese cuisine. but in my opinion it wasnt worth the wait. i can think of at least two other burmese places with in 5 minutes walking distance from here that has just as good of food and service with out all the yuppies and long lines.
chili lamb!!!!!!! so flavorful! amazing. the BEST lamb i've ever eaten. and in the top meat dishes i've ever had.shan noodles-vegetarian - wow! so flavorful and healthy. perfect mixture of spices and textures.i will say that the ginger salad is way better at mandalay...WAY better.
I really thought the food here was average. I ate here once and ordered take out another time. While some of the curry dishes were a little different from what I'm used to, I don't know if the food here really sung to me. When you factor in the crowd, eh, it's alright. I think the coolest thing about this restaurant is the name. Burma Superstar. Has a ring to it. Excellent marketing. Ironically, that SuperStar isn't enough to push that three and a half star star rating to a solid four.
They don't take reservations and the wait is usually long. but the food is incredible. Not only visually appealing but unique and very tasty!
We love the food and the atmosphere of this place. The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is awesome. Did I mention that the food is really good too? Seriously you have to try the Samosa Soup... and the Rainbow Salad... and the Tea-Leaf Salad... and the (you get the point). The only drawback is that there is *always* a line to get in. But once you're in, prepare to be impressed.
Burma Superstar is definitely pretty super! Call an hour ahead to get on the waiting list, and be prepared to wait another hour. Reminds me of sitting at a concert waiting for the main act to show up right. Fortunately there are plenty of places to hang out on Clement St while you wait, and the wait is definitely worth it! I definitely recommend the tea leaf salad and the fabulous lamb curry. And the coconut rice, yum! Why didn't I ever think of cooking rice in coconut milk??
Tea leaf salad- Good but salty.Fiery beef with tofu- the tofu was actually beancurd. And the beancurd was burnt and Soooooooo salty. Terrible.See Jyet Kauswer (Garlic Noodles with duck or pork)- really, really bland ramen noodles. I would have been happier with Cup O' Noodles.Restaurant was way too crowded. I dont like how the tables are so close together.I left with a literal bad taste in my mouth. They really need to cut down on the salt.Way over-rated.Please do yourself a favor and go to Mandalay a couple of blocks down.
i am actually not a big fan of their tea leaf salad, but all the other dishes i've had here were great. there is always a huge line out the door...just call ahead and put your name down on the list to shorten your wait time in the freezing climes of the richmond district.
This place is PACKED! We called ahead and were able to get on the list before leaving home. You leave them your cell phone number and just have to be present when they call you. For our party of four we still had to wait a while, and when we got our table it was essentially a two person table with two chairs and two people squeezing in on the bench side. We had to eat fast when the dishes came or else there would be no room for the next one.None of us had every eaten Burmese food, so we didn't know what to expect. It was a cross between Indian, Thai, and Chinese. Lots of vegetarian choices if you bring a vegan along. Prices are expensive for the portion size, and they charge for rice =(. Expect to pay $20-25 per person.
We went with a group of friends after hearing so many good things about this place. Luckily a friend called ahead for seating cause we heard of the long waits. Tea Leaf Salad: Pretty good. We were happy with that. So the meal started off with great expectations, which only took a nose dive as each dish arrived at our table. Coconut Chicken Noodle: Heres the recipe if you wanna save 15 bucks. 1 can campbells chicken noodle, 1 can coconut milk and crispy tortilla chips. TADA! This dish mediocre at best.Lamb Curry: Could have used a little bit more flavor and I wish it wasnt lukewarm. Pumpkin Shrimp: Also lukewarm, and a bit flavorless.Coconut Chicken Noodles: This was ok. Pea Shoots: Not bad, but you can get this at any chinese restaurant for alot less with alot more flavor.Overall 3 stars. I think this place is hit or miss, but perhaps we just missed on all our dishes. :(
this is a great place, great service, the only bad thing is the long lines. long at 10pm on a friday and every other time i have been there. it is so obnoxious. sigh.the food is, undeniably, great. the curries are fantastic. although i could argue that some of the stirfry is not unusual, it can be found at limetree or straits cafe. definitely the taste of southeast asia with high quality ingredients.the tea salad is great. we had a spicy shrimp stirfry that was exceptionally good, all the curries i've had there are mouth-watering beyond description, the mango beef is unusual and worth a try, i ordered a coconut as well (you can have them cut off the tops and serve it with a spoon and straw so you can scrape out the inner flesh of the coconut, the coconuts are old. whole foods has fresher coconuts).
What is the HYPE? Why is there a line out the door like a club on friday night at 9PM? I have eaten here three times. 2 of 3 times was a mediocre experience. the food was interesting sure, but not tasty. The shrimp were way over cooked. Service was decent ONCE, but that was also because we were eating at 530. Plenty of other options that are tastier without the lame requirements of eating at 5 or 930.
seriously one of my favorite places to eat. service is great and the food is delish.
The tea leaf salad has stolen my heart!
Great food
After going twice and driving away because the line was too long, my boyfriend and I decided to try one afternoon at 4.45 and we got right in. Never did we imagine we would be so dissapointed. We order no less than 4 dishes and ..... each and every one was swimming in red grease. I hurled when we got home and took an alka seltezer. For days we talked about why in god's name this place is so hot. It was not cheap either considering it is nothing special in the interior. Would never go again.
I was driving through SF and was starving when I saw on my yelp app that there's a Burma Superstar in SF--awesome. I've only ever been to the one in Oakland. I have to say, this just did not live up to the Oakland restaurant's standards. The waitstaff, host etc were all super nice, but the food was just not that good. The Samusa salad was off, and the sesame chicken was not crisp, gooey and meh. We were there really late, and maybe being the last seating we got the dregs of the night. But I was really disappointed. I think I'll stick to the one in Oakland.
I love their rainbow salad and their curries... all of them.
Excellent food for a great price.. the coconut rice is fab- but I don't necessarily think it's worth waiting an hour for, so I recommend that you try to go during the less busy times (early evening) rather than wait.
This place was amazing. We came in with 5 hungry people, and left with a bill that was much cheaper than the next night at Slanted Door with THREE people (which I think is very overrated.) The samosa soup was excellent; I also recommend the tea leaf salad. We got the chicken casserole / rice dish and split a bunch of others. We can't stop talking about it, and will probably go back!
Awesome food! Ihave always orderd take out . Its a great place for Burmese food. This is the only place i've had burmese from but believe me i dont wanna try any place else. the food is so good! the only problem is that they dont deliver, but with such good food , i dont mind take out.A bit pricey but worth every penny of it!
quite possibly the most overrated restaurant in san francisco. here's the breakdown:price - way too high for the quality of food you're getting. the bill was over $60 for 3, and we're not big eaters & didn't even order any desserts or alcohol. that's waaaaay too much for assembly line, mass produced, semi-fast food with generic ingredients. a restaurant that's very similar to this one is naan & curry. different cuisine, but in terms of quality of food, ingredients, & preparation, they're comparable. and you can feed 3 people for a lot less than $60 at naan & curry.food - check with any native burmese folks and they'll tell you, this place DOES NOT serve authentic burmese cuisine.wait time - there's always a huge line, especially during weekends, and adding price & food into consideration, this place is completely not worth your time & money.burma superstar is literally a gathering place for wannabe trendy white folks who think they've struck gold with this hole-in-the-wall strange ethnic restaurant. so unless you fit into that demographic, or is desperately trying to break into it, save your time & money and eat elsewhere.
This place was great. The food was delicious and is very different from the chinese food. The place is very clean and the staff is great. Most importantly, the food was amazing.
I always order the Tea Leaf salad as appetizer...its good for sharing! I don't recommend eating this by yourself; the fermented tea leaves will get you full--you might not get to your next course. Then I have the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice; it's a one pot dish that can easily be served family style. I like to wash it down with the Burmese Cooler! I never get to the dessert because I always get so full! Burma Superstar is actually an ala carte kind of place...you want to share the dishes with your friends so you can taste as many flavors as you can!
Lives up to the hype. Yum.
I have been going there for as long as I remember I want to even say 10 years when Mr. Woo was still around. The food was and still is really brilliant. I liked it better when it was less glittery, I must confess it's gone a bit too poular now, but nevertheless the managed to amintain a great quality and great service standards despite of the long line of people waiting at any given time. My favorite: papaya salad and green tea salad. Taste them and you won't regret it.
My friend took my here for my first time after spending a long day touring SF. We had to put our name on the waiting list which was about a 45 minute wait. When we got in it was PACKED, though I didn't mind. As an appetizer we ordered the chicken noodle soup. I had no clue how delicious a simple chicken soup could taste. The coconut rice was amazing! Along with everything else we ordered, the meal was delicious and I wish there was one of these places closer to where I live. Recommend to everyone who's in SF!
This is the 2nd time I've tried burmese food. I always order the pumpkin shrimp, fish soup, and squid salad here. The line can get kind of long b/c the food is so good.
This place is great. Have to wait a while if you want to eat here. When I do go, I try to come when it;s not lunch or dinner time. In between. The tables are real close together, No privacy but that is OK because there food is good. There RAINBOW SALAD is awesome!!! I love it. Yummmy!!!!!!! Even when you take that To-Go it's good. Chicken Dahl is Good enough not the best I have ever had. Spicy and crispy chicken is Good. Super Star Shrimp is pretty good. So is the Garlic Chili Shrimp. I have not tired everything on there menu but I am sure it is good.
Pretty damn good. Luckily I live nearby and was able to swoop before the throngs of folk came to perch outside for what seems like hours. After reading a few so-so reviews, I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly the staff was. And quick. We were in an out in no time. Good or bad depending on your hunger level or need to stretch out an awkward date. Which, of course, we were witness to and practically joined. The seating is a bit on the intimate side with a 6-inch gap between some tables. Good place for some quality ear hustling.Foodwise: Delicious. So many bold flavors in just the right amounts. The samusa soup is great. The egg okra thing we got was really heavy on the palm oil (but somehow still delicious). You know it's good when you leave feeling as full as we did. We'll be back. We have already decided what we'll try next.
Great food. Long wait. Nuf said.
this is one of those places that makes me feel like i can't wait until i'm a senior citizen, when i will actually want to eat dinner at five in the afternoon, so i won't have to wait forever for a table. yeah, it's tiny. yeah, they don't take reservations. yeah, you might get there at 7:30, wait until 9:15 for a table, and be made to order everything on the sidewalk before they'll sit you down. but, they'll let you put your cell number on the wait list and go down the street to a bar. and, at the end of the day, the food's worth it. it's that good. my personal fave is the pumpkin pork curry, but really, i think everything i've ever tasted there was pretty outstanding.four stars instead of five for the hassle of it.
This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the city. One of the few places where it is actually worth waiting 2 hours for! The rainbow salad is delicious, as is the walnut shrimp. I've never ordered anything here that I didn't enjoy. The drinks are also quite tasty. If you haven't been, you're missing out. Go to Burma Superstar!
ok theres over 800 reviews for this place, which is obviously good. go here and order anything with a 'star' next to it. but whatever, i just want to write a review for this place because it says, "yeah, i like good food, i travel to cities on the weekends. no biggie. im rad. and i know the cool places to eat." oh yeah. you leave your name at the front along with your cell phone and have a beer or 5 at the pub right up the street and theyll call you. its epic.
Singing - Burma SuperStar, that is what you are. Coming from afar, reaching for the stars - Stop Singing. Burma SuperStar, you are also overrated. Sure your food and service are good. But a line of people waiting for the restaurant to open? Too much hype. Everything we ordered was good, but it didn't make me want to do cartwheels down the street. Or maybe that was due to the fact that on this particular day I had decided to go topless sun tanning for the first time. Final thought - my boobs were hotter than the restaurant.
I dont understand the hype!! The platha & mango shrimp was pretty good but everything else was not memorable. The Rainbow Salad was sour & have no other flavors. Pumpkin pork stew was ok. The spicy and crispy chicken was also a forgettable dish & paying extra for the coconut rice is not worth it, it didnt even have the aroma of coconut. Overall ... small dishes, big prices.
Good food and memories are had here.
Nothing new to be said... but just thought it deserved another rave review...
not really sure that it's necessary to review this place, as there are 500+ reviews but whatevs. my friends and i like to call it burma superFAR, or burma superSTARVING; because of the trek it takes to get out to the boonies of the richmond and of the never-less-than-an-hour wait you will be having once you get there. it's a good place to take out of town guests to get that 'city wait' feel, or if you just want to see your friends get annoyed. all annoyance dissipates by the time they sit down. the service is fast and i've never had a bad experience (subpar and flavorless as takeout, though...how does that happen?).the sour vegetable soup, rainbow salad and tea leaf salad are the absolute best. samosa soup is good, but it's more like a stew so be ready for that...maybe a little too flavorful. the samosas are awesome, AND they have young coconuts to drink from. love burma superfar.
I love this place! but get here before 4pm or else you'll have to wait in line. The fermented tea salad is absolutely amazing.
We came here for to celebrate my cousin's birthday and I was impressed! I have never heard of burmese food but not i'm a big fan!! Love the salad with tea leaves in it!!! We should have ordered two servings (mental note for next time)!!  The wait was not that bad considering we ate here between lunch and dinner so it wasn't that bad. It's not that big so a large party may have to wait a little longer than most which was our case.  Never would have found this place without Yelp!! Worth trying at least once even if you are not a big fan of long waits. There's a reason why there's a long wait and it's not because the food is not good.
probably couldn't have lived up to the hype (given the volume of the hype!) and didn't, but fine.happened to go by at 3P which may be the only time there isn't a line and got right in. was solo, and not really lunch or dinner time, so just ordered the tea leaf salad to see what all the fuss was about.interesting salad, with lots of fun tastes and textures competing for attention, and actually pretty unique (for me).extraordinary? noworth an hour wait? nopretty good? yup.
I love this place. It's perfect for a dinner with a group of friends, a date to a quick lunch during the week. My favorites are the rainbow salad, crispy chicken (tasty even the next day) and samosas. Anything from the dessert menu is worth trying at least once, but the fried banana and ice cream always gets my vote! The food and service is definitely worth the wait.
Had to try a 1000 + reviewed rest. Why????? OH the Tea leaf salad. Well after much anticipation, ABSOLUTELY deserves that many reviews. First time having Burmese food, didn't even know where Burma was, I can assure you this wont be the last time. Now I'm on the hunt to try other Burmese restaurants. rainbow salad- fair, samosa soup- OK, but the Tea leaf Salad Amazing. Worth the drive and the 45 min wait. Yes we waited 45 min in the cold. For this food- no problem. The tea salad was a collaboration of flavors that complimented each other and tasted like nothing I have ever had. The original flavor was a glorious surprise. Cant wait to try more items on menu. The service was very attentive. To all you yelpers, make sure you try this place, you will be a rare breed knowing the secret pleasure Tea Leaf salad provides.
So good. Definitely try the tea leaf salad. It lives up to the hype. Also had the beef curry, chicken kebat, coconut rice...all just yum. The only disappointment was the salt & pepper calamari...a little skimpy on the calamari which was all very small piece. However, our waitress noticed that and took it off our bill which was very nice of her. I will definitely be back.
The wait can be mitigated by calling ahead and getting on the waiting list. You can then give a phone number and they'll call you when you're table is ready (but you do need to be nearby) -- so I really don't think the long wait can be considered a huge negative.That being said, I've only been once and had: * rainbow salad * tea salad * beef kabat * coconut riceAnd I'm not really sure what the fuss is all about. The salads are unique, but I didn't feel anything extraordinary. Tea salad had nice crunchy texture and an olive oil'ish dressing. Rainbow was more acidic and had noodles. Not that amazing.The beef kabat was a semi-greasy onion and beef dish, which needed more heat (i like spice). The coconut rice was fricking amazing however, fluffy yet sticky and great flavor.Anyways, the place is pretty cheap so it's worth trying to see if you're a superstar whore or not. Dinner entrees (where's the pic of that menu ppl!) is 11-16 dollars'ish.Also, the salads are about 10 dollars, which I think, considering the price of their entrees, is too much. Also, they mix the salads tableside, which is uneccesary -- is it a show? No, it's a salad. Mix it in the back like every other sh*thole on the planet.
I remembered this place being a greasy hole with a long wait and so hadn't returned in over a decade. Yes there is still a wait, and yes it is still greasy, but boy did I enjoy it. Ok I hadn't had a real meal in two days, but I'm not kidding you I thought it was super good. And I was a little drunk and had the munchies, and can't remember what we ordered, but I would not lie, it was yum.
It was delicious... but was it worth waiting in the cold for 2+ hours? Not really. I'd go back in a heartbeat if there was a wait under 30 minutes, but I wouldn't be willing to wait for hours again. We ordered all the popular dishes in Yelp reviews and our favorites were the doughnut-y appetizer, the tea leaf salad, and the samusa soup - but everything else was good too. Surprisingly, the service was great once we got inside - didn't feel rushed at all, although we tried to hurry to be nice to the people waiting. I got a sweet tee shirt too ;)
Simply nothing better in Burmese food! Having eaten many Samosas in my lifetime, never imagined that Samusa soup could be this good. Chili Garlic Shrimp with Basmati rice was excellent. I would visit this place every week if I was living closer!
what follows has probably been said at least 25x within the 800+ reviews (that's what it stands at right now), but i don't care, i'm not going to read them. i'm going to independently rave about burma superstar.now, i've only been there twice (in the past 2 weeks), so my experience is relatively limited, but of the items i have tried, here is what i've loved...The things you HAVE TO TRY:the CHICKEN CURRY NOODLES... can't remember the specific kind we had since there are variations of it, but it goes with flat noodlesthe COCONUT RICE is AMAZING!!! It's sweet and pungent and perfectly textured. I could eat it plain, which I can say for many other rices. AND it goes well with the other dishesthe SAMUSA SOUP... words cannot describe how good this soup is. i didn't even know you could falafels in a soup. this soup changed the way i think about soups, and it'll change the way you think about it too. the TEA LEAF SALAD... very unique flavors, and just very fresh tasting. they bring it to your table and mix all the ingredients in front of you too, which is a nice touch.the BEER AND LEMON/GINGER BEER... lemon flavored beer! it's like in german beer gardens where they miss things you could try if you have room:LAMB CURRY... very flavorful, but "curry" is deceptive since there isn't that much sauce with itSHRIMP CURRY... i would say the lamb curry is better, but the shrimp curry wasn't bad. a lot more curry sauce with this one, but you could see the grease in the currythings you can skip:-rainbow salad was just okay. it's basically a noodle salad in what tastes like sesame sauce.-firey chicken with tofu... it's a stir-fried chicken dish that tastes like chinese cuisine. it was good, but not worth getting here with all the other great stuff you could tryanyway, i will definitely be returning for more (i also picked up a take-out menu, heh heh), and i'll probably end up adding to these lists. :)
After multiple people telling me I had to go here, I finally caved and braved the swarms of people waiting outside for a table...OK, I didn't have to wait I called in, put my name in and waited forty five minutes to actually go there and I only had to wait ten minutes once we were there (This is the way to do it!!!). The two things that people told us we had to try were the Vegetarian Samusa Soup and the Pea Shoots, so we ordered the Samusa Soup, Pea Shoots, Chili and Garlic Shrimp and Coconut Rice. By my disappointment we did not try one of the many salads that looked/sounded wonderful, but what we ordered was too much food anyways. Needless to say everything was wonderful!!! From the very tasty food to the flawless service, which was efficient and kind, the experience at Burma Superstar was wonderful!
changed my life. i don't know what else to say except for maria, next time you are here i'll have eaten here 45 more times. that's to be exact. tastes like amazing!
From the moment we got out of the car, the heavenly smell of food hit us in the face, and we were all instantly in love...in love with burmese food. My favorite dish was the curry chicken noodle soup, followed by the rainbow salad, and the tofu tower. I'll be back...
i really wanted to love this place, i really did. maybe it was because i wasn't very hungry (we went around 5pm to avoid a long wait), or maybe it was because i was getting annoyed at the cold wind coming through everytime someone opened the door (which happened a lot)....but i don't get the hype. sure, burmese food was interesting and worth trying once....it just wasn't amazing like everyone keeps saying. the tea leaf salad was REALLY good and definitely worth having...but i was not in love with my curry.
Always have a great time eating here, their menu is so different and its a nice change to the usual thai, indian, vietnamese that i do. The line is crazy but if u come early enough u can beat it...i've never waited longer than 5 or 10 minutes...food, drinks, service is great all around!!
First things first: Be prepared to wait. Went on a Sunday night and the wait was about an hour. Since the weather was amazing that day, my friend and I just window shopped and then had some coffee until we got the call that it was time to eat. I was going to take a star off for the wait but the food was so tasty that I just couldn't do it.We started off with the tea leaf salad. This is the most scrumptious salad ever. I've finally come to realize how important contrasting textures are to a great salad. The tea leaf has sunflower seeds and other seeds/nuts that gives it a good crunch. The tea leaf "puree" dressing is yummy. I could of just ate plate after plate of the salad and been happy.Next we had the green beans stir fried in a sweet chili sauce. Simple and tasty.Our entrees were the spicy beef with tofu and the curry shrimp. The beef was incredibly tender and full of flavor. At first, I didn't think the curry shrimp was that great but it seemed like it just took awhile for the spices and flavor to fully develop in my mouth. I swear it seemed like the last bite was 10 times tastier than the first bite.
Moderately priced, but good good food. I really reccomend the pumpkin shrimp and the rainbow salad (where the server will tell you each item that is neatly placed on the plate is and then tosses it for you) The sangria is great too! Also - you can brown rice substuted for white if you get their burmese style fried rice!
I suggest coming here closer to 2 pm when the lines are not horrific (have a snack!) and wearing clothes that you don't mind will smell like this place afterwards. Their standout dish here is definitely their Tea Leaf Salad. We tried the lamb curry and a sesame chicken dish. Their curry is very low-key, not really spicy at all but I think their sesame chicken was a lot tastier. Definitely have it with their coconut rice! I can eat that stuff all by it's lonesome!
The Burma SuperStar experience is definitely worth the ridiculously long wait (warning: they don't take reservations and any time of the week they're busy). My meal always consists of the following: samusas and tea leaf salad (just b/c it's there signature salad and I like to hear the server explain to me what the 22 ingredients are) for appetizers. For my main course I had to have the braised pork and string beans... my only concern is that they recently changed it up and added mushrooms and not so great, but I'll try again for a final judgment. And for desert try their fried plantans and coconut ice cream. But there's plenty of options to order.I particular like this restaurant b/c the atmosphere is young, lively and loud. It's definitely a place to experience and go back to.
I came here with my cousin in the mid afternoon on a weekday and I got a table right away. The food was good and our waitress was really cool. Overall I had a good experience. I don't know if I would wait 2 hours in the evening for a table like I've attempted more than once in the past but it's definitely worth trying out.
seriously, why would you eat here, there are a hundred places in the bay area that have better asian food. i think it's all hype. really. i think it is. don't give in to the hype. the food is just okay.
There were so many great reviews on this restaurant but I really thought the food was just ok. I thought the portion was small and over-priced.
YUMMY! YUMMY! YUMMY! I would suggest coming to this restaurant hungry, but the wait is just too long, but totally worth it. It's a small place and it's always packed. If you're waiting over an hour to be seated (which is totally normal), then head across the street to the Blue Danube for a light snack or a cup of coffee. Or walk across the street to Genki Crepes. They always have tons of Japanese snacks to purchase. But that's another Yelp review. The veggie samusas are off the hook and the sauce that comes with it! The Rainbow Salad is my favorite salad and I love that the salad is mixed table side and each ingredient is mentioned...all 22 ingredients presented which is the highlight of the salad itself. The coconut rice is good even alone. The Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice is also good. The chicken is very tender and not over cooked at all. I enjoy the combo. To me, it's very interesting taste with the cardamom and cinnamon paired with chicken and is served in a clay pot. You may have to hunt down a server, but what do you expect, it's a really tiny place so it's not that hard. The food is served pretty fast. All you want to do is eat and run AND they serve CHIMAY beer! My eating experience is nothing but pleasurable. I minused one star because they don't take reservations. Like I said earlier, the wait could be more than an hour, sometimes two. Then again, it's totally totally worth the wait!
Once you finally get seated, all you can see, hear, feel, and smell is love. You sit so close that you can't help but hear your neighbor moans and groans ooh's and ah's. You glance to your left and you think ooh I want that, glance to your right and ooh that looks good too. I love the variation of flavors and textures throughout the menu and even within a single dish. I love the Tea leaf salad: the tea leaves are salty like olives, the peanuts, peas, and garlic give it crunch and flavor. It's a winning combination. Order beer, that salad, coconut rice, and anything on the menu and you'll leave there satisfied.
I went to Alamo Park a few weeks ago to blow bubbles in the park . I met some lovely stranger and lo behold, Burma SuperStar came up. We both agreed that the food is yummy but alas becoming increasingly difficult to justify the ever growing wait. As my companion for the day stated, "it's like some unseen symbol of coolness has been perched on it's rooftop attracting all types across the city that you know weren't here a few months ago" . I have to agree.
This is the only restaurant where I have waited for two hours for a table and thought it was totally worth it. I love their tea leaf salad, their rainbow salad and their poodi. Honestly, I've never had a dish here that I didn't like. I'm a tangy kind of person and they've got lots of yummy tangy tastes!
This food is stellar. We absolutely adored the dishes that we got and felt that the service was fast and efficient. Considering that we waited for an hour and a half to get seated for a table of two - the next time we want Tea Leaf Salad, we are getting it delivered.
as everyone says, the samusa soup is delicious and so is the tea leaf salad.. but i think my favorite thing on the menu here is the pork & pumpkin dish. a biiiit pricey for the amount you get, but its gooood. oh, and the coconut rice is delicious.
The whole reservation process kind of sucks. I wish you could call in a table for dinner, but instead you have to get there as soon as they open for dinner and write your name on a list. However, the food is EXCELLENT. I recommend the Tea Leaf salad and the curries...
I came here at 9:00 and yes there was a wait of 30 mins but i expected it. My mom is visiting from out of town and i really wanted her to try this food. This is only my second time here so i really didnt know what to order beside the tea salad. When we order i asked the waitress what was the mildest chicken dish, because my mom hates spicy. Well when they brought our dishes out the chicken was a bit spicy, I loved it but my mom was sweating a bit. I asked another waiter when he came by the table if that really was the mildest and he looked down and saw some of the thai chile pepper and said probably not. He was so helpful he brought us a little sample of the crispy chicken for us to try, we loved it but we were full from our garlic noodles, beef curry and salad, but he asked us if we would like a dish of it. We said no thanks but it totally made my day and my moms. How sweet!!! Our original server also apologized and asked if we wanted a plate of the other chicken. Again very thoughtful, even when the restuarant was slammed. My mom was so impressed. I am so glad that even though you have over 2000 reviews on yelp and lines out the door that you took the time to make sure we were satisfied, and when the bill came they didnt charge us, thanks again for making us feel special!!
Yum!! Burma SuperStar is truly delicious! The 2+ hour wait can be overwhelming, but honestly, it's worth it (or go for a late lunch-- even better). The volcanic chicken is unreal. Just go!!
OK the decor is a little ghetto but the food is out of this world. Tea Leaf salad, Burmese cooler, coconut rice and crispy samosas. I am still mourning the departure of the yellow bean tofu, apparently the chef return to Burma and no amount of begging has brought them back.
Here is my tip - call ahead and get your name on the list, give yourself time to explore the neighborhood - when your table is ready they will call you. The bad thing about this - is that if you show up without calling or don't show up right when they open plan on waiting about an hour for a table. Sometimes I feel like they try and turn and burn you - quick food to the table and rushing you to get out. Other times have been fine - regardless you are in for a great food experience. The chicken dahl is fantastic, as are many of the appetizers you really can't go wrong with whatever you choose.
This place is just fantastic....I do agree that the wait is really really bad..but it's so so worth it. They take your cell phone number and you can walk around clement street and wait till they call you. Or go at 5 pm for dinner! Burma superstar is one place you have to go to. The food is so flavorful, a bit like chinese (if you are wondering what kind of cuisine Burmese is!). Do try the coconut rice and samusas. They are one of a kind! Must must must place to go to in the city.
This place is great. From the get go you can tell because there's usually a line - and they don't take reservations so get there early. I went here with friends not really knowing what to expect and was very pleasantly surprised. The service was awesome, and so was the food - the Thai ice tea is a must for fans of Pho. The food is a little pricey but still well worth it - three of us ate for about 80$ but I'm looking for the day we go back. The one thing I have to say is that they showed great quality over many dishes - normally a restaurant will have one or two things that you get over and over. But for the food adventurer trying every last thing on the menu is a must - and this is a place where you can do that with confidence of getting a good dish.
I always take people here when they come to visit. The food is excellent. The beverage options are excellent. The dessert menu is a pleasant surprise. The service is good. There is always a wait, but I don't think you can fault the restaurant for that. It is small and intimate, which just means you can scope out what your neighbors ordered.
Though Burma, er Myanmar, may be off limits to tourism, fortunately the country's cuisine is still easily accessible. Well maybe easy isn't the word, because the wait time can be a little intimidating at this popular establishment.My friends and I ordered all Burmese dishes, notated by a * on the menu. I've never had Burmese food before, so I was looking forward to new, exciting flavors. As we waited for our Rainbow Salad to arrive, the crack of a coconut in the kitchen sent fresh juice flying across our table. Awesome! Instead of being an irritant, this added to the experience. We were surrounded by diners drinking fresh coconut juice right out of the shell. If it weren't for the crowded dining room on a foggy San Francisco day, I could have imagined myself sitting on a beach in Southeast Asia surrounded by exotic smells and tropical fruit.The 20+ ingredient Rainbow salad arrived at our table and was hand tossed by our server. It was really unbelievably good. It was followed by a chicken/ rice casserole with almonds, raisons and cardamom. Also super fantastic! We also had a lamb dish and garlic noodles. Each dish was unique and delicious. It was such an impressive introduction to Burmese cuisine. Soon, I will be better schooled with food from Myanmar, as I plan on dining here regularly in the future.
Samosa soup. Tea leaf salad. Tofu tower. Fall asleep happy and full. I'm not a vegan, but I can eat like one and still be satisfied here. The burmese cooler sounded like an odd combination, but now its all I crave on a hot day. Go early to avoid the ridiculously long lines and waits. I think I saw that they opened a satellite location around the corner, so maybe this will take some pressure off the original. Still have to check that one out. Burma SuperStar is hands down the best place to eat on a drizzly, foggy day. And since its in the Richmond, its probably like that 6 days of the week.
it is only A-OK. the waiting was long, i waited for at least one hour. so i am not sure if i would want to wait this long again for the food that can't impress me.  i had rainbow salad, it was too sour and salty. coconut rice was interesting, but spicy chicken with basil and pancake taste average.
This place was incredible and well worth the wait. I had never had Burmese food before, but thought what the heck since I enjoy Indian, Thai and Chinese and it seemed like a mix of these. Started out with the tea salad that was prepared tableside and was incredible. We also had a noodle dish, a beef dish and a chicken biryani casserole. At the end of the meal my party couldn't decide which we liked the best because they were all good. Highly, highly recommended.
YUM! (my mouth waters at the thought of it) The food here is soooo yummy! it's like a mixture of Chinese, Thai, and Indian. I'd highly recommend their "Vegetarian Samosa Soup" and anything "pumpkin ___". As like in all good restaurants, be prepared to wait. I went on a Monday nite and still had to wait for 45 minutes, but the nice thing is that Clement has a lot of stores so you can walk around and come back later AND the restaurant will call your cell phone when your table is ready.
Living close by to Burma SuperStar and hearing such rave reviews of the place, me and my roommates decided we had to check it out. I thought that their food was good, but I think I was expecting so much because of all the hype. It was good-- spicy, so if you are weak, stick with mild dishes. The Pumpkin Shrimp was a really unique and delicious dish, and I enjoyed the coconut rice. Minus stars for having to wait such a long time to eat there -- they do let you put your name and number down and call when your table is ready.
I've heard about this place being really good. I went with big expectations but slightly disappointed. The food was ok. I didn't really like rainbow salad. My favorite really was the sangria with lychees!
I GOT FOOD POISONING HERE... The samosa's are suspected...
Good luck ever getting a table.
We went on a Saturday night, so we anticipated a long list - approx 45mins wait. There's a cafe right across the street where you can wait - they will call you on your cell phone when your table is ready. We started with the rainbow salad that consists of 22 ingredients - four types of noodles, papaya salad, tofu, dried shrimp, with tamarind dressing! Our server named all 22 ingredients (or atleast it sounded like he did, he spoke too fast for me, so I didn't really catch all 22 of them) and even tossed the salad for us. Next, we'll try the tea leaf salad that's prepared with imported tea leaves from Burma. Also tried their garlic chili shrimp (very garlicky!) and the coconut chicken noodle curry (not the kind we expected, it was good but don't think we'll order this again the next time we're there). Service was great. Cozy atmosphere. No reservations.
So I just got back from a month long tour on the road and while I was gone my boyfriend was like "Can we go to Burma when you get back?" and I was like " Hell yeah we can go to Burma when I get back!" . So last night we did and when we were walking up to it I was like "OOh!OOh! Tea leaf salad!" because I knew I was really excited to eat something there but I wasn't really thinking about it and then I realized what it was and I got STOKED. Seriously one of the best things I've ever tasted, and I've tasted a lot of things. When we ordered it we were informed by our server that the fermented tea leaves are imported from Burma which is in a horrible state due to the recent cyclone. He said we were lucky that they had some tea leaves in storage and I proceeded to say that it would have been very sad if their weren't any tea leaves. That is when he told me that 22,000 people had died. I felt like a fucking jerk for being sad for the prospective state of fermented tea leaves.My betrothed found it hilar as usual. But the review goes on. Make sure you order the Burmese food when you are there (ones denoted with a *) because those are the best dishes in my opinion. Plus some of the wait staff gets all offended if you only eat Chinese food. Whatever.
absolutely love the green tea leaf salad. it's the best here! I only go here in the afternoons because at night..you can barely get a table. The afternoons are busy but not so busy that you have to wait. Service is great i nthe afternoon. the food is delicious.
Love the salads and oh no kauswer. The wait can be long, but call ahead and put your name down at least 20 min before you get there. The waitstaff is pretty friendly and helpful with recommendations and explanations of what's in the dishes.
Simply incredible food....so fresh and so delicious. Have gone twice in past few weeks and will probably go back many more times before the summer is over
This place is packed 24/7 and it sucks that they do not take reservations so get there with the idea that you will not be eating for another hour. And the street parking is always taken, I had to hijack someone's spot. I am not usually a jerk like this but after scouting for a parking spot for 20 minutes I thought screw it, this is mine.Once we found our spot we went to Burma and talked to a waitress after elbowing through 20 people waiting to be seated, we put our names down for a table. We were told the wait was around and hour, ridiculous by my standards but the girls I was with wanted the Burmese food.Luckily Clement has a lot to offer for distractions, so we went to the Green Apple book store. Every time I go there I buy something, book stores are a weakness of mine.Back to the food; We went back to see how much longer, and it was still a ridiculous amount of time before we would be seated so we went back to my car with a menu. After looking over their selection I was salivating and wanting my food so we did a phone order and got our food in 40 minutes and took it home.I would have liked to have actually eaten inside the restaurant because the atmosphere was rather inviting.I talked to the waitress as I waited for my to go order and she told me that their lunch hours are less busy, but not by much.
I finally got to try the infamous Burma Superstar for dinner tonight. My experience started off great as I found parking literally around the corner. Parking is a pain here, especially for dinner and on the weekends. But it was a Wednesday at 6:20pm so it wasn't horrible and I got lucky. But of course upon arrival there was a line of about 3 tables in front of us and it took me a while to notice there was a sign in sheet right at the door. I must have looked like a idiot trying to get the waitress' attention. Next time I know. We looked at the menu while waiting for our table so we could expedite our meal and from first glance the food seemed to be a cross of Thai, Malay, and Indian. I liked how they starred the items that were traditional Burmese. That made ordering easier as we obviously came here to eat Burmese food. I was looking forward to the meal as I have heard so much about this place so I was ready to see what the hype was about. Here is what we had:1) Samosa 2) Rainbow Salad 3) Chicken and shrimp Casserole4) String Beans5) Lamb6) Coconut Rice7) Burmese version of Roti (forgot what it was called)7) Beer flavored with ginger and lemonOverall the food was good, but not excellent. What I liked was that it was different. How many places serve Burmese food? Let's see, I liked the beer that we had, as it was very refreshing yet light and also strong. It went well with our meal. The samosa was good, but the skin that they used was almost like the ones they use to make Chinese egg roll. I like Indian samosa better personally. The rainbow salad was very unique as it had 22 ingredients and was very light. How can you not like a dish featured on the food network? The Burmese style roti was thicker than roti and was served plain. It screamed to be served with some sort of curry based sauce like roti is. Maybe I am just to use to it? Fortunately the lamb had sauce that I used as a dip. Now speaking of the lamb, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. It was a bit on the dry side for me. Now onto the chicken and shrimp casserole. It reminded me of jambalaya or paella, but Burmese style of course. The chicken fell off the bone but it was neither dry nor juicy. I wish it was more juicy and the rice seemed to be undercooked. It was a bit crunchy but I don't know anything about Burmese food so maybe that is the style. I am use to moist rice. And the string beans, well it was just that...string beans. Nothing special. Overall I would recommend everyone to try this place for it's uniqueness, especially in a city with great diversity. Go on a weekday to avoid huge lines, or better yet, get take out like I saw some people did. Oh and it's amazing how many people they can squeeze into such a small place. I am not sure why the owner hasn't opened up another place due to the restaurant's popularity.
"IT'S PEANUT BUTTAH JELLY TIME. PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME! PEANUT BUTTAH JELLY AND A BASEBALL BAT!" heeheheheehee. So in love with Brian in a banana suit. Anyways. This place is my SUPERSTAH restaurant because the rainbow salad ees SHO GEWD! And the pork curry is my new comfort food and the white sangria ain't all bad.. Gonna try the pumpkin curry, beef randang, tea salad, and fried bananas next time I go. Anyone wanna join moi?
My brother's girlfriend just loves the place but like what Christie D wrote, I just don't get what all the hype's about. The food's decent but nothing spectacular. Everytime someone suggests going there I wince at the fact that I have to circle Clement for 15mins for parking, then queue another 30mins to get in.
See those 600+ reviews? All of those people are in front of you in line. After that everything is pretty much ok with this place.
I hate crowds. I hate waiting to eat. Yet I will wait to eat here. I think that says a lot. I really like the staff too. Everyone is really friendly. I usually just stick with my favorite stuff. I get the Burma cooler, tea leaf salad, samusa soup, vegetarian curry, poodi, and coconut rice.
Burma Superstar is the closest I will (hopefully) ever come to feeling like a crack addict. We had a party of 8, so were responsible and smart (so we thought) enough to call ahead. They called us as we were driving over to tell us that the table was finishing up so we were stoked. As we stand outside, 5,10,20 minutes go by. I start pacing a little....25, 35 minutes, getting jumpier. Whoo! the table leaves, we start to head in. Oops! sorry they need to clean up the table please stay outside. 10 more minutes go by and finally we are seated. relief washes over me like a cool wave. I will have my FIX! The food is of course deliciously delicious and since we have 8 people, I get to try like 9 things.
Why all the hype? The Burmese dishes at Mandalay are much better and it is a more attractive restaurant.
My favorite place to eat in the Bay Area! The Dried Tea Leaf Salad is simply amazing! I have not had a bad dish here...and the Walnut Shrimp are devine. I recommend Burma Superstar to the highest degree one can.
yummy but usually long waits
Burma Supesta is great!!! I love the eggplants and the rainbow salad and just about everything I've had there. I can't say much about having to wait or anything...since I always seem to be lucky and get right in...I guess it helps to plan ahead and show up early. Anyways, the only complaint I would have is that there seems to be a few retards who don't know how to lock a bathroom door. Seriously people its not hard!!! Just slide the lock and viola a locked door!!!
The food is amazing and totally worth the wait. In our three trips to SF in the past year we have made sure to eat here everytime. The tea leaf salad is delicious, as is the chicken with lotus root and black bean sauce. Nothing on the menu has ever disappointed and the flavors are always amazing. A truly delicious restaurant!
I wanted to knock a star off for the long wait, but I just couldn't. You just have to figure out how to go at the right time. Seriously good.
The way to do it here is 1. Give yourself plenty of time to find parking (or drop someone off to stand in line while you look, or go early in the day and go to local thrift stores and shops and suchlike)2. About an hour before you want to eat, put your name on the waiting list with your cell phone number3. go up the street to Green Apple Books and browse around until they call you4. Have one of the most amazing meals ever.Every time friends come to visit we bring them there. More than once they have said their LIFE WAS CHANGED. The delicious, tangy, warm, comforting flavors.. oh man I want it right now.Favorites: the tea leaf salad and the catfish house special and the samusa soupThe cold noodles are nothing special but everything else is, actually, special. I found the service cheerful and efficient. Also, I love eating family-style, though as a fishetarian it isn't always possible to avoid meat-grease that way.
Went there last night and waited only 15 minutes. We called well in advance though and they put us on the list. I thought the food was outstanding (eating the leftovers for lunch as we speak) I wouldn't wait 2 hours for it. But I wouldn't wait 2 hours for any restaurant that wasn't handing out free food. Here's a simple solution, order carry out from there. You're not going for the decor anyway. Order it to go and have the best of both worlds.
My boyfriend and I always order the ginger salad, then the beef curry with the house fried rice and the pea shoots!! Oh my goodness, this is the best Burmese restaurant in the city! But if you get there at peak hours you'll have to wait a long time. We go as soon as they open around 5pm, that's the best time to go if you don't wanna wait. The girls that work there are awesome and super nice and the food is always great!
Amazing! This place has delicious, unique dishes, and a fun cozy atmosphere. The staff are friendly and fast, even though this place is packed from the moment they open the door. There are always people waiting (they have tea outside while you wait), but its definitely worth it! We really like the chicken curry with flat flour noodles, and the tea salad, which is one of their specialties. the jackfruit banana eggroll dessert was a great surprise. i didn't think i would like it, but it was fantastic! Also reasonably priced. Two of us full, with dessert and beer for 42$. Highly recommended.
Apparently this place is always busy and it should be. The food we had was almost all really great and got the seal of approval from the Burmese people with us as well. The noodles come in huge bowls and are enough to share between a few people.
i finally ate here after reading all the hype about this restaurant! my gf who lives not to far from here mentioned that she ate here w/her man, and told me that i absolutely had to try this place. one night we ate here for dinner...we started w/the samusa soup. so tasty! i love the delicate balance of the curry, falafel, lentils, and the hint of spiciness! the rainbow salad was another to die for dish! all the 20+ ingredients amalgamated together created a delectable salad! it was very light. we ordered the larger portion, and quite honestly, i could tear that up all by myself! she had the walnut prawns which she absolutely loved. and we shared the tofu tower dish and the recommended greens dish. we had a ton of leftovers for the next day. we couldn't help but order a bunch of stuff -- everything looked so tasty and it was too hard to narrow it down, so we ordered it all! the ginger lemonade/beer drink washed the meal down well. as suggested, we called in our party, and had a cocktail at their other restaurant down the street while waiting. i think it's great how they call your cell phone to let you know your reservation is ready!
Patience is key if you're looking to dine at this place any night of the week. There is usually a line out the door and a decent wait. But once you're in the door and ready to order the experience is right on the awesome mark. Everything I've tried on the menu expresses quality flavor and a perfect combination of spice and goodness. I cannot compare it to traditional Burmese food since I have never actually been to Burma, but there is no doubt you'll get a great meal!
I LOVE this place.....it's been my Favorite place as of late. I have tried pretty much everything on the menu at some point and it's all GOOD! The only draw back are the long waits.....but it's so worth it!
WOW...this place is amazing...I've waited for two hour just to eat there...and the staff is so personal that I'm on a first name bases with the them. Even if you didn't know them you'd still get the STAR treatment...Go there...EAT...and keep going back...that reminds me i need to go back there again...
Simply put, the best meal I've eaten in San Francisco.
burma superstar is the sandra oh of restaurants. let me explaini love holes in the wall. i love neighborhood dives. i'm all about the hidden gems. burma superstar: not so hidden, and not much of a gem. am i the only asian person in san francisco? judging by the #30 bus i took into work this morning, i don't think so. so what's up with the infatuation with burma superstar? by itself, the food is not bad. it's not great, but it's not bad. what makes it bad is the hype. the hype and the wait. i went with 6 other people, so we got to try 7 dishes and two salads and a pitcher of sangria. nothing stood out. the 22 flavor salad was creative and didn't taste bad, but definitely not worth the raves that i've seen here. the curry was not spicy, the chicken was no different than a chinese chicken stir fry (they even use the same squiggly line carrot cutter thing that chinese restaurants use), the coconut rice had pretty good flavor but was soggy, and the sangria tasted like sour grape juice. if i had wandered in here by accident (with no wait) and had the food i wouldn't complain. but you guys made it seem like this was the culinary equivalent of jessica alba. and jessica alba is super hot. like really really really hot. like i would pay money to lick peanut butter out of her ass crack hot. so i was expecting a lot. is this place a jessica alba? no. this place is a sandra oh. white people seem to think she's hot, but she is so not. sandra oh looks like she got beaten with a stick. i'm not talking figuratively with an ugly stick, i mean she looks like she physically got beaten with a stick. similarly, i think only people who haven't had burmese food before would like this place. ergo, sandra oh.
This place is fantastic! The cinnamon + rice + chicken clay pot is delicious. In fact, all of their food is good. Burmese food is not very common and this place does it right. On the down side seating in the restaurant is tight quarters (typical S.F.) and they don't take reservations. The wait can be long but it's worth it.
Yes, many great poems can be written in tribute to the tea leaf salad, samusa soup, lovely sangrias, banana shake (must special request it usually...to DIE for), and my all time fav, spicy and crispy chix. Yes, HUGE waits at night. Best time to go: lunch on the weekends. They open at 11:30 and you can be the first one there! Parking is tough, but so is parking in most neighborhoods, which is why I take the bus. Making friends in the neighborhood also recommended. You can park in their driveways while you pick up a takeout order...very efficient.
The food here is really good, but I couldn't imagine waiting outside for more than 20 minutes for a seat. Good thing we came at 5:15 on a Saturday for a laid-back early dinner. The samusa soup is indeed glorious, and the rainbow salad was tasty, tangy and fresh. I'll definitely come back on another lazy weekend. And I am really glad to know that they do take-out... That might be the way to go.
I went to Burma SuperStar based on a recommendation from a co-worker and I had to email him immediately afterwards for the recommendation because I was so impressed. The staff was extremely friendly and the food was great. The Tea Leaf salad was worth the visit alone, but all of the food we ordered was good. I will certainly be returning as well as recommending it to my friends.
This place has become famous to me simply by word of mouth. The girlfriend and I finally walked our lazy selves over there a couple of nights ago and were slightly turned off by the amount of people waiting outside at 9pm but we put our name on the list anyway and waited around for what seemed like 5mins but in reality was probably more like 10 mins, anyways it was a short wait. We ordered the chili lamb, superstar shrimp, and the two types of rice you can get. She got some ginger lemon drink that was good but I would designate it in the category of melted candy...really sweet. The food was great, spicy and well prepared. The price was a bit steep, two drinks two entrees and a two types of rice, with tip $54, for you venture capitalists out there you might be saying "oh that's just San Francisco kid"...truth it is, but I am poor, thus $54 for dinner for two, a bit steep, thanks minimum wage and part time...all in all a great meal, a great atmosphere and no doubt ill be back to try the tea leaf salad.
I don't understand the appeal of this place. I heard raves and tried it, and thought the food was only ok.
I constantly find myself daydreaming of the 22-INGREDIENT RAINBOW SALAD. I've only had the pleasure to dine at Burma twice but both experiences were worth shouting to anyone who'd listen. I also, highly recommend the soup with Samusas. I've been told there's usually a wait...but I've been fortunate enough to dine between the usual lunch & dinner hours. The price was decent, the service was good, the atmosphere was nice and freshness & taste was out-of-this world. Because of Burma Superstar - Burmese is now my new favorite food.
Everything was okay but nothing was really special, I'd even say some of the dishes reminded me of Panda Express. And the sangria is just terrible. The only dish that I would go back for is the tea leaf salad. We were there for a birthday dinner and at $30 a person, definitely not worth it.
Takes forever to get a table if you arrive after 6PM, but the food is worth the wait. It's the type of place you dream about (i.e. - tea leaf salad). The service is prompt but can sometimes be pushy, constantly trying to turn their tables. Even so, the near mouth watering menu and reasonable prices will have you coming back sooner than later.
had my first taste of burma superstar tonight, and was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was, but there were a couple of things that could have made my experience better.my friends and i shared the rainbow salad, big leaf pea shoots, fiery chicken with tofu, and see jyet kauswer (garlic noodles) with duck, and although it was just barely enough for 2 gals and a guy, it was pretty tasty. the staff was also super nice, helping to prep our rainbow salad and always checking in to see if we were okay, even with a full restaurant of diners.the pea shoots could have had some more thorough cleaning because i could feel the grits of dirt mixed in... eww. and the fiery chicken could have been a little less greasy. not sure if, for the ingredients and prep style, it's worth the price (although it's sort of unreasonable to compare this to my usual chinese fare)... luckily we didn't have to wait too long for a seat, otherwise i would have had to knock off a couple stars!!
The food is excellent! The tea leaf salad is the best. And I'm still discovering new dishes to try. The line gets long, but it's worth it. And the one thing that really impresses me about this place is that no matter how crowded and stressful it can get when waiting for a table, the staff is always so nice and polite and accomodating. I'm truly impressed.
came here for lunch and was able to get seated immediately. tried two lunch specials: a beef curry w/ coconut rice where the closest comparison i can come up was a curried goulash. tasty but not quite what i was expecting. the coconut rice was really good.also tried my friend's fiery chicken which had a nice 'sweet heat' to it as they stated on the menu. the yellow rice with speckles of corn in it was tasty.i'd definitely go back again but i've got to admit, as an out-of-towner, i'm surprised to see it has this many reviews. seems like just another above-average (perhaps slightly more unique) asian restaurant in a neighborhood full of them....
We waited over an hour to try this popular eatery on a Thursday night, while good business usually reflects the quality of foods in the restaurant industry, it did not seem to apply to this extremely popular tiny eatery, the food was disappointing, and the service is average, we were delighted by their beer selections, though, try Chimay, it's super refreshing.
I've been walking by this place for 6 months and never cease to be amazed by the lines of people waiting to have dinner at all hours. That was certainly an indicator that the food must be great, and the amazing smell coming from inside just confirmed it. However, they don't take reservations so we never had the patience to wait.Today we decided to head over early (12) to try to get in before the masses arrived. It worked! It was really easy to get a table for lunch. The food was everything I dreamed of and more... DE-LI-CIOUS. There is a great variety of vegetarian dishes, poultry, pork, beef, seafood and salads... so regardless of your taste you will find something you like. I can't remember the name of the dish I had.. but it was the first one on the chicken list and came in a clay pot. Ridiculous... that's how good it was. The place is small and intimate. Highly recommend it for their food alone.___________________________________________I went back with some friends from out of town, again for lunch, again easy to find a table... they are still writing me thank you letters... Tried the beef curry this time and I dream about it every night. FANTASTIC!
So I am Burmese! The food is good to be generous. It's definitely not authentic. It's Americanized Burmese food like most Asian cuisine is, but definitely not bad. The problem I think is that they don't use enough fish sauce, I think it's because it smells terrible and would probably drive their clientele away. ;)
There is line out the door after 6:30 PM for a reason. Almost every dish is full of unique flavor and is crave-able.Every friend I've taken to Burma Super Star ends up loving the restaurant. It's definitely mine and my husband's favorite restaurant. I take all visiting friends and family here when ever possible.We crave the Rainbow Salad so much that I sometimes wish I had ordered one full dish for myself.The Salt an Pepper Chicken is also a staple at our table. I don't like curry so I do not order any curry dishes but my friends love it.The only dish I didn't like was the pumpkin lamb(?) or beef.
Took my wife here for lunch today, to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary and this place gave us both food poisoning!. Both myself and wife had the runs, stomach aches, chills and ended up in front of a toliet. We ordered the rainbow salad, garlic noodles w/duck and the catfish stew with coconut rice. All of the hot food was lukewarm and pretty bland. The coconut rice was mushy and more like a dessert pudding than anything else. They even sell a noodle disk that is served at room temperature and it is not a salad! Lucky we did not order that dish! I do not understand the lines that people form to wait for a seat? If you want a better East Asian food experience, try Qui (something) on geary blvd (where cafe riggio use to be). That is some good Vietnamese food and pleasant ambiance.
The reviews don't lie. This place is amazing! The samosa soup, tea leaf salad and rainbow salad are all so delicious!! Check it out!
Oh the cuisines I get to try when I come to San Francisco! First Senegalese, now Burmese! Knowing the popularity of this place, my guide smartly suggested we go the take-out route, and judging by the lines we saw when we picked it up, she was right! Now, I can't say I've ever had burmese food, so I don't know how this compares, but it was certainly quite yummy! We had the famous tea-leaf salad, pumpkin shrimp - a risk which turned out excellent -, eggplant curry, superstar noodles, and one other thing (i think). It was all excellent. Flavorful and delicious. I'd say it somewhere between thai and indian food (and were I geographically inclined, I could tell you that Burma is indeed between Thailand and India. In fact, I have no idea where Burma is). By all means try it, but go on a weeknight or do takeout if you want to avoid the wait.
I have been going to Burma Superstar waaaaaay before it got so popular and I only go for lunch so I have not experienced the wait for a table. The food is so delicious, its one of those places I have never had a bad meal. Everything is ungodly good, but the tealeaf salad and the rainbow salad are so different and so tasty, I actually crave that damn tealeaf salad its that good and I am not even a big salad fan. My only advice is to stick to the authentic dishes indicated by a small star on the menu and avoid the chinese dishes like sesame chicken, not that its not good, just not what they do best.
yea, everyone knows to get the tea leaf salad, but have you tried the pumpkin pork stew? think about that.
Awesome samosa soup and green tea salad. It's a little loud, but in an excited, energetic way that makes eating feel like a celebration. My family loved the young coconut milk. Highly recommend the coconut rice (nice sweet flavor) and platha bread as well.
Everybody has said it all.....basically a VERY GOOD, healthy place to go. Reasonably priced for a wide variety of tastes. GO EARLY so you get in line. I can't imagine standing in line and finding out you just missed the cut off and have to wait for the second wave of diners! I would go again, again and again!!
1 word "WOW"   I'd rather wait in a long line and enjoy the great food than do the alternative.  Went across the street to Plough and Stars for a beer as we waitied to be seated.   This a great spot in SF to eat!
Used to be my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood. Which is the reason I gave it three chances to get it right in the last year. No luck. I don't mind the wait, get there early and it's not a problem. I don't mind the service, it's slow, but you know that going in. The food, however, has truly and sadly gone downhill. The Chicken Dhal, once my favorite dish, should be avoided at all cost. I ordered it the last two times I was there, and both times received a lukewarm bowl of chicken bones with very little meat. The sauce separated from the oil leaving a half-inch thick layer of oil on top. My companion's food was about the same. So for now, avoid. There are much better Burmese restuarants in town.
I've been here only once, but really liked it. The food was worth the wait to get in. So if you want to go here take into consideration when planning, because they do not take reservations. You have to put your name on a list when you get there. Plan on waiting. The tables are crowded together and the tables are small. This is not a good place for groups of people over four I'd say. I went with friends who were vegetarian and they had lots to offer. The food was fabulous and we even had left overs. We ate family style. This maybe a seasonal thing but I'd suggest their white wine lychee sangria. It was so tasty. In the end I'd still end up going and dealing with the line and being in a crowded restaurant just for the food they have here. It's well worth it.
Just walked home from this excellent restaurant. I haven't had anything I didn't like and my favorites are the Samosa Soup and the Rainbow Salad. If you don't like crowds or waiting I suggest you go for lunch, you will have a better chance for getting seated quickly. It is a perfect place to dine alone or in big groups. Very casual and comfortable atmosphere. You should stop what you are doing and go there right now!
MUST TRY! Delicious!!!Wait staff is extremely friendly. Food is delicious.Tea Leaf Salad and Rainbow Salad is a must try!!! Ginger lemonade, coconut rice and plathra is also a must! For main dishes, beef kebat is also good.Make sure you call ahead to put your name on the list or else you will wait 2+ hours for a seat! Enjoy.There are many dishes
This is my favorite restaurant in the city. There's a reason there is always a crowd of people standing outside the restaurant. But as others have said, you can call ahead to put your name on the list. They will even call you when your table is ready. Parking is difficult in that area, but parking is a problem for most restaurants in the city.My favorites are the Rainbow Salad and the Vegetarian Samusa Soup. Most of the food is spicy but that's why I like it. The sangria is the one of the few things I would not recommend.
I loved this place. Great options for vegetarians. There are about 3 appetizers to choose from and 9 or so entrees. I love that their vegetarian section is actually vegetarian. I hate when you go to a restaurant and they have a Veggie section but 90% of them have meat. They think just because there is broccoli in something that it should be listed under Vegetables. I am like, yeah....but there is BEEF in it! Moving on, so their coconut rice is amazing and the bread to get on the side is evil. I could not stop eating it. I got a little dizzy while I was there I think there might be crack in the food, or maybe it's because I ate WAY too much.
All hype. When the menu specifically points out dishes that were on the Food Network (oooh!) you know you're about to pay too much for mediocre food. I thought the samusa soup was oily and flavorless and the chicken curry bland. How can you screw up chicken curry? I'll stick to Mandalay for my Burmese fix. Burma Superstar isn't the only place around that serves the tea leaf and rainbow salads.
Burma Superstar is divine. I hope my mom doesnt see this review because she would be "disappointed", due to my heritage we are supposed to kill all Burmese. Sadly, in my book if they are good cooks then they live. Luckily, they are good cooks and the homicide unit wont be running any forensics tonight. I highly recommend this restaurant, dont just hover outside either and be a dumbshit blockage preventing real, serious customers from gettin their grub on. Just move aside and ponder bout of a jerkish-idiot you are for not goin in.
I was almost tempted to rate this lower because it's become WAY too popular. i loved this place before it became super crowded. now it's just impossible to get a seat. go and try the rainbow salad, samosa soup, superstar noodles, nan pia dok, and of course the coconut rice. if i went by myself, i would probably still order all those dishes (i can never decide what i like the most).
What can I say but WOW! I live in the same neighborhood and I must say that my boyfriend and I have revisited Burma MANY times. There is usually a wait, but once you get in it is well worth it. The service is super quick and the food is out of this world. They have burmese cuisine with a littl Thai and other influences. If you go you must, and I mean MUST get the Tea Leaf salad. A traditional Burmese dish it is the best salad I have ever had. I get each and every time we go. Enjoy!
this place is pretty good. 4 stars mainly because it's kind of the only decent burmese restaurant around. however, it cant really compare to the cooking of my ex-bf's mother. thats REAL burmese food. the tea leaf salad here is comprable though :D
Hubby's Review:I was ready to slam this place but I came away very satiated. Ordered the samusa soup, chicken with rice in a clay pot and garlic shrimp. Pretty tasty stuff compared to the blandness found in most restaurants. The only complaint I have is that the food came out lukewarm. I suspect they prepped their food beforehand. Service was polite/efficient but not too personable. Gives one the sense that they want to have quick turnonvers at the tables. Would go back again.
My first time trying Burmese food and loved it!! This place was obviously something special considering there were over 2,000 reviews on YELP and it took an hour an a half to get a table on a Saturday night. We started with a large Somosa soup split between four people. I found it very flavorful and all of us had seconds. Next we tried the tea leaf salad, just because of all the hype. The server brought the salad to us on a plate unmixed, and explained to us what each of the ingredients were, then mixed it right in front of us. It was good and definitely different than anything else I had ever had so I enjoyed it. After all this we were pretty full, but my fiance and I split the garlic chicken over brown rice which was flavorful and filling. Our friends had a vegetarian curry dish which was also very flavorful. I'm dying to try the pumpkin pork stew next time we come here.
The catfish chowder lit up my lunch hour. Moreover, this place is noodle and rice heaven, and the tea leaf salad was delish.
tiny, crowded, but who cares. not a very efficient logistics system in terms of waiting. oh wellget 1) rainbow salad 2) superstar shrimp 3) samusas and 4) white sangrianegative intangibles: one unisex bathroom.
I popped Spazz-roomie's cherry. It's a good thing he loved it because he'll never get it back. I was the first and will always be remembered as the first. It's a good thing I've been down this road before because I was able to gently introduce him to the world that is Burma SuperStar. I lubed him with the Falafel soup, which you can NEVER go wrong with. With some serious slurping and a little sweat starting to form, I gently described all the deliciousness that could be had, encouraged a bit of openness and willingness, then prodded him towards a specific noodle dish. He was done way before me, (and loving every minute of it) but because it was his first time I let him finish off the rest of mine. Burma SuperStar never disappoints. Although the line may be a pain in the ass during dinner time, the lunch wait is hardly ever there. The food is always great yet the waitstaff always seems a bit aloof at best.  *This is a little creepy I know. But when you're the 517th person to review a place, I had to try and make this at least a little interesting!*
I have never had Burmese food until now. I am very impressed!
get the tea leaf salad and samosa soup!!! i can't say it enough. i CRAVE both of these dishes far too often for someone who lives on the other side of the bay. if i lived nearby it would be all i eat.... tea leaf salad and samosa soup. gal-darn they are good!yes, the wait can be long. but it is SO worth the wait  (and you can go get your drink on somewhere else as long as you brought a cell phone along!)
Great food here! especially the salads and soups. I hate the wait and the fact they don't take reservations... :( They do have nice set up where you can leave your cell number with them to call you but reservations would be nice. Also, lunch is not even nearly as good as dinner, so skip it.
I would really say this is more 3 1/2 stars. Here's why - 5 stars for the food if you order the right thing, 3 stars for the other dishes and service. Everything I usually order is good but I think it's quite easy to have mediocre food here if you don't know what to order. I make sure to only get the Burmese dishes - which are really only a handful of the menu. (The dishes with a * are the Burmese ones). The rest of the menu seems to be more Chinese. With a party of 4, we had...2 salads- they recommend you order a large order for a party of 2 or more but I figured we'd try a regular order of each)tea leaf salad - so interesting, I don't know of any other dish with this unique flavor comborainbow salad- 22 ingredients - all yum!samusa - yumshan noodle - this was the 1 BAD dish I have had here. It was both sour and way salty (from the fermented black beans) at the same time. texture was a bit off too. pork curry - 1st time ordering this too, it had a strong flavor of a certain spice i am not that familiar with - anise? cardamom? I didn't like it, but admit it could very well be personal preference. The yellow chix curry is always good here - I'll stick to that from now on...I am usually weary of Asian restaurants with 95% non-Asian patrons (like Eliza's) but I admit this restaurant dispells this prejudice of mine.Service - although all the staff is very friendly, I felt really rushed. I understand the place is busy and am pretty courteous about not lingering around when others are waiting for a table. But the tea leaf salad, rainbow salad and samusa came out within a span of 3 minutes. And the noodle, curry and rice came out maybe 5 minutes later. I know I could have taken my time but I like my entrees hot. We also got the bill before our dessert came. I would agree that this is a good option for lunch...
New favorite restaurant in San Francisco!! Go on a week night. Much shorter wait. I've heard people rave about this place so I had to check it out for myself. We were lucky and seated right away. We started with the Samusa soup. Delicious! Samusas chopped up, falafel, onions, cabbage, and just the right amount of kick. We had to stop ourselves from eating the whole bowl. For dinner we had the Burmese Shrimp Curry and the Classic Burmese Chicken Casserole with Cardamom Cinnamon Rice. I have no idea what was in the curry but it was amazing and bright red. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. I ordered a side of coconut infused basmati rice to go with it adding just the right amount of sweet to the curry flavor.  My boyfriend had the casserole and loved it. It was cooked in a clay pot and the chicken was falling off the bone. It had sliced almonds and raisins to add even more flavor to the dish.We will be back for sure (on another weeknight) to try their famous salads and other traditional Burmese dinners.
Where else can you say "Poodi" when ordering your food? I giggle every time I see it on the menu. Of course, I can also vouch for the tea leaf salad, samosa soup, a myriad of everything else. The place is a little crowded, and the line is worth the wait. If I can't spare the time, I get the order to go and enjoy the delicious meal at home.
Really tasty food, reasonbly priced, and beer lemonade. It's been a standby for long enough that I trust that they're reliable. If I lived nearby Burma Superstar would be a haunt.
I've come here repeatedly to celebrate birthdays with my family members. The food can be tasty but the wait is really a hassle. Tonight it was chili lamb which was a bit too gamey (or old) and way hot. The silken tofu with mushroom was not bad but also too spicy.The salmon is always good and not too spicy.Lesson learned. Stopped the waitress and ask her to make it mild unless you like an inferno in your mouth. Alcohol and cocunt rice can actually help decrease the spice factor.One possible pearl: if you call ahead of time, they can write you onto the waiting list which helps reduce your overall time for waiting. Try calling about 30 min ahead of arriving. You will be glad.
A hidden treasure in one of the most under appreciated eating areas in the city. The food here is very good and service is pretty quick. I'm sad that the mango and lychee smoothies were taken off the menu. The samusa soup is excellent and should not be missed. The only downside w/ this place is that it gets crowded quickly (even on weekdays) and they don't take reservations. Try to get there about 30 minutes prior to when you actually wanna eat.
Good food despite the annoying wait. You can always order take out instead of having to do the call-ahead-two-hours thing.
This is my favorite restaurant, ever. And i mean anywhere in the world.I've been a regular here for about 3 years. I've had just about everything on the menu. show up early prepared to sit at a bar down the street and wait for the call. Don't bring a lot of people--they only have one large seating table.They have take-out available too, this is usually my favorite option.I recommend: Rainbow salad, salt and pepper chicken (spicy!), mu-shu wraps, curried lamb, sesame beef, walnut shrimp, and the coconut rice. Not to mention the Burma Cooler (beer w/lemon and ginger).I don't personally care for the samosas. Everyone says they're amazing, personally i find them bland--the Indian Oven's are waaay better. I don't care for the noodle dishes either--but once again, personal distaste.Please don't go here... or if you do, go at lunch.
Going to Burma Superstar tonight, I was pleased with my meal. I think bringing a tall white Macedonian meant minimal spiciness on all the food I had, so the food was safely mild. A group of three, we shared vegetarian samusas, rainbow salad, coconut chicken soup, shrimp with walnut, burmese curry lamb and some basmati rice. The dish sizes were moderate. We all left the meal satisfied but not stuffed. Of the things ordered, the soup and shrimp were best, while the samusas and salad could have used more flavor and the lamb tasted off (we didn't finish it). The best part about the restaurant was the cute decorations, sweet servers and rapid service. Overall, I had a good experience but wouldn't put this on my "must visit" list.
It's not worth the 1 hour+ wait.  The meat in the stew is not tender enough. The famous soup (as featured on TV) is probably the most unique dish in this restaurant - everything else is like a more subdued version of Thai or Indian food. The flavor does not suit me too much (I am a much bigger fan of Thai food).
I don't think I need to explain what has already been said about this place a thousand times. Everything was excellent, and I was finally satisfied that a recommended restaurant lived up to the hype. I can't say the dishes I tried absolutely blew me away, but they were better than I have had elsewhere in the city. Everything was also very fresh. The place is busy,but worth it.
Today marks the anniversary of Myanmar's independence from British rule. Give Burma some props and check out one of the city's finest. Beer cooler is refreshing and the dishes are incredible. The impatient should consider heading in for lunch. After you try the food, you won't mind the wait at dinner time. ps. call ahead to get your name on the list
The food here is fresh and tasty. I came with a burmese friend, so I had him order everything. We had a ton of food, my favorite were the tea salad and the curry over noodle. The restaurant is small relative to the demand. We had to wait an hour to get a seat. The staff is really nice though and make the wait almost worth it.
yummy yummy burma superstar. the walnut prawns were something i dream about when i'm asleep, and the garlic noodles with duck were delicious. rainbow salad was excellent as well. we got there just before rush hour so the service was quick and very friendly also. definitely a must if you like burmese food. just remember to show up a little earlier to beat the crowds...
lucky us we didn't wait at all. advice to all, come early! hahaHOTTTT food! i had a calamari something salad with hot and spicy chillies for appetizers.. hah ha hah.. i needed 3 glasses of water! superstar lamb curry, shrimp something.. i forgot! I was lost in words eating those SUPER STAR dishes! i remember they featured it on FOODNETWORK! so kudos! indeed it's a good restaurant. Nice people, and service..
I agree with the reviews here. The wait is quiet long and advanced reservations are not taken. Although you could call in a hour ahead of time. Make sure your entire party is there or else the staff will not seat you. The samosa, tea salad, and curry chicken are superb. Each dish we ordered came out to near perfection. Like the other reviews, we also felt the portions are a bit on the short side. But we came out with our fill and would recommend going back to anyone that wishes to try Burmese food.
Bland bland bland. I don't understand why people wait so long to get into this place. I gave it a second shot, despite the food poisoning I got the first time, and it was still just not good.
The wait can be pretty long, but the food is worth the wait. I typically end up ordering the Shrimp Kebat and the Curry Eggplant each time I go there, although the other dishes are good too.
A little bit crowded but the food is very exotic. The green tea salad is THE BEST DISH OF THE HOUSE. The staff is friendly and nice.
I have been dying to try this place for over a year and finally had the privilege of dining here...AMAZING food. We decided to eat at Burma after a day at Stern Grove so arrived at the restaurant just before it opened at 5. Thank god we did! Within 20 minutes every seat was taken and a line had formed outside. The food is seriously worth it though. We opted to try only traditional Burmese cuisine and honesty everything was melt in your mouth good. The tea leaf salad was a part in your mouth, as it's listed on the menu. The only reason I don't give Burma 5 stars is the fact that people have to wait for hours.
I thought the food was pretty good, however, I'm not too sure what all the hype is about.
Food is the bomb. Service is just ok. If you like Thai or Indian food, you'll enjoy BurmaStar. Dishes are flavorful, Samosa Soup is like a meal on its own, and I LOVE the Rainbow Salad... it's a great starter and refreshing. Be aware of what you order if your stomach can't handle heavy or spicy foods, and don't plan on being on a diet the day you go, cause you'll want to eat a ton! All types go here, even the snobs that swear they'd never eat at a "hole in the wall". Try to go for lunch or an early dinner (they open for dinner at 5p on weeknights.. but sometimes you'll find a line starts forning come 4:30 -right out the door 'OPEN-OPEN-OPEN')  if not, you'll be waiting a while...
This place is good. However the wait can kill the evening. However if you call ahead they will put your name on the list. so call ahead and then the wait isnt that bad. Food is great, service is ok. It is a small place and you cant expect to be in and out in under an hour. Sit back and try to get a window seat and people watch. The braised pork belley is to die for!!! A must try. Went with three other friends and did the call ahead on a friday nite and only waited 30 min. Good but remember the wait can kill the mood. its always busy.
Super Overrated Burmese Cuisine.
With 2k+ reviews, what more can I say ? I wish they took reservations. The food is great, but the wait can get frustrating. I'd recommend you drop into Rockit Club across the street after you write your name. For large groups, expect a wait of 1.5 hours :( But yes, the wait times do say something about the food. I loved the tea leaf salad, poodi, and mango-tango soju.
I'm almost tempted to give this three stars because all the hype made me have incredible expectations, but because we had a tasty meal, I'll keep it at four. We started off our meal with a refreshing half-pitcher of the lychee/orange sangria (which was a perfect amount for two people). The tea tree salad, sumosas and the Spicy Basil Chicken were downright tasty. Not to die for (and certainly not to wait two hours for), but still unique and enjoyable if you're going for an early weekday evening or a lunch (before the crowds get there).
Yum. It's a little too popular for its own good, but if you're local and you don't mind missing out on the divine sangria (yum!), you can get takeout and avoid the long wait. Their coconut rice is to die for. There are plenty of options for vegetarians, and we celiacs also have a good number of dishes from which to choose. Hooray!
I dug it! My advice is to go take-out and avoid the super crowed dinning room. The service was great. The food is the bomb. It does get crowed every night. Be prepared to wait. The wait is well worth it.
First, the wait is just waaay too long. Any green tea salad mixed with lettuce and still call it Burmese cusine is just wrong. Overrated, I think. Sorry to all the yelpers who adore this restaurant. A couple blocks down you can find Mandalay Restaurant-- a much better alternative, where the food is just as good or better... the tea salad is as close to authentic as you can get in SF-- at least there's no lettuce!
It seems I'm inspired to write reviews for businesses and people I love, and here's another. Burma SuperStar is worth every second (or 40 minutes) of waiting it can take to get in. Put your name on the list, go across the street for a coffee and bring a book or a pack of cards to keep entertained during the wait, and when your name comes up, step into a mouth-watering meal. The food makes my eyes roll with delight every time I go.
Other than the tea leaf salad (a must!) and the Oh Noh Kauser, all the other dishes here have been a disappointment.
YUM. This place is all kinds of flavors. We tried the salt and pepper fried chicken with a lime sauce, definitely worth it. Super delicious. Then we ordered the sesame chicken and the garlic chili shrimp. Both very flavorful. Along with the coconut rice, everything was awesome. Coconut rice just makes everything BETTER. I could just eat tons and tons of coconut rice. For dessert, we had the fried coconut pudding with coconut ice cream. COCONUT COCONUT COCONUT!!!!! We actually didn't have to wait that long at 7pm on a Friday night. Probably a 15 minute wait. Not bad for a place that constantly has a fatty line out the door.....
Samusas are a necessity of life!
tiny restaurant on clement @ 4th ave. samusa soup...divine, absolutely divine. but the wait...sweet christ in heaven. bring a book, pitch a tent, dress warmly, do *not* go on the weekend. hipsters have discovered it & they flock there in lemming-like mobs. there has *got* to be a better way to get people in & out of there. (moratorium on tables greater than 4 people perhaps?)it's fast service, once you get a table. gals that run the dining room are friendly & attentive & amazingly patient with a clientle that isn't.
I really can't think of better food off the top of my head. This place just ROCKS, but its very busy at the regular meal times, so just alter your schedule a bit.
I loved this joint. We ordered all of the waiter's recommendations and didn't go wrong. It was a bit more than I wanted to pay, especially for the tea leaf salad, but we loved all the food!
Really frickin' good. Order a platha, rainbow salad, and Burmese curry with beef and you'll be pleased. And make sure you go with someone who has interesting things to say (or who is okay with listening to you blabber on and on) because the wait can be very very long.
Fantastic food and service, decently priced, and with a superlatively designed menu.Much-lauded though it may already be, the tea-leaf salad is worth every accolade it receives. Coconut rice and various curries are as fresh as I've ever had, and I will be taking trips back here whenever I am visiting San Francisco. Categorically some of the best food I have had at this price in the Bay Area.
Ate there late on a Friday night. Pretty long wait, but didn't feel that long (probably b/c we were playing Boggle on my cell phone). The host/seater was overworked, but she held everything together really well. Even were about to start letting all of us who were waiting outside go ahead and order so when we sat down our food would be ready. Didn't happen, though, b/c we were suddenly seated.The service was super fast - both with the server greeting us and taking order, as well as bringing the food out.I love me some thai iced tea - sucked it down in one gulp, it was so good. My gf got some soju cocktail that was good.We shared the tea leaf salad which was good and nutty, then shared the sesame chicken was even better.The only thing i wish were different is a little bit more elbow room at the tables - they had crammed in a lot of tables, so the aisles are narrow and you're close to your dining neighbors. But everything else makes up for it.
Smart yelpers don't lie. Tea Salad, Samosa Soup, and they Burmese version of a Shandy. The wait, although worth it, is very off putting. Sometimes you can do a sneak attack and call ahead, sometimes
I've eaten a lot of south asian food and rarely have I tasted anything superiorly (is that a word?) unique. Burma Superstar, you have my heart and soul - not literally, though, because their food was incredibly decadent and made with just touches of oil. Nothing greasy or heavy on the tummy.Major plus- we went on a Saturday afternoon. All the people before us left, so we got seated in about 10 minutes. Luck? Nah, I'm pretty sure it was meant to be.Mmmmm. Too bad I live on the other side of the Bay =(
excellent food, the atmosphere and service was wonderful!
The hottest restaurant on the block by the wait and number of people outside. I finally had a chance to eat there and we had the samusa soup, tea leaf salad, garlic chili shrimp, beef kabat and platha bread. We had a pitcher of sangria complete with lychee. mmmm. All get thumbs up! The wait is long but you can leave your phone number and browse Clement - Park Life and a fish store can sure make time fly!
I really enjoyed this place. A friend of mine who is a huge fan accompanied me and advised me on what's good. Not sure if I would've made such great choices on my own, but I really liked the things I tried. I went early in the evening and had no wait whatsoever-- the restaurant was mostly empty, actually, and parking was a cinch. I'd definitely go back, though I doubt I'd ever wait an hour or more to be seated.
Yes, the SuperStar should get 5 stars for its food and name, but I can't help but suspect that those dishes taste so damn good partly because they arrive at the end of a two-hour wait, when you have to pry your teeth from your forearm because you mistook it for a turkey sandwich. One strategy is to do your after-dinner drinks (beer, wine, coffee, tea) beforehand at the cute-as-a-button Blue Danube cafe across the street. The restaurant will call you on your cell phone when they're ready to seat you. Ditto to the 100 people who already said the tea leaf salad is scrumptious. I love to watch them stir up the edible color wheel!
OK, so the wait is ridiculous, the dining is cramped, parking? forget about it! OK, but don't run away yet! Go there - quick! They will call you on your cell when your table is ready and you can kill time at the wine bar on the corner or shopping for treasures in green apple bookstore. 20 ingredient salad is where it's at - I take friends there for this item alone - to shock and impress them. I have never had a bad dish and have always been treated politely and enjoyed my experience.
This place is amazing. I just moved to the area and my roommate who has lived here for a while recommended it as a great place to go for dinner. There was no wait when we went there around 8ish on a Tuesday, but walking by the following night I saw about 10 or 15 people waiting outside, so the wait probably depends on the night that you go. The food is delicious. Neighboring both Thailand and China you can really notice the influence from both cuisines. I recommend the sumosa's for appetizer. My only qualm was being packed so tightly in the retaurant, but for such a popular place of it's size I understand why they pack em in so tightly.I'm definitely going back here again.
I have fantasies of being buried alive in a vat of their coconut rice and having to eat my way out.
I love the Tea Salad. Recommend you call first and put your name on the list. Your table will be ready when you arrive. Cramped and noisy, but worth it.
This is my FAVORITE Asian food restaurant in San Francisco - now, that is saying something! The fiery chicken and tofu is amazing - and if you ask for it extra super, spicy, it will actually come that way - not just slightly spicier like at so many other places! The dried sauteed string beans are delicious - crispy, flavorful, yum. The rainbow salad is great - the salads are what the restaurant is known for. I would avoid the samosas salad - there are so many better choices, though I have eyed the samosas appetizer going past my table and think that would be a good bet.
There's a reason why this place is busy every night of the week...because the food is damn delicious. As an appetizer you have to get the tea leaf salad....mix of peanuts, fried onions, sunflower seed, lettuce, and other good stuff all mixed together. According to the menu the tea leaf salad has appeared in Food Network. Also the samosa soup is amazing! As entrees I suggest the walnut shrimp, fiery beef with tofu, and my favorite...the beef kebat. But everything is good, especially with coconut rice. If you can fit dessert in your stomach go with the coconut fritters...they are out of this world!!!
I relish the opportunity to provide an alternative perspective on Burma SuperStar, or what I like to think of as a realistic view of this place. I've been hear twice, and my conclusion - over-rated. Anyone who spends any time in Asia, including Southeast Asia, knows what real Asian food tastes like. While I don't expect that level of taste here, Burma SuperStar does offer good tasting dishes. They are not great dishes, however, and not deserving of the accolades. Certainly not worth the price or the painful long wait. Every time I drive by here I see folks who obviously think the world of this place, and perhaps believe that Burma Superstar is so trendy. Bottom line - the dishes alone are good but not special, and deserving of three stars. The prices are also a bit too high for the quality, and the wait is ridiculous. Overall, it's the quality to price value ratio that determined this two-star rating.
People kept raving about this place. I finally went there with some friends that were excited about it. I found the food to be good not great. Portions were okay, although I think we did get a little lesser portions than the somewhat high prices would suggest. Service was okay. Very Busy. People lined up for up to 45 minutes to get a table. Expect to wait on a busy night.
Another glowing review. We had no problem deciding to try the tea leaf salad and samusas and then asked our waiter (he was wonderful) for another suggestion and ordered the coconut chicken curry flat noodle. All dishes were delicious and both like and unlike anything we'd ever eaten. The long wait (since they don't take reservations) was just fine since they take your cell number and we could go across the street and linger in Green Apple Books until they called us.
This was my first visit to this restaurant. This cozy little place stands up to the reputation. The food is very tasty, although some dishes more than others. If you like your food spicy, it might be a good idea to inform them earlier. The dish as is can be quite bland otherwise. I am purely vegetarian. Numerous veggie options on the menu. Good choice - 4 * from me :)
We put our name in for our party of 11 and waited about an hour. We get seated, and this place was made for big parties. The family style dishes were perfect for trying a little bit of everything. We had a chance to try a little bit of everything. The rainbow salad, everyone says get it, and there is a reason everyone says to get it. The tea leaf salad was equally great and I would recommend that too. Very interesting nutty flavors in that one. Every dish was just well done and extremely tasty and I cannot wait to go back.
The garlic noodles at Burma Superstar is a must. The portions are small, so the next time I go back, I'm definitely not sharing with my husband. The curry chicken was great and the mango chicken was not too spicy. Overall a very good meal and remember to go early because the lines starts forming at 5:30-6:00pm.
i first came here years ago when my Burmese buddy in college kept raving about the food of his homeland. so we came out to the city from the East Bay and man, was it worth it. the tea leaf salad alone was worth the trip from the dorms...many years later, little did i know that i'd end up living in the same hood. yes, the food is excellent and yes, the wait can be a drag. like others have said, the best time to go is at lunch during the week. otherwise, get there before 7pm. the good thing is, Green Apple Books is down the street, so you can hang there if there's a long line.
yeah, it's super good. put your name in, go have a few drinks at a local pub, then chow down. i really liked the lemon ginger beer!
I'm in love.Go here during lunch on a weekday. We went at 1 and there was no wait! The waitresses are great, listen to their reccomendations! The 22/21 (can't remember) salad was AMAZING. It was one of those "wow" moments that I didn't experience at Gary Danko. Yes, I would choose this restaurant over Gary Danko any day. I can't wait to try their other specials. We has some curry noodle that was excellent. The meat dishes we had were just average.And the prices were great too. Go here with a few friends so you can try a lot of dishes.
This is the first Burmese cuisine I've tried and was quite pleased. We were lucky to be seated quickly, probably because we got in early before the rush. I've tried coming here several other times and the line was ridiculous.. the wait list usually is a full page or two long. The sangria is white although I've tried better, however, still tastey. The dishes are flavorful and not too overbearing. If you go, just remember to get there early or expect a long wait.
I have never had Burmese food before and I was quite impressed. We waited for about 10-15 mins on a Saturday afternoon. I got a kick out of drinking the juice straight out of a coconut. The vegetarian samusa soup was fantastic. I'm a spice wimp and it bordered on the edge of just-enough-spiciness-for-me.
How sad to see bad reviews! This is truly one of the best places on Clement, wait or no wait! The tea leaf salad is delicious. I also like the pea shoots. If you don't want to deal with the wait (which is especially brutal when it's cold out) get take out! I call, place my order, and have a leisurely neighborhood stroll to pick it up. Yum!
I would preface my review by saying that I care about taste and price. I have little to no interest in ambiance and service. Burma Superstar has flavors you haven't had at other restaurants. Its not quite Indonesian not quite Thai, I can't put my finger on it... They like shallots that much I know. Anyhow priced great, food unique and very tasty. Service terrible, wait long, but what I wouldn't do for good food at reasonable prices.
Great food, but the line is always super long for dinner and the restaurant is very small and crowded. Everybody should try "Rainbow Salad" at least once, you won't be disappointed.
I finally made it to Burma Super Star this weekend after passing it up countless times due to the long like. There were 9 of us on a Saturday afternoon and it only took about a half hour to get our table. Not too shabby I'd say. The tea leaf salad was off the handle. I've never had such a complex salad. The texture was great. Service was good, and everyone at the table was really loving the food. I look forward to coming back and trying something else off their menu.
We like it a lot but it's not worth waiting outside in the cold for an hour. Take out works well if you live nearby or go at lunchtime when it's not so busy.
This is the probably one of the best places for food in the country!!!! The food is EXCELLENT, really. The must haves are the Somosa Soup and Burmese Fried Rice.
I really enjoy the food, but I definitely don't think its worth the wait! Every single night theres a crowd outside waiting for tables. I mean, its good, but not THAT good. Going at lunch is the best because theres barely ever a wait and you can still have the delicious rainbow salad and crispy chicken!
I must begin with a disclaimer: I traveled to Burma (Myanmar) a couple years ago, and I didn't really enjoy the food in Myanmar, so my dislike could have more to do with my dislike of Burmese food than any failure on the part of Burma super***. That being said, I found the flavors and textures of our meal to be generally narsty. The "rainbow " salad was actually mostly white because it featured several types of slimy, white noodles. It was also really cold, even for a composed salad, like it had been sitting in the fridge all day. It mostly tasted like the fried shallots that were one of the 22 ingredients.The samusa soup was better. I liked it, but again the flavors were kind of muddy.The chili lamb was pretty good, and blazing hot. If you go, I suggest this dish.The beef kebat was just gross. It didn't taste like much, but it was greasy and also really slimy. I'm not sure if the sliminess was due to all the under-ripe tomatoes in the dish, or the breading on the meat absorbing all the oil. Whatever it was, I no like.On the plus side, the servers are really nice, and will call you when your table is ready, allowing you to go get a drink.I don't usually review places that have so many reviews already (why bother) but I have such a different opinion of this place, I'd thought I'd chime in.
If Thai food and Indian food got drunk and had a one night stand their bastard child would be named Burma Superstar. It's a pretty ballsy move to put "superstar" in the name of your restaurant as it tends to raise peoples' expectations. Can you see the irony in going to a place called Italian Superstar that served up some of the shittiest pasta around? I digress. Burma Superstar lives up to it's ambitious name. Start off with the tea leaf salad and samosas then from there you can pretty much have anything and it'll be pretty good.
Tasty food. GREAT service. Be prepared for a wait, but you leave your name & number on the list and they "page" you. Cramped quarters inside, but who cares. Belly up and shovel in all the tasty goodness!
ok another place i love! the wait is annoying, but my review is strictly based on the food. this was one of one of handful of places i always take guests that are visiting. Here are my favs: Tea leaf salad, pumkin curry, pea shoots, samosas, Moh Hinga (Catfish stew which i have heard is a traditional Burmese dish), bean thread noodle soup and beef burmese style curry. Also, try the coconut juice (ask them to cut open the top to get to the inside) and mango lassi. you won't be disappointed.
this is one of the best eats i've had in the city. my friend visiting from out of town took us there, as she lived here for a while and it was one of her ultimate faves. we were prepared to wait an hour and twenty minutes, so we found ourselves a table at the plough and stars up the street... only to be called back to the restaurant ten minutes later! we happily chugged our beers and trotted on back. the food was bleeping incredible!!! we shared a bunch of salads and appetizers first, the most noteworthy being the rainbow and tea leaf salads, as well as the samosa soup. mmm. i had the chilli lamb for my entree and it was so tender and zesty. spicy, yes, but if you can handle vindaloo, you can handle the chilli lamb -- and it is well worth it! fabulous food and a great atmosphere, fast and friendly service.. can't wait to go back!
WOW...500+ reviews. This place IS a superstar! I've never had Burmese food anywhere else...but after eating here I declare that I love Burmese food! This is a MUST GO place in San Francisco. Long wait though.
One word: "YUM!" I'm surprised this place is on clement. I came here at 5:30pm thinking it was early as means to avoid long lines, and found that even at 5:30pm, there was a line. Fortunately, the line was quick so its still better to come early.
SUCH AMAZING FOOD !!! We come here every time we go to SF (we live on the East Coast). I highly recommend the Rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, anything with samosas, Nan Gi Duk, Pea Shoots, and Coconut Rice. Beware that because the food is SO good, there is usually a wait...But it's well worth it. I love you Burma Superstar!
If you're ever in the San Francisco area, this is a must stop. Being that I'm part Burmese, I can vouch that this food is authentic. People wait for 2 - 3 hours, I kid you not. The place is very small. They would take your cell number and call you when your table is ready. You can pre-order once you have your name in so once you're seated, the food is ready. I highly recommend the Tea Leaf salad, Super Star noodles, and the Mo-Hinga (fish noodle soup).
Local spot that's blown up! Haven't not see a line during dinner hours.
Yummmmmmmmyyy!!! DO order the sangria, I ve had both the red wine one and the white wine one!! I enjoyed the white wine one much better. It's small, and gets very crowded during dinner hours, and the wait can be kinda long, so don't go there already starving only to get pissed off!!! The food is good, my favorite part is that its not greasy like chinese food is, but is kind of similar!!! Other thing is they have more than one kind of plain rice....Do go!!! Oh, parking sucks!!! if you can walk there than thats a plus!!!
Me and the boyfriend came to this location because we live in San Francisco. We've tried the one in Alameda and their food was REALLY good, so we came to this one. But I have to say, the food here is NOTHING compared to Alameda. The portions are really small here. NOT worth it. I'd rather pay the toll and cross the bridge for better and bigger portions of food. I have to give it an extra star because the mango coconut drink was good. that was about it.
I dont know why people rave about this place. My girlfriend and I went there, ordered three dishes, two of which were 'featured on FOOD Network', and we were very under-whelmed... I seriously could find better food at a number of local Thai or South-east Asian restaurants within walking distance. Service was okay so they deserve 2 stars.
So good... I couldn't believe rice could taste so good. Such a blend of unusual but wonderful flavors. Couldn't stop eating. The samusas are divine too. A must try.
All I can really say is YUM. I have been here three times and have tried a multitude of dishes and all have been out of this world. I highly recommend the Tea Leaf Salad--I have had dreams about it! I have also tried the famous Rainbow Salad, which is also amazing, but doesn't do it for me like Tea Leaf. Also, the food was surprisingly light while still being rich. Therefore, you get to enjoy all the yumminess of the food without that yucky bloaty feeling after.Also, the three times I have been here (twice for lunch, once for dinner) I have not had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table...
The distinguishing flavors of Burmese cooking are rooted in the kitchens of Thailand, India, and China, so if you're a fan of those cuisines, you'll find something here to please your palate. I like gin doke, a salad of ginger, yellow split peas, and dried shrimp that vaguely resembles coleslaw but doesn't taste anything like it. Samusa soup is a knockout, and the equally delicious eggplant curry and walnut prawns compare favorably with any found elsewhere in the city. Get a Thai ice tea to temper some of the hotter dishes. As previously noted, if you're not here early, you can expect a long wait any night of the week. Prices have risen a bit, but everything changes with the passing of time . . . Burma isn't even Burma anymore, but between menus and signage, it would probably cost them too much to update the name to Myanmar Super Star.
Me not happy! This is one of the worst experience I have eating out :(. I have no idea how the others can review it so good. My duck garlic noodle was overcooked. And where's the duck??? They just serve it in bits and pieces. And worse is the size. It was served on side dish plate. My bf had the okra curry and it's no better. He even said "I wouldn't mind paying for something that pricy if it's really good, but it's not good at all."
I won't state the obvious, since it's been done ad nauseum here. I will put in my pitches for suggestions though: the tea leaf salad is very unique and tasty. Its got all sorts of seeds, nuts and dried garlic in it. The lettuce cups are amazing, a must try. The sesame chicken, ordered on recommendation from the waiter, Kenneth, was a very typical, somewhat disappointing chinese-style concoction. (Kenneth himself was a great waiter; friendly, helpful, gracious, and drives all the way from his home in San Jose every day to work at the restaurant.) The burmese curry beef dish was excellent; the beef tender and flavorful. The ambiance of the dining room is quaint and full of character, but also tightly seated and constantly bustling with throngs. Needless to say, the wait is upwards of an hour, but they will take your cell number and call when its your turn.
oh my. what an orgasmic burmese experience. ***the wait is long (you can call ahead to be put on the list - do it). the menu is long. the food is delightful. definitely try one of the burmese salads (we had the tea leaf and it was spectac) and the burmese bread on the sides menu. whatever it was called. a feast, a feast here is in order.
Ok, so everyone knows about this place. I blame Yelp for the excruciatingly long wait to eat at this little restaurant. But all of the reviews are absolutely right. I crave the rainbow salad whenever I'm in the Richmond. It's a taste sensation! And really, the wait isn't too bad if you give them your cell phone number. You can snoop in Green Apple while you wait for them to call. Yum.
A nice little place with interesting Burmese food. We especially enjoyed the Rainbow Salad, Curry Eggplant and Nan Gyi Dok. The portions are not large, but enough to feel full. Service was decent, but not outstanding. While it was OK, I don't think it is worth the drive for a second visit. I might feel differently if I lived closer.
I hear their salads are great but I went straight for the entrees. I grew up on Burmese food so eating here brought back a bit of nostalgia. I stayed away from the 2 most common/popular dishes, Moh Hinga (Catfish Chowder) and On Noh Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup) since I already have high expectations from my Mom's cooking. ...GOD I miss good home cooking. I went ahead and ordered dishes I've never tried before: Chicken Dahl, Vegetable Curry Delux, SuperStar Noodles, Beef Kebat, Jia San Hinga (Bean Thread Noodle Soup)I would rank them in the following order from best to worstChicken Dahl, SuperStar Noodles, Beef Kebat, Jia San Hinga and Vegetable Curry Delux. I thought the food was decent, but nothing to rave about. A bit too greasy actually. Apparently others dont think so since the line was quite long (about a 1.5 hour wait). I called in early to put my name and number down so when I got there I only had to wait 5 mins for them to prepare my table. I recommend calling in early.
We waited in line for more than two hours and had appetizers at the near TROYA restaurant in the meanwhile. Then we finally got in and we had a pretty normal dinner. What can I say ? Over-rated. I didn't have tea leaf salad though, maybe the real trick is to have that specific dish. I'll give it a second tryout but if I have to wait more than one hour...bye bye. Mid-level restaurant for me.UPDATE: ok, second round, lost one star. In the last months I have been developing an interest for this famous tea leaf salad. Two friends are actually visiting me and so:"Let's go and give it a try!".Of course, waited 1 hour, pre ordered as usual, then finally at the table. In order: the chopstix stank of bleach and were wet, YAK! (at least they bleach them), the tea leaf salad was pretty good but nothing to go crazy for (overwhelming flavors, like eating a Snickers, the nuts are covering everything), the wok sauteed calamari simply disgusting (chewy, fishy, way too garlicky and still stinking of stale fish), rice was a block of rice (starch rules!!), DIY walnut shrimps (grill them, dip them in MAYONNAISE!! and sprinkle with sesame seeds), the odissey of samosas (squishy and oily, an ancient burmese trick), pumpkin pork stew (probably a leftover of last Halloween, never had a more fibrous piece of meat), the catfish curry (60% spicy oily sauce, 15% fishbones, 25% edible meat) and finally? Can you believe it, I never take care of it, but all the plates were chipped, no style at all, and look at their website; photos and reviews are missing (of course!!!). Damn marketing strategies.I have to say that I didn't want to say anything but the waitress came and asked if everything was allright. I couldn't keep all these concerns and I said: "well, to be honest, no" and I gently explained what was wrong. She was incredibly cute and kind with us, then another girl came and she asked what she could do for us. We said that we didn't want to be mean, just wanted to let them know that something was objectively wrong with what they offered us that night. At the very end they gave us a big discount, being really sorry. They were really kind, really. We almost felt bad for them. Final touch then: when we got into the restaurant we noticed two things. First: they have moquette everywhere (igienically questionable and in fact ,in more than one occasion, our waiter was dripping oil and sauces everywhere on the floor). Second: a filthy carpet on the entrance door. The same one that one of the guys, that were cleaning at closing time ,was shaking IN THE KITCHEN!! Alka seltzer, help me!!!
I stopped in on a friday afternoon, just as they opened (11:30am). No wait, but it was cold in there! I imagine it warms up when the bodies start piling in. Anyway, ordered a couple of entrees (a curry and a noodle dish) and a couple of appetizers off of the lunch menu (samusa and something else) which were pretty good. I felt that the entrees were not really as flavorful as I expected given the crazy reviews people give this place. I liked the ambiance and the staff were definitely attentive and efficient. Would definitely go again, but I like b-star bar a little better.
i remember the good old days when they gave you twice the food and charged half has much. sure it was just a hole in the wall with no fancy decoration or marketing but the i am not going to eat the pictures.
Super yummy-cheap-cozy-speedy-supastah eats!
Every time I walk past this place and there are people out front waiting, I wonder one thing... Why. Why, with sooo many great places to eat on Clement, are people waiting in line to eat here? It is, as the previous review so perfectly stated, overrated. Move along folks. Nothing to eat here.
I have never been to Burma but if I had I am sure the food would taste very similar. It was well worth the hour or so wait. You leave your cell phone number and then go chill at one of the bars or coffee shops in the area. As soon as you get that call the adventure begins. By far the best thing on the menu is the Rainbow Salad:This is a salad made with 22 different ingredients. Four types of noodles, green papaya, tofu, onions, dried shrimp, (or vegetarian) and a tamarind dressing. It has so many flavors that you truly can't even figure out what is making it taste that good. Garlic Chili Shrimp:Wok tossed shrimp in a garlicky infused oil, and topped with toasted garlic. Delicious but maybe a little to oily. You need to put a fork under the plate so that all the oil runs to another side. Make sure you get that garlic in on every bite.Vegetarian Samusa Soup:Made with samusas broken up with falafels, lentils, cabbage, and onions. God damn that is a tasty.Burmese Samusas: (with chicken or vegetarian 5 pieces) Burmese raviolis hand wrapped and filled with curry spices, potatoes, deep fried, and served with our house special red sauce. How could you go wrong. Although I wish they did at times have a different dipping sauce. Spicy and Crispy ChickenDeep fried chicken breast in a sweet, tangy, and spicy sauce with chili and garlic. Great white chicken breast meat.This place is definitely not the healthiest but a damn good way to cure a weekend long binderwith a whole diversity of ingredients.
We went here because it was featured on Check, Please!. I really enjoyed the tea leaf salad....that was about it. Everything else was just okay. We came during lunch, close to closing time, so there really wasn't much of a wait.
Overrated and overpriced. Numerous people have recommended the salad that has 20 ingredients in it (I think it's called the Rainbow salad?). It wasn't even good! Anyway, this place has pretty flavorful food but they give you so little of it that it's not really worth the price...or the wait. If you do end up going here and the wait gets too long for you, go to Pho Hua Clement for some great, cheap soup noodles.
SO GOOD. tea leaf salad and samosa soup are killer. go early so your stomach doesn't digest itself while you're waiting. jot your digits on the list and go down some brewskies across the street. by the time you're finished guzzling some choice beer (or tea), it'll be time to eat.
atmosphere: 4service: 4food: 4mmmm! :)sure the wait sucks, but you can always drop in/call in to put your name down so it's not horrible. the restaurant is always comfortably warm (can you say SF summer?) cause of all the bodiesi see how service can be slow, but i've always managed to get excellent service. staff is also very nice, so that's a plus.food- well i think there are enough reviews to tell you what to get. it's delicious. i need to try a lot more things on the menu. can get spicy, but i'm not complaining ..! once you're seated and eating, well, i'd say everything is just peachy keen!!
i'm usually excited about burmese but after such a long wait i was REALLY excited. disappointing curry, good tea leaf salad.eh. maybe on a weeknight next time
this place is worth the long, annoying wait. just make sure you go inside and put your name on the list as soon as you get there, then you can pretty much take an hour walk until your table is ready. if you are ready for culinary perfection, please have the rainbow salad (fresh! bright! fun!) and the tofu tower. the samusa soup was weird but good too. and i'm pretty sure we got some kind of fried appetizer once that was also delicious, but i probably inhaled it too fast to notice.
This use to be a cool eatery before the POSERS started coming in. The food now is portioned and the prices have jumped. The lines outside is ridiculous. They almost need a bouncer out front to regulate the crowds. Once you're in, it's elbow to elbow with the POSERS. Not cool! The food is ok. Definately not like it used to be.
It seems the general evolution of a good restaurant involves several stages. First good food for cheap prices. After a while when the places starts becoming crowded regularly prices jump . The final stage ends with the service and food dropping off as longer and longer lines form due to the early hype. Fortunately for us Burma Super Star has some how managed to keep the food extraordinary and the service exemplary. There is almost always a line out the door and for good reason. I can't recommend a single dish because it was all great. Lunch entrees run $7 and you can add a Thai Ice tea for $1. Go try, enjoy (even if every fifth song is The Girl for Ipanema)
mmmmmmmm... the salad we got was great... the soup was yummy... the entrees were good too... the only part that sucked was the wait time... but yes i'd go again and i'd suffer the wait - next time i just won't get there when i'm hungry! though i think nowadays u can call ahead and put ur name down... hmmm should've thought of that when i went!
This place is consistently wonderful. Everything I've ever tried on the menu is delicious, flavorful and well-prepared. First-timers need to have the rainbow salad, with 22 yummy items all mixed together and making my mouth and tummy happy. The only drawback is the long wait any evening after 6. They could move to a space 2 or 3 times it's current size and still be crowded. It's that good. And, happily, you can leave a cell number (local only) when you put your name down, so they can call you when your table is ready.
This place has amazing unique dishes you can't get anywhere else. But some dishes aren't that special, so you gotta know what to order. Must eats: Samusa Soup: I crave this weekly, I haven't found anything even close to it at any other burmese or other type of restaurant.Nan Pia Dok (chicken coconut curry flat noodle). simply deliciousSalads (rainbow or tea leaf are the ones I've tried) are also pretty tasty. I know people can't stand the wait, but I suggest takeout or going in a party of two ( a lot easier/faster to seat than large parties) and get there earlier or later to avoid crowds.
Give me a break, there sesame beef and sesame chicken is so good I want to go there every time we eat out or get take out! Whenever we have guests from out of town we just call in our order. It is SO good, and you can not get it elsewhere. It's such a treat, and affordable. There are foods I get this anxious to eat, and the staff is great!
(my thoughts while dining tonight:)mmmm the Samusa's are bangin'... but my feet are coldmmmm the Lamb Curry is bangin'... but my hands are coldmmm the Casserole is bangin'... but it's disconcertingly crowded in this room... and my whole body is still too cold to ignore.To be clear, the food is simply awesome but those pesky "other" things such as temperature, loudness, and crowdedness hamper the experience. Perhaps it's ideal on a nice day when it's relatively unoccupied? Oh, and our server was sincere and awesome, too.
I could eat the Tea Leaf salad everyday, this is not an exaggeration. If you don't want to wait, go during the week, the wait is really not that bad.
One of the best Burmese restaurant in the Bay Area. Order the Tea Leaf Salad or Ginger Salad. Like most Burmese restaurants, this place also has many Chinese dishes so if you don't know what Burmese food is, you just might be ordering Chinese. One complaint I have with this restaurant is the small portion for the price.
reasonably priced, great tasting and interesting food, good vegetarian options, thoughtful and attentive service...loved it!
I wish you could give half stars, because I would skimp a half on Burma and give them 4.5. So, I rounded down, this places serves some of the best food in the inner-Richmond. If you've never had Burmese food, you have to try it! This place gets crowded though and does not take reservations. it's rare that you would be able to just walk right in, which is why I would deduct a half a star. Also, the staff has an overall anxious attitude probably because there's usually just as many people waiting outside as there is dinning inside. If I'm going here on a date, I always have her meet me, that way she wont have to wait. I write my name and number on the sign in sheet and then cross the street to the cafe, where I read the chronicle over a pot of tea. There's usually a 45- 60 min wait and they'll call you when your table is ready. The food is amazing, I would describe Burmese as a cross of Thai and Indian. They do an excellent job here and you really feel like you're having a truly authentic experience. I love that the servers mix the plates at the table. However the noodle dishes are not my favorite.
Favorite Burmese restaurant. Favorite restaurant PERIOD!
One of my favorite meals in the city. The salads are not to be missed (to the negative review of the salads below: were you hoping for some iceberg lettuce or something?). Long waits can be offset by a bottle of wine at the cafe/bar across the street. Leave the 'star with your cell number and you're free to roam.
it was decent def. not my favorite. i ordered from the lunch specials and maybe thats why. it was bland and spicy.
The three dishes I will always order. Burmese beef curry, pea shoots, and coconut rice. The combination is perfect and the beef is very tender while the pea shoots are delicious and not bitter like the thinner pea shoots. It's best to go when it's not so crazy busy to really enjoy a meal there. I usually like to go around 2:30 for a late lunch on the weekends. It's not so noisy and you can take your time eating and not have to look at a huge line outside.
Even though the line for a table is like a line to a popular club, it's worth the wait. I could eat Rainbow Salad, or Tea Leaf Salad all day...especially with lychee sangria to wash it down.
wow, its only ok. don't tell my friend. she brought me here for lunch and said it was really special. i don't think so.I went on a tuesday for lunch. wow, there's hardly anyone here. so i didn't have to wait at all. wow, its fucking cold in here. its about 2 degrees warmer than outside, 55 degrees.  yes, i had a sweater and boots on and a jacket.maybe i ate the wrong food. it wasn't so special. we ate samusas, tea leaf salad and some chicken stir fry curry thing. samusas were very good, more please. the salad and chicken were ok. not so excited. i didn't think the prices were bad, either. i think i paid 15 dollars. i expect to pay 10-15 dollars for a lunch.  well, except when i eat at chef jia's but that's a different story. maybe i need to return on a warmer day and order different stuff. oh well.
Holy cow. This place is TAAAASTY! Flavorful spices that would keep you coming back for more. Only wish the lines weren't so long. If you want to dine here, shoot to eat at 11:30am or 5pm....otherwise takeout is your best bet.
well, plenty of reviews already, but here's mine anyway: go here, it's great! Went late on a dreary weeknight, but still packed to the gills, and we were among the last in. In order to speed up their ability to close, they took our orders while we were standing outside. Heard others order the Tea salad. Figured it must be good. Was! Really was! Very unusual mix of flavors that really went well together. Lamb curry was quite good, as were string beans.
Great food justifies price. Pretty small place, so it's a good idea to make a reservation.
First time eaters at the Burma Superstar. Checked it out on a suggestion. The ambiance was great. The service was friendly and food was super delicious... nice 'n mild. I was slightly disappointed that we got seated next to the kitchen entrance/restroom. Next time, we will be specific about the table location. On Friday evening, I suggest you call ahead for reservation. They start taking it after 6:30pm. We called at 6:45pm and got a table at 8:30pm (~1hr 45min delay). Best items: Vegetarian Samusa Soup and Vegetarian Burmese Traditional Rice Salad. Great food, check it out.
Worth the wait -- I personally enjoy the anxious energy while waiting for your name to be called on that magical list of tasty wonderment -- They've never had an off-night, and while it's a bit pricey, the flavor makes up for it.
This is my favorite place for Southeast Asian food in the city. The wait can be long, but the food justifies the hassle. As recommended by many others, the Tea Leaf Salad and Samusa Soup are great starters. Every entree I've tried has been excellent -- I really liked the Garlic Chili Shrimp. Get the Coconut Rice to go along with your entree. If you don't live close by, it's worth the drive.
I've never had Burmese food in my life, so I have nothing really to compare this place to. In my personal opinion though - I think it was pretty darn incredible. The pork pumpkin stew is soooo good.
Well now that the entire world knows about BS, I might as well just admit I love it. But I still hate you for crowding my neighborhood place! I don't think I've had a dish yet from there I didn't like.
Do Not Eat HERE!!!! So that I can eat here. This place is freakin packed all the freakin time! Whats up wit you ppl? So what if there food is really good at a reasonable price?
Dis place iz GOOOOOOD. No matter what you get - you must have some Samosas for appetizers (like a mix between Indian ones and ethiopian ones) and also try their dry pan-fried string beans (chinese-style but I think it's much better!).. you can order any item off the menu w/ confidence it will be tasty. The down side: The LINE! this place has gotten way too popular over the years. only 1 block to Mandalay for those who can't wait.
This place is amazing- the food and service are great. But get there early, there can be a long wait! The owners also own The Blue Danube across the street- so you can get a drink while you wait. The spareribs are delicious and so is the sangria!
I highly reccomend this restaurant ... i think its one of a few (maybe only 2) burmese restaurants in the city - so if you are looking for a variation between south east asian and south asian food - burmese is the way to go.
don't come here after 6 PM or you'll be waiting in the richmond fog FOREVER. thank goodness, i ordered to pick up my food and went in and out quickly. after reading all the yelp reviews, i decided to try to samusa which was excellent with the tangy sauce, the beef curry which was heavenly. the beef is nice and tender and the sauce is just perfect to go with white rice. the classic burmese chicken casserole with cardamon cinnamon rice was pretty basic and good, but not spectacular. the coconut chicken flour noodle was a bit disappointing since the portion was quite small and had few ingredients, however the coconut sauce is addictive! the vegetable curry delux was a bit bland and unflavorful. certain dishes are hit or miss, so it's wise to choose carefullyburma superstar serves huge portions, and unfortunately i didn't realize that and over-ordered for my party of five. the website didn't provide the prices, so i was a bit surprised at the big tab waiting for me at the register...overall, a good food experience.
really busy, because its really delicious. enough said I think
Too trendy...they serve good food, not 5 star...yet people wait for hours? White people are so stupid.
I love Burma SuperStar but I hate the wait!! I suggest going really early to avoid a long wait and slow service. Once you do make in you will feel like VIP as you watch everyone outside drooling and shivering in the fog as they wait for their table. Food at Burma is fresh and tasty. I always describe it to folks who have yet to dine there as Indian food meets Thai food. It's the freshest, tastiest and least greasy food in the neighborhood. Try the vegetarian samosa soup; it is one of a kind and truly worth waiting in the fog for.
This place is so good that i joined Yelp to get everyone else to go there. Try the rainbow salad. And call ahead to put your name on the (long) list - they'll call you on your cell when your table is almost ready!
Tasty, inexpensive, and different. I recommend going with the burmese dishes. I had the samusas, the catfish soup, beef curry, and tea salad. The samusas were delicious and I would order them again. They were pretty big- not the dinky sizes I normally see a samusa or indian samosa. Also, take note that the catfish soup doesn't have big chunks of catfish. I believe it is dried catfish pieces, but I definitely didn't identify chunks of fresh catfish. The soup was ok, 3 star. Also, the beef curry was good and the tea salad was interesting and good. I'd recommend it definitely for anyone who wants to try something different! Con: Parking!
Different, not in a good way.But in great way!Our party of 10 went through the set 6 course dinner, and it seemed like every dish was even better than the last. The seating was a little crammed, and it was hard to hear because the tables were so close together.But you don't come here to talk, you come here for great food, anyways.
the reviews make this place sound phemonenal..it was far from it...horribly slow service...and..i don't get it....if the tea leaf salad here was the best in the world (highly recommended by the waitress), i'm afraid of ever ordering another tea leaf salad in my lifetime....i wish i could remember which dishes were "okay" and which were horrible...but after sampling about 5 dishes..i thought this was a hit or miss type of restaurant....
Burmese cuisine by the boatload that is pretty inexpensive and so tasty it makes your toes curl. A little out of the way in the Richmond district, but oh so good. We went as a group and sat at a huge round table in the back, and was a great dining experience.
This place is okay. I do not understand the hype and review that it has received on yelp. And oh yeah the rainbow salad is not all that great, its pretty ordinary. The curry noodles also were good but not great, catfish curry a bit salty. All in all the food does not have complex flavors. It taste okay so definitely not worth the price or the wait.
I almost peed in my pants after eating their fabulous pea shoots. All the dishes burst with flavor, but not too overwhelming that you lose complete control of your innards. Their service is executed in a very practical and efficient way. Skip the Burmese Chicken Casserole, and pick a curry instead. But really, 60+ people can't be all wrong. This place is excellent.
My family is from Burma and we go there aaaall the time and have been for years. Unfortunately I've seen the portions go down and the prices go up but the food is still great. My favorites are the Rainbow Salad, Yellow Bean Curry, and Nan Gyi Doke...all the Burmese dishes are great, try to stay away from the Chinese ones.
What is the deal with this restaurant!?!? The wait is SO long and for what!? The food was okay, but not worth it for the hours of waiting. I went with 7 other people, so I tried a bunch of dishes. Dishes that "maybe" worth the wait, the Samusa vegetarian soup. Really tasty and flavorful with samusa, falafel, cabbage, and lentils. The braised pork stew with pumpkin was delicious and so were the spicy string beans. The rainbow salad was disappointing. The garlic shrimp was WAY too salty and garlicy. The beef kebat was okay. Avoid the chilled yellow bean tofu (very unique taste)The lemongrass salmon was okay. Must get coconut rice... everything is really flavorful to the point that you need rice to smooth out the taste. Overall, I was expecting a lot more for the hours of waiting.
Burma has incredibly unique food for the vegetarians and meat eaters alike. From the incredible sumosa soup to the rainbow salad (which has 21 ingredients), Burma Superstars food draws you back for seconds and thirds. The service is great and quick. One drawback is the wait but you can always pop across the street for a beer at the Blue Danube Cafe.  I just ate leftovers from last night and the food is just as good the second day around!
I had heard so much about this place...wasn't as great as I expected. The food was good and maybe its food you can't find anywhere else around there, but I thought it was overpriced for the amount of food you get. We had the lamb curry, curry noodles, rainbow salad and eggplant curry (4 people). Rainbow salad was really good, curries were pretty good, but the curry noodles were bland. Maybe I had too high of expectations?
The best restaurant on Clement? I guess a lot of other people are fans.
As Yogi once said, "No one goes there nowadays, it's too crowded." I don't know what I can add to the already 930+ reviews, but I will say I am a believer. you see, I was raised by nice white people with very bland palettes. Growing up I decided that I would not fear any food(except most Indian, don't ask) and would dedicate my culinary adventures to trying new and exciting things to eat. My first trip to Burma was...uhm...noteable. I brought the wrong gift card and had to leave my ID with the staff while I walked home to muster up new plastic. Not a regular thing for me by any stretch but I must say the wait staff was wonderful and very courteous. What about the food? So far I've ordered 5 things, 2 of which I was somewhat confident that I knew the basic ingredients and 3 that I had no idea what was on the plate. That's how I like it. Everything has been amazing so far in my 3 trips. 930+ yelpers can't be wrong.
Totally worth the wait. Don't try going with more than 3 other people -- and don't go if you are on a tight schedule -- it will kill your super star buzz.
finally gave it a try after reading tons of reviews. I went at 1:15 on a Wednesday afternoon and was seated right away. Ordered the fiery beef lunch special and it was only average. The basil and anise flavor was too strong and they're not too generous with the beef also. It took the server about ten minutes to get us our bill. Overall experience was ok and the food wasn't as good as most people said it should be.
You can't go wrong with the Burmese dishes, especially the tea leaf salad and pork belly, but the Chinese vegetable dishes are also pretty decent -- our waitress said they have some Chinese chefs. Make sure to get the coconut fritters with coconut ice cream. Oh my LORD -- get the coconut fritters.
The only thing I recall is the great 50 ingredient (or something like that) salad and nice cinnamon tasting somosas. No way on earth is this place ALL THAT, but definitely worth a try at least once. Yeah, its a long wait, but just Yelp it up and wait. I know I'm in the minority on this one, so try for yourself.
I could give this less than 4 stars because of the wait involved, but how are they supposed to control their popularity? It's not their fault that so many people love this place!It's worth the wait.It's the customer's responsibility to plan accordingly.good thing is, you put your name in and they call you when they're ready so you can take a wander around the neighborhood OR go to Toy Boat down the street for some pre-dinner ice cream. There's a fab coffee shop across the street too that you can check out in the time being.onto the eats....I think it was a ginger beer that I had last time...oh my god! this was one of several specialty drinks that I've had there and loved them all! And they go nicely with the food, which I don't always find the case with mixing drinks with dinner.must try: tea leaf salad and tofu tower, oh and the platha too!the staff is super sweet despite being so busy.I just love how they tell you what is in the tea leaf salad and prep it at the table for you...it's beautiful.word to the wise: if you want to relax with your meal, go early. If you're there on the later end, say, after 9pm, you'll likely end up on the last service in which they have you order from the menu while you're waiting outside and then all your food comes (pretty much) at once when you sit down.and as always...go with good company! :)
Don't be fooled by the name. Burma Superstar every bit lives up to it's reputation. I love this place. Period. And the secret phone number really works. I went here a couple of weeks ago with a friend, and we called on our way over to put our name on the list. They gave us a 20-30 minute wait, so we cruised up to Green Apple Books (best bookstore ever btw) a few blocks up the street and happily browsed the used book stands while we waited. Now, on to the food....I've been here several times, and not once eaten something I didn't like, or even something that was just ok. Everything here is awesome. We started with the vegetarian samusa soup (who knew vegetarian soup could be this good?!?), then we tried the rainbow salad, which I highly recommend. It is out of this world. Lastly, we ordered the pumpkin shrimp, which was my least favorite of the three dishes we tried that night, but still good nonetheless. I can't wait to go back...I seriously want to try EVERYTHING on the menu.  It's well worth the wait, and the trip all the way out to the Richmond.
so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Longest wait I have ever endured to get into a restaurant. Also have not seen so much anticipation since I was at Il Latini in Florence. The food was distinctive and well-prepared. Not too sweet, salty or greasy. Portions were smallish. I would eat there again. Food ****Ambience ***Value ***
Very unique - and worth the wait. Don't miss the sambusa soup & the tea leaf salad... they're even good for take out. Yes, you'll wait an hour... but you can leave your cell phone number & grab a drink in the neighborhood.
Burma is the some of the best cheap food in the city. Unfortunately everyone knows this and the line for dinner on a Tuesday night is at least an hour wait. Just tried lunch for the first time and it was great, they have a more limited menu, but the prices are even cheaper. Dont leave without tasting the Rainbow Salad. Its the best.
Burma Super Star is worth going through the crappy parking situation and the wait to get a table. Burmese food is a blend of many Asian cuisines. Dishes that stand out are the Rainbow Salad, salt & pepper chicken , and Szechwan Salmon. Most dishes are decent and they have 4 varieties of rice. Coconut is my fav! One thing to stay away from is the rip off sangria. They charge a grip for it and it is in a thin pitcher with ice. Go early and leave happy.
what can i say that hasn't really been said in the 60+ reviews already written about this fabulous restaurant? until going to this place for the first time a couple months ago, i had never had burmese food. and hells bells, i have surely been missing out! the food here is amazing. the pea shoots, which are such a simple food, just ooze with flavor. i recently ate there family style which is probably the best way to experience this place. you get to taste a lot of different dishes that way. burma superstar gets crowded quickly and you can easily wait 2 hours on a peak night/time. BUT they have perfected the way to handle to crowds of people. their waitlist allows you to put your cell phone number down so that if you want to leave and go somewhere in the vicinity (there are some good boba, bars, etc in the area) you can. they will call you. it's a great system and a great restaurant. a definitely recommend for the san fran area.
This is one restaurant I would miss if I ever had to leave San Francisco. The flavors are very unique and surprising! Definitely a must try and bound to be a favorite. However, get there early...there's always a wait.
Great cheap eats place. Get there early because it does get backed up with people waiting on any day of the week. Interior felt like you could perhaps be in Burma and the food was very good. Had the garlic shrimp with brown jasmine rice, I would order it again and I highly recommend it if you like shrimp.
Love the tea leaf salad and samosa soup....huge lines though on all, if not most evenings! Extremely popular in the Richmond district...
Wow. Wow. WOW. Food is pretty amazing... so are the prices and the wait to get a seat in the small space. Arrive early and hungry... you'll want your appetite to try all the must have's on their menu: samosa, tea salad, chicken ravioli (think it's ravioli?? just ask for the one one the bone), all the curries... they even have fun cocktails.
Hands down this is the best food I have had in awhile! So yummy the crazy long wait in the cold was worth it. Samosas are to die for!!!! I think I ate about 10. Coconut fritters are pretty damn good too.
If you are looking for Burmese food. This isn't it I think. The dishes all came across as Indian fusion or Chinese fusion. That said, they were incredibly good. Portions are small, so expect to order more then the 1 dish per person you normally would in an Asian place. So the cost adds up because of the extra dishes you order. They also try to move people in and out quickly to cater for the huge crowds. But all in all, good eats.
it was bit rich but sooo worth it. i love this place!it's soo crowded but worth the wait at least if it's within 1/2 hour hehehe.
Great food, ambience, and service. Popular so usually a wait but, you can go across the street and they will call you when a table is ready. Try the tea salad and burmese curry w/ beef
Wow! Great unpretentious restaurant and food, good location. The tea leaf salad is not to be missed!
My boyfriend took me here today for an early dinner, and man was it delicious. We got there at 5:30, apparently right before the line started. On a Tuesday, nonetheless. I ordered the garlic chili prawns, and the waitress recommended the coconut rice to go with. I told her I didn't like coconut, and she went out of her way to convince me that I would LOVE it!! She was so sweet I trusted her and went with it. Boy am I glad I listened; it was delicious. I ate every bite even though I think I could have stopped 2/3 the way through. Service was quick and friendly, even though they were super busy. They filled my water before it was half gone, which I always appreciate. I was impressed at the tea menu, although I decided to go with a thai iced tea (my favorite)- next time I'll be more adventurous and try something new. The only downside is that there's only one restroom total, so even at 6:15 PM there was a line. I can't even begin to imagine the line on a Friday night when they were actually busy. Anyway, it was a delightful surprise to find in the Richmond. Yum.
recommended by friends everywhere so had to check it out. got there at 6 pm on a sunday and had to wait 50 min. (which apparently isn't that long for this place). well worth the wait -- try the tealeaf salad and beef with pickled mangos.
OMG!!! this place is amazing! i've lived within walking distance for years and had never gone. when i finally did, i went 3 times in one week. the TEA LEAF salad is to die for. and their spicy chicken w/ basil is wonderful- not greasy or too hot. order up a pitcher of their sangria to wash down all their tasty treats. the service here is WONDERFUL, after our second time there, they brought us a free desert because they recognized us. it is totally worth the wait, which can be up to an hour, but just put your name on the list and walk to one of the many bars on clement, they'll call your cell phone when your name is next.
I feel so repetitive writing about the Tea Leaf Salad being so delicious, and the Samosa Soup, and the Squash and Tofu, and pretty much the rest of the menu. So i'll maybe try to focus on something else. Burma deserves 5 stars... it's not super fine dining or anything, and the service isn't hand and foot, but the food is 5 star delicious. 6 star delicious maybe. The problem I have with it is the WAIT! They opened a sister restaurant like 2 blocks down the street and I am still waiting 2+ hours on a Wednesday to eat at Burma. Now you may say... well if it's so good, isn't it worth the wait? Well, yeah, but I think if they're going to do business that way they should at least be honest with the time they tell you. Every time i've gone it's been 30 minutes to an hour longer than they tell me. Calling me telling me my table's ready and then making me wait another hour isn't cool. So if they could just get it right the first time... they'd have 5 stars!!
Simply great food but a little on the expensive side. Went on wednesday and it was crowded for dinner. Reserve early!!!
went there last night at 9. put our names down. were seated an hour and ten minutes later. she said this was a short wait. it's usually two hours. now we know to call in advance w/our phone number so we don't freeze outside. by ten pm, we had to pre-order. when we sat, our food instantly arrived at the table. ordered the wok tossed calamari salad, crispy chicken and walnut shrimp dishes. everything was fresh and delicious. the mango coconut drink was great and i noticed the coconut juice was a real coconut brought to the table with a straw. staff was friendly. menu has a lot of options so will go back and try other dishes.
very good food. tea leaf salad is the best. long wait.
I drove to the city just to eat hear and due to the overwhelming positive reviews . Very unimpressed with the portions being too small. The tea leaf salad was good but again very small. Nothing to be excited about.
Food is good, when its hot outside its hoter inside, the sangri pitcher was kind of small. but the great part was i called from home to put my name on the list and she called when the table was ready. Food is superd for burmese cuisine.
This place has become too popular for its own good, driving down the quality of the food. After all, when the non-discriminating Marina crowd is willing to wait an hour who cares? The majority of the menu items are alright, but not worth waiting for.  I did like the tea leaf salad though.
good- superstar noodles are the best dish on the menu- fave apps: samusas, rainbow salad- fave entrees: chef's special ribs, pumpkin pork stew- veggies that even I'll eat: pea shoots, dry fried string beansbad- way too crowded for what it is, and a little too expensive... it's very good, but you'll try it a couple times and probably be on to the next
So, I want to give this place a 4 just because the wait was so ridiculously long (no, really, it is the longest I've ever waited to be seated), but it's not their fault everyone wants to eat here! The hostess was sweet and offered to ask their other restaurant if they had room, but we declined. I've been here multiple times and the food is always absolutely amazing! My mom is from Burma and makes really good Burmese food and this rivals her food (shhh, don't tell Mom). I haven't tasted anything I didn't like here: ono Khao swe (probably spelled that all kinds of wrong), samosas, lamb curry, beef curry, monhinga... the list goes on. The dessert paratha is really good too... don't miss it! And they make thai tea with soy! I was sure it was going to be gross because it's normally made with half & half, but it was so good! I can't stop raving about this place. I can't wait to take my friends here!
OK, not much new to report on this place. But my experience was that the wait was crazy long and the food was pretty good. The spices were combined well to present flavors you don't encounter all that often. The ingredients seemed fresh and well prepared too. But having had the food, I can't say my Saturday night wait was worth it. I'd go to this place all the time on weekdays, but not on a weekend. They didn't seem to have the list of names sorted out very well at all either. So 3stars for my Saturday night experience eating here.
Ordered this for take-out last night. I was able to avoid the crowd that pours out the door by calling in and picking up my order in 25 minutes. It would've been fun to sit down and eat, but being able to get great food in a matter of a half hour was a plus for me. The rainbow salad was delicious, so was the crispy chicken dish. I definitely recommend it and would go back.
Great Burmese food
The food was good (I don't remember what we ordered) and service was great. The real downside was the wait, and how they can't seat a party of 8 even if ONE person is missing, but I guess it's understandable considering how many people eat there. Which brings up another point: I don't think I understand what the real hype is about.. yet. 1000+ reviews on yelp.. maybe I need to come here again.
Okay, so this may be the only Burmese restaurant that I have been to. But what can I say? It's the best Burmese restaurant I've been to. Service is great. Food is even better. Too busy in S.F.? Go to the one in Alameda or try their other restaurant -B Star Bar- down the street. My family can easily blow over a hundred bucks here on dinner. There is just too many dishes to try. Love the ginger salad, mango chicken and the pork/japanese pumpkin dish. And the sumosa soup, Yum-O! (watch too much Rachael Ray). And their desserts are just divine! Just go early to avoid the wait!
Wonderful food, although I cannot speak to its Burmese authenticity. My recommendatons: pickled tea leaf salad, samusas, beef kebat, pork and pumpkin stew, and any of the Burmese curries.
Excellent food! This is the only Burmese food I've ever really had, but it was awesome!! I think it was called Chicken Nan Dok or something that I really liked. I don't like the really cold noodles as much. Dessert is great too. Wait is long (an hour during peak time), but go at like 2pm on a Sat or Sun and you're good to go!
after years of avoiding this place because of the long wait, i decided to try it last nite. worth every minute of waiting! (we got there at 7pm and were in by 7:30) the food is DELICIOUS. My favorites were the samosas, the tea leaf salad (omg, so good), and the catfish curry with coconut rice. we also ordered the garlic chili shrimp, but i thought it tasted too much like the catfish...I can't wait to go back and try more.
I always thought 'whats the big deal about this place'...then we tried it. Tea leaf salad baby. I'm happy to report that they serve brown rice. The sesame beef is sticky-gooey- and yummy! Everything we tried here was good...the service was too hurried for me which is why I gave 3 stars.
Maybe I was expecting more because of the great yelp ratings. The food was good though, and service was very prompt. But then I think they were just trying to get us out as soon as possible to appease the hordes waiting for tables.  Try the "asian" sangria (white or red) made with lychees, asian pears, and oranges. The tea leaf salad was an interesting, tasty blend of untraditionally paired ingrediants.  The pork and pumpkin stew was odd, and I can't say I'd order it again. All the other dishes (lamb curry, pea sprouts) were all very good but nothing exceptionally different. Despite the long wait, I will probably go back to try other dishes.
We had to wait over an hour for a seat but it was definitely worth the wait. I was highly impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the goodness of the food. I'm not vegetarian, but the vegetarian soup was absolutely delicious...a must try!
get take out, try the garlic eggplant.
good food and service! i love the coconut rice...the samosas...the tea leaf salad....now, if they just do something about that tricky ledge at the entrance (read: lawsuit waiting to happen), it will be all good!
You can't beat the price here. The tea-leaf salad was delicious as was the beef kebat. I wasn't terribly impressed with the garlic-noodles even though they have been raved about on yelp. We were able to call in to be included on the waiting list which reduced our wait time considerably. Parking around the restaurant is very difficult.
My favorite restaurant in SF! Tea leaf salad, samosas, and superstar shrimp are definitely worth the wait.
Wow, an absolute smrgsbord of flavors!  My wife and I didn't plan on going out to eat this evening (4th of July). We had banked on watching the fireworks show from the hill in the Golden Gate heights district. When we got there, it was wickedly windy, foggy and wet, with about 3 feet of visibility. Oh well- we looked for a place to grab a bite instead, and settled on Burma Superstar. I'd been meaning to check out this spot for quite some time, and with the recent Check Please! Bay Area plug, I had a reminder. Since we were semi in-the-area, we called up, got on the waiting list (highly recommended, wait can be long) and headed over. We opted for the tea leaf salad, since everyone and their grandma recommends it. You'll quickly find out why- it's a very flavorful and textural treat.  For drinks we went for the ginger beer, which was pretty nice, though I'd go for something else next visit. For our entree's, we ordered the Chili Lamb, and the Pork and Potato curry. Both were awesome! The chili lamb was both spicy and tangy, in a very cleverly concocted combination. The curry was well done, not overly salty while nailing the spicy flavor and tenderness expected from a good curry. Both entree's went well with the coconut rice, which was also spectacular. My wife liked the coconut rice so much, she would have eaten it as an entree in it's own right.  Highly recommend going with the coconut rice if you're ordering curry or any spicy dishes, as it is a perfect complement. The only complaint I had was with the dessert. We ordered the Fruit Platha, which was fresh fruit over deep fried bread dumplings. It was o.k., but turned out to be a rather anti-climactic ending to an otherwise fabulous dinner. This spot is actually a 4.5 star for me- my next visit may affect the score enough to push it up. Either way, I look forward to going back.
to the beautiful waitress that dropped the chopstick on me - you must have felt the chemistry the moment we made eye contact as you took my order, i know i did. i was the guy in the gray thermal that had protruding frozen nipples that would've shattered at any touch(it was a really cold night). your body was so fluid in twisting and turning to slip through to take my plate. your delicate hand slid over my plate and grasped on with just enough pressure to pull it closer. the balancing act you had with my chopsticks on the plate would make the circus jealous. it seemed as if you were going to have a perfect exit with the plate over my shoulder but you didn't. was it on purpose? maybe it was a nervous twitch. maybe you meant to do it. maybe it was meant to happen. but in any case my chopstick slid off my plate, onto me, then onto the ground. i really enjoyed our little dance of hesitation on who was going to pick it up. you know the one - when i moved forward you would move back, then i moved back and you would move forward. i figured the gentlemen thing to do was to pick it up. do you remember when our hands nearly collided? i do. in that time our possible future flashed before my eyes. i'd call you sweetheart. you'd call me pookie. everyday you would suprise me with rainbow salad. on special days you'd bring home rainbow noodles. oh god, and on really special days you'd bring me both. we would role play with you as the waitress bringing me a bunch of food from burma superstar and i'd be the patron eating all of it. back to reality, i gave you back the chopstick to take in for cleaning. we made such a great team. you know where to find me.wait. this isn't craigslist's missed connections.
Wow.. I haven't written a review for this place? Well, this is one of my favorite restaurants. First, order the coconut juice. It comes in an actual coconut with a straw in it! YUM, refreshing! The flat noodles with coconut sauce are really good too.. Spicy but yummy. The potatoes and beef are a little bit heavy, not my favorite. Instead, try the chicken casserole in a pot with rice.. Wow. the flavors are intense - sweet and spicy.. mmm.. Finally, for dessert, get the coconut custard. YES, I am a coconut nut. Hopefully you'll have room!! Sometimes the wait is about an hour around 7:00 so entertain yourself at Super Tokio and Genki while waiting!!!
I have heard so much hype about this place, but my experience was just average. The restaurant is very very hot inside. I was burning up the entire night. The service is incredibly slow and took almost ten minutes to get water. I ordered the vegetarian curry and coconut noodles. I am a big fan of the noodles; the curry lacked a little taste.
Rainbow salad and curries are delicious...great staff
good food, comforting, spicy, and quick service. the line can be long but worth the wait. in fact ... the line makes the food taste even better. tea salad and lamb spicy are my favorite. the noodles can be a hit or miss so be careful. i recommend sticking with entrees and an order of coconut rice.
Don't have much experience with Burmese food, but this place is spectacular! The Tea Leaf Salad is out of this world! Another fave is the Chicken Curry Noodle Dish which is their specialty Burma Superstar Noodle Dish - Delicious! Tip: There usually is a wait but we suggest that once you put your name on the list (with cell#), you can just go down the street to one of the Irish Bars and have a beer while you wait. Wait or not, it is absolutley worth it!
drool, my mouth is watering writing this review...rainbow salad, ugghhh....if you haven't been here, you've missed out on a life-changing experience, the food is fresh, seasoned to perfection, great menu, i need to go back and just start ordering one item at a time down the menu, the line's SUCK though
Incredible... Try the Famous Tea Leaf Salad. Or anything else for that matter. The only not so great item I've had was the Pute... very plain indian type dish. The walnut shrimp and sesame beef are to die for. Very tight quarters, be prepared to bump elbows with the table next to you. Great way to discover now restaurants, if you are friendly. We've met some great folks this way.
If there wasn't an hour+ wait (even on weeknights) every time you go there, or such a scene (yeah, that's not a hipster bar over there, it's a RESTAURANT for crying out loud), the food/service would get 5 stars for sure.
So this place is soooooooo hyped up, but this is one of those rare occasions where all the hype is true! The tea lea leaf salad is to die for, the sangria is delicious and the pumpkin shrimp was so good it made me want to die. Literally, so good it made me want to die. The end .
Really great food. Try the Rainbow salad- and also after a near death experience ( a friend nearly let me anaphalax there because I am allergic to seafood) you can ask for it to be made vegetarian.... Itried it over again minus the shrimp.... its divine... Also I would suggest, the Basil chicken, salt and pepper chicken, green pea shoots and always the coconut rice... mmmmmmmmm yummmy!!!!!!! I lived down the block from this place for 5 yrs and then moved to LA LA land.... It was a divine stop at the end of the day for really really tasty comfort food!
I have been to this restaurant so many times. i love the ambiance and atmosphere. the decor is just as if you were in burma. although small it has pretty good service. i just suggest that if you want to eat there go just before they close for lunch and right when they open for dinner in order for you to get a seat. if not you might be waiting there for maybe 30 minutes to an hour for a table. try their coconut rice and the curry chicken (can't remember the name) b/c they are really good together. the curry isn't at all too spicy especially for those who don't like a lot of spice. there is a dish, i believe is the oxtail with green beans that is laid upon mushrooms, which i tried for the first time today. it was great it has a small sweetness to it, but the meat was really tender that you didn't really have to like take a knife to cut it. if you are the type of person that just feels like having a salad for your meal try the tea leaf salad. it is great. the flavor i think comes a lot from the tea leaf that is crushed and mixed into the salad. i think it is the dressing for it. it is very light and it does get you full. i did try the rainbow salad for the first time today too. it was good i like the different types of noodles, but i don't know where the title came from. but i liked it. the dressing didn't over power the actual salad. all in all i suggest that if you are looking for a different type of food from around the world try this place it is jsut the right mix of the many asian cuisines.
Maybe I had super high expectations... but I don't get what the fuss is all about? Tried the tea salad, it was interesting with its various textures of ingredients but nothing that I would ever order again... it was too crunchy with all of the nuts/seeds. Samosas were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The spicy chicken was delicious. Cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and tender inside with a great sweet midly spicy sauce. But please stay away from the pork with potatoes. The pork was dry and rough and the sauce was bland. What a waste.
When I see / read things like "The best restaurant in San Francisco" and "The best food I've ever had" I expect a certain level of quality that this place just doesn't provide. The ingredients are fresh, the entrees unique (at least the burmese ones are) and the food is certainly prepared well, but it just didn't live up to the expectations I had for it. Perhaps it's the fact that south east asian food isn't so novel for me (being a south asian and all) - whatever the case, I'd caution those who go to realize what they're getting into. I'd recommend going in the afternoon (in the hour before or after one of their "breaks") when the rush isn't much ... because I'm not totally sure it would be worth the wait.
I think this place is toooooooooo overrated, after having 1000+ reviews wouldn't you think this place's food would be having an orgasim in your mouth? Yeah.. no not really... I came here to try the Rainbow salad with the 22+ ingridients... uhhh not that great, but I do have to say, their curry is good, maybe a little bit oily for my part, but it was good and tasty. I love how they serve it with coconut rice as well which makes the dining experience even better becuase rice being sweet is great! The service for lunch is really good, but when it comes to dinner time it gets amazingly slow, but i can understand since there are like 20+ waiting outside for their seats... I also like how the thai iced tea has 1 free refill to begin with.. which makes it even better. Overall this place is still overrated for me, but i'm glad its affordable, knowing this place having so much fame... yay superstar!
I'd been very excited to check this place out as I've not seen many Burmese restaurants, and was happy to say I was not disappointed. The line outside speaks for itself. The Tea Leaf salad is to die for. The prices are also very reasonable.
Despite what this page says about Burma Superstar not taking reservations, they did take one for my group of 12. None of us had ever been there before and we were super excited due to all the rave reviews on yelp. First off, it was a Tuesday night, and while they were jam-packed, our waitress made a couple of really snide and bitchy remarks directly to us about how the restaurant usually doesn't take such large groups because it's hard for the servers to walk around the table. I was like, then wtf is this gigantic table doing right in front of the kitchen door? We certainly didn't put it there, hello? Her attitude and sour face put a damper our experience there, not to mention that I found the food pretty decent but not great and overpriced. Plus, they were out of two out of three desserts, and the only one left was their generic fried banana with coconut ice cream. Overall, this restaurant was not what it was cracked up to be.
Middle of nowhere, reeeeally long wait (even on a Tuesday night), and zero ambiance. Yet, I will happily return again and again because the food is just too damn good to resist. No matter how frazzled the waitstaff gets, they're very sweet. If you call ahead, they'll put you on the list. Or, if you sign up in person, you have the option of chilling out in the cozy cafe across the street, or moseying up the block to The Dog's Bollix for a pre-dinner beer.
Wasnt sure what to expect. But something alongs of Thai and chinese. We started wiht the rainbow salad. which was very light and full of different textures. The main dishes werent overly salty or flooded with Sauce. Ok portions. Its good to share with just one more person. If you come in a group..your gonna have to fight for your share.Its a hole in the wall rest so theres always a waiting list to get in. You just have to be patient. so Go across the street to Genki and get a drink to hold u down. The staff is very nice but not too attentive.
This place rocks; the best food for the least amount of money; all the salads are super tasty, the mango chicken melts in your mouth, and the coconut rice is a guilty pleasure. I took my family of 10 there once when they came into town, and the meal cost less than $300! It's a deal. They don't take reservations unless you have a big party (there is ONE big table in the back), it's a pretty long wait (30 minutes-1 hour) if you don't get to the restaurant before 6 PM, and it's Clement - the street with bad drivers and no parking after 6 PM. You should walk there from home (if you live close enough), or park a few blocks away. This restaurant requires planning - so you should be there before 6 if you want to sit down quickly.
This is a place that everyone on yelp needs to try. The food is great. It is like a combination of Chinese, Thai, and Indian food all rolled into one delicious restaurant. It is always crowded so be prepared to leave a cell number (local only, of course!), and come back in 20 minutes or so. Everything that i have had was exceptional. I highly recommend the coconut dessert (can't remember the exact name, but it was like deep fried coconut cream puffs!)
The food was excellent. We liked everything we ate... Tea Leaf Salad, noodle dish (I forgot the name, but one with mild coconut curry and egg in it!) and beef curry. We also got Basmati rice. Great food.I did not think of the portions small. It was a good size.However, it was very crowded and we did wait for a long time.The wait is long even when it is not supposed to be lunch / dinner!It is definitely a good reasonable Asian restaurant.
This place definitely lives up to the hype. A friend lives in the neighborhood so we decided to order some food to go. I blindly picked some grub because I couldn't choose from all the delicious choices. Forty-five later, we walked over to pick it up. Wow, was that place packed! I mean, there were maybe 6 inches between tables and it was loud. But you could tell everyone was experiencing a food-high and didn't mind the forced intimacy, which made it seem cozy in a chaotic way. The grub was great, as expected, but I'm glad I skipped the sit-down experience. Sometimes you just need good food to go, ya know? : )
I've been here many times and am finally going to review it! The food here doesn't disappoint, but it doesn't knock you off your feet. I love the tea love salad and the Samusa soup. The service is really wonderful. Parking is tough in the area, so take a cab or leave some time to park.
Don't bother going - I'd hate it if the wait got longer than it already is. ;)
Excellent - I had the Samusa Soup, Sesame Chicken and Coconut Rice. It's a little confusing to me, they have a great website, tons of people waiting for dinner (even on a monday night), and they don't expand or take reservations. Regardless, go on an off time or get the food to go. MMMmm yummy
My ex-gf took me here years ago. It is WAY out of the way. It is also WAY worth the trek. I haven't been in too long. We had a bunch of stuff here a while back. This is what SF i9s really about. Ethnic food done well, presented nicely with not too much pain presented with the check. Go get 'em. This is a real find.
I will rightly admit this place is very overated like many have probably realized. It still ranks high on Yelp however but I will say the 2 hour wait and high prices are my main gripes. I've been meaning to try the place for quite some time, and my friends and I would always joke about the line right out the door. It seemed inconceivable to us thats all these white folks would wait so long for something called "Burmese Food". From what I can gather, Burmese food is more or less a mixture of Indian, thai and Chinese Food all rolled into one menu for the masses to wrap around their heads. Burma or Myanmar is famous for its cyclones, Rambo 4, Mysterious Monk disappearances, and Oppresive government. Luckily for us, Burma Super Star has none of that! Well perhaps some would say the wait and hostess can be oppressive. I will admit the food is delicious, especially the world famous Tea Salad, and the Mango Beef was awesome, but the prices were definately not. I would say in reality the food there is more of King of Thai quality and should be priced accordingly. 13 bucks for pieces of beef and a few mango pieces seem unreasonable. I have a feeling, the managers priced the menu so high so they can screw whitey out of their money. Fairly reasonable I guess, kind of like how the egg tarts at Golden Gate Bakery are freaking 1.10 instead of the standar egg tart price of 65 cents!!!!!
Seems like Burma SuperStar has found a unique marketing strategy. Make customers wait for hours on end and you get 5 star ratings from hypo-glycemic, food starved customers. (Burma SuperStar doesn't take reservations). My suggestion would be to put your name on the wait list and then head for a local bar (Rocket?) or browse this second Chinatown. It's better than dodging the pigeon dropping outside. After the extend wait, the Rainbow Salad was painfully delicious. I also liked somosa soup as well. Overall, food was delicious and worth the wait.
I don't have to write more than anyone else already has. This place is great, and the long lines tells you why. It's also one of those businesses that help the late night places around Clement, for example Blue Danube! The food is great, but expect long lines!
I love the "salad" of tea leaves and toasted garlic and stuff! Try coconut ride and the fish balls, too. Mmmm... I need to go back soon, it's been too long since my last visit.
Yummy in the tummy. Family run place that is great to take visiting friends who want something new that's not scenester crowds. I've never had a bad meal here, and someday I hope to have tried every single thing on the menu. Get a group and get the big round table in the back. It's one of my favorite places in SF.
Burmese cuisine is unique in this town, where few cuisines have failed to achieve ubiquity. I love going here partially for this reason and partially because it's near my home, but mostly because it's damn tasty! Yes, you'll likely experience long waits, cramped dining and spotty service - but it's cheap, interesting and delicious. The tea leaf salad is yummalicious, and the pumpkin stew is a standout. Coconut rice also makes for happy taste buds. The Burma Cooler seems to be beer and lemonade, but hey, I like it!
Wonderful food. It's like a cross between Indian and Thai. Full of flavor, great proportions, good price. All around great experience.
authentic burmese, but it's surprisingly high-pricedi'm used to paying half these prices and getting larger portions, but i couldn't doubt the quality of the foodagain, not a place to fill up, but good flavors all around
explosive taste!i crave this place in my sleep and after much physical activity.
Was good, if not a little overhyped. The garlic shrimp was awesome, as were the delicious salads (including the one with 22 ingredients). Sambusas were great too. However, my expectations were not met after having been to Mingala in NYC- and no Khao Suey.
The food was good but didn't blow me away entirely. I was still hungry when I was done. The samosas are definitely must haves. Go there early!
The best restaurant in San Francisco.
The service was wonderful and the food was outstanding. A great variety of flavors. We ordered somthing that was too spicy and they took it back with no questions asked. A great overall experience!
Yes, crowded. Yes, a wait. But go during down times and it's not so bad. All I have to say is, mmmm, coconut rice; mmmm, tea leaf salad. Wow, what flavors! They're so original.
Absolutely one of the best restaurants in Sf. Everyone must try the Rainbow salad and the Somosa Soup, rediculously good. Jacob L. what are you smokin? The last thing I could every conceivably say is that there food is bland. Absolutely untrue. Just writing about it makes me seriously crave some Poodi. Because it is always Poodi Time! Insider Tip: Call right before you leave your house and put your name on the list, saves you a lot of waiting
This is a great place. The menu offers a wonderful variety of items, all deliciously different from the standard fair. The flavors woke up my taste buds which were obviously becoming bored with the usual routine. The ingredients taste fresh, the prices are reasonable and the service is friendly.
Ignore the "lackluster surroundings" and "the long waits and weekend crowds" ...concentrate on the authentic food and reasonable price. Friendly staff and good eats make this place a top bang for your buck joint.
Overall thought Burma Superstar was very very good but as others have reflected on "Was it worth the 1 1/2 hour wait?" It probably was if you have the time (although I am sure it is possible lead a complete and happy life without ever going here too).  The tea leaf salad was excellent and the presentation of them tossing the salad in front of you was a nice touch.  For an entree, I had the Chili Lamb which was very good (they claimed it was the hottest item on the menu but it wasn't too spicy at all, probably a 3 out 5 hotness at most restaurants). Also had the Burmese Cooler (a signature beer drink), which was a little disappointing.  Would be great on a day but I thought the taste was like watery beer with lemon in it. Wasn't bad, just wasn't something I would recommend.
Food: 4 Stars (Tea Leaf Salad is very good but lets not build it up too much okay? Coconut Rice is a good choice and the Platha Bread is a must try and a must have for the spicy dishes.)Decor/Ambiance: 1.75 Stars (too closely seated near others, loud, long wait for those who can't seem to get reservations, nothing special decor)Service: 3 Stars (good considering the place was packed but nothing special otherwise and despite what Yelp says, I was able to get a reservation)*Ratings are price adjusted$30 per plate, reflects 1 drink, tax and 18-20% tip.Food 4 Stars:I have had here...Tea Leaf Salad - Yeah it's good, I like it, I think the Yelpers built it up a little calling in "Godly" among other things but if you like nuts in your salad it's certainly worth a try, probably the restaurants signature dish according to the Yelp reviews I read before ordering.Chicken Dahl (spicy) - Chicken Dahl is quite flavorful but be careful, spicy means SPICY! I like spicy food, usually to the point where it's so spicy it really starts to interfere with the flavor but somehow this was too spicy and yet I could still clearly appreciate the flavor.Pumpkin Pork Stew - Good, a little bland for my taste but my friend who ordered it liked it so it worked.Platha Bread - Must have for the spicy food and highly recommended otherwise.Coconut Rice - I asked the waitress which rice she recommended and this was it. I can't compare it to the other choices as I've only been here once but it was good, not too Coconuty.Decor/Ambiance: 1.75 StarsNot a great spot for a first time date, you and your date won't easily be able to hear one another over the crowd and getting in and out of the booth seat is probably most gracefully done by crawling under the table. Nothing notable about the interior other than how packed it is but if anything I would say it was well under par considering other options at similar prices but you probably don't come to a place like this to look around anyway.Service: 3 StarsService with a smile that didn't seem to have a problem even though the place was packed. Yes, she did take our order in a reasonably timely fashion, our food came quickly and my water stayed full about 90% of the time despite the fact our waitress had nearly no space between tables to move and full house, very impressive. That being said, while Yelp says they don't take reservations, I was able to "put my name down" by phone 45 minutes before they suggested they would have a table and it was ready for me by the time I arrived exactly 45 min later. Is this a secret? I dunno, it was a Monday reservation for 8:45 and sure beats waiting inline so I was happy as I'm pretty sure that the overall experience would not have been worth waiting outside for.Conclusion:All in all, I'm going to say that Burma Superstar is good but not great. I'll probably be back, but not before I've checked out some of the other less trendy Burmese places in the area.
Every once in a while you find a restaurant that exposes you to a totally new flavor. This is that restaurant and for me these were the flavors:Fermented tea leaf salad = Yeah it sounds a bit scary but this is awesome.Pork and pumpkin curry = *****
It is pretty rare to want to give a place that consistently has a wait of 2 hours 5 stars but the food speaks for itself! I agree with other reviewers who say that this is the best Asian food in the city. Definitely try their samosas and fiery chicken with tofu. The sesame chicken is the best I have ever had anywhere and not the greasy variety that you find at a Chinese food restaurant. If you are going to plan on dining here on a Saturday I recommend calling at 6 to put your name on the list and wait about an hour before you go down there because you will wait for a very long time. They are courteous enough to call you when your table is ready and allow you 5 minutes or so to get there which is very nice and pretty unheard of in this city.
The best tea leaf salad in the world!
Fantastic food and a fun atmosphere. Aside from the food, the great thing is that they will take your cell phone number, so you can walk across the street and have a drink at the fun cafe while you are waiting for your table. I am not sure why all restuarants don't provide that service. All the food is tasty and it is a nice change from the typical thai and chinese food I usually get.
This place is very small and fils up in 45 after opening, and expect to wait at least an hour after that.  I unfortunately only got to order 2 dishes, since my friend wasn't that hungry, but the two dishes we got were good. I need to try a few more things from this menu to truely get the feel of the food quality of this restaurant. The drinks were good. We ordered the Burma cooler, the Mango Tango, Tea leaf salad (mmmmm) and the burmese chicken and shrimp claypot dish (very homely). For dessert we order the pudding filled coconut fritters (awesome). Next time i come back i will definitely be trying their coconut rice as well as some chicken dishes that looked and smell great.
This place was always so crowded and the lines were always long whenever I passed by it so I thought I would try it out with a few friends. Honestly, this place is all hype. I didn't think it was all that great...the food was mediocre at best. In my opinion, not worth the money...or the wait.
The bf and I cam here some time this past weekend for an early dinner- around 5ish. We were not sure if there would have been a wait, since we got there early and yes we did have to wait, even at 5. We did not have to wait long though, like about 10 to 15 minutes. I didn't realize that the restaurant was that small, but it is and probably has a lot to with why there is always a line out the door. I have never had Burmese food and did not know what to expect, but I think that I had high expectations because of the reviews and the fact that there were always a lot of people standing outside waiting for a table. We started out with the Burmese Samusas. We had the option of vegetarian or chicken, we decided on the chicken. To tell you the truth, I didn't taste any chicken, but I did taste the potatoes. Don't get me wrong, I am a potato kind of girl, but I wondered why they give the option of veggie or chicken, if I can't taste any chicken. It was a really good size serving and The Samusas were well flavored, but one thing the bf and noticed was that they were kind of oily. I didn't really notice it at first, but there was a lot of oil on the bottom of the plate. For our main dishes, we ordered the Chili Lamb, Spicy Chicken w/ fresh Basil and the See Jyet Kauswer (Garlic noodles) with duck and an order of the coconut rice. The Chili Lamb was super spicy and the coconut rice totally did the trick with calming the spiciness. The Spicy Chicken w/ Fresh Basil was good, but the lemongrass was cut kind of larger, like a scallion. I bit into it thinking that was what it was, but if you have ever had lemon grass, it is stringy and you either need to chop it up really fine to eat it and if you don't you use it for flavor in your dish and you don't really eat it. The chicken was cooked very well, not dry and overcooked. I was actually kind of disappointed with the Garlic noodles. I didn't really taste any garlic and the noodle were super greasy. Come to think of it all the dishes were really greasy/ oily. Every dish had a bunch of oil on the bottom of the plate/bowl. Other than the food being greasy/oily, the food was good, but the highlight of the meal was the coconut rice. I would come here again and probably try other dishes, but I will not wait for a table for an hour.
Like everyone else has said it's totally worth the wait. Excellent food, great prices and a ridiculously long wait. Thank god for the ability to leave your number with the hostess and for the surrounding shops. Burma's waiting crowds probably helps a lot of those businesses. If you don't want to wait try lunch there, no crowds and lunch prices. Or there's always take out.
geez, ppl...the place is good but not enough to wait 30 mins (or more) for a table!Yes, they flavor their rice with coconut. Other than that, can you honestly say their kung pao is better than any other chinese restaurant you've been to?You're in the mood for samosa, you say? Walk down to Geary and try Assab Eritrean. They have better samosas.
This is SO delicious! I shared the Rainbow Salad, the Tea Leaf Salad, and the Moh Hinga (Catfish Chowder). All were better than I could have imagined! I am already thinking of who will go back with me! Everyone says try the Samusa Soup, but after we ordered the Catfish Chowder, the waiter admitted that everyone goes for the Samusa, but his personal favorite is also the Chowder..I can definately see why. As for the Salads, I cannot choose which I enjoyed more. I suggest ordering both if you are dining with someone (or more than one). Thank God we got there on the earlier side, because I believe they are notorious for long wait times, and about 15 names went on the list right after we got there, but they do take your cell number and call you when your table is ready, you are able to walk around while you wait.
We waited 2.5 hours for seating last Saturday night! Yep, 2.5 hours. There's a couple of cute coffee spots nearby and they'll take your down cell number so they can call you when your table's ready, so I guess it's somewhat tolerable. As a vegetarian, I wasn't used to having so many tempting options. I settled on the tea tree leave salad (w/o the dried shrimp) and the vegetable curry, both of which were incredible. The latter was quite spicy. The former had lots of tasty, crunchy nuts. Just don't go if you're starving (or get take-out, which seems to be a promising option there).
my best friend an i always walk by this place cause its near his house and its always packed and there are always people hanging out outside waiting. so one day we decided to make reservations and try it out. first we yelped and read reviews to get ideas of what to order..then when we got there we asked the follow patrons what was good and also asked the waitress what the signature dishes were. when we got our food, we didnt think it was that great. i wouldnt come here again unless someone REALLY wanted to try it out
oh mi goodness, this place is sooo good. unfortunately on the weekends at night, the wait is easily 1-2hrs. i haven't eaten here in a long time because i can't wait that long when i'm too hungry. if i'm lucky i might visit this place when its not busy!
Love this place!!! Just went here again today and it's been awhile since I've been back. I really can't see why anyone would not give them 5 stars since the service is sooo great and the food has never failed to satisfy my palate. This is the place to go if you want to try a different type of asain food. Check it out for yourself! It's awesome!!!
The food here is so damn delicious. If you like flavorful food, eat here. Service is great because they are very friendly, and I like friendly service. Try the green tea salad.
Somosas and falafel in soup? Sounds like crazy talk, but it turns out it's actually the best thing ever. The salads are good and the tofu tower is pretty sweet too.
I spent a year here one evening. Wonderful pea shoots.
came here again it was still yummy i really enjoy the pea shoots, samosa, curry, noodles..not big on the meat dishes... service extremely efficient!!!as usually i held my number two spot in line...I can't give it 5 stars because I feel like the space is too small...and not all dishes make me ooh ahh....but still very good!
VERY VERY TASTY Rainbow Salad! You definitely should order this at Burma Star. Wish the portion was bigger though. Come early to avoid the crowd. It gets quite busy at lunch and dinner. Service can be slow when it gets crowded.
For me, this is the way I like a Mango Salad. Very easy to eat (not the large chunk variety) and tasty. The Salt and Pepper Chicken comes with a spicy but semi weet sauce, full of hot peppers and enough vinegar to give it a lift. Samosas are also nice, bit of meat and spice to go with them tatties (potatoes). For desert, the fried coconut pudding with coconut ice cream is most slamm'n. :) Even those who are not huge coconut fans may find it's mild coconut taste working well in this desert. When you get there, you'll likely have to put your name on the wait list, but add your phone number and have a stroll around town until they call you. The fist store near by is good for passing the time (interesting tropical critters). Eat up.
Can this place have any more reviews? Damn.. mine is gonna be number 812! So I came here tonight after work with my buddies and even though we had a table reserved for 3 but ended having 4 people, the waitress let us squeeze and sit 4 people on our tiny table. The food was pretty good. I forgot exactly what we ordered. I just remember we had 6 dishes and 4 of them we good. Since two of them kind of sucked, I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars for the food quality. The four good ones included the home made eggrolls, rainbow salad, garlicy noodles, burma superstar noodles...I think that's what they were called. The other spicy shrimp dish wasn't great and neither was our other vegetarian one with red sauce.  The service is pretty unattentive too. -1 star for that. I never had my water refilled. Oh btw the cooks are chinese, not surprisingly....What else...oh ya +1 star for the cute waitress that my friend said stared at me.
obviously, the unruly bomb dizzle of clement street. every dish on this side of the hemisphere needs as much spice as that samusa soup. baby coco beverage, coco rice, naan bread, potato curry........ole! ( as i step back in embarrasment attaching a spanish exclamation to a south asian culinary experience, i also add: go here. you must go here.) the minus star had to go to the rate in which i got my food, which took a century. but it was oh so worth it, lover. p.s. my roommate, a non vege, got the meat casserole and he exclaims it to be akin to a seventeen year orgasm, so i would say a purchase is not unwise.
ok. find me one person who doesnt line burma superstar.one little nugget not on the menu: samosa salad. tofu tower also a hidden gem.open a notch on your belt and chow down.
We were seated when the restaurant was packed to the gills, but nonetheless received quick, attentive service. We loved the rainbow salad. Didn't mean to order all vegetarian, but it just happened that way. The tofu and lotus root had such a delicious sauce and the crunch of the lotus roots was very nice. I can't begin to describe how much we loved the coconut rice--the coconut milk gave the rice a nice consistency and subtle coconut flavor. The poodi (lentil and potato curry) also was delicious. We ate everything with the Burmese Cocktail: lager flavored with ginger and lemon. Some of the other posters complain of lackluster food; I think the key is to order the Burmese menu items, which are noted with a star.
my dinner: coconut rice, sesame seed chicken, thai iced teaall good
I went to this place last night for dinner. And the rainbow salad blew me away. It has 22 different ingredients mixed in. Every bite of it had a different flavor of spicy or sweet. It was so yum! I just might make a second trip after hearing all the raves for the tea salad here.  One of the perks here is that you can leave your cell number when it's crowded. Instead of waiting around for an hour, we grabbed a couple of drinks at a neighboring bar.
First review I've written, but I wanted to help raise the stats. This place is simply phenomenal. Like everyone else, I loved the tea leaf & rainbow salads. So worth the wait.
I've been going to Burma SuperStar since I was a little girl with my parents. But we've since stopped going. It's nothing compared to homemade Burmese food. And they've got nothing on my mom's cooking. Of course I'm kinda biased. They do try very hard to keep the ambiance very uhm... Burmese. I would say that the food is alright for a Burmese restaurant in the area. More authentic than others, in the dishes that are actually burmese. There isn't really any great Burmese restaurants around here despite the fairly large Burmese population in the area. So for a small fix go there.
tea leaf salad is amazing!!
i don't understand the hype about this place. the wait was far too long, the service mediocre at best (i don't appreciate being rushed), the seating was far too crowded, and the food is nothing special.  the fact that they don't take reservations makes them seem more popular and good than they actually are...thumbs down.
absolutely DELICIOUS everytime!!! i recommend the sesame beef, tea leaf salad, pea shoots, coconut rice (i really want that right now!! its this soft rice seeping with creamy coconut delight yummm) we got some really good soup there too, i forget which one, but it had an amazing flavor. i think it might have been pumpkin something. the servers are nice. you have to wait for a really long time for a table. it's worth it though. you can go across the street and get some delicious japanese candy while you wait. i highly recommend this spot when you feel like eating something really really good or if you have visitors in town.
Great food!!! a bit of a wait but, worth it in every aspect. Rainbow salad is an absolute must!! It's an adventurous concoction of 21 ingredients( noodles, spices, and vegetables), that is blended together at your table. The Pea shoots are very nice, buttery and crisp. Shrimp Curry is nice an spicy. Basmati rice was excellent, nutty and flavorful. Make sure you have extra drinks on hand in case you eat a hot pepper, since drink service is minimal.
This place clearly isn't the hidden gem I used to think it was, but if you're looking for a unique taste delight, it doesn't get any better than Burma SuperStar. My old roommate stumbled across this place when he was doing a remodel project on the building next door. He got to know the owners (who are awesome), and we've been making a point to get back here as often as we can. If parking didn't suck and it weren't so damn popular, we'd probably eat here every weekend. The tea leaf salad and samusa soup are absolute musts, but I've never tried a dish that wasn't excellent. I don't even like coconut, but they make these coconut fritter things with ice cream that are out of this world. The Burma Cooler is very refreshing. Whatever you order, you can't really go wrong. Just make sure to wear layers - the wait is long, and it gets chilly in this part of town. Or leave your cell phone number and grab a drink across the street. The place is small, and they don't take reservations.
Great food and very different then most places. The Tea Leaf salad is awesome as well as the fresh coconuts to drink and then they open them up for dessert. The only REALLY BAD thing is they take NO reservations and the lines can be HUGE! Either go on a weekday early or late or forget it unless you want to wait an hour or more. The 3rd time I went there it was real greasy and different then the other times. I guess it depends who is coooking.
or you can just go there for a late lunch at 2:30pm and eat right away. thankyou tea leaf salad. thankyou lemon grass salmon. thankyou poodi. thankyou greenbeans, thankyou garlic eggplant, thankyou burma. i know who you are. and i love you. long time.
I cannot believe how many people have reviewed Burma. I'm in awe. I think I'm in awe of that fact more than their food, though the food was pretty fantastic. Everyone keeps comparing Burma to Mandalay. I really couldn't do the same. The only comparable item was the coconut rice, which I found to be better. Everything else was so different, flavor wise particularly, that I would have to say they are equally delicious and complimentarily so. The veggie mushu from the appetizers was perfectly cooked and seasoned with an excellent plum sauce. The eggplant with garlic sauce was also perfectly cooked and nicely seasoned. I also partook in the samosa soup, which had a lentil base, and was decent, but not my favorite. The samosas became soggy really fast (though I guess that should be expected dropping them in soup), and the flavor of the soup, though quite spicy which I love, was a little flat otherwise. I would definitely mix and match between Burma Superstar and Mandalay, and probably pass on eating at Burma souly because it's become a ridiculously popular place with an extremely long wait.
Delicious and unique. The wait staff is extremely accommodating. We went there in a big group and they special ordered for our group size and made any dish we wanted, vegetarian. I pretty much recommend everything, but some of my favorites are the eggplant dishes and the rainbow salad.
awesome. different. spicy. long lines.
After ranting about how much I wanted to try out Burma SuperStar, I finally had a chance to try it out with a friend. He told me that were were going to be a line, and he was right. I think we waited for an hour? It was a sunday too!! We went across the street for coffee and waited for the waitress to call us. The waitress was nice enough to take down our order while we were still waiting to be seated. My friend did the ordering because he has eaten there before. We had the tea leaf salad, Burmese Samusas, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce, Burmese Style beef curry, Coconut Rice and Basmati rice cooked with cardamom, cinnamon, raisins and nuts. MMMM! what a meal! I've never had burmese food as good as this! Despite of all the fantastic bombing sensation of spices exploding in my mouth from every corner, my friend had the impression that I didn't like it very much. We had a lot of food left over and I was picking around my plate. This place is REALLY good, but I just didn't want to tell him that I was still full from the BBQ I had in the afternoon. The next time I go back (which is tomorrow) I will make sure I go in with a better appetite!
If you're just a meat and potatoes kinda person, then stay away! Otherwise, i don't know anyone that doesn't absolutely love this place. Their food is so yummy - their samosas are great. But my favorites are the green tea salad and the coconut chicken noodle soup. My mouth is watering just thinking about this! I usually take away a star for awful parking but this place is THAT good. Be prepared for a bit of a wait though. They seem to always be busy.
mmm mmm mmm this stuff's good! get it, you'll love it. end of story.
Try some very unique burmese food for an awesome experience. I recommend the ginger beer, samusa soup and a tea-leaf salad. This is an awesome place for vegetarians. The wait can be quite long. There's a cafe right across the street for chilling at with your friends while you wait.
I've never had Burmese food, so when I heard about this place from a friend, I was kind of scared to try it. But it was really delicious! My friends and I (the 3 of us) shared 4 dishes, and it was more than enough. We ordered lamb, duck, the calamari (which has great flavor), and cold noodles with chicken. The wait wasn't too bad and the service was great.
Loved the food! The walnut shrimp are to die for. Had to fight for the last one at the table. The line I could do without, but hey what are you gonna do when the place is as good as I had heard. If you have more then 4 in your party be prepared to wait even longer because they only have one large round table.
love this place. no really, i really really love this place. id eat here everyday if i didnt work and live in oakland, and husband would drive my butt to sf without complaining. the tea salad is to die for. yyyyyuuummmmyyyy.
Absolutely delicious food. Kick ass!
Went based on friend's recommendation, and I was not disappointed. Fantastic food, friendly staff, reasonable price, and even got a table right away because we got there fairly early in the evening. The Tea Leaf salad was very flavorful with that unmistakable bitter taste and smell nicely balanced with the sesame dressing. Appetizers were also very tasty. The staff were super nice - when my wife inquired about their Coconut Rice, Dewy, who was serving our table, brought some for her to sample. I have a feeling we will be going back for some more.
if you like thai and indian food, then Burmese food will be right up your alley. great flavor combos, even though the menu might seem intimidating, trust me, the results are excellent.
yep, it's good. rather than wait i just order take out and bring it home. or, just go during the week when there is not as much of a wait. wonder why they haven't gone the way of OSHA and opened more locations.
Ok so we waited an hour on a weekday night no big deal, just jot down your cell phone number, go grab a pre-dinner drink (or four!) and they will give you a call. Service was quick and personable and the place is decorated nicely. Having no prior experience with Burmese food the menu gives you a short introduction to the history/influences. Great date or going out with the friends spot. You sit close to other diners but no need to worry about guarding your conversation because everyone is into their food.Now the food, it is great! I can recommend the Chicken Casserole something or other (sorry long name) is good and the Burma Superstar noodles are a pleasant suprise. Served cool but with a def. kick to them! Only thing that lacked was the Sangria, just ehhhh. Probably have more fun drinking Grape Kool Aid at home. Good spot for a mid-week dinner when on Clement St. I would fear the wait on a weekend!
i live around the block from this place, and that's about how long the lines are whenever i pass it. so i usually go to mandalay restuarant which is on my block (now you know too much). and i dig mandalay - it's very fantastic. but i had a couple of friends visit me from far away (north beach), so we waited on line and ate there.my point? there's a good chance i'll never eat at mandalay again.
i don't know what i can say about burma superstar that others have not already said. i wish i could come home to a kiddie pool full of the tea leaf salad so as i could relax and alternate between eating and sleeping all night long.
This place has really good food. The only problem is that is too crowded on weekends. WE had almost an hour and a half to get a table on Friday evening. I guess takeout is a good option. During lunch, I didn't see the place that crowded. Has a nice selection of vegeterian dishes. The okra egg curry is awesome, so is the poodi curry.
Was it worth the 2 hour wait? well, only since we planned our night with the expected wait built-in (how often do you really want to do that?). We spent so much time at the Irish bar across the street (Dog's Bollix) that we got a little more enamored with it and a little less enamored with Burma SuperStar. If I had had alchohol-belly-room left to try the good sounding fancy drink mixes at Burma, I might have something better to say, too. Still, if it weren't for the unbelievable wait for this place, I'd have given it four stars. It was pretty good - especially the Mu Shu Vegetable roll appetizer. I wish I could've tried more, (although the curry noodles were kind of dull, but the house made roasted/cooked hot pepper mix helped.)
Be prepared to wait or Be smart and call them about 1hr or 1.5 hr before you arrive to put u on the waiting list so you don't have to waiting out in the cold. The chicken burmese sumusas are really yummy - little pyramids of curried chicken with mushed potatoes...what a great starter! The Burmese style lamb curry was good and the lamb was tender and the curry sauce was just right without being overly spicy. The coconut chicken noodle curry (Bun Tay Kaukswer) was really tasty...tasted a little bit like Malay Mee Rebus. But my fave of the night was definitely the classic chicken casserole, it is like burmese style paella...oooh that is so good. This is definitely a winner for both - those who like spicy foods and those who don't! The tables in this restaurant is not catered for a big crowd cos it is kinda cramped so you might have better luck being seated faster if you are in small group of 2-4.
So the first time I went, I thought, ok, good but what's the big deal? Then on the second trip, it was much, much better. And with me came my Malaysian friend who thought the food was quite authentic and reminded him of home. I guess it's also what you order: stewed pumpkin pork is to die for, the coconut noodle with chicken was silky smooth, and the side dish rices are very good. The only let down was the noodle salad--all noodle, no greens, and wasn't that tasty. So, if you are in for tasty food, take a deep breath and wait for a table. You won't be disappointed.
I used to live a block away from this place and was introduced to it by an ex-boyfriend. Boy, was this the best thing (food-wise) to ever happen to me. Over my three years of living in that area, I've never come across a place better than Burma SuperStar. The price, the food, atmosphere make it a really unforgettable experience.
worth the wait! don't forget to try the tea leaf salad... it's fabulous!
ok can I just tell you - Coconut Rice! It rocks - at first I didn't understand the crack addict need of my friend Llorie who is addicted. Well now I am too - I have been several times and have noticed the food is better on some visits but they get a Ghetto Pass on that because it has never been Bad the range has been good to excellent. Try it - tho parking can suck
Food is above average. But line is heinously long. ALMOST ALWAYS. Last time we ate there, service was horrible. We had our tables taken away from us. When we were finally seated, we ordered alcoholic beverages which never arrived. Asking for the bill also was a test in patience. I recommend this place for take out only. You'll be much more content with the taste of the food without the long wait and erratic service.  Parking is also challenging. Overall, dont believe the hype!
yum yum yum...the love of my life took me here on my lunch break and boy was i surprised! uh if you're going to go try the fermented tea leaf salad. try it! interesting flavors that take your taste buds on a roller coaster ride. yes there is a wait. but it's worth it.
May I be contrarian? Y'see I love the feel of this place: quirky, elbow to elbow with the inner richmond's finest and flakiest, always a line extending into the sidewalk. But I think it's some sort of collective hysteria that it 'must be good because there's a line out the door' because the food, well the food leaves me scratching my head. Maybe it's just the dishes I choose, but everything tastes like mud. Really, and when I say muddy, I mean underflavored, blase, milktoast, dumbed down for the whiteys, and dare I say uninspired? Now I've got some good data that Burma exports some rockin' food. I once dated a Burmese gal who's mom would make the most _amazing_ dishes from the old country - vibrant, spicy, and mmmmmm. But Burma Superstar, man... where's the magic? Tell me I'm just missing a killer dish? Really? $10-$14 a dish on Clement for so-so asian food? Who are you kidding? And oh, oh oh, oh no! Don't eat the lamb... that was a bad idea. I've been trying to bribe my stomach back to friendship ever since. Here, have another thin mint - really I do love you. Poor stomach, forgive me. Please?
judging from the long line of sf hipsters usually pouring out of burma superstar's front door, i've thought to myself, suckers - this place must be all hype. i had been patiently awaiting for it to appear as the next entry on that blog stuffwhitepeoplelike. well you know what? i was an ass and i was wrong, it IS good. hearty, stew-y, comforting, and delicious, with flavors strong enough to maintain some street credibility.
This place is FANTASTIC. Lots of Garlic, usually a wait but really really delicious. I would give it a 5 star but the food really does not travel well. AT ALL. but other then that.. it's great. The eggplant yum, garlic shrimp - OMG and i really like the ginger lemonade !
yummy. love that salad. and my husband loves the beer drink -- burma cooler.
the tea leaf salad is so yummy, can't get enough of it, i had it to go too.
i used to live in this neighborhood but never ate here because there was always a line and an hour+ wait.slightly over-rated asian slash indian food.tea leaf salad is great.
I had NO idea this place had this many reviews. Damn. Well, along with the others yes the food is great but it is busy. I had no idea people actually came to Inner Richmond for the joint though!
tea leaf salad and rainbow salad are unusually delicious .
WOW!! This place is always packed with lots of people waiting outside to get a table. So one day i decided i've got try it and see what all the hype is about. i waited the long long wait got in and was super exited, can't recall what we ordered, but i was so disappointed. the food is not good at all, everyone raves about the place, but honestly i don't really care for the food, it was not good, just edible not even ok. the food was bland, it just amazes me how busy they are..... i feel like giving them another chance, but then again i don't want to waste my money.
My girlfriend and I went to for the second time last week and have to say hands down some of the most amazing food you'll find in this city! The only issue I have is the wait. Not a place to go if you're super hungry and can't wait an hour or so for the call on your mobile to let you know your table is ready. However, if you can wait the hour, very well worth it!
My fatty ears have been hearing lots of good things about this place. I was excitied to finally eat here on a Sunday afternoon. Before you try to attempt and find parking around asia, drop off someone to put your name on the list. Our name was called before i could find parking so instead of trying to fnd parking and signing up we saved atleast 30min to an hour. As for the food... The menu had dishes that featured on FoodTV. Of course, this is my favoritve channel to eat so I had to try some of these items. The samosa vegetarian soup tasted like curry with pieces of samosa in it. This dish should be served as an entree served with rice. It gets really heavy like my back fat after the second bowl. The beef and tofu was good but really salty. I love salt but there was too much. It made my balls shrivel. The garlic noodle dish with duck was by far the least favorite dish ordered. I was probably expecting PPQ style but their style didnt satisfy me. The best dish was the curry shrimp. Its not your traditional curry. It was a red spicy sauce vs. the samosa soup which was definitely yellow currified. Overall, I would not wait or go out of my way to eat here. The food was not exceptional as expected but I am glad I tried it once.
i want to be one of those people who thinks burma superstar is overrated, because it's so damn hard to get in there. but i'm not. i love it. the samosas... the tea salad... the noodles... every damn thing i've had there has been outstanding and tasty. but i'll tell you a secret - order pickup. it's fast and easy and just as tasty.
tea leaf salad is OUT OF CONTROL delicious as are their other salads. the wait can be a bit annoying but always have a wonderful meal there. eggplant is great as well. there new spot down the street is great too -- beautifully decorated! lovely ambiance!
Unbelievable! When I first went here a few months ago, I had never had Burmese food before.... what a great surprise! The tea leaf salad was excellent, as was every other dish. Very unique and tasty!
i've always wanted to try this place and finally i did! i went with my bf and we ordered the samosa soup, tea leaf salad, and the chili lamb. overall i think their food is more of a heavier spice than any other restaurants that i've eaten. the soup was a little sour to me, the salad was ok. last but not least, the best dish of the night- Chili Lamb! that was very spicy and good! must try it with coconut rice!! the coconut sweet and the spicy lamb was very compatible to each other! so if u want a restaurant that focuses on real seasoning, go for burma!
best samosas ever!!!!
one of the best meals i had in a long time.we went there on a monday night and it was the first time i had burmese food. we ordered the casserole dish, the fiery chicken, their popular soup, and the rainbow salad. all very good and the prices were very reasonable. this place is very popular and there was line when we got there and one when we left.
I'd been meaning to try this place for years, having heard over and over how good the food is. So it's not so surprising that I was disappointed when the time came. But honestly, the food was so-so, and the service, although friendly, was painfully slow. It's almost always packed, and there were only two people taking orders, so the customer to waiter ratio is something like 40:1. I felt so sorry for our guy, compelled to stop and explain the ingredients in our noodle salad, when I knew in the back of his mind, he was thinking, "I've got three other tables waiting to order."  My potato curry was fine, but no better than the curry at a hundred other places in the city. Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish, or maybe it's just an average restaurant. And, oh yeah, was that ginger lemonade just Minute Maid?
People love this place. I don't love it as much as the general populace. Maybe I ordered the wrong dish. Also, waiting in line while being hungry is not appealing. Regardless of my experience, you should still check it out.
The wait to get a table is a major detraction, but the food is worth it if you have the patience. What I remember with most distinction is the samosa soup (I think that's what it was... broth with fried balls of hummus or something, fairly spicey), it was delicious. I had a great curry too and the Thai iced tea was nice. The decor is cool, with lots of masks and traditional Thai art pieces, though packed and noisy. Still, a fun experience. I was sad that it was too crowded to get in when my mom came to visit - we were too hungry to wait and went to Thai Noodle King nearby, which was a satifactory alternative with no wait at all (go there for your Thai fix if you can't get into Burma.)
The food is still great, the prices are still great, the wait still sucks. They will call you on your cell phone, and if you are in the last seating, which you probably will be unless you got on the list at 5, they will ask you to order from the sidewalk. You will then wait some more. And when the people inside finally leave, you will sit down and your meal will instantly be placed before you. You will eat it. And then the restaurant will close. The experience makes you feel like a cog in an assembly line. I now prefer B-Star down the street, where sanity still prevails.
sorry guys. it almost hurts me to go against the yelp community. but i have to... i just have to.came here tonight after work. put our name on the list and only waited for about 30 minutes. not a bad start. we were seated at one of the tables that basically shares space with the waiting "area." we figure out what to order: rainbow salad, spicy crispy chicken, and fiery beef and tofu. maybe we should have stuck with the "as seen on tv" dishes... but we didn't. we also order waters and a ginger lemonade. we got our salad before we got our water. the waiter was helpful in explaining what everything was and actually took out the cilantro (since it makes me want to vomit) for me. the salad was good. tasty. then we got our waters... but no lemonade. then came our rice (the cinnamon one) and one dish. a couple minutes later our other dish came out. i hate that. bring all the dishes at once. but we were starving so we went along with it, one dish is better than no dish. the spicy crispy chicken was good. reminded me of decent chinese food. the rice was disappointing. it seriously looked like rice a roni topped with raisins and cinnamon. didn't taste good either, i think the flavors were tooo strong. then the fiery beef and tofu came out. the tofu scared me. it was weird. nothing i had ever seen before. actually it looked like the type of stuff they make fake meat out of. iwwww. i forced myself to eat it, but it wasn't good. the beef was good, but veeeeeeeery salty. couldn't even eat that much of it because of the high sodium content. we finally get our bill and they charge us for the lemonade we didn't get and overcharged for the rice. so we fix that, they were nice about it. but we didn't really see our server or any waitress until we were done. i realize they are busy... but very understaffed. ambiance blew. my boyfriend sat in the seat near the door and a group of 5 people waiting for their table were hitting his chair, bumping into him and knocking his head with the menus they were looking at. not the restaurants fault, but still. the waiting area has to be changed or limited. i walked out thinking i just ate really bad chinese food with a hint of burmese. sad. i wanted to agree with you guys. i did. but i don't think i'll be back. mandalay is TEN TIMES better.
i went to this place twice with my close girl friends... their food are very good and great for sharing among friends.. i know one of the waitress, she hooked me and my friends with bOmb ass dessert.. i wish i had more cash for tips though.. the wait may be long.. but it always busy.. i recommend trying this great place...
I like this place, don't get me wrong, but it's not worth the trouble that comes with trying to get a table for dinner. It's a tiny place, which makes it hellacious to get a table. However, if you sign in and leave your cell phone number, they will call you. Anyway, the food is pretty good. The 22 ingredient rainbow salad is like having an orgasm in your mouth...I know that sounds gross but also sort of intriguing at the same time, no? My boyfriend and I also love the sesame beef, which is a tangy beef. The duck noodles are also really good-they are fried in garlic and scallions. Anyway, best time to go is for lunch during the week.
Excellent food but even with reservation there is a wait. Its a real small place but it is worth the wait. I recommend the 10ingredient salad.
absolutely tasty yummy spicy daring food. really...it was awesome. and totally affordable. be prepared to wait as it's tiny, and there is always a line. just grab a drink across the street and the restaurant will call your cell when they're ready for you. never had burmese food, but i'd describe it as a mix between thai and indian. awesome right? go...now!
rainbow salad, hmmmmmmm!
ordered the rainbow salad for take out, and it tasted nasty. the sauce that they had in the container was was too oily and had this weird smell coming from it..the salad by itself was bland. i couldn't finish half of it, and even my bf who finishes my leftover food wouldn't touch it.i would rather go to Kirin restaurant for their rainbow salad instead. the lady that took my order was friendly tho=)
Fish chowder, fish chowder...how I adore thee. Line around the block...how I loathe thee. Blue Danube and thy too sweet sangria...how you placate me.
Absolutely Incredible. Try the Burmese dishes. The salad is the best i've ever had. the soup and curry were both amazing as well. I'll for sure go back there.
the wait is long, yes, but they do call your cell when a table is ready and i'm all for that. i'd recommend doing the lunch specials more than dinner; i love the salmon, sauteed veggies, and cashew dishes, but it can get pricey, especially if you're in a big group (we did five). plus, it's not as crowded during the dinner hours and you can still have time to get a dessert from genki across the street.
first time eating burmese. loved it. so did family. each and everything we ordered was really goodtry the tea salad.expect a long wait. i think we cld've called in to put our names on the list..but we didn't know
I liked this restaurant but I am not sure that it was worth the 1 hr wait. There was a group of 5 and we all sampled each others dishes. The best was the honey walnut prawns. The pumpkin pork stew was very good and the spicy chicken was also good but very much like you can get at any good oriental restaurant. We waited at the b-star(its sister restaurant) down the street and had the Burmese cooler... to be fair we did not have it at the Burma superstar but recipe should be the same at both and it was definitely not that impressive. I was not impressed with the rainbow salad... it was good but not as good as at the Mandalay. Same can be said of the Burmese Cooler... The samosas were good but again not impressive.. I did not like the chicken stew. Although my husband did. The rice... sorry cant remember the name.... had spices and dried fruit was also good but I preferred the same dish at the Mandalay. While this is a good restaurant... I think I will not be returning... Too expensive... Too long of a wait... Too loud to have a conversation... I think I will stick with the Mandalay from now on.
the only problem with burma superstar is the wait, because everytime i have tried to go, or even walked by, there is a ton of people waiting outside to eat. usually that means a place is worth eating at. and guess what, it is worth it. nuff said
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE, SOME POORLY DRIED FOOD, AND NOISY & NOT ROOMY RESTAURANT!!! I ate here tonight, Saturday, July 24th. I called up around 4:53pm asking if I could make a reservation for 3 people for 6:00pm. The male employee who answered the phone told me that they do not take reservations. I asked him how long the wait will be if I get their at 6:00pm. He told me to call back in 30 minutes, and he will know then, and he said he had to go do something else now. I didn't call back, because I thought it was rude that he told me he has to go do something else now. Instead, I came to eat there tonight around 7pm. I think it was him that I spoke to at the front. My friend told me that I could have called, so that we could have been on the wait list.  I told her that the male employee on the phone didn't tell me there was a wait list at all. That male employee is an idiot and a moron. So, I approached a male employee at the front of the restaurant who was putting down customers name on a list. I told him that I called trying to make a reservation, and the guy who answered the phone did not tell me there was a wait list that I can sign up on. Then this male employee at the front of the restaurant told me that is because the wait list starts after 5:15pm sometimes. I told him that I didn't know, since I was not told that on the phone when I called. So, I had to wait outside in the freezing cold weather for 1 hour, because of some idiot lack of communication by not informing me that I could have been on a wait list if I called back later.  All the idiotic male employee who answered the phone told me that I may have to wait 45 minutes if I showed up around 6pm. I shouldn't have eaten to support that damn restaurant, but my friends already parked their car in the area, so I didn't want to trouble them to go somewhere else. I will tell my other friends not to go to this restaurant, due to their lack of courtesy, incompetency, and bad customer service. Hope they lose more customers this way when I get the word out to my friends. Some of the food was not that good either, but some were okay. The tea leaf salad was okay, but I have tasted better elsewhere. Also, they provided complimentary tea at the front outside the restaurant, which did not taste special, and one of their cups had lipstick all over it. They have one toilet area so close to the kitchen, and there is it no place to stand clear where you are not in people's way that are walking by that hallway. It is so crammed in this small restaurant that people bumped into me, and it is so annoying. Anyhow, I caught a runny nose and was freezing in the cold weather waiting outside due to that stupid idiot. I hope I don't get sick. The guy who picked up the phone sounded cold, quick and eager to get off the phone. He needs to do more objective observation and read into people of what they want as a customer. Anyhow, don't waste your time at this restaurant. You should just try to Burmese Restaurant in Burlingame Ave in Burlingame instead, because it is better customer service, the food is better, more quieter restaurant environment, more roomier walkway than this restaurant. This Burmese Superstar is misleading, it should be called Burmese ShityStar instead, because this restaurant tables are too close together with other peoples' tables, the noise level echoes so loudly, their curry catfish dish had dried meat, and most of all they have bad customer service at this restaurant.
Vegetarian Samusa Soup was amazing. Lettuce Cups were good. Bun Tay Kauswer (Coconut Chicken Flour Noodle Curry) was pretty good too. Ginger Lemonade, hell yes. A little expensive, but well worth it.
This used to be a quiet place I used to frequent in the 90s. Their menu wasn't amazing but they did a few things well and one could always get a table. I don't know what happened since then but the place has become immensely popular and you will always see people gathered outside and it feels very cramped inside. Few of the old dishes remain on the menu but many of the items are new. Not all of them work but I think the food is good overall. Unfortunately the crowdedness is a real turnoff that keeps me from going here more often.
4 stars for food, 2 for ambience. yummy coconut drinks. great rainbow salad and tofu dishes. tight squeezes on the tables so get used to your neighbors eavesdropping on your conversation.
i've been here several times now, and while the food is better than average and reasonably priced, nothing about it is worth delaying dinner for upwards of an hour. for dinner hours, you can plan ahead and shop while you wait, or call ahead to put your name on the list; otherwise, come during off hours (mid-day) to try it out. service is usually prompt, but obviously they are kept pretty busy. the food's a good value for the price, and there aren't a ton of burmese restaurants around for comparison or competition, so it's a welcome and different range of flavors. three stars because the experience and wait doesn't live up to the hype. either manage the clientele with reservations or find a larger space.
By no means do I consider myself an expert on Burmese cuisine, but in general I thought that Burma Superstar was pretty good, but did not quite live up to the hype.  Even though we went on a Friday night around 7 PM, my friends and I were seated within 30 minutes. Perhaps due to the fact that we didn't have to wait 2 hours for our food, we didn't appreciate it as much as everyone else seems to. As many other Yelpers have noted, the starters were definitely the highpoint of the meal. The "samusas" were tasty, although I must admit that the bastardization of the name slightly annoys me. The Tea Leaf Salad had a great variety of flavors and textures and was definitely the best dish we had there. The pumpkin pork stew was mild and just didn't have enough flavor. The pea shoots were a decent side dish. The coconut rice wasn't anything special The Lemon/Ginger beer concoction was pretty decent.  The hostess was very friendly and in general, service was decent and more than expected from such a divey looking place. I would consider going there again to pick-up, but would never wait 2 hours.
scrumptious! cozy for small groups and worth the wait if there is a line. this establishment is the type where its better to order multiple dishes and share rather than gobble one up by yourself. a sampling of multiple veggie dishes was to die for. each had its own unique taste and you leave with a clean feeling. not weighted down at all by a bucket of fried fancy.
Overhyped restaurant. The food is mediocre at best , there is nothing to writing home about. Service is good when it was not too busy.  Over all not worth waiting for one or two hours. It is rediculous!!!!!
So-so food, and definitely not worth the wait. The food is different and good, but bland. I would never recommend to go out of your way to eat here. The unique salads that they mix at the table are interesting. It's all downhill from there.
If I could give this place 50 stars, I would. This is my new favorite restaurant in San Fran. Yes, there is a LONG wait, but there is an Irish bar like one block away and they call you on your cell phone when your table is ready. I love this place!
I've had a few 3- and 4-star experiences at this place, but the last time I went was definitely a no-star occasion. The food was bland and the service was horrific. When we ordered, we were sure to say "vegetarian" after the two items that can be either seafood, chicken or vegetarian. The Rainbow Salad was vegetarian as requested. However, one of our entrees had chicken in it -- which my friend learned the hard way by biting into a piece. About 30 minutes later, our server finally did the obligatory "Is everything OK?" check in. We told her that our dish had chicken in it and she asked if we wanted it replaced. Um, yeah. I asked if we could just get it to go and she said OK. (Of course, a guy brought over the replacement dish on a regular plate.) She didn't seem very apologetic that her mistake led a vegetarian to accidentally eat meat, and she also didn't offer to take that dish off our check. Oh, and all three of our dishes were infiltrated with tons of cilantro. Have they always done that? Ick. Even without the cilantro problem, the food wasn't as good as it used to be. I don't think I will return to Burma Superstar for a long time. They were more concerned with turning over the tables than with making the current diners happy.
The food is unique. I think that is what makes this restaurant's appeal for everyone. However, when you've had the real Burmese cuisine that Burma SuperStar's dishes are meant to approximate, Burma SuperStar no longer seems so out of this world. My mother, grandparents, and many aunts, uncles, & cousins are from Burma, so I'm familiar. (And btw for earlier posters, the country is still called Burma by original Burmese citizens as Myanmar was the name given to it by the illegitimate military dictatorship that took over the country in 1962.) It is true though, there aren't many places to get Burmese food in the city. However there is Mandalay just a couple blocks away and I'll be trying that place next. There are also a couple of great, private Burmese caterers in the Bay Area. NOT TO MENTION, I've found this restaurant usually filled with cliche culture-whores, many of them desperately (and cheesily) trying impress first dates. But if YOU want to impress a first date with your worldliness, by all means... take him/her to Burma SuperStar. Good vegetarian selection though.
samusa soup must be what they serve in heaven.
Alright, so here goes my first review. I spent a nice Sunday up in the city with some old college buddies. After 2 hours of manuvering through the city because of the gay pride parade, we finally got to my buddies place and we were starving . My buddy suggested Burma Superstar. I'd never had Burmese food before, but had heard good things. So after a 10 minute wait, we were seated. We started with their specialty beer that is mixed with lime and ginger. I highly recommend this btw. After the beer, we ordered the duck noodles, burmese style curry, and the rainbow salad. The rainbow salad, which was featured on the food network, was by far my favorite. It was made up of 20 ingredients or something like that, and was brought out by the server who described each ingredient before mixing it all in front of us. The curry and the duck noodles were also very good, not too spicy I might add. It's a very small restaurant and there is always a line. I would suggest making reservations (that is if they take reservations). Burmese food is like a mix of indian, chinese, and Thai all into one. Good food and friendly servers. I'll definitely be back!
i've never had burmese food...have no idea where burma is. i was visiting my gf is SF...she heard this place was awesome so we went. 2 hour wait...no joke...2 HOURS! was it worth it? yes! we had time to go grab coffee and come back and still wait another half hour. i don't even remember what we ordered...we took the waiter's recommendations on food and drinks. everything that was brought out was great with LOTS of flavor. i'd highly recommend this place to try once in your life just so you can see what the hype is about...if you can get in without a long wait, you'll probably give this place 5 stars.
Yea there is a long wait, but it is well worth it. The food is creative and tastes great. Prices are also reasonable for what you get. This is just one of those places you have to eat at if you are living in or visiting San Francisco.
i've tried half of the menu, nothing is bad. please try the tea salad if you're there because if you don't, i'm going to be very sad.
i love this place. the wait is long starting at around 6:00 pm, i think... if you get there soon after 5 you'll have no problem getting in. and if you show up late and dont get a table, just stick around and they will still seat you at the end of business hours for a late (but absolutely delicious) dinner...i usually order the samusas, shan noodles with chicken, sesame chicken, and a rainbow salad. even the day after the noodles and chicken are absolutely delicious!!!!!burma superstar is a must!
I wish I could remember everything I ate here, because it was all not only scrumptious but fairly distinctive-tasting. Amid the ongoing and incessant craze for Thai food, this outpost of Burmese cuisine stands out as quite different. Unfortunately, the only thing I remember clearly is the mint tea leaf salad, which has been discussed by others here as well. On the other hand, it truly is worth talking about as it's one of the most unusual dishes I've ever had, really unprecedented and unique. The mint definitely provides a different angle, and the toasted sunflower seeds lend an unexpected and pleasing crunchy texture--a great complement. It's a tribute to the tastiness and offbeat-ness of the menu here that I was actually willing to eat family-style when I came with a party of friends (something I rarely do except at the impending threat of bodily harm). There were so many intriguing and enticing dishes here, though, that I really did want to sample a little bit of a variety of things, and my curiosity was well-rewarded here. I might give this place 4 and 1/2 stars if I could. It's true that, like Q up the street, there's always a wait to get a table here, but in my opinion BSS has earned its popularity even more than Q. Definitely check it out if you're in the mood for something different.
okay, all my good friends know...this is one of my favorite places. but i know it's a hit or miss with certain people because they hate the long wait, the higher than average prices for asian food, and some of the more unusual dishes. but still...come here on a weeknight or for lunch, and you save yourself the grief of standing in line. and you have the chance to savor the most delicious curry chicken noodle soup ever :) i didn't know such a wonderful thing existed until i moved to sf. and the samosas are truly marvelous. i saw a lady eat a whole plate by herself once....it was quite a sight to behold. and we always get the rainbow salad, the tangy flavors blend together harmoniously. you might not like some of the heavier dishes as the flavors can get a little too strong, but stick with some of the tried and true, and i think you'll come to love the lovely layers of flavor in every dish. oh and the servers are great! i used to bring so many people and came so often, they recognized me. i think they've forgotten now that i've moved away, but i try to remind them that i was once a local fan.
you have to go to believe the food here.... really out of this world. the samosa soup is unbelievably good, and i practically licked the plate of the curry duck noodles. since the restaurant is a hole in the wall, the wait can be painful, but its well worth it.
spicy!.. if you like that, be sure to tell them though if you don't! the food is good, staff is excellent, price is par! the selection is good, but you still walk out of there wondering, what exactly is burmese food?
I love this place!! The wait can be pretty out of control sometimes but you can always call ahead for pick-up. The service is quick and friendly and food is sooo good! Try the coconut rice and Fiery Chicken and tofu (i get it with no chicken and ask for extra tofu). The tofu is so delicious and the blend of all the different flavors is pretty remarkable. Another great flavor mix is the tea-salad (again, soooooo good!) 2 thumbs up!
This place is one of our favorites. Lots of people from Marin drive into the City for this place. We time our arrival before 6pm so we don't end up waiting hours for a table. There is always parking on Clement if you are willing to walk 3-4 blocks. There is a lot of original food here. VERY different from Mandalay, which is as much Chinese as it is South Asian. The rainbow salad, samosa soup and the tofu tower are all very original and a treat. Be sure to order both types of flavored rice. If you have their sesame beef, you will never be able to order its counterpart in a Chinese restaurant again and enjoy it. Service is excellent and the owner is a very sharp lady who understands cuisine, the eclectic Bay Area palate and how to run a restaurant.
The food is excellent. Don't let the dirty exterior fool you. It's one of the best meals you'll ever have. Tres delish. Must orders are: tea leaf salad, samousa, sauteed string beans, salt & pepper shrimp, and tan poi rice. Don't finish the tea leaf salad, but save some to mix with your entrees and tan poi rice. It adds an extra kick. The combination of these spices will make your taste buds dance. The downsides are it's always packed, cramped space, and there are only 2 wait people. I know when the best time to go is, but sorry, I can't reveal it and ruin my crowd-free eating experience.
i thought this place was a little overrated. the food was good, but small portions and noodles too spicy.
Pour me a Burma Cooler and I'm happy as a clam. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu (but if you have to pick one thing, try the Tea Leaf salad). Don't be discouraged by the bird poo on the awning.
i can't believe the wait here was over 45 minutes on a tues night!!! the good thing is that they take your phone # here and call you when your table is ready. you can then go across the street or wherever else, grab a drink, and then come back when your table is ready. b/t the two of us, we shared the infamous tea leaf salad, the poodi (potato curry) w/ nan bread, the stir fried pea shoots, and the vegetarian superstar noodles. everything was good and came out quickly. my fave was the pea shoots, but that's b/c i love pea shoots in general, and it reminds me of home cooking. by the time the noodles came out, i was so full and only had a bite, but it was tasty from what i recall. beware that it is served room temperature. it said so on the menu, but i forgot by the time the noodles arrived and was kinda surprised. burmese food is the perfect mix of indian and chinese, so it's a good alternative for those who feel indian food is too heavy.
this is a post post review posting. to set the scene correctly, it's about the last meal i had with an ex. and i was on the verge of getting sick (sniffles and such) and it was an unusually cold cold night (er, at that time it was unusual - it's like a tundra in the city right now!) and we waited for TWO HOURS to get in. needless to say, we were hungry and could not wait to eat the meal that was served to us. i remember it to be good, and tasty. i remember it to be awkward and tasty. i remember the service to be swift but not hasty. and you know what else? i think it says you can't call ahead to reserve but actually, i remember phone calls being taken and names being written, so there! call and check 'cause maybe you'll be able to get listed.
Always thought this place was supposed to be top notch because of the perpetual line outside. However, we managed to get in one day just before they close between lunch and dinner service, lucky us... not so much. Our waiter was too busy chatting with some old regular customers who had moved down to SoCal to remember to bring our drink orders until after our meals arrived. We also got to hear all of the conversation with the old regulars as they were seated right next to us. I know space is limited in this city but I'd rather have my privacy and wait a little bit longer than feel like my neighbors are sitting in my lap. So about the food, which is supposed to be what's so great about this place... I wasn't impressed. I took home leftovers, which got thrown out a day later because there wasn't any way I was going to be ingesting that horriffic concoction again. And I am the queen of leftovers. So whatever the spell is that Burma Superstar has over everyone else, it didn't infect me, and I'm not too sad about it.
yum yum yum. get the tea leaf salad for sure and the spicy crispy chicken. not sure if that's the correct name. but pretty much everything here is delicious. just don't try to go on the weekends for dinner at all. unless you're there at 5pm on the dot. i once waited for almost 2 hours to get seated. i know what you're thinking..."she's stupid." yes yes i was, but i was craving it. nuff said
burma superStar is a superStar. ***** ordered the Rainbow salad. loved it....could of used more green papaya but otherwise awesome. can't wait to go back. also TIGER beer - YAY!!!
I recently went to Burma Superstar for a friends birthday dinner. I hadn't really heard of the place before going so I went in with no expectations. There was a one hour wait, but then again what good resteraunt doesn't without reservations. There really wasn't an ambiance, it was just an overcrowded busy resteraunt with an asian flare. The menu had some interesting items, but nothing stood out. I really wasn't too impressed by the stewed pumpkin, but I did really like the tea leaf salad though. A salad combining several unique ingredients into one tasty concoction. The rest of our entrees were good, not great. Service was fast and wait staff was polite, but one thing really ercked me. Usually a waiter/waitress will try to pitch you dessert, or at least offer you coffee. We had to ask if they had a dessert menu, the waiter indicated they did and he just stood there. We then had to ask to see the menu! I considered that to be very rude, because he was simply trying to rush us out of the resteraunt. I know there is a horde of people outside, but I'm a paying customer who waited too. Good food, but you can get good food at alot of places in the Bay Area can't you?
YUM! samosas a MUST
im going tonight! coconut rice, walnut shrimp, rainbow salad, that delicious fried custard thing at the end... oh god... im gonna cream my pants!
excellent food. the coconut rice is one of my favorites...always crowded, be prepared to wait for a table.
Great dive Burmese restaurant on Clement. Casual dining. Quick table turnaround. Be sure to order the 7 spice salad! You will be pleasantly suprised at how good it is.
I WENT HURR WAY BACK WHEN LIKE 13 YEars ago before they renovated the place!!! foods good prices are like hella more than like 4 bucks more per dish ,what the fux up with that !! this place was not crackin back then ,really like a hole in the wall place! been there once since they renovated, wait can be fuxin long !! hella folks be mobbin there guess thats why prices went up !!! i like it when it was like way less folks were going, i get to be seated like quick cause when im hungry fux that shiz i dont want to wait!!
such yummy food. burmese food has the best of indian and the best of thai/chinese cuisine. i have only tried a few dishes and can't wait to go back to try others- especially the fermented green tea salad- the table next to ours couldn't say enough about it. weekends expect to wait 30+ minutes. weekdays during lunch and even in the evening i never once had to wait!
can you say "oh my god oh so delicious?!!!!!" and the service is spectacular. i can't believe my burmese girlfirend of 13 years never introduced me to burmese food. ever since i discovered this place 2 years ago, i haven't been able to stop raving about it. i'm finally cured of burmese food deprivation! everything is so flavorful and a little on the salty side (that's probably cause i am a real plain jane) it's perfect with a glass of red wine! everytime i am here, i must have the rainbow salad, catfish chowder and fresh coconut juice. i want to say that i liked everything there, but recently i've tried the tea leaf salad, and it didn't hit the spot for me. sorry! :( but that's the "only" thing that didn't sit well with my taste buds. they don't take reservations so if you don't enjoy waiting forever for a table; go early, stand in line and wait for it to open. you'd be surprise as to how many people do that; i'm guilty as charged! :)
Worth the wait, and try the Pumpkin Shrimp. I just ate there for lunch and then I started fiending for that Pumpkin Shrim 4 hours later. Since I didn't have the patience to wait outside I ordered a full dinner to go.
I don't know why there's so much hype about this place. Sure, the food is good, but it's not spectacular. Maybe it's because one doesn't come across Burmese food as often as Thai, Chinese, Japanese, etc? I don't really understand why people continually rave about Burma Superstar and most conversations I have with people about food/restaurants in San Francisco usually end up with the other party mentioning how fantastic this place is and me disagreeing with them. That said, I really do like the food in some ways, I just don't think it's that great and worth the wait. I've been a few times now and apart for the infamous wait, the service has bordered rude and pushy. I know there's a lot of people outside but please let me enjoy my dinner and not feel like I have to wharf it all down in 10 minutes or less. The actual dishes themselves sound a lot better on the menu and have left me rather disappointed. The dish I got last night was tofu with chilies, red bell pepper, and basil. The tofu looked like the baked tofu from whole foods and didn't taste fresh (have they even looked for fresh tofu on Clement street? I bet there's tons!). The other main component was red chili. As in the kind you usually push aside and don't eat because it's used to spice the dish. There were slivers of red peppers sliced so thin I thought they were more chilies, so there really weren't any veggies in the dish at all. It was a heaping pile of baked and sauteed tofu with dried red chilies, plus a neat pile of oil at the bottom. I'll probably be back because I really, really want to like this place and because I never choose to eat here- my friends do and I come along for them, not the food.
Go here!  Call in advance to get your name on the list or plan on going to the Plough and Stars to play some pool and drink beers while you wait. You must order the rainbow salad and the samosa soup.  You will immediately become addicted and find your own way to distract you during the abusrdly long (but worth it) wait when you return, time and time again. And it's cheap!!!!!!
Awesome!!! Food was great!!! Little place. Had to wait but it was worth it. You guys do it right.
We had not been back to this place in perhaps 10 years (or several thousand yelp reviews ago). It used to be a quite plain linoleum table sort of dive providing decent food at very reasonable prices. It was a real shock to see the "Michelin rated" sign inside the door, much fancier decor, and the place packed with people. References to the Food Network are now on the menu.  I was less than impressed with the tea leaf salad, which contained far too much lettuce so that it was really more of a lettuce salad with tea leaf salad ingredients as dressing. Rather underspiced (all the lettuce does not help). There are far better examples of this dish within walking distance of this restaurant. Our main courses were fine (Fiery vegetables with tofu, Burmese catfish curry), but nothing spectacular. The noise level was far too high. Service fair (I had to ask several times to get my beer). $52 (with tax and tip) for three dishes and one beer. Some things don't get better with time, and this is one of them. We thought it was overhyped, likely twice the price it used to be for food that seemed less interesting than before.
decent, heavy (even the healthier choices), pricey
went here after visiting the legion...and it was a perfect ending to a museum day. We dropped by around 2 pm and knew it must be good as there was still a significant line. I was impressed that they moved through the line pretty quickly and the wait gave us time to peruse the menu....we tried the Samusas, the Rainbow salad, the coconut chicken soup, the Pork and pumpkin stew, the lamb curry, and a noodle dish with duck (i forget the name). Everything was so delicious...the only thing that was a little below par was the coconut chicken soup.... but everything else was amazing! This is definitely worth a trip out to the Aves!
Get the hearty Burmese soup with the falafel and stuff --- forget the name of it. But hit this place for lunch only. At night it is mobbed with couples waiting for a table and more or less the same dishes (and same size) are available up to 3pm for almost half as much $
I've been coming here for over four years now, and I'll never get tired of it. for four years I've ordered the same dishes almost every time. I've deviated and explored different dishes, and I've never been disappointed. one dish i cannot live without is the tea leaf salad. i recommend it to anyone and everyone. although i have tried their other salads, which were all very good, the tea leaf is by far my favorite. i could eat it every day (and i have done so from time to time). as mentioned in other reviews, the complexity and perfect balance of the flavors is what really makes it worth while. not only in the tea leaf salad but in all their food. nothing is ever too salty, not enough seasoning, or just plain blah. I've never been disappointed here, and that is why i love this place so much and will continue to do so. although i do hate waiting almost two hours for a table (don't expect to be seated right away every time, if at all), I'll still do it just because the food is that good. there's always a crowd outside waiting to be seated, and there is a reason. it's just a really, really good restaurant.
THE GOOD: Spicy, exotic, relatively inexpensive, different. Order everything on the menu with the word "SuperStar" in it. The ginger beer taste like god's sweet nectar. THE BAD: The service staff is not super attentive. Staff is nice, but there are not too many of them. THE UGLY: The wait. No reservations. Its a madhouse on the weekends. Go early, like 5pm, to avoid the wait. And forget about bringing a large crew. I always feel rushed when I'm there because there are so many people outside waiting for a table. The place is also not the cleanest restaurant in the world (but nothing on Clement St is clean), but I have never left with a bellyache, so thats good, I guess.
This place is one of my favorite restuarants, and I even named my car Superstar after it. The wait can be a little long during dinner time, but it's pretty easy to get a table for lunch. The waiters/waitresses are so friendly and don't mind telling new people what everything is. The prices aren't bad at all, and I crave their Rainbow Salad days after I've eaten it. The paluda is an acquired taste...the rose flavor reminds some people of soap, but I think you should try everything at least once! Their pumpkin curry isn't as good as the one at Mandalay Bay, but the samusas are yummy and I love how you can add a Thai Iced Tea for just a buck.
the waits are re-donk-u-lous so consider take out but the food is darn tasty
fantastic, authentic burmese food but a painful wait, every day of the week. tip: call ahead and they gladly put your name on the wait list... unless you want to wait an hour
Good food, not expensive, nice interior gains three stars. One extra star attributed to the rainbow salad, yes a salad can earn whole extra star, it is that good! However, the rest of the dishes were OK but nothing new. I find close resemblance to a lot of home-made Indian style food. In my opinion food is somewhat greasy as I know it can be cooked better or equivalent with less oil, but again it is perhaps the mass production that makes it too oily. I would have really taken away half a point for being unnecessary oily and the long wait, but I will give it another chance before I knock it down.
tasty place. but not worth the wait. sure, you can go across the street and wait and put your cell phone on the list, but it doesn't live up to the hoopla. the rainbow salad is awesome. i really liked it, but the other dishes that we ordered were good, but not really all that outstanding. in stead of waiting in the queue, it would be better to just head to other burmese restaurants and not deal with the crowds. or get take out.
this is one of the best restaurants i've ever been to. especially at the price. i must have gotten lucky i've been ~10 times and never had to wait more than 5 min for a table. tea leaf salad, rainbow salad, samusas, samusa soup, and the coconut fritters/ice cream are my highlights/recommendations. the entrees (that i've had) are good but these appetizers/desserts are better. i would attempt to say more but words don't really justify this place.
I was afraid of coming here since most reviews said that it was nearly impossible to get a table. But we came in within 15 minutes of them opening and there were enough tables,but by the time we ordered there were non and people were lined up outside. We had the tea leave salad, this is the best salad I have EVER had, the combination of fish the lettuce with the sunflower seeds and soy beans with that paste was incomparable, such great flavour was packed in that dressing mixed to perfection and spiced up just right. We also had the pumpkin curry with prawns, this was also great I did not expect such a great dish like this would be so simple, I loved it. Then we had the traditional burmese curry with lamb and this was also great but not as good as the pumpkin one. We ordered the chicken with basil, this was ordinary like thai food, so I was not thrilled except for the fact that hte chicken was moist and tender. This was accompanied with their famous coconut rice which was worth the wait. The sangria was good but weird. Overal this was the best place we had and we went to nepalese and cambodian restaurants as well. I hope they have these around LA.
oh burma superstar. you used to be my favorite. until you made me spazz out. now i can only dream of your succulent rainbow salad with 22 different ingredients, your enticing samusa soup, and amazing curries. i don't know what it was that made my heart go crazy and my colon go to town. but you and i are on a break. it may be permanent....but i will never forget you. :(..
i was super impressed with this place. we started with the tea leaf salad which is very tasty. best thing on the menu. i liked having a different taste in food - very unique flavors. it's worth the trek out to taste the flavors of this place.
our party of three was seated right away at 11:30 am on a saturday. i had a ginger lemonade, but it tasted like plain lemonade. i ordered the tea leaf salad which came out in like two seconds, even before the chicken samusas for appetizer. the samusas and it's accompanying sauce was good, but i prefer a dough crust (more indian?). also i think it i would've enjoyed it more as vegetarian. my friend suspected the chicken parts used weren't the best. so then i slowly ate my salad. i was delighted with the presentation and mixing. unfortunately i wasn't so impressed with the taste. it was like a bunch of things mixed together that didn't want to be mixed. or maybe i don't have an appreciation for tea leaf. then my friend's order of catfish chowder arrived. it looked like a bunch of mush in a bowl. it also tasted like a bunch of mush in my mouth. i was pretty much done trying to eat my salad and we were still waiting for the third entree of sesame chicken. it took like 45 minutes, ridiculous. but it was tasty. overall i was disappointed with the food, service, abundance of other people's great reviews including my two companions, but i probably won't be coming back.
you haven't lived if you haven't had a PARTY IN YOUR MOUTH! thanks burma superstar!
