my friend and i came here to celebrate getting through a tough exam season. we had a great night! it was a spontaneous decision to get get a nice dinner, and in SF on a friday night with no reservation, it can be tough to be spontaneous for a restaurant of this caliber. we arrived at causwell's and they seated us right away! it was a pleasant surprise. it actually really pleased me to see families here as well as younger, trendier couples... i like it a lot when the staff of a restaurant can adjust to different types of clients and make everyone feel welcome and enjoy the restaurant! not sure if their menu changes, but here is what i would recommend:-the house-made ricotta with honey and rosemary and flatbread (THEY REFILL THE FLATBREAD FOR FREE!)-the braised beef with pomegranate and brussel sprouts-corn bread with sea salt!!those are some of my favorite foods/flavors ever and i thought they were executed perfectly here! oh, it was sooooo yummy. definitely coming back next time i'm in the area.i give the ambiance, service, and food 10/10. plus i have seen their burger consistently rated #1 in SF in various online rankings.
supposedly one of the best burgers in the city! came here on easter with a gf after attending easter service at canvas right next door (amazing church, people, and service..and im not even christian..anyhoo...) had a 1 pm reservations, but they were packed, so we waited about 10 minutes outside. it's a cozy little restaurant - good sized bar area and a 6-person communal table, and 2- and 4-tops in an adjacent dining room.. i probably wouldnt come here with more than 4 people...brunch menu is simple to navigate, especially when your heart is set on trying the americana burger (although the brunch burger looked good too!)..but it was my first time, so lets stick with what theyre known for. my gf got a bloody mary and i the salty dog - sake with grapefruit and salted rim. YUMMM! i could easily drink like 18 or 19 of these (but stuck with one).. so grown up!waiting for the burger was agonizing, but it came out pretty quick! and ohhmyyy is it BEAUTIFUL. 2 patties, cheese, causwells sauce, sesame bun - side of greens - i knew it was going to be delicious before i took a bite. and then i took a bite, and couldnt stop eating it until it was gone :) we thoroughly enjoyed this meal! service was a bit slow since it was so busy...
Relatively new, this brunch place was a definite catch. I ordered the pork hash with an over easy egg and added avocado as well. The pork was soft and delicious! A tad too much potato, so I was full very quickly. One of my girlfriends ordered the biscuits and gravy. The gravy was amazing. Paired with scrambled eggs, perfect combination for the morning brunch. My other friend ordered the brunch Causwells burger which tasted very rich and dense but she loved it. Would come again, but I'd like to try their dinner menu!
It was President's Day in San Francisco, and just as you would not expect, nothing was open. We walked to Ella's in Presidio Heights and arrived at 2:45 (they close at 3), only to find them closed. D'oh! I was so hungry, I was starting to become angry (hangry). We hastily checked the Yelp app for open restaurants serving breakfast, brunch, or-well-anything! We dialed up Causwells, and they informed us that not only were they still serving brunch, but that they had a special holiday brunch menu. Yay! They even placed our name on the waitlist, despite the fact that we were not there. Yay x 2! We began to make our way to Causwells (about 20 minutes away). And after the hike up, up, up a steep hill to the Marina, I was all out furious. No fuel, no food, no bueno. When we arrived, Causwells was semi-packed. It was a beautiful day, so folks were seated outside as well as in. I was surprised to find that there were a lot of children there, but it's a holiday and the Marina, so I guess it makes sense. We were sat immediately. I ordered the Shacksbury cider (or whatever the hell it's called) and the boyfriend ordered a Crabbie's ginger beer on ice, which is always a good choice, especially on an unseasonably hot day in San Francisco. We decided to start with the deviled eggs with smoked trout and the cauliflower soup with brown butter. I love that cauliflower is in season right now, because every place seems to be serving cauliflower soup, but with the addition of brown butter, you know I had to have that! The deviled eggs were outstanding - I was a little skeptical of the smoked trout addition, but it totally worked, and gave the dish a little something egg-stra. (Ugh) For entrees, I ordered the lunch cheeseburger with no bun. FYI, I'm not eating carbs right now (I prefer to drink my carbs via alcohol). It was still super yummy, juicy and cheesy. My boyfriend got the pork hash, which I also thought was delicious. With my entre, I tried a blood orange gose beer they hard on the canned/bottled beers menu, which was simply wonderful. I want to go back just for that beer! Keep in mind that Causwells serves beer and wine only, so if you are in need of harder, you'll have to look elsewhere. Overall, Causwells was a huge win for us on the holiday weekend. It's a really cute place in the Marina that is definitely worth a visit or two or three. The prices are standard, the service is great (despite my pain in the ass boyfriend requesting to move tables), and the crowd is chill. Seems like it gets crowded, so get there early in the a.m. or later in the p.m. Delicious!
Only two things will bring me to the Marina:(1) The Mr. Marina Competition: bit.ly/1mVywMc.(2) A good burger. The Mr. Marina Competition kinda reminds me of the Save By The Bell episode where Bayside holds a date auction to raise money sans Slater's mullet. Them dimples though!Ok, back to that burger...So Causwells supposedly has a spectacular burger. It's so spectacular that it has been featured on Eater, Thrillist, SFist AND 7x7 as being one of THE very best in SF (and in America). Needless to say, my expectations were high. When I took my first bite, I thought the burger angels were going to play on their harps and unicorns were going to dance in my mouth. Alas, Causwells' Americana Burger ($15.99 + $1.50 bacon) is just a fancy In-N-Out Double Double or Big Mac, on par with Super Duper: bit.ly/1N5XwF6. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that but why go all the way to The Marina when you can just go into any one of the six Super Duper locations in SF? Instead of one thick patty, the Americana Burger has two thin ones and they only cook the burger medium well: bit.ly/1Zj9Fxo which is a cardinal sin IMO. Team medium rare!The burger was juicy (high fat ratio?) but excessively salty, greasy, and heavy. I love animal spread but the Causwells sauce (thousand island dressing based) made it unnecessarily heavier. No one eats a burger for health but only one of my friends (out of 5) could finish their burger and only because he didn't eat the entire day. Leftovers went uneaten. Don't get me wrong, the burger wasn't terrible - just terribly overrated and overhyped. But...Those accompanying onion shoestrings were like crack especially with Sir Kensington's ketchup. I would have gladly face shoveled an entire tray and forgo the burger.My pick for best burger in SF is Rove Kitchen, where the chef uses a chuck, ribeye, and shortrib blend for his thick patty that is cooked to a perfect medium rare and served between house-baked buns: bit.ly/1Bnfq1K. We also shared the following small plates:+ Baby Kale Salad w/ baby yam, bacon, cured yolk, mustard ($13): bit.ly/1J1DzUZ.My favorite dish of the night next to the onion shoestrings. The salad was perfectly dressed and I really enjoyed the sweet yams and salty bacon bits. Didn't taste or see any yolk though. +/- Crispy Pork Belly w/ apple, fennel, baby yam, horseradish crme ($15): bit.ly/1OgSB8qYou can never go wrong with pork belly - pork flavored butter with a crunchy chicharron-like skin but at $5 a cube, this was overpriced. You can get a big mound of lechon kawali for less than this. - Deviled Eggs w/ smoked trout, paprika, mustard ($6.25): bit.ly/1PVjHlMMediocre compared to Marlowe/Park Tavern, Wayfare Tavern, and Hog & Rocks' deviled eggs.- Creole Shrimp w/ crispy cornmeal, scallion ($16): bit.ly/1W57bmaEhhh, tasted more like an Indian dish than a Creole one. The small shrimp (5 pieces) were overcooked and rubbery, and at more than $3 a pop, it was another overpriced dish.- Shacksbury Classic Cider, ABV 6% (Draft - $9): bit.ly/1nmsog7Tasted watered down.Without a doubt, the service surpassed the food. 5 star service from the welcoming hostess, amiable and attentive server and busboy - our plates were quickly cleared and water glasses were always refilled. Kudos to them because they rocked!The space is small and lively with seating for about 22-24 in their narrow dining area, 2 communal tables, and bar seating. There's also outdoor seating with heated lamps (yay for dog-friendly seating!). Not recommended for large groups over 6. The bathroom is located next to a two-top so it was awkward having to hover over a couple's table while waiting the restroom to become vacant. I'm sure it's far more awkward for them so do request a table away from the restroom. Maybe my friends and I visited Causwells on an off night but we thought that collectively the food was exceptionally mediocre and overrated. I felt bad for even suggesting this place for dinner because my friends came all the way from the Peninsula and South Bay. We should of went to nearby Spaghetti Bros instead. At least we could have bro'd out with the Mr. Marina contestants there... My vote goes to Mark, the aerospace engineer holding the adorable golden retriever puppy: bit.ly/1lvGRnY! Take my paycheck!
Great burger place! The customer service is awesome here. They seated us about 30 mins late but they were really apologetic and even gave us complimentary appetizer and drinks. The burger by itself was really tasty and super juicy. It was a pretty big portion as well. I was really satisfied after. Overall, really good burger spot with excellent customer service!
Yes, this place totally lives up to the burger hype. It's everything I want and more in a burger; the bun, the American cheese, the crispy bacon, the sauce, complete perfection. However, paying $18+ is not the most ideal price especially for lunch. $4 for onion straws...I'm getting robbed. The price is the only thing that detracts from my review but the burger was solid and I'll probably be back for another round. We also had the deviled eggs with smoked trout that were sinfully good. Overall, I was very pleased with the quality of the food and service. Everything seemed fresh and perfectly seasoned. Service was quick, friendly and efficient. I'll be back but I'll make sure it's on the week where I get paid.
Causwells is located in a very beautiful part of town near the marina. We came here for brunch on Saturday morning and were seated right away on the patio out front. The server was very friendly and made our dining experience pleasant.  The breakfast burger was awesome, my husband bailed on his breakfast for half of my burger. He had the 2 egg plate with bacon, potatoes, and 5 grain toast. Our friend had the belgium waffles which he described as "perfect." Tip: order a mimosa and take time to walk down to the marina after your meal...delightful.
I had to try the much talked about burger at Causwells.I couldn't snag a popular weekend reservation time so I arrived early and had a drink at their bar while waiting for a table. The bartender was cool and super down to earth. A table opened up and we were promptly seated! The menu had a lot of appealing options. We went with the popular choices: deviled eggs and the burger. No sharing! Everyone got their own burger (with additional avocado and bacon because why not). Eggs were creamy. And the burger was so good. Thin patties, cheesy, juicy - delicious. The crispy thin onion strings were okay, they reminded me of a carnival. Probably could've skipped them entirely! Definitely coming back even though it's a $$ burger.
Appetizers were all standard (heirloom tomato salad, ricotta, and ribs) - they were fresh, had good balance but nothing specialThe main thing I wanted to try was their famous burger. In a nutshell, the beef had an amazing crisp exterior yet retained a moist flavorful center. It reminded me of eating an elevated 4x4 from In N Out. The price point is a little steep in comparison but on its own I thought it was pretty rock solid. Overall ThoughtsSolid burger, appetizers not so much
Fab burger! Everyone has their opinion on the qualities of a great burger. My preference is two thinner patties, basic toppings, melted cheese and a fresh great warm bun! So I think their burger is great, they serve it with these crisp thin onion rings. I have also tried other items on the menu they did not disappoint.
Causwells gets 5 stars not for the burger but for being a class act. On my first visit, I can only give the burger 3 stars. My purpose for coming to Causwell's was specifically for the burger. I had read quite a bit about Causwells on my Zagat email, 7x7, and Bay Area Bites. All spoke highly of the burger. And since having a great ostrich burger in Napa, I thought it was time to check out a great beef burger. Let me state the meat was excellent, great texture and crust. The problem was a lack of seasoning, no salt ( burgers love salt). Further, the special sauce was not noticeable, at least not to me. Now clearly, every kitchen has their off days, but the burger is their signature dish, so consistency is key.After finishing the burger, two ladies came up to me and asked me how I liked the burger? I told them It lack seasoning and I couldn't taste the sauce. Low and behold, one of the ladies was the owner. You know she took the burger off the bill. That was quite a surprise to me. Be sure, I would have been happy to pay for the burger. I actually felt guilty that I wasn't charged. Causwells is clearly a restaurant with Class.Now let me get on my soap box for a minute and talk about the lack of consistencies in restaurants. Not just Causwells, but 90 percent of most of the restaurants around. The main problem is the kitchen staff. These days when I check out a restaurant I want to see the mix of the kitchen staff. If I don't feel comfortable about the staff, I normally move on. I have to say while sitting at the bar at Causwells, before receiving my burger, looking into the kitchen, I wasn't super confident. But as stated earlier, it was probably an off day.Understanding that cooking for the public is an exceedingly difficult task, it's crucial that restaurateurs hire people who have a love and passion for cooking. Unfortunately, most of the people on the line (in the kitchen) look at their job as a chore, just labor. Thus, inconsistencies.Frankly, I've gotten to the point where I would like to see a posting on the restaurant window of those working in the kitchen along with their experience.I will certainly return for another shot at the burger.
Nice spot for a sunny afternoon if you get a table outside. Their burger with onion strings is very very good. No wonder everyone around us was ordering the burger, I mean everyone! The rest of the food was good but not as good as their burger.The thing I didn't like so much was their bread pudding. The sauce is too liquid for my taste.Will come back for the burger though :)
I'm still on the hunt for a GREAT burger in the city and I thought Causwells would be the solution to my #firstworldproblems. The burger looks great on many food bloggers instagram accounts BUT to my disappointment i was let down.at $14 a pop the burger was juicy but very unforgettable. The only thing i remember was paying $14 for a burger with salad on the side??! I wonder if i could have gotten potatoes instead? Great customer service and atmosphere. Smaller than i thought it would be. Great mimosas (not unlimited).i probably wont come back here again.
We arrived at Causwells after running the Nike Half Marathon thinking, well it's close by and fairly well rated. So let's go! But overall...I wished we didn't come here. Efficiency and effectiveness is not their forte for service and their food was just ok. I won't be coming back for sure.Parking - Well we actually walked from the Presidio as the bf had already found parking there as he waited for me and my friends to finish running our half marathon, but parking will be tough as it's all street parking.We arrived and they basically told us half an hour...it was not half an hour. After seeing two open 2 table seats they couldn't just ask the people who just sat down to move so that we could get a 4 person table..no no no, they said, the table next to one of the open 2 person tables would soon be out as they already had their bill. Well news flash, they were taking their pleasant time talking and didn't even look at their bill or put any kind of payment. So instead of the easiest solution, the hostess did nothing. We waited another half hour for another group to leave to finally get seats. We were already ready to order and get going, but it took more time for the waitress to get to us to order. I wanted to die. I was so hungry. Our burger was juicy and delicious and the donut bread pudding was a downer cause it was spiced and not so great. Also got the waffles with seasonal fruit but was disappointed when it came as their seasonal fruit were some pomegranate seeds...Did I mention there was no water refill the whole time?Even if the food was mind blowing, I don't think I'd ever come back again just because of how we were treated. But if you do go, make sure to get reservations because others who came after us, just sat right away due to it.
I'm writing this review as the first of my 2016 new year resolution to finally give back on Yelp! There was no doubt in my mind Causwells had to be my first review since I dine here at least once a week.Diving right in, this is, bar none, the BEST burger I've ever had.Before Causwells opened their doors my favorite burger in town was the Marlowe burger. That burger, served with its magical horseradish aioli, still has a special place in my heart (quite literally); however, the Causwells burger is now what I NEED to satisfy a burger craving.In my opinion, a great burger starts with a fresh bun, and their seeded bun has the perfect amount of softness for allowing every bite to melt in your mouth. The sauce, onion and pickle combine as outstanding complements to the juicy beef patties topped with melted American cheese!I could write an essay on the joy of taking the first bite into the most tender, flavorful burger you'll ever have, but it's just something you need to experience for yourself.If I didn't make it clear enough, their burger is the all-star, but every dish I've eaten here has been fantastic! The staff and service have always been A+ as well.*Side note: I recommend asking for a side of ketchup with the burger--they use an all natural brand named 'Sir Kensington's' that blows Heinz ketchup out of the water. I also recommend ordering the donut bread pudding if you have room for dessert!
I came for the infamous burger as it's on quite a few top burger lists in SF..It's a very solid burger, I'll admit that. But I don't think I would name it the top as I've had better. All subjective though!It's quite hefty, could definitely have been two meals so if you think of it price-wise, it's pretty good! You can definitely share it and try something else if you're coming with another person. Since it's actually multiple thin patties stacked on top of each other, it's easier to eat and evenly cooked and still moist. They did well with bun choice (I love bread so I'm picky!) - if memory serves correctly, I believe it was a brioche bun (YAS) - which definitely held the burger (ugh, soggy, fragile burgers are the worst and thankfully it wasn't a problem here. Savory and delicious but not amaaaaaaazing, in my opinion.I did like that it came with crispy fried onions (vs fries) but they weren't that flavorful or crispy, kind of a waste. Great for pictures though.
When I hear "best burger in America contestant," my ears perk up.I picture it. I salivate a little. I put it on the list.SF has several best burgers. Zuni, Nopa, & Spruce are the classics.Then there's Marlowe, Mason Pacific, ABV, Rickybobby, Bartlett Hall, The Tradesman, 4505 Meats, & Tony's.Yes, Tony's Pizza in North Beach makes a simply & utterly DIVINE hamburger. That guy...So eagerly I booked Causwells to try for myself this latest addition to the City By The Bay's Best Burger landscape.My expectations were high. I know this is a mistake, since then you are just setting yourself up for disappointment. Expect nothing! But who can really do that? My expectations were high.We were promptly greeted & seated for our early reservation.Our server was great. Nice, upbeat, efficient.The food...Deviled eggs.Spare ribs.The burger.The deviled eggs were good, but honestly nothing you haven't had before. You get 3 different varieties. One classic, one w avocado mousse & toasted farro, one w smoked trout. The star was the toasted farro. What a unique & fabulous touch.The spare ribs...All the right stuff; cooked well & tender to the bone. But the sauce, while good for sure, lacked in depth of flavor. The accompanying coleslaw was fresh & light, w a citrusy tang. Not heavy or drowned in a watery or mayonnaise based dressing. Now, the reason we came...The Burger.Aesthetically it is rather magnificent. It's simply & classically done, not overridden w toppings that could be included in a brunch Bloody Mary & considered a meal. It was also cooked perfectly; neither underdone or overdone. Kudos for this.But taste wise? It was very good. But we both agreed that it didn't seem to be "best in the country" good. That's an awfully big distinction.Service, from the hostess & waiter to the bus boys, was top notch.Solid.3 stars.
Love this place! So glad we found this place for dinner after spending some time at nearby Chrissy Park. First of all, the atmosphere is great. It's a well designed/styled place where you can come casually dressed and have a laid back meal. Dim lighting/candles, great music (remixed Phoenix and Ellie Goulding), marble countertops and tables. Sometimes it's just nice to be casual at a nicer restaurant. They also did a good job with maximizing the space they have. The intimate table set up just works for them. As for the food, also great. Farm to fork, not surprisingly. We chose to sit at the bar to avoid waiting for a table. The bar is awesome, full service. We started off with the corn bread for the appetizer. It was rich and moist and had a layer of herbs baked in. Very tasty. For dinner, I got the boneless short ribs with roasted vegetables...very flavorful and tender. I was incredibly pleased with the meal (and service too). You can also have any of the menu items served family style...great for sharing. I read that they also make an incredible burger and donut bread pudding. I will definitely stop by again when I'm in the area. Highly recommended!
Celebrated my dear friend Ally's 24th birthday dinner at Causwells last weekend. The ambience was pretty cool, and the servers were very friendly. I wasn't sure what to order but I ended up with the burger (with bacon and avocado) which was really good. We had Deviled Eggs on the side which were amazing, I hated that I had to share the other two eggs. The risotta wasn't my favorite, but it could just be me. Ally had the flounder, which ended up being my favorite dish for the night! Highly recommend this place!
If you have ever wanted to taste a $18.49 burger for lunch, this is your chance. $15.99 gets you a double beef patty (cooked medium-well, you get no choice, don't even try) on a seeded bun plus $1 for avocado and $1.50 for thickly sliced bacon. Work was paying so I treated myself...otherwise good luck prying even $11 out of my hands for a burger. Burger came with lightly dressed greens (just greens, no distractions). I don't know why I ever bother ordering hush puppies, which are always dry, and these were no exception. I liked the ham flavor, although it was too overpowering to others. The ricotta with honey was absolutely delicious, and it took all my restraint and social graces to not spoon it continuously into my mouth directly from the plate.Bottom line: solid food, cute hipster space, great if someone else pays.
Packed on a Friday night, I had the honor to dine here for a beautiful, decked out 5 course meal with wine pairing. The service is excellent here. The general manager was super sweet and gave us complimentary house made ricotta spread on chips. Our server was cool and professhh! The food was overall delicious. I would probably go with my own wine choice next time, than do the pairing but it was a nice experience. The recommendations:-- Burger is amazing! Yes, I said it. It's the classic all American cheese burger w/ American cheese, 2 juicy patties, soft white sesame bun, and a side of onion strings! Pricey but worth it! -- Trout was super homey and hit the spot. I loved the crunchy skin texture of the fish. It was served over beans, tomatoes, and savory broth. Very well done! -- All-star donut bread pudding was so delicious. It tastes like a warm cinnamon toast crunch bread over milk. Definitely hit my sweet tooth craving for sure! Amazing service! Girls night out spot. Date night worthy. Or even dine alone at the bar solo for some am quality me-time. Overall, great ambiance for a causal fun meal that fits any agenda.
Corn soup - 2/5Cornbread - 4/5 - Nontraditional. Light and herby. Could use honey butter instead of regular.Carrots - 5/5 - Pistachio and mint went well together with the olive vinaigrette. Baby back ribs - 3/5 - While the sauce was unique, it really wasn't to my liking. Very tender though. Burger - 5/5 - Really solid burger all around. Patty had good flavor, crumbly and intentionally medium well. Added bacon and avocado. Good bun. Instead of a side they give you a mountain of really tasty fried onion strings which you can treat as both fries and a topping. Normally this burger would be an for me but the onions add an extra point here.Donut bread pudding - 5/5 - Exactly what it sounds like but it also comes in a small pool of nutmeg milk. Very unique and very good.Overall, for a number of their dishes Causwell's is "as good as it gets."
Brunch burger: Good burger, runny yolk, crisp baconDeviled eggs: 3 halves, a little saltySolid place, but for the wait and price... Unless there's no wait, keep looking.
I love the Ricotta dish! It's my favorite on Chestnut street. The Salmon Sandwich is way better than what it might sound like, it's crispy salmon with soft bread, it's so good! Pluss for great service too!
After a couple months of hype and some shy away's from some extensive wait times we were finally able to sneak into Casuwells. After months of yelping and thrillisting their much adorned burger, I am sad to report at I was moderately underwhelmed. Note underwhelmed, not disappointed.The brunch burger was the only option available. The bacon, the egg, the patty, were all perfectly cooked and married to the onion and pickle, but it was all rather one dimensional. Nothing screamed "this burger is special" to me. It tasted like a homemade big mac (which isn't necessarily a bad thing). It's just that I expecting an epically awesome throwback to your flat-top grill 1950's diner kind of burger.The deviled eggs were pretty good though, and the service was also quite good.Good burger, just don't get your hopes up. Super Duper a couple blocks away is just as good.
Delish burgers (brunch and causwells burger)! Loved the atmosphere and energy. Friendly staff. The only thing that was missing for me was FRIES FRIES FRIES! I need skinny crunchy-on-the-outside pillowy-on-the-inside fries with my burger! Is that too much to ask?
Confirmed. Best burger in the city. Looking forward to their new location opening on Market street because it's closer to where I live.
I was seated quite quickly. One of my favorite burgers in SF. It is an upscale in-n-out. Meat quality is superb and the onions were absolutely delicious. And the hush puppies were also extremely good.
Best burger in San Francisco. Period.A quality staff and a rave-worthy burger presentation in a laid-back setting make this unquestionably the best deal in The Marina and arguably San Francisco's best hamburger.
I came here by complete serendipity and stumbled upon one of the BEST burgers I have ever had. Firstly, the burger is pretty generously portioned. There are several thin burger patties that are moist and flavorful. The sauce is very reminiscent of in-n-out. There is a generous amount of grilled onions and american cheese, but it isn't each ingredient that makes this burger a ten out of ten knockout. It's the combination of everything into several incredibly moist and flavorful perfect and tidy bites. After I finished my burger, I was so stunned that I considered eating another one just to make sure it had happened. I continued to think about this burger months after I ate it. KO
Can't say enough good things about Causwells. Had previously been in with a rough experience and the team here more than made up for it.First and foremost get the hush puppies. 5 is not enough Bc they're so absurdly good. Def eves dropped on our neighbors and told them to order the hush puppies...We both had the amazing burgers that I ate far too much of and tried to save a bite to being home for my puppy! Colin was incredibly knowledgable about all the wine on the menu and couldn't have been nicer! Some of the best food with some of the best people!We're happy and stuffed! Can't wait to come back!
Ehhh... this is a 2.5 for me. The food was decent for that American New style. I had a pork hash that was a decent portion size and had good flavors.We came right after the Nike Women's Half Marathon on a Sunday afternoon. It took them over an hour to seat us, despite a 40 minute quote. They did not give us compensation for waiting the extra half hour. Also, they were seating really inefficiently. While they had a waiting list and took reservations, when a large party didn't show, they gave the seats to another large (walk-in) party instead of seating the smaller reservations that had come first.
I wanted to love Causwell's because I LOVE Flour and Water (I know, highly contested amongst many), but unfortunately, my brunch experience was disappointing. On the positive side, they take reservations on OpenTable, the food was affordable, the space is nice and open and the service was very friendly. * DEVILED EGGS ($6.25) - 3.5 STARS:This side is served with 3 half eggs with three different fillings: classic, avocado, smoked trout. The avocado and classic tasted essentially the same, very standard. But I enjoyed the smoked trout!* FRENCH TOAST BITES ($11.50) - 2 STARS:French toast bites, brandy sauceInteresting, very crunchy and a bit dense and soft in the inside, but too heavy for my taste. * OMELETTE ($11.75) - 2 STARS: Farm fresh omelet,pork belly,sweet onion, potato, provoloneI tasted zero pork belly. It basically was a regular egg omelette with a tiny bit of chopped pork and some cheese.* BURGER ($14.50) - 3 STARS: Brunch burger, egg, bacon,aioliPatty was tasteless, yet the cheese was very salty. The bun was standard and tasted store bought.
I was raised on chilaquiles and the chilaquiles at Causwells will blow your mind with the braised pork and avocado! The Brunch burger was pretty off the charts too! Freshly squeezed juice and by juice I mean Mimosas.
This review is for a reservation this past weekend. Upon arriving it was not overly busy, once we got seated we had to wait almost 15 mins to get a drink ordered and that was because we had to ask someone. So customer service could have been better to start.Once we put the order in we both tried the burgers, ricotta, and corn bread with cultured butter, and two ciders from beer week.The food was good. The burgers were HUGE as the pictures showed them and definitely juicy. A little overpriced. Considering the food isnt organic $75.00+tip for two burgers, ricotta with lavish chips, and two corn breads with two ciders is a bit much. Had the customer service been better might have rated it a bit higher. Idk if we would return.
~ Causwells That Endswells ~EATKINGLet us from dish to dish this story know,To meat the even truth in pleasure flow.To DINNERAIf thou be'st yet a fresh CORNBREAD flour,Choose thou thy entree, and I'll pay thy dower;For I can guess that by thy ICED TEA aidThou keep'st a menu herself, thyself hangrayd.Of that and all the PORK RIBS, more or less,Resolvedly more courses shall express:All yet seems well; EXTRA RARE RIB EYE so meat,The dessert menu, unwelcome is the sweet.FeedishEATALOT
I am so in love with Causwells it's dangerous. Not only is the food amazing, but the service is impeccable. Everyone here truly cares about your experience.Last night I tried the deviled eggs. The one topped with smoked trout was my favorite!! I also devoured the house made ricotta with honey. (So good I scraped the plate!! Don't tell my mother!)
I've heard so much about their burger amongst many things. It's true, their burger was delectable. Crispy edges of the patties with a healthy serving of pliable cheese in every bite cradled together by their lightly toasted bun. Fried onion strings in replacement of fries, nice change. Friend ordered a bacon add-on (1.50), why did I decide to save the calories?! Bacon made the burger even better! Ordered shishito peppers $7-8. Small order that was baked or grilled, not bad. I'll try the deviled eggs next time! We ordered 2 beers, 1 wine, 2 burgers, peppers. The bill came close to $70. Super friendly and knowledgeable staff. No noses were up in the air while be served. One unfortunate mishap tho, kitchen forgot to add onions and lettuce onto my burger so I snatched some of my friend's. Such a fun restaurant, I like the street patio seating, inside's a little loud for me. Can't wait to come back!
Love the Americana burger. Something about the heaping pile of crispy onions and perfectly toasted sesame buns was just so very satisfying. It's shareable, but if you're feeling adventurous, then have at it. You'll have no regrets. Also really enjoyed the ribs and the crisp beers on what was a rare warm SF evening. Cool, chic spot. Awesome burger.
Ordered the omelette which had chicken , cheese and Chinese broccoli. Delicious without being overly heavy. Food is great, service and mimosas are on point, overall awesome brunch place.
Came to this little place on Chestnut for date night during the work week. Like most of the other reviewers, we came specifically to check out this so-called famous burger. Burger was pretty good but the bun got very soggy very fast and I've definitely had many better burgers in the city (ahem..Nopa). Service was impeccable but we felt the food came out way too fast - we only had a sip of our beers before it arrived which then left us feeling sort of rushed. Great ambiance, I'd like to give them another try for other menu items or brunch.
$15.75 for three pieces of BBQ ribs is prettttyyy expensive, even for the neighborhood. It was definitely good and falls off the bone, but really...$5 and change for one rib?? The burger was good too, pretty much their version of a suped up Big Mac.
Came in at around 1pm on a Friday afternoon and was immediately seated inside. My bf and I came to see what the whole burger hype was about and was shocked to see that there were only three choices under the "sandwich" section of the menu. :( we ended up ordering the grill chicken and salmon sandwich. Though I would definitely not consider this a burger joint (more of a side order/small plates type of feel), I was surprised at how tasty the sandwiches were! Each dish even came with a side order of mixed greens. Overall, both the sandwich and the greens had an interesting lemon/zesty taste which was not what I was expecting at all!If you're in the marina district, and you should be every now and then, pop in to try it out for yourself! Theres even a bar seating area if you're in the mood for afternoon booze.PROS:-good portion size-outdoor seating-welcoming staffCONS:-bit on pricier side
Came across this gem on Yelp while I was showing my friend around SF - you know, the usual touristy things like the GG bridge and Palace of Fine Arts, both of which aren't too far away from here. I tried to find a place that was "American" but also "San Franciscan".He and I came at a weird time, so luckily avoided any kind of lunch or dinner rush. At first glance, the menu is a bit pricey, but that didn't stop us from wanting to try a bunch of things. Plus, since it's mainly tapas style, it made trying and sharing very easy.Round 1: Deviled eggs. Comes with 3 different kinds, but you can also order all of one type or all or none or anything in between if you want. The salmon was definitely my favourite, then avocado, then classic. Classic wasn't bad, it's never bad IMO, lol, but the salmon definitely had a nice kick to itIn addition to the eggs, also had lavosh. Didn't really know what it was when I ordered it. Turned out to be cracker-like bread with ricotta cheese and honey. Simple fare, but probably m favourite of all the dishes tried! Is it bad to say I'm going to try making this at home now? lolMy friend and I also tried the octopus, mainly just so I could throw something new at him that he hasn't tried before. I've had octopus before at sushi restaurants, and I found this quite similar, except that it was cooked. It was good, but nothing particularly special I think, unless my palate was just adjusted to the other food by then.Finally, there was the rainbow trout (cooked with skin, yummy crispy skin) and shrimp and grits. The shrimp and grits were my friend's favourite - I didn't notice in the description, but there was sausage or something in it as well (which I didn't mind, but my friend couldn't eat), so just FYI.I would have liked to try one of their desserts too, but I think 5 dishes for 2 people was already pushing it, haha.On top of the delicious food, the staff was fab - very friendly and attentive, and happy to give suggestions if you're feeling confused or overwhelmed... or just want suggestions. This place is a bit further than the usual neighbourhoods I hang out in, but I definitely think I'd come back to check out the area and, of course, to come back to Causwells ;)
Ok, I'll pile on... the burger was pretty good. The bun was excellent. Very fresh. The waitress told us it was ranked as one of the top 15 burgers in the country. That seems a little far fetched. It was good but I wouldn't put it that high but that's just me.
Most amazing salad of my life! The kale salad has a nice marry of black eyes peas, roasted sweet potato, pickled somethings and bits of bacon. All tossed with baby arugula, kale and the most flavorful mustard dressing ever! My daughter had chilaqulias and while it was super bomb, a bit on the sour side. Highly recommend this cute little spot.
I'm giving this spot 5 stars based on the burger Jesus wept it's like in and out slipped into some lingerie and invited us into the bedroom ..It's that good The fries or whatever they are ( maybe onion ?) are next level and you really need to wash it down with a few beers.Top stuff I will come again and again - only I don't live here so you should come instead.In a word ... King Kushdy
If a Big Mac that grew up to be a general in the Marine Corps and an "Animal Style" Double Double that grew up to be a Neurosurgeon had a child that was a Heisman winner, flew F22 Raptors, and later became an Astronaut - the result would be a child named: "Cuaswells' Americana Burger"That is what this review is about!* the Ric Flair "wooooo" *~M
To be honest, I was a little disappointed at Causwells. I went there for the beef tartare and donut pudding - and they took beef tartare off their menu, and did not serve donut pudding the night I went - why did I go there?Anyways, back to my dinner at Causwells. With a 4.5-star overall review on yelp I was expecting something really good at Causwells. It was a cute little restaurant, so it's definitely not good for big groups. I made a reservation at 6:15 pm and got seated right away. Realizing that they took beef tartare off the menu, we decided to order the devil eggs, grill octopus and pork belly confit to share. As for the main, we decided to try the burger, because the couple next to our table ordered that and it looked pretty good. I can pretty much use one word to describe my food - salty. Yes, from devil eggs to pork belly to the crispy onions that served with my burger, they were all pretty salty. The food was actually pretty good if it's not because of the over saltiness. The one dish that we enjoyed the most was the grill octopus. It wasn't salty, and the octopus was so tender! I highly recommend that dish.Devil eggs were pretty good except for the over saltiness. It was creamy and good. Pork belly confit was pretty good too (not the salty part). I liked how they paired it with the apple so you wouldn't feel too greasy.I was a little disappointed with the burger. It was alright - I wished I had ordered something else. And the side crispy onion was the most salty thing of the night. It was so salty that we couldn't eat. I did mention to our server that the onion was pretty salty, but nothing he could do I guess. Since they didn't have the donut pudding, we went with the banana bread with mascarpone and "chocolate soup". It was pretty good. Overall my experience at Causwells was alright. It was surely not cheap, and you could probably have some similar food elsewhere.
Decent food, disappointing service. That's the summary. Here are the details:A week ago Sunday, came in around 11:30 with the parents, with a reservation. We were seated promptly and a friendly waiter got things started. A coffee, a tea and some water. Easy, right? Well, the coffee and tea arrived, but my water didn't. So I had to ask again. Then a (tiny) glass arrived.Orders placed - egg white omelette for mom, egg white omelette for stepdad, pastrami hash for me. Food seemed to be a bit slow, and I had downed my water glass quickly and asked for some more. Waiter certainly wasn't walking around filling glasses on his own initiative. My mom's omelette comes, as does my hash, but the waiter apologizes to my stepdad (who, of the three of us, was the hungriest) and said that he messed up and didn't put in his omelette as an egg-white. He'd have a fresh one made for him. Well, that wasn't going to work - he was the hungriest, we our hot food in front of us...so if he waited, we wouldn't even eat together. He told the waiter not to throw out the bad order and he'd eat it. I would understand if this was the only egg-white omelette order at our table...but my mom ordered one too. It shouldn't be that hard to get that right. I think both of my parents thought their food was fine, and I happily scarfed down their salads. My pastrami hash was disappointing - it was about 65-70% potatoes, with the rest eggs and pastrami. I understand pastrami costs the most, but couldn't I have gotten some more eggs at least?I was ready for another glass of water, and after asking, it didn't arrive and I had to ask again. I looked at the table next to us - served by the same waiter - and the couple there had a full carafe of water sitting there. If I'm asking for water constantly, wouldn't you think maybe you'd leave a carafe there for me?The final dish was the doughnut bread pudding. It was by far the highlight of the meal, and also - fortunately - the end of it. The food, by itself, was worth 3 stars, maybe 3+ (counting my parents' dishes). But the service keeps me from considering a return engagement.
This was an unexpected find: we had no reservations, party of 4, and no wait! It's a small place though, so perhaps this is a rare feat for a Sunday evening. The plates vary in sizes, from the annoyingly sparse (duck confit) to the generous entree. I recommend just asking questions of your waiter to determine the best fit for your group and price point. I was a bit irked that the wine list format made it hard to know that the wine we ordered was a blend, and almost sent it back because the label didn't match the menu name. I wasn't sure whether the sommelier meant this, but it seemed kinda dishonest to present a blend as the pricier Grenache grape that only made up 10% of it. This wasn't a cheap meal, but was probably a bit more affordable than A16 across the street and pretty tasty. If I were regularly in the neighborhood, I'd definitely return.
This is the perfect place for brunch on a sunny day! They have a nice rustic feel and service was great. I tried the Americana burger, hash and egg, salad with smoked trout and fresh grapefruit juice. The burger was huge!! It had a good amount of meat with onions and greens on the side. The meat was extremely juicy and not dry at all. The hash and egg was a bit heavy to me. I'm not a big fan of loads of potatoes and meat in the first place but this would be a good comfort food to have on the weekend. The salad with smoked trout surprised me by how flavorful and tasty it was. It had just the right amount of saltiness and crunch. I really enjoyed the grapefruit juice also as it was refreshing and not too tart.
Truly stellar food, great ambience and a great staff to boot. We sat out on the patio with our pup, and even when pooch couldn't hold her lunch (sorry!! seriously...so so sorry), the staff was too kind, and quick to help clean up the mess without judgement or hesitation. And did I mention the food!!! Holy cow. Go for the trout entree for sure, and grab a serving of their homemade cornbread for the table...totally worth cheating on our normally grain free eating habits. Love this place. We'll be back...and we'll probably leave the pup at home next time. :-/
Visited on a Sunday around 130 pm for brunch. Seated immediately and the service was prompt, attentive, and friendly. Add to that a great wine-by-the-glass list, beers on tap, and Mimosas with your choice of fresh squeezed OJ or Grapefruit juice (just a splash, because if you're paying for alcohol, that should be the primary ingredient!), we are SO happy that The Tipsy Pig was too busy to seat us. The menu is full of great options. The server even offered some of their dinner plates as an alternative, even though they were still serving brunch. We ordered the Braised Pork Hash, Brunch Burger, deviled eggs, and the Romaine Salad with smoked trout. All delicious !!! I must return to try the fresh ricotta and donut bread pudding!!!
Regardless of whether you agree with them or not, the Marina lives up to its stereotypes. It's especially the place to be seen on Sunday morning. Everyone is either coupled up or in all female packs. Dressed up as always. We strolled down Chestnut, passing decorative storefront boutiques and the curious once over by our fellow peers. Reaching the other end of Chestnut, we decided to try Causwells for brunch, as there were some open tables and I had enjoyed dinner here recently. We sat at the window and ordered the pastrami hash with a fried egg (the menu is full of options if you're in the mood for eggs) and I chose the French toast bites. The eggs were on point and the French toast was delicious, but more like sugary, cinnamon donut bites than French toast. The service here was gracious and attentive. It's obvious that they care about their customers. The inside is sleek and modern with a mix of high and low table tops. You get the Marina look with a more relaxed, quieter vibe.
Went for brunch. The food was good, but not the best I've had. Atmosphere is nice, and their limited menu was good. I just don't think I'd recommend, but I wouldn't discourage anyone from going.The weird thing is, they have bloody mary on the menu (which I got because I love them so), and it wasn't until after I ordered that I was told they only have a license for wine so it wasn't made with vodka but some type of wine....I am sorry to say I don't remember the description of the wine, but that's pretty much what it was. Still, it tasted ok. Not great, though.If you don't already know, parking in the Marina is awful.
Causwell's was an amazing find! The food was incredible, the service was great, and the ambiance was laid-back and pleasant.My friend and I ordered way too much food, but it was all delicious! We loved the deviled eggs and the ricotta with honey served with lavosh - both starters were very flavorful. Our other favorites were the burger (juicy and bursting with flavor) and kale salad. We also enjoyed the corn bread (quite rich) and creamed corn, though they weren't quite as good as the rest of the items. We also found the alcoholic ginger beers quite refreshing.The service was pretty good, and our waiter was friendly and attentive (and quite attractive, too!).The space is pretty cool - the Art Deco elements are nice, and it has a cozy, casual, welcoming atmosphere. When we asked our dashing server if he knew about the design of the place, he shared some great secrets...like what the restaurant used to be, various design elements that were preserved, some secret passageways, and even more intriguingly, what the light shades used to be...! (Be sure to ask...)Great spot - I definitely want to return! (Especially for the donut bread pudding that sounded amazing that we didn't have room in our stomachs for!)
The food is good, service is hit or miss. The burger is good, but reminds me of in-n-out (that's not necessarily a bad thing). While I appreciate the originality of the accompanying crispy onions, I would rather have fries. The deviled eggs are a great starter at any time. And during brunch the home made biscuits, chilaquiles, and pork belly hash are yummy.Solid neighborhood spot.
It has that European vibe and I like the patio area. I just wish I would have read the reviews on the burger and ordered that instead of the hush puppies and the beet salad. I wasn't happy with the choice of the salad mix. ARUGULA instead of iceberg lettuce, please. Especially since you're charging that much.
Best French toast EVER! I came here for Sunday brunch after hearing that their burgers are to die for. So my friend got a burger and I got the French toast since our server said we should get that. After each bite of the French toast I kept saying it was the best French toast I've ever had and would make the mmmmmm sound after each bite. The French toast was in cubes instead of the normal large pieces of toast. And the outside was crispy and inside moist and soft. It was perfection. Thinking about it makes me want to go to causwells right now! They also add slices of nectarine on top which goes hand in hand with the sweetness of the syrup. Let's not forget about the burger! If you like runny eggs, this burger's buns and patty fit nicely with a sunny side up inside. My friend and I left super happy. I give it 10/10 for brunch. I've also been for dinner and overall really good but not as amazing as the brunch.
one of my favorite places in the city, I just don't travel here as often as I'd like since I'm never in the marina. Everything I've tried on this menu has been super on point - the meat is incredibly tender, and the fish was perfectly cooked. The cozy atmosphere is great for a date or a group dinner with friends. Highly suggest coming here with a small group if you want a casual/trendy/cozy but not too intimate vibe. Worth coming to the Marina for if you can make it out there!
I am impressed how much attention the owner imparts into the selections of his restaurant menu. The food is made with fresh products and have a unique taste. The Americana Burger served with onion strings is what I really wanted to try.If you have ever tasted shake shack burgers you will be surprised that the Americana Burger taste superior. Don't get me wrong I love shake shack.The Americana Burger is unlike any other burger I've ever tasted. The meat is charboiled yet juicy. The bread has great flavor almost like pretzel bread but better and softer. The onion strings were really good.I'm not an alcoholic drinker, so I ordered ginger ale made with real ginger (beverage company from brooklyn). I was told that on the weekends for brunch they have a few selections of freshly squeezed juices.Don't go anywhere else in SF for a burger, head to Causwells !
I went to Causwells about a month ago for a quick brunch. I ordered a very typical breakfast - the two eggs, bacon and toast or potatoes. I thought it was great - nothing "wow," but very good. My partner in brunch enjoyed the burger very much and commented how it is above average good. This is a great spot - it's in the heart of the Marina on Chestnut Street. On a nice day, I recommend going to Causwells, getting some good grub and walking around the cool kids 'hood.
Brunch burger is probably better than the regular burger. I had the regular burger just to compare it to The Company Burger, a burger joint in New Orleans. These two were in competition with each other for Thrillist's best burger in America competition and apparently, the voters chose this. I'd have to disagree though. Whilst still a good tasty burger, I'd much prefer 4505 to this. But if you're in the neighborhood it's still a nice spot. Disappointed they don't serve French fries because that seems standard with a burger, but the side salad is a nice light addition to the meal.
Taking away one star for the non crispy potatoes and pretty pricey, but otherwise 5 star burgers.I went on the Sunday of Bay to Breakers - we go there around 10:15 and got right in, I don't imagine this is normally the case on a Sunday morning. The place is SMALL inside. I would hate that table right by the bathroom.I knew I wanted the burger - but it turns out the "regular" burger is not on the menu for brunch, but I asked and they will make it (yeah!). My friend and I spilt the breakfast burger and the regular burger. We also had a Salty dog cocktail a piece and a side of (mushy, not crispy) breakfast potatoes, I may not have taken away a star if I has not specifically asked for "crispy." The burgers were a tie, the breakfast burger had bacon and an oozing egg, but the regular burger had 2 patties and a nice glue-y (in a good way) american cheesiness. The bun is perfection - might and airy - but does not fall apart. Yum, and the salad was also good, perfectly dressed. It was $66 for 2 burgers, 2 drinks and 1 side.I hear they have spun off a Burger restaurant pop up !sf.eater.com/2015/2/23/8
Best burger! Wonderful service. Solid wine selection. Love it.
After a little bit of a wait it was completely worth it because I had one of the juiciest burgers I have eaten in my life! It was 100% worth the wait and we were well looked after due to this which was completely appreciated and unexpected.I recommend anyone looking for an amazing burger to try it out as it is now in my top 5 list and will definitely be back!
Such a great dining experience from start to finish! It was my last night in San Francisco and I wanted to make sure we had an awesome meal. This spot certainly delivered. We opted to sit outside on this beautiful evening and from there, gorged ourselves in a way that I can only describe dish by dish... 1) House made ricotta, rosemary honey, lavash - Forget the lavash, once that was I gone I was happily eating this cheese with a spoon. It was light, not too sharp and a perfect taste of things to come. 2) Heirloom tomato, jimmy nardello pepper, melon vinaigrette, fried okra - These tomatoes tasted like they had been picked only seconds before. The vinaigrette was perfect and the fried okra added a nice change in texture. Another winner!3) Americana burger, cheese, Causwells sauce, pickle, chips - We came on National Cheeseburger Day so it only seemed fitting to order a burger. We split it four ways and I think my whole table agreed we could have each ate a whole one ourselves. This was one of the best I've had in awhile. I don't know what Causwells sauce is but I want some more! 4) Gulf white shrimp, house made andouille, cajun gravy, Anson Mills grits - A new kind of taste added to the mix! This is exactly what I want for breakfast. Every. Single. Day. 5) Grilled octopus, garbanzo, fennel, chili - I'm an octopus fan and these were thick cut pieces that were perfectly grilled, soft and chewy. 6) Chilled sweet corn, jimmy nardello peppers, goat cheese - This reminded me of a dish I make at home a lot. it was great but not necessarily a not-to-be-missed dish; however, if corn and goat cheese are your favorite foods, go ahead and get it.7) Buttermilk biscuit peach short cake, pickled peaches, peach brandy sauce - The pickled peaches definitely made this dish unique. If you're not a big sweets person, this is a good dessert for you. If you do love a little sugar, opt for the next one... 8) "All-Star" donut bread pudding, spiced milk - Ohmygoodness we're so full but can't stop eating this warm bread pudding. It's what dreams are made of. Looking back, I kind of can't believe we ate so many different things. YOSFO.*The SERVICE. The entire staff was super friendly throughout. If you're ever worried about service being dead, just come here and your faith will be restored. Believe it or not, all of these small plates at up in price (ok, you probably can believe that). Even so, it's the kind of meal you won't feel bad paying a pretty penny for. It's worth it.*You Only San Francisco Once (and that's a lie, I'll probably be back)
What a super dinner. I had the rainbow trout & a beet salad that was out of this world. My service was perfect, Gared my server was very attentive.Cant wait to have dinner here again! Amanda was so gracious. Thanks god such a great dining experience!
A cozy spot in the marina with an extensive list of beer and a pretty decent list of wine from Spain, Portugal, and California. We ordered the arugula salad, bavette, dirty rice with chicken liver, and Monterey squid. All of the dishes were solid: fresh greens, steak not overbooked, the dirty rice with chicken liver was surprisingly tasty. Our favorite was probably the Monterey octopus which is tender, cooked just right, with a good balance of garbanzo beans and salad as complements. I had the Pinot noir by the glass (second from the top), quite good. Worth trying.
Date night. Came here with someone who lives in the area and decided on a place close to his. Came in around 7:45 and there was plenty of space at the bar. Not sure what it's like on a busy busy night. I ordered the burger. It was pretty good. I finished about half of it and some of the crispy onions. The burger wasn't anything special and to write home about, but it wasn't a bad one either. Good bun, great juicy burger, melted cheese. Delicious. The date ordered cornbread, roasted potatoes, and homemade ricotta. I tried the cornbread and it was pretty good. The homemade ricotta was definitely one of the high points. They had this great honey on top and definitely delicious to go with the corn bread or the cracker that came with the dish. Service was really accommodating. We got to our table and ordered, but then the date didn't like where we were sitting since it was right next to the bathrooms so we moved back to the bar. Overall, great little place. Not necessarily a restaurant I would go out of my way to go to, but if I was in the area, I'd go there for some good food.Protip: burger and homemade ricotta.
Delicious! Not too crowded, although the waitress was obviously stretched a little too thin. I had the okra salad which was great! Very interesting flavor combinations.Looking forward to returning to try the burger since it has such rave reviews!
Great food and service. I had the trout with a cornbread side; both which were amazing.  The trout was one of the best I've ever had. Nice red meaty piece, cooked medium rare with a wonderful light skin. Seasoned perfectly. The cornbread was also super fresh with a unique blend of spicy and sweet. Loved it. Everyone was very friendly, fast, and professional.
I've been here twice and really enjoyed both dishes I've had:Americana Burger - a really good burger, like an upscale version of the Big Mac...really flavorful and leaves you satisfied. I'm not a huge fan of the fried onions that arrive with them, but the burger makes up for it.Pastrami Hash - this was a nice, flavorful dish that was perfect for brunch. A good, hearty portion of food with nice pieces of meat, I'd get this one again.Biscuit - It honestly didn't really look like a biscuit, but it definitely tasted like one...a nice buttery flavored bread, I enjoyed this as well.This is a solid spot and it'd be nice to go back soon.
Loved it. Low key. Extremely casual, laid back but super chill.Expect good, home cooked, comfort food.We ordered beers, sweet potato tots, spicy fried chicken sandwich AND our awesome waiter convinced us to order dessert :)All the staff is extremely friendly.Highly recommend.
Came here after a long day watching the Blue Angels. First, they won me over after they sat my party of 5 within 10 minutes. What luck!For better or worse (for my waistline primarily), I've been trying to work my way through the various burgers of San Francisco. I was expecting to like this burger but the outcome was even better than expected. The burger is simply marvelous. It as familiar, wholesome, all-American as one would expect an "Americana" burger to be. Yet, it's so elevated in its execution that I was just blown away. I would actually say that it's the best burger I've had all year. Plus, the fried onions were so addicting. I ate mine and my bf's servings. It took all the willpower not to eat the rest of everyone's too.The one thing that I would say is that I found the service to be slightly aloof and not particularly warm. However, I would cut them some slack since it was Blue Angels day and I'm sure they'd been pretty harangued by the masses. Would certainly go back!
Great food. Ordered 2 entrees and pigged out. Stewed pork and the flank steak. Service was delightful, they took really good care of us. Also the manager I think her name was Alicia was on top of her game.
This is the worst place ever!! For a Friday night the service sucks and the servers were pretty rude too. We stood by the bar to grab a drink while they told us our table would be ready within 10ish minutes to which the bartender told us "You're overcrowding her". It was a couple sitting at the bar and they didn't have anyone next to them so not sure what the bartender was referring to. Every time we asked when our table would be ready, they would say there's one party ahead of you. How many "one party" tables do you have to seat before letting a group of 3 sit down? It seems too coincidental that we were the only group of color while everyone around us was Caucasian and seemed to be receiving a decent service level. Never coming back here again. Seems like they don't know how to maintain good customer service when it's busy late night.
Made a reservation here early on a Saturday evening. We were promptly seated in the little booth at the front by the window.Ordered the trio of devilled eggs, the beef tartare and the salmon. The devilled eggs were pretty tasty and it was unique that each one was different. I think one was topped with smoked fish so that was an interesting combination! The beef tartare was good but not exceptional. The meat was slIghtly browned so may have been prepared some time ahead of being served. I'm afraid my favourite beef tartare in the city still goes to Lolinda! The salmon was excellently prepared and cooked- crispy on the outside but really juicy on the inside. Went really well with the bed of warm corn that it was served on. Highly recommend! For desert we ordered the chocolate deco cake. I think the top half was a chocolate cheesecake and the bottom half a chocolate sponge cake, all covered in chocolate fondant with sea salt on top! This was tasty but super rich- my fianc and I managed half of it and boxed the rest to go. Overall we had a nice meal at Causwell's with attentive, friendly service. I would say that the deviled eggs and beef tartare are overrated here- they are pretty simple dishes that in my opinion are executed better at other restaurants in the city. The salmon on the other hand was perfect and definitely worth coming back for!
So i look to scout out all good burger places - this one was pretty darn good not perfect the staff not that nice. I cant think of a better way. Burger was warm and hush puppies soooo good. I am on a quest as I will be here in SF for a week . Need to try a new place every night . I had the marina burger and Id high recomend
Well, I think I've found my new favorite burger in SF, and it's in the Marina district. Apparently it's not much of a surprise anymore, as I've been seeing the burger pop up on a bunch of national food blogger top ten's recently. For those curious about the burger, to me it kind of tastes like a 3-way cross between an In n'Out Double Double, a Smashburger, and a patty melt without the onions. The bun is slightly chewy and really blends in with the gooeyness of the cheese mixed with the crusty edges of the beef. It's really quite a burger.Causewells has a lot going for it. It's run by folks who know restaurants (Delarosa is one of their other joints), and they have a casual, laid back atmosphere that lasts all the way until the daily midnight time.
Stylish little restaurant and bar with great bar service.They serve wines and beers, but no hard liquor. Interesting menu that we did not partake in, but it looked unique and very tasty.
So, Causwells was first recommended to me by a girl from OkCupid last week. Then, I came across it again while looking at Yelp's new businesses. And then, my friend and I happened to be getting ice cream sandwiches down the street, and figured we should probably eat a proper meal too. So, call it celestial guidance or whatever that led me here, but I'm glad it did!Still being a bit full from our breakfast dessert (okay, fine, it was 4pm), we stuck with their small plates, which honestly sounded more interesting than their entrees anyway: * Rye Parkerhouse Rolls & Cultured Butter - I never order bread, because I feel like it's something that should come with the meal, so this was a bit of a luxury. The rolls came in a set of four, with a simple glaze on top, and what I think was sea-salted butter. Tasty enough on its own, but even better once I realized I could make mini sliders with the brisket!* Housemade Ricotta & Lavash - I'm not usually one to order cheese plates, given the lactose intolerance and all. The ricotta was nice and smooth, with a tasty lemony zing to it, and went well with the fresh lavash crackers. If you run out (and you will, because there's a lot more cheese than cracker), bear in mind that you can ask for more.* Steak Tartare - Having tried tartare at more and more places across the city, I've found that most of them share similarities in taste. Causwells', though, was pleasantly different: not as savory or (overly) salty as most places I've been to, but lighter and fruitier instead. This definitely needs to be eaten before the brisket, because the flavors of the tartare are subtle enough that the latter will have dulled your taste buds with the in-your-face flavor.* Smoked Brisket - The star of the dishes we ordered, with great flavor (similar to corned beef) and a nice, tender texture. Be sure to eat it with all the extra sauces and accoutrements provided in the dish.I definitely see myself coming back here, if not only because I want to try their deviled eggs and octopus!***Accessibility Info***Venue - Another venue with mixed counter and regular table seating. Of the latter, some are placed in such a way as to not be accessible, but the majority should not prove to be an issue.Bathroom - Didn't check them out, but given their location in the back, you may have to ask the nearest table to get out of their chairs in order to squeeze by. I also seem to recall a divider that may make opening the door a little difficult.
Stop # 3 on my burger tour of SF. Causwells, your burger is delicious, as advertised. I merit all stars towards flavor. I personally would've liked fries or potatoes on the side but the shoestring onions were epic put onto the burger itself. A little rich as a complete side.Try the deviled eggs and get your own order of everyone wants smoked trout. Their smoked trout is unmatched. So much friggin flavor I almost ordered another player just for one more bite of that perfectly smoked fish. The service was honestly 2 stars and that's being generous. I had to ask for water three times and still didn't get a glass before I left. Def coming back for the ricotta (after the burger tour)
I've been looking forward to going Causwell's for months now and felt really disappointed with my meal. The service is slow and the food just wasn't that good. My party and I were particularly excited about the burger, and although the patty was tasty, we all agreed that the burger as a whole was just okay. Definitely didn't hold up to the hype. The ricotta starter is good, and the butter lettuce salad was fine, but the ribs were not. Our server was lovely, but again, it took quite a while to get our food and they forgot about one of the dishes we had ordered. Won't be returning.
Sitting outside for brunch is a fantastic way to start the day! Mimosa (half grapefruit half OJ, fresh squeezed), the Brunch Burger is perfectly cooked with a perfectly fried egg and delicious bun. Diner next to us was obnoxious (complained about EVERYTHING, yet his dining guest tasted his dish and liked it) and was out for a free meal. Bonus points for the manager handling it wit great aplomb.
Went here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon around 3:00 PM and got their "midday" menu. It's definitely a smaller restaurant, but we were seated right away. The atmosphere is nice: it has a minimalist sort of approach and the ambiance is casual. Furthermore, the service was very attentive -- throughout the meal, they checked on us to make sure we were happy with our food and that our water glass was full (if you want water, you need to ask them for it because of the CA drought). Based on the other reviews, I ordered the Americana burger and was satisfied with my meal. Just to be clear -- the burger was good. It was a good medium, two patties, and I was full. The onion rings were also good. Despite being fried, they don't seem overly oily or heavy, and are a great compliment to the burger. However, I don't think the overall meal was SO good that it justifies the $15.75 price. Furthermore, like other reviews have noted, the meal does get pretty salty after a while. It's not unbearable, but if you're sensitive to salt, this might not be the entree for you.Overall, decent meal, but not good enough to come back for.
We thought maybe the most expensive item on the brunch menu would deliver -- turns out, we were probably better off ordering a regular ol' omelette. Three of us ordered the burger, and were sorely disappointed. The meat patty looked like the kind from Burger King -- thin, dry, and sad. The salad was also bitter, and according to my friend, unwashed and tasted of pesticides(?). It's also a problem when the bun (also very 'meh') is twice the size of the fillings.My friend basically ate nothing but the thin slice of beef patty... the waitress noticed this and offered to comp us of one meal, which was a really nice gesture. For that and the overall decent service, I'm bumping up their rating to a 3... but really, the food tasted more like a 2.
I'm not sure what the fuss is about to garner such rave reviews for the place. Still searching for a romantic date spot in the Maria that actually serves good food. I came here with the hubby on a Saturday night and the experience was underwhelming.We shared the octopus, the steak tartar and deviled eggs and split the burger as our entree. The highlight was the deviled eggs trio, otherwise, the food is average. It wasn't bad, nor was it memorable. Move along, nothing to see here...
I'm only knocking off a star because they did mess up my order.I was visiting a friend in the city & she insisted we try this infamous burger. We went on a Saturday evening without a reservation and we were seated instantly at the bar. We ordered the conch fritters to start (amazing,) the burger with bacon (the bacon is to die for), and a side of corn bread (also outstanding!) The actual patty was so juicy and tender, it literally melted in your mouth. Here's where it went wrong, I had asked for my burger to be plain because I'm an extremely plain gal & as per usual the burger didn't come out plain. I wasn't going to complain cause I was starving, but then I realized there wasn't any bacon (which is an additional charge.) When I informed the bartender about the bacon he straight up told me he didn't ring in my order correctly. He later brought me a side of bacon and ended up not charging us for my burger! I still think Causwells is a must!!
Amazing fresh food and seamless service. A party of 3, we shared the deviled eggs (really great, seasoned perfectly), peach and mixed greens salad, grilled octopus (so tender, best octopus I've ever had) and the ribs. We also shared both deserts, the doughnut bread pudding and a stone fruit custard- both amazing but the custard was out of this world. It's a small place and we were 5 minutes late for our reservation but they held the table for us- thank you so much! Great server, inspired food, awesome beer and wine selection- you definitely need to come here!
I came here on a Saturday night without a reservation and they put me in the best spot in the restaurant, a cozy corner spot by the window where I could watch all of the street life outside. Service here was impeccable. Some of the friendliest hosts and hostesses I have come across. The place itself has a nice industrial flair to it, and a bit hipster. The food was great. Really loved the vegetable plate which included japanese pumpkin, surprisingly delicious. Tom one of the owners was busy hustling in the restaurant, super friendly to talk to. Hope he keeps this place going, so I can stop by on my next trip to SF. Came back for the donut bread pudding before leaving SF. It was delicious and again great service. Keep up the friendliness and hip service/menu!
I'm not a girl who favors burgers or enjoys eating them, but DAMN. This place was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had (top 3, at least). It tasted amazing and nearly melted in your mouth. I ordered mine with mushrooms and bacon and had the sauce on the side. The meat itself was flawless and had hints of garlic (I think). The mushrooms were not traditional chopped mushrooms but came with the stems. I found this interesting because it added another texture to the burger. The burger came with a salad that was pretty good - just a little heavy on the dressing. The onion strings or whatever they're called were excellent. Not greasy and pretty light. I really don't have any complaints about this place but I do think the decor could have been better. It's a little unfriendly and unwelcoming. If a friend had not brought me here today, I don't think this place would attract me as I walked by on the street. When you eat here be prepared to hear the conversation of the party next to you. Everything is reaaaallllllllllly tight in here (in true SF fashion). The service was decent, could be a little better. I highly recommend this place even if you don't enjoy burgers. My friend made a comment and said he didn't feel like this meal made him want to take a nap or put him in a food coma, which is always a good thing. I will definitely be back!
Causwells is the definition of a neighborhood spot. Cozy, inviting, food that makes you 'mmmm' and a staff that genuinely appreciates your choosing them as your restaurant. It's a small spot, maybe 60 seats including the patio. Perfect for a sunny day or a cute date night. Music is on point! People always rave about the burger but in all honesty, there are so many other impressive items on the menu. The bbs ribs that slide off the frikin bone that's tangy and savory: comes with a crisp cold slaw that is perfection when combined. The short rib..... What the sh**! Who knew pomegranate seeds and Brussels sprouts could make your mouth water when paired with this tender piece of meat. (You don't even need a knife) That's just my personal favorites. This place is special and if everyone allowed an open mind to the menu then you'd see how much more Causwells has to offer that just a burger.
Causwells, home to Thrillist's 2nd best burger in America. Today I was able to stop by and give this place a shot. People really need to calm down about this burger. I got straight to business during today's lunch and ordered a burger with a side of crispy onion strings. The onion strings are actually pretty tasty - very flavorful, huge portion and super crispy. The burger is dramatically overrated. While this is no fault of Causwell's, I just want to try and manage people's expectations. For some reason most of this city's 'great' burgers have very thin patties - a trend that needs to die - and Causwell's is no different. I would much rather have a single thick patty with complex flavor and composition rather than 2 greasy charbroiled diner style patties. While the cheese, sauce, lettuce and even bun were actually pretty good, the meat was a major let down - and that is what a burger is all about. At $15 I would rather have a burger from Nopa. It's definitely not worthy of any pilgrimage unless you live nearby in the Marina.
Both the service and food were great. The waitress was super helpful, attentive, and pleasant. The food came out quickly.I had a salmon burger & onion strings, and I was very happy with my meal. I would definitely go back to try more food on the menu.
Great burger! We heard that Causwell's took 2nd place in the "best burger in America competition" (losing to Neon Pig), so we thought we would check it out. Not disappointed at all. Their burger is definitely up there with the best burgers in SF (e.g. on par but different than Marlowe). Also had the deviled eggs, which was delicious as a starter. Only complaint is you won't find fries on the menu, but the onion strings are a great change up and compliment the burger nicely. Also, great atmosphere and friendly staff. Plus the customers seated next to us were very friendly so really enjoyed this place. Well done, Causwell's. Will be back.
1. Ricotta is phenomenon!!!!! Creamy!!2. Deviled eggs, like the trout one the most! 3. Beet salad, was packed with different flavors!4 mimosa - refreshing! Very lovely place for a Sunday morning brunch!! Love my corner table!
Deviled eggs were ok, my husband had the lobster bisque and he called it "inedible". I ordered the butternut squash as my entree. It was ok. Service was great, nice waiter and manager. I'm not sure why peeps in the marina are raving about this spot. It's decent, but decent in the city, doesn't get a second visit.
Great restaurant for those who don't enjoy a lot of food but like paying for high prices. I got the tomato soup ($7) and skirt steak. What's the cost of tomato these days? $0.59 a lb? At most $1?... so why does a tiny bowl of soup cost me $7? Was the taste worth it? Not really. Steak? My "medium-rare" was actually "well done", as in, over cooked. :( Can't say it's worth the price. However, service was great.
Let's see. The food is pretty good but the service sucked on two occasions in ways that won't let me go back. But let's start with the positive: The burger really is on point and the deviled eggs with the smoked trout? Nicely done folks. But the pretentious host who never called us back for a table on a Friday night? Or the snobby waitress the following evening who barely paid us any attention? The one who looked me and my boyfriend up and down the following evening, asking how we "found" the restaurant and asking in the most sneering tone ever if we "lived in the area"? We do. About a block and a half away. But we'll be passing on returning to your establishment in hopes of finding more welcoming service elsewhere.
Great spot to eat before or after your date night at the movie theatre. Stopped here for a quick bite and pleasantly surprised by the warm heaters and outdoor seating! I only ate a salad but it was big, loaded with toppings and adequately filled me up. The person I was with had a burger and man did that look awesome. I cannot wait to go back and try it myself. Great menu of beers also. I've heard good things about be brunch too and that a must try is the burger featuring a fried egg and bacon. All in all if you're looking for a "healthier" dinner menu, this is a great spot. From the salads to lean meats and veggies there is really something for everyone.
I was in town for a weekend and had dinner at Causwells with friends from college to catch up. We did it family style and ordered deviled eggs, octopus, baby back ribs, trout, and stout braised short ribs. Everything was delicious and our server was great.
I had the American Burger with onion rings. The burger was great, the onion rings were amazing. The burger comes with 2 patties and the give a decent portion of onion rings so it's pretty filling. Oh and did I mention the onion rings are sooooo good, they really are! Satisfied with the service; our waitress was very nice, and extra points for the complimentary sparkling water.
Pros:- pastrami hash was tasty! (meat was really good but I wish there were more)- burger tasted like a fancy Big Mac (prob b/c of the special sauce and not too thick patty)- mini French toast bites (mmmmm fried bread, what more could you ask for)- food was ready REALLY quickly- cute yet modern interior design- staff was niceand smileyCons:- noneBottom line: really solid brunch (traditional with a modern twist). While the food wasn't as great as other brunch spots in the city, I will definitely be back to try everything else.
Burger was one of the best I've had. Great flavor and the beef was top notch on the burger and didn't hide behind other flavors. Those onion strings that come with it were great as well, although I always prefer fries as a burger pairing.My wife got their steak which was pretty underwhelming though.
One of my favorite burgers in SF and a nice, seasonal, small plate selection to go with it. I've never tried any of the other entrees because I love the burger so much. Deviled Eggs: If you're in the mood these are yummy.Ricotta and Honey: It's a simple dish, fresh ricotta sprinkled with honey and herbs and served with toasted crackers. The ricotta is light and fluffy. One of my favorites. Order this. Butter Lettuce Salad: Butter lettuce served with a ranch dressing, bacon, figs and nuts. It was fantastic. I've had a few different seasonal salads at Causwells and they've all been great.Cornbread: A little too dry for me. The butter is good but I wouldn't order again. Burger: The reason I come to Causwells. It's a fast-food style, thin patty burger. The bun is soft and I love the sauce.The donut bread pudding is also delicious if you're in the mood for dessert. Service can be a little slow, but always friendly.
Seems overpriced for type of food (burgers and sandwiches). We paid over 100$ for lunch for 2 adults, 3 kids and no drinks....Although the burger is very tasty...The downside is that the kitchen smells are very pervasive through the whole restaurant and you come out smelling like you spent the whole day cooking. Overall, I would think there are better choices around. After all, it's San Francisco!
I love the burger here and even say it's the best in town. I'd recommend starting with the deviled eggs as a nice appetizer you can split with two people. The donut bread pudding is a good way to finish the meal. The staff is very nice and welcoming. Overall a great experience.
One of the best burgers I've EVER had! Nuff said. Omg. Sooooo good! I'm coming here whenever I crave a burger.
We went to Causwells for dinner on a weeknight. The restaurant was bustling at about 8:00 pm but we were still able to get a table pretty quickly. We ordered the ricotta and honey appetizer, which was just delicious. The ricotta was so creamy and flavorful. This dish prompted me to try recreating it with lavender honey made at home, but their version was so much better. I had the octopus for my meal and it was also very good with lots of interesting flavors and a nice bed of greens. It was also perfectly cooked and not rubbery at all. I wanted a few more bites since it was so tasty. I would return just to order that dish.My husband had a burger with onion strings and loved it. He has high burger standards and was quite pleased. We finished off the meal with the donut bread pudding, which was tasty but very sweet (probably a little too sweet for me). Why four stars? Maybe I just can't get over how expensive San Francisco is but I think their prices were high for the serving sizes. Our server was also quite busy and aloof, with everything taking far longer than it needed to. We would definitely go back but I would hope to get a less snotty waitress next time.
Absolutely incredible citrus BBQ baby back ribs. Juicy, fall off the bone, such great layered flavors. The cornbread & cultured butter were out of this world. Very nice waitstaff, fun casual ambience. Overall such a great find!
So great. Can't wait to review this tomorrow! More to come!!!!! Here are some short notes:-great small plates sharing, family style for 2-3 people-good wine, GREAT beer list-all the food is delish, esp the smoked trout and burger entree. We loves the octopus app. Divine. -super hospitable and sweet staff, love the hostess from Chicago. Adorable!-same people as flour+water, enough said-we "waited" for like 10 min for our reservation, and they felt bad so gave us all free bubbly. Um awesome customer service! -great gem added to the marina. Loving the shared plates, they know their audience. Xoxooxoxoxo
My friend and I purposely made a point of coming for lunch after I read that their Americana burger made the 7x7 Big Eat list 2015.I should have examined the photo more meticulously. It's a huge burger.Pros - cooked medium; two hand shaped ground beef patties; american cheese; soft burger bun. Hand shaped ground beef burgers reminds me of fresh home cooked burgers that you make and eat at home.Cons - #1. wilted mix green salad comes with the burger. Usually a place has several side options you to select from gratis. #2. I can't get used to places that have tables so close together. Sure we struck a conversation with a lone lunch patron. But I prefer more space inbetween tables. My friend wrote her Yelp experience here. It seems her burger was overcooked.I'm not sure I'd come back. Small storefront. It seems the real estate space was more of a dive bar that got converted for the Marina District food patrons. And for $15.75, I can get a juicy cheeseburger for less money.
Just tried Causwells BRUNCH for the first time and it was a BIG LET DOWN in comparison to their flawless dinner service.First of all, we sat for 10 minutes without even receiving a menu or water. It wasn't until we ASKED, did we get any sort of service. They did comp our drinks to make up for it which was nice.Secondly, food took way too long. In comparison to dinner where everything came out quite speedily, brunch seemed to be dragging its heels. It took about 45 minutes once we ordered to receive our food. I ordered the veggie omelet and it was definition MEH. So bland I almost had to force myself to eat it. The french toast bites were AWESOME. As was the side biscuit we ordered.In conclusion:-brunch: slow and meh-dinner: quick and awesome
As far as New American joints go, Causwells falls fairly short of the bar set in SF at places like Marlowe and Wayfare Tavern. Everything looks like it should taste good but meh, not so much. We tried their deviled eggs - underwhelming. I've made better, which is not saying much. The lobster bisque had zero flavor and was just like sipping lobster-scented oil. So bad they took it back.  The Americana burger (with cheese, Causwells sauce, pickle, crispy onions) was just OK. Nothing terrible but not worth finishing either.Usually the spots in the Marina are pretty legit but this place bombed. I say pass.
I have been here twice now and see myself coming back again. A friendly staff with good food is what you should expect from here. The burger is very good. Two patties cooked to perfection with sesame covered buns and a thousand island sauce that keeps it all together. I wouldn't call it the best burger in town but it is still good. Comes with deep fried onions which were also very good. Perfectly Crunchy and very tasty. The grilled octopus is what I must rave about though. Incredibly tender and full of flavor. I have not had octopus with this kind of texture before and it is perfect. I did have a slip up recently when they forgot one of my orders and was unattended for a while. Mistakes happen, and they ended up comping my drinks to make up for it. In the end, I like their food which is all that really matters to me. So I'll be back.
What a great find while I do laundry!! Thank you Erin for being so friendly and teaching me a bit about different beers while we ate some delicious food at the bar. That ricotta app.... wowww. Staff is super attentive and the ambiance is quaint and cozy. Bathrooms clean too! I will definitely be coming back to this place, with or without laundry night. Great spot!
This place has been a bi-monthly go-to since I moved to the city a year ago. Great beer and wine selection and any place that has Deviled Eggs is a winner in my book (heck they got trout on them!)Highly, highly recommend the Burger as I think its one of the best in the city. Cool vibe both during the week and weekends, and it's tucked down on the far end of Chestnut to keep some of that crazy riff-raff away. The people in here know its just a great underrated spot to get some real good food.
Overrated- under serviced! Went for brunch. Very few menu options. Had the chilaquiles which were mostly chips and just a sprinkle of eggs. Our server disappeared after food was served. Thank goodness the mimosa was delicious - it was this place's only saving grace. Maybe it's more of a dinner spot. Thumbs down.
Now our go to place in the neighborhood! Love the food, the wine, and the fact that the kitchen opens till late.Burger: I don't need to elaborate with so many write ups out there. The onion rings are so addictive.Homemade ricotta: super creamy served with olive oil crackers. The honey and rosemary oil drizzle go perfectly with the cheese.Romaine salad with smoked trout, sunflower seeds, and creamy herb dressing: seriously the BEST SALAD I've had. So savory and satisfying.Desserts: both are pretty good, a bit on the heavy side.
I went to Causwells last week (twice actually) for the first time after hearing about it from many different friends, and oh boy was it dee-lish!!! My husband and I went on a Sunday morning and we're welcomed very warmly, and seated after the hostess check our preferred place to be seated given the open options, we would have been happy eating anywhere, but appreciated the consideration.    Our server was very sweet, and suggested several items Causwells was known for and helped us narrow down our list of 8 items we wanted to order... Yes for two people. We ordered the house made ricotta with honey and lavash, and were given the tip to spread the cheese on the waffles with pomegranate seeds- (we left both plates completely cleaned and would have ordered more if not for the feast on the way) deviled eggs, breakfast burger, dinner burger, buttermilk biscuits- all to die for. Well done Causwells!!!!    Went back the next night with my bestie, and were blown away again, amazing service, food, and ambiance. Can't wait to come back for more!!! Nom nom nom
Bechelli's, a Marina district breakfast staple for decades, is no more. In its footprint sits Causwells, brought to life by the owners of Lolinda, Delarosa, and Don Pisto's. Having dined at and adored Lolinda, I was excited to learn that a friend had chosen Causwells for a pre-event dinner spot.Bechelli's wasn't very big. The birth of Causwells appears to have made it even smaller. Half of the space is given over to a bar/drinking area (with 4 beers on tap and an extensive list by the bottle), the other half to dining. To give you an idea of how small the dining area is chew on this: they had only 4 orders of the evening special, a rib-eye, available during a Friday 6 p.m. dinner. The dinner menu revolves around small plates and larger plates and 4 of us sampled widely, sharing everything between everyone. This is the recommended approach. The stars of the evening meal were this:* the Grilled Octopus, which Zagat liked less than that at Dirty Habit. Causwells version was ridiculously delicious leading me to believe that I ought to make a bee-line for Dirty Habit immediately. * the Americana Burger and the accompanying onion strings. Because we were sharing, my gullet got only 1/4 of this richness. That's reason enough to return for a solo visit. Additional samplings, equally good, included that Rib-Eye (also with onion strings), Shrimp and Grits with House-Made Andouille, Deviled Eggs prepared three different ways, and roast cauliflower. I'd not turn away for any of this and would happily order each again. The only things that were also-runs to me were the house-made, honey drizzled Ricotta and for dessert, the Donut Bread Pudding with Spiced Milk. Neither of these were anything less than good, it's just that these two didn't stand out as stars versus the other things I tasted. The only nit I have to pick is this and I recognize it as my own pet peeve: the restroom sits right at the north end of the small dining room. If this is also your tipping point make sure to ask for seating at the front of the restaurant to be sure you're as far from the restroom as possible. In a space this size that's not terribly far but far enough if you manage to land in the front 50%. Beer and wine and bubbles were purchased 4 times. We also brought a bottle (corkage $20 or $25). The resulting tab was a reasonable and approximate $45 per person. I'm not loving on some of the reviews of Causwells brunch but for dinner? Solid.
Really enjoyed my visit here.Had a glass of wine, cup of soup and the shrimp and grits appetizer. All were very solid, just as you would expect from a place with a menu like this one. Service was my favorite type of service - friendly, but not intrusive (plus, our waiter was cute). 4 stars for being a place I will certainly go to again to try more options, but missing the fifth just because the dishes didn't put me over the top with taste or presentation or originality. Maybe I'll have to go bigger and bolder next time.
Wow, I was really shocked how good the burger was here! Some random review mentioned it and I thought hey why not. Glad I got it. It's their riff on a Big Mac I think. But oh so much better. I really am lovin' it. I think it's their bun. Good yeasty bun, sops up all that messiness. Patties aren't thick they are more smashed down. But gives it a nice browning and texture. So good. Enjoyed it so much I went back for their brunch burger. Bacon and eggs atop the burger. For some reason I liked the regular burger better. But still really good with that runny egg seeping into the bun. Homemade chips were great too!
This is a great little bistro. You don't get the long menus of big restaurants but you have a few favorites well done. The service staff are friendly and polite. In fact they really pamper you and make you feel special.Even the choice of cola is unique. We had diet Empire cola that taste far better than both Diet Cock and Pepsi. The Trout, Ribs and Burger are very unique and it is like you are rediscovering these courses. I would like to try the lamb meatballs. They were out tonight.The flavors are well balanced and enticing. The textures are well designed and very pleasing. They make you rethink why you went to places that had those much larger portions.The coffee is very ordinary perhaps because I drink only the best coffee. My advise is to try this food even if you are not an American food fan. This really could make you a believer.
Wow, Wow & WOW! Maybe it's just that you do not expect amazing food when you are just trying to find a late night bite to eat. Maybe it's just the friendly (and cute) server. Maybe it was the perfect bottle of wine. OR MAYBE THIS PLACE IS SIMPLY FANTASTIC! Order anything from a burger (Thrillist rated as one of the best) to short ribs to shrimp creole, and I promise you will not go wrong. But before that, don't miss the ricotta appetizer... OMG it was amazing! A must try for great food, great place and great service.
I had Sunday brunch with a girlfriend here this past weekend and really feel in love with this place. The food was all amazing, the service was great (our waiter made great recommendations) and they were so nice about us lingering to catch up with each other after having finished our meal. They didn't have anyone waiting so I'm sure that was part of it.I had the French Toast Bites with a half order of the house made ricotta. A-MAZE-ING! The ricotta was a recommendation from the waiter and with or without the French toast it would be bomb. My girlfriend ordered the biscuit and gravy which I also sampled. The sausage in the gravy was delightful!
This may be my new favorite restaurant in SF. Loved the house made ricotta and shrimp and grits! Great selection of wine and beer with knowledgable and fun service at the bar. Will definitely become a regular spot for me!
this place is everything !!!!first bite of the burger and i'm sold im back real soon !!!!really really really friendly staffand it seems genuine !!!
Not only love the location, but the service...we had an amazing British waitress who was charming, and the burger was one of the best tasting ever. The bun was to die for and what you can add to it is like no other restaurant. Very good wine list and over all a terrific find that I would definitely go back to ! Lively crowd and a lot of fun. Try it for sure !
We went for a late midweek lunch, chose the place because I saw their alcohol prices listed on Yelp and was like "F*** it." I really hate when people hide prices like they're ashamed. Anywho, it took forever, to get everything... but boy was it worth it.First we got the deviled eggs. Clearly the best I've ever had. Second we got the salad with orange, beets, avocado... very good salad. Only complaint was too little avocado.Third we got the salmon sandwich, add avo and bacon. Wow what a delicious sandwich. It looks crappy on a burger bun but it's really more than that. We got the onion strings instead of the salad and they're also very good. Salty and delicious.Overall one of the most complete meals I've ever had. Bravo. Seriously.
If you're looking for a fabulous new restaurant in San Francisco with a talented Chef (former Sous Chef at Flour + Water), lead by awesome co-owners Alvin (overseeing the Operations side) and Tom (overseeing the Wine & Beverages) Causwell's is the spot for you! I've had the pleasure of dining at Causwell's a few times for Happy Hour and light bites, brunch, and lunch, and each time I've left happier and more impressed than the last visit. You may be wondering, what is Causwell's? They are an American Bistro with craft beer and small production wines led by a fabulous team.  The menu is American/California cuisine with fresh dishes, great salads, awesome brunch bites (think fresh omelets and also delicious buttermilk biscuits), a great wine list and fabulous freshly squeezed mimosas available during weekend brunch! I'm looking forward to returning for dinner in the future and will share with you how fabulous that is. 2346 Chestnut Street, San Francisco, CA 94123. (415) 447-6081.A few of my favorite's include:Lunch: Little gems salad, avocado mousse, grapes, almonds, champagne vinaigretteBrunch: Farm fresh omelet, bacon, red onion, potato, american cheese & Buttermilk biscuit, preserves, cultured butter. Delicious freshly squeezed mimosas (only available Saturday & Sundays). Small Bites: House made ricotta, rosemary honey, lavos & Roasted beets, baby garnet yams, pistachio vinaigrette, gribiche & Grilled octopus, garbanzo, fennel, chili vinaigretteThanks for checking out my post I hope you enjoy dining with The JetSetting Fashionista. Emily
Great place, a nice addition to the neighborhood. Menu is smallish, but everything is good. All the items our group had were delicious - the salads and ricotta app especially, and the burger lives up to the hype. We all agreed that the doughnut bread pudding was a hit- very original and cleverly done, and oh so yummy! Bartender was an absolute doll. Small beef - I wish they had S & P shakers on the table. Food is well-seasoned and the kitchen doesn't skimp on the salt (which is fine by me!), but still, I'm the customer and I want the option. Big beef - sever kept touching me every time he came to the table - hand on the shoulder, pat on the back, that sort of thing. Finally had to tell him to keep his mitts off me. Maybe supposed to be a homey touch to make me feel welcome? it's not, it's creepy. Don't put your hands on rank strangers-it's gross. But enough about the creepy server - Causwell's serves delicious food at fair price points for the neighborhood. Just sit at the bar where it's safe....
Had an early dinner here after visiting the Palace of Fine Arts. It's a short walk from there through a nice neighborhood. Menu is simple, so we tried the burger, trout and kale salad. Everything was cooked perfectly, and was very flavorful. Nice selection of beer and wine, so I tried a ginger beer, which was served over ice with lemon wedge. Attentive service, and nice ambiance.
I always get the burger wherever I go and this burger was HELLA GOOD.  Probably the best burger I've ever had. Great food, great service. I've since had the breakfast burger and it's awesome too. Highly recommended.
Tastiest burger I have had in a while. Must-have-again! :P
Don't know how you can be out of key ingredients for a mid-day menu when the mid-day menu just started...but they worked with me and I left happy. The burger was excellent and the service was outstanding.
Wait took forever. The server kept telling us 10 more minutes when there were clearly tables available.
I love that I can sit at the bar, get a glass of wine and share the most amazing burger in SF. This place feels very neighborhoody with a great waitstaff. It's a place you can eat at weekly!
My girlfriend and I arrived only to find they were out of the entree she intended to order. Needless to say she was a little peeved about that, but hey what can you do right? This unfortunate circumstance is not the reason for the low rating. The customer service was exceptional! Our server was extremely polite and engaging and managed to tactfully wrangle and conquer the monster that had come of my food deprived girlfriend... I was rather impressed, it was like we had a "eat a snickers" moment. They even comped our desert in exchange for their shortage in stock. However customer service is a secondary concern when I'm at a restaurant. Primarily I am concerned with the quality of the food, that's what I'm paying for. The food was questionable at best.I ordered the jerked spiced chicken, cream corn and quinoa. The chicken was tender and cooked extremely well, however it was bland to put it nicely. The chicken had ZERO flavor, let alone spice. I was extremely let down by this. I understand playing it safe and not taking chances with bold flavors... But this dish completely lacked any sort of flavor.My girlfriend had the baby back ribs, napa slaw, with nectarine BBQ sauce. Once again, meat cooked to near perfection but lacking any seasoning. The BBQ sauce, also lacking flavor, was nothing more than an additional glaze to coat the meat with. The Napa slaw was a little too acidic for her liking.The bread pudding we had came with a spiced milk sauce. This was by far the best thing we had all night. The texture was like a cake donut, but the sliced milk softened it although not to the point of sogginess. We thought they executed this to perfection.Also another patron sitting in front of us sent their steak back for being under cooked. All things considered I don't know if they had a fill in in the back but the kitchen was not on its "A" game that Memorial Day weekend. On the front end of this review I gave this place a 2 star rating because they simply failed miserably at the bigger more important things. But with all things considered, if I lived here, I would return and give this place another shot. They did so many things right they deserve another chance. But being as we were on vacation I would not recommend this spot to fellow travelers.
Causwells, you had me at flour + water...I tend to wait out new spots until they've had some settling in/menu-tweaking time, but, I couldn't wait to try out this new Chestnut Street gem. I cannot think of one thing that fell subpar. We dined on a Wednesday evening and the place was packed, for a good reason! Service was lovely, and timely through and through. *Mental note to start remembering host/waiter names so I can give shout-outs.The food line-up included: lavash + ricotta, beet salad, burger, trout, bavette steak, chicken and parker house rolls. The ricotta was outstanding, I really don't want it any other way, ever again. The trout was, as expected, delicious and perfectly cooked. Loved that crispy skin. Each dish was so well-executed. I'd happily repeat any of said dishes. All in all a 5+ start experience. In a city of seriously competitive and outstanding dining establishments, hats off to you Causwells for shining in your infancy!
As a vegan, I had low expectations for this place. I called ahead to acquire about their vegan options and they said they could prepare the autumn squash, cauliflower, farro dish. When I got to the restaurant the waitress said that they would have to modify the dish to exclude the cauliflower puree (I'm guessing because of the dairy). I was expecting a boring overpriced all veggie dish typical of American-style restaurants. Luckily, I was really pleasantly surprised! I don't typically like squash but there was something about the way this squash was cooked that was different. It was excellently seasoned and, despite my initial skepticism, worth the $16 price tag. The farro really complimented the veggies which included a couple of different types of cauliflower and some sort of broccoli or broccolini. I also had the potatoes confit has a side dish which were incredibly heavy but quite good, and also vegan. I'll definitely be back here. It's great to see all these new resturants popping up in the Marina (if only there were more new ones on Union vs Chestnut.)
Excellent servers and staff, fantastic wine, delicious food and perfect environment. HIGHLY recommend it if you're in the area! Tom definitely made us feel welcome
I love this place!If you're in the Marina, stop by and embrace the awesomeness that is Causwells.
Underwhelming!I came here on the recommendation of a friend who spoke highly of the burger. Ordered the burger (only available with American cheese, gross) and it was served with a pile of room temperature onion crisps. The burger itself was greasy and unremarkable. I'd give it a C+.My boyfriend ordered a butternut squash soup that was on par with Trader Joes tetrapak soup and a side of undercooked roasted carrots that weren't great.The service was also meh. We were left to sit without water refills until I got up and asked for more water at the bar. We won't be back. $16 for a C+ burger doesn't cut it in a town where you can get an awesome grass fed burger for less at a handful of places.
We really enjoyed our brunch here. Great food, drinks and service! The atmosphere was also really nice. We will definitely return next time we're in SF.
Awesome but pricey. The short ribs are to die for. It is full of flavor and literally melts in your mouth. It comes with brussels sprouts which are equally delicious. If you don't like brussels sprouts, I guarantee that you will start liking it! The beet salad was good, but didn't have enough beets in a it. The shrimp creole was awesome. Shrimp grilled to perfection placed over a piece of bread or facsimile, with lots of creole sauce smothering the bread and shrimp. Service was great. Servers were attentive and always had a smile in their faces. Highly recommended, but be prepared to spend around $30-40 per person. Did I tell you that the short ribs are awesome?
The burgers are the best - juicy and very flavorful. More umami than umami. Fried onions on the side are addictive, from someone who doesn't care for onions.Servers are always friendly. It's a relatively dim but warmly lit atmosphere for a nice catch up drink with a friend or a dinner where you can have a conversation with another party.
So living in the neighborhood, we had to go back and try Causwells! And, now, a giant fan. Brunch: go for the biscuits and gravy, hash, or chilaquilesLunch/Dinner: salads are great, and the burger (duh!)The staff is all ultra friendly and welcoming.Thanks, Causwells - for adding a new gem to the neighborhood! :)
Service (ask for crissy) is numero uno...burgers (so far the best i've tried)ambiance...OK...octopus, (yummy)not so yummy (duck and cornbread)
I went here last Saturday after a run and I must say it was the perfect place to relax and grab a drink and some great food! I had the Pastrami Hash, which was absolutely delicious! The portion size was surprisingly quite large as well. My only gripe was it only came with 1 fried egg and I think if it came with 3 it would have been perfect! I also had a bite of my roomies brunch burger and I really enjoyed it as well! It's pretty much just a bacon burger with a fried egg on it, but it was cooked perfectly and was very well seasoned.They didn't have many beers on tap, but the Kolsch I got was great! The glasses are a bit small, so don't be surprised it you have to order 2-3 beers to get your fill.The place is pretty small, but we goth there at 10, so it wasn't too crowded. By the time it hit around 11-11:30 though it was pretty packed with a wait list.
My bestie is visiting and we got hungry. We just happened into Causwell' on Chestnut St and had the Brunch Burger....BAD BAMMMMM! IT WAS THE BEST. Erin at the bar took great care of us and the staff basically rocked all over. If I lived closer, I might be here everyday, for the food AND for the hangoutness of the place!!!! AAAANNNDDDD....THEY HAVE STEVIA FOR MY TEA.!!!!
we were playing an escape game at the palace of fine arts so i thought it would be a good idea to have dinner in the marina beforehand. i'm rarely in the marina so didn't have that many bookmarks.. as i scrolled through my bookmarks i narrowed it down to 4 and told my friends my suggestions.. we went with this place and it exceeded my expectations! everyone else liked it as wellordered:-deviled eggs: w smoked trout, paprika and mustard.. good! my friend said the deviled eggs were a bit funky but after realizing the smokiness came from the fish, they changed their mind and said now that i know it's smoked fish the eggs were good. so silly haha-shishito pepoers: w lime and sea salt.. good! it was supposed to be spicy? i didn't taste it-heirloom tomato, jimmy nardello pepper, crispy okra, melon vinaigrette: perf in the heatwave-baby back ribs: w napa slaw, nectarine bbq sauce: i was never a big fan of slaw so that was ok.. the ribs were good-grilled octopus: garbanzo, fennel, chili vinaigrette.. good! wish there was more-burger: added bacon w side thin onion rings.. pretty big burger! the onion rings.. so yum!-jerk spiced chicken: creamed corn, red quinoa.. the only dish i couldv'e done without.. but the creamed corn was delish!-donut bread pudding w spiced milk..loved it!wash it down with 21A watermelon wheat beer and cider
I really love this place. Been here twice. Both times j has the ricotta which is must have app. I usually pair that with on of their salads to start as well.For entrees, I've had the burger and he short ribs. Both are incredibly delicious and cooked perfectly. You should definitely get one or the other when you go.I also liked that the wait staff is knowledge and very helpful when choosing wine / beer. If you sit at the bar, they'll probably even be happy to give you a taste of a couple wines in case you can't decide between them!
Dear Causwells,Thanks for existing and having the very best brunch in the Marina. I cannot envision my weekend mornings without your amazing biscuit or wonderful omelet anymore. I truly believe your beets salad made me a better person. Love, Paula.
Whoa! I am a burger freak... To say the least... And I didn't even know they had a burger here. So already, I'm off the a pleasant surprise with my dining experience. I was invited for brunch with friends who live near by and had not heard a peep about this new place. It's a shame the Marina is swarming with bro's and a runway of the current lululemon collection because most of the copious dining establishments are noteworthy. Excellent burger - same caliber as my other SF favorites: Maven & Marlowe. They also have one of my favorite beers, PranQster, on tap. Well done Causwells, well done! Oh, the deviled eggs were a delicious start to our meal too!
Stumbled upon this little gem while exploring the area. A short wait on a Saturday morning, but we were seated immediately at the bar. Had the Brunch Burger that includes a juicy beef patty topped with bacon and a fried egg on a soft buttered bun. Was pleasantly surprised by the side salad, tossed with a tangy vinaigrette dressing. An ample selection of draught beers populates the tap wall with several local selections available. The Mimosa seemed to be a popular selection with the locals. We enjoyed the entertaining banter and repartee with a friendly bartender named Nick(?) who kept our drinks full as he entertained us with stories of his sister who lives in Texas. Highly recommend Causewell's for brunch when in the marina area.
Working my way through the top burger joints in the Bay Area that aren't chain restaurants. Causewell's was one of these places.I had the Brunch Burger with the egg on the side. It was excellent. The meat was very rich and almost buttery, not salty. The bun was fantastic, it was like eating a piece of cotton candy...it was that airy. Nice thick slices of bacon and and excellent sauce on the burger.Excellent service, nice (smallish) place with a nice bar.A little on the high side for a burger, but worth the try.Would I go back? Probably not. Too many other places to try, but I wouldn't discount Causwell's.
I generally do not do a review when we have not dined at a restaurant. Made a reservation for a Sat night on the phone, they told us in 45min we would have a table for us. When we checked in they asked us to wait another 15-20min, we checked in again within 20 min and were told another 20min. The reservation and hostess ladies really did not have a handle over what was going on and how to handle the parties waiting. After another 20 min, we were told to wait another 30min!!!! Outrageous, we had 3 hungry teenagers with us and we're not not going to wait another 30 minutes. Just walked away after voicing the concern about how they handled clientele.... Will definitely not be trying to dine here again.
Nice restaurant in the Marina. Went here tonight for the first time & was very pleased with my experience. I got the trout with english pea puree & it was flavorful & well plated. My dinner companion got the burger & the roasted potatoes. Both of us left satisfied!A few key points about this place:1. The service is friendly & fast. We were in & out of there in 30-45 minutes. 2. The food is delicious.3. It is a small space & a bit loud. It wasn't that crowded, but still was hard to hear the person sitting on the other side of the table from me. I guess that's what you get when you choose a restaurant in a happening area!The reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because it didn't knock my socks off. It was great food, great service, but there wasn't anything special or stand out. It's still a great place.If you're looking for a great dinner in the Marina, I recommend Causwells.
Nice, hip spot that is quite lively. Everything is small portions but not ridiculously overpriced either. Grilled octopus was a good. Little gem salad was okay (quite forgettable). Burger was good though I think Spruce or Maison Pacific does it much better. I did think the salmon was excellently prepared and was elevated beyond what you or most restaurants might be able to do (I generally think salmon is hard to make stand out).The wines by the glass are all top notch. Service is friendly and fast.
3.5 Stars (4-food, 3-service)Came here for the burger and octopus and both were great. Also ended up trying the deviled eggs and fish of the day (Trout) which seemed to have a little too much butter and salt *but still pretty good. Sadly the service was off. Had an 8 o clock reservation, didn't get seated till 8:45 and the food took another hour to be brought out. The 4 top table next to us ordered after us and were finished eating their whole meal before our food was brought to us. That was a little annoying. I would've at least like to have snacked on some bread or our appetizers considering the long wait. When the food finally came, I thought it was all pretty great. But having to wait almost two hours from our original reservation time to eat did not exactly make it worth it. I'd like to come back again, but not if it takes that long.
Chestnut Street is becoming more and more unafforadble and Causells is the latest example of a "decent food, really expensive" restaurant.I went here with my wife and son recently and ended up paying $85 for 2 appetizers, 3 entrees and a glass of wine. My son had the burger with crispy onions. He polished it off quickly, so it must have been good. My wife had the little gems salad which she also polished off quickly. I had the jerk chicken - pretty good but didn't blow me away. Also had a glass of Spanish table wine that cost $15 (ouch!).If you're looking for a intimate neighborhood place for date night, Causwells would be a good choice. If you're looking for good food at a reasonable price, this isn't the place. Also, the staff was extremely friendly but it's clear they cater toward young professional / middle aged folks. Families with younger kids may want to look elsewhere.
Americana burger and onion straws were fantastic. Ribs were great, however the down side is that you only get three for the price.
The rating is for the burger. The chicken, for example, is certainly a healthier option, and it tastes like it. Don't order that.Burger is amazing. Better than 4505 and Nopa, seriously. Imagine the Platonic form of the burger, and then come here and eat it.
We've been wanting to come here for months and on Sunday we did...How does this place have 4.5 stars? Shocking!!! There's a complete lack of selection here. You can't even order real cheddar cheese on your burger or in/on your eggs. They only have Kraft. Gross! The drinks never came...had to ask again... Our server was not the kindest... Super slow service. There were only three small bites of pork in my husband's pork dish. Very disappointing. The only awesome service was from the gal who answered the phone when we called to see if there were reservations here. This restaurant does not take reservations, but she was very helpful and kind.
Great portions on the americano burger, tasted delicious and great service! Atmosphere is nice and casual. Definitely recommended if your craving burgers!
Had a great brunch at Causwells last weekend! Hits:- they take reservations!- grapefruit mimosas for $4.50/glass- good looking, friendly staff- cool feel with concrete walls and small bar with outdoor seating too- BREAKFAST BURGER FTW - I've heard the burger is amazing (I still need to go for dinner), but I imagine the bfast burger is that burger, plus bacon and egg, and it was so so so good! I was a very very happy girl!Misses:- no Bloody Marys (only beer/wine)- no bottomless mimosas (not too mad about that though)- seating by the window gets very sunny (read: hot) around noon! Loved Causwells and I'm going back this week for dinner! Gonna get the burger! :)
I would give this place 6 stars if it was an option. I know that in the city there is a lot of competition in the food industry and trying to decide where to eat can be difficult (which brings you here to help) but I'll make this decision easy on you- eat at Causwells. If you're looking for a "dim-lit casual" restaurant (as my boyfriend called it) with great service and seriously awesome food then this is it guys!I consider myself quite the burger connoisseur, so when I saw all these reviews raving about their burger, I was excited to try it for myself. I'm in trouble now because it was seriously great. I'm from Fremont and I know that I'm not above driving to the city for a burger! I'm not good at describing food but I'll try to describe what makes it great- something about the way that the meat was so juicy/flavorful and cooked PERFECTLY, in combination with their sauce and toppings on their bun- I'm seriously debating going back for more just replaying this is in my head (Ahaha). My man ordered the short ribs and he also loved those. We had the chance to try their donut-bread pudding (Im honestly not sure of the name but the name doesn't matter) and that too was pretty amazing !
Cute New American restaurant with a decent selection of food and a solid wine list. I had dinner here with a few girlfriends and was pleased with most everything we had. The cornbread and deviled eggs were the only thing I didn't like, they just tasted kind of off. The burger was far and away the best thing we had all night, the onions strings on the side were soo good! The restaurant itself was pretty decent size, there are a few tables outside as well but they were only two or four tops. Our server was a little abrasive, he seemed overall nice but he got irritable over a few small things like not asking for a clean wine glass -- was kind of odd. I'd definitely come back for the burger, it was one of the best ones I've had but that's the really the only reason I'd head back.
maybe It's my fault for having come with such high expectations but i was underwhelmed by Causwells. the food was pretty good but I wouldn't say there was anything inventive or outstanding. the smoked brisket was certainly a little too dry. the steak tartare was good but nothing to write home about. the house made ricotta was definitely fresh but too sweet when poured over with too much honey. the Parker rolls were pretty good though. the place is uncomfortably loud but the service was good. it might be a decent place if you live in the area and just want a place to put in the rotation but I wouldn't purposefully make my way out there for it.
We were pleasantly surprised with this restaurant. We had primarily chosen it because it was close to the theatre at the Palace of Fine Arts. The staff were adorable and everything we had was delicious, including my husband's Alcoholic Ginger Beer which neither of us had ever had before. The standout dishes were the deviled eggs served three ways, and the house made ricotta with honey served with Lavash.Next time you are in the Marina, and you are looking for a casual place to dine with great service, I highly recommend this restaurant.
I met up with some friends here for brunch last weekend, based on Yelp reviews and the menu alone. It's a cute little restaurant near the Marina and we were seated immediately after we arrived (albeit we were late for our reservation - they thankfully held the table). We looked over the menu and after minutes of indecision between the biscuits and gravy and the breakfast burger, I went with the burger due to the servers recommendation. Actually, all three of us went with the burger. And what a great decision it was.Seriously. I had this burger six days ago and I am trying to come up with reasons to go back. It was just really good. The bun was good. The insides was good. The side salad, as basic as it was, was good. It was just all good. Our server also checked if they had the donut bread pudding available at breakfast, which they did, so we of course got it. And it was delicious. The price point was fair, service was great and I really liked the food. I'll definitely return.
Deviled eggs, shishito peppers, and grilled octopus were all very good, but I'd come back to get the donut bread pudding again and to try their famous cheeseburger.
Came here after our SF mermaids runOur breakfast was yummy, service was great and friendly staff We will be back!
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) - Causwells is in the Marina district of San Francisco and is a few doors down from my dining companion's gym. He was at his gym before dawn the same day we went and was so focused on his trainer that he didn't notice this restaurant gem. Causwells been open 6 months and beautifully renovated.The menu is divided into snacks, small plates, heartier fare, and sides. We ordered butternut squash soup, radish, pumpkin seeds and almonds; and roasted beets, baby garnet yams, pistachio vinaigrette, gribiche from the small plates list. I was not a big soup fan, but now I am. It looked beautiful and the taste matched the esthetics. I like beets, but Chef Adam Rosenblum's combination was outstanding. At first I told my dining companion I wouldn't eat half because I wanted to pace myself for the "heartier fare". I ate more than half and my only complaint was I wanted some bread to sop up the delicious sauce.We ordered separate heartier fares, our waitperson Aaron, suggested the lager brined chicken breast with dirty rice, lager jus and I had the Americana burger, sans cheese, with Causwells sauce, pickles, and crispy onions. They cook it medium well which is not how I usually order my burger. Let's just say, Chef Adam knows best.For "sweet treats" we split the banana bread with mascarpone and Mexican hot chocolate. Tom described it as banana bread with grilled cheese you could dip in chocolate soup. Didn't sound edible to me, but again foodies are adventurous and it worked very well.Causwells also features "Original Bette Jane's Ginger Beer" made and distributed locally and Cedarburg Rooibos tea from South Africa, a favorite of the late great President Mandela.Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Can't wait to go back. Everything was fantastic but you simply must have the breakout dish, the beets.Thanks to co-owner Tom Patella, Chef Adam Rosenblum, Aaron, and Ellipses Public Relations for our complimentary dinner.sanfrancisco.cbslocal.co
Admittedly, the only reason I came to Causwells was to check out their version of the Big Mac, the Americana Burger. (it's also the only thing i've ever tried on multiple visits there).They've nearly taken all the components of the original (i.e. 2 all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun), and gussied it up so that you're definitely getting your $16 worth. The only component they didn't bother to translate was the middle bun.The meat patties are seasoned well and juicy. The cheese is melty and combines nicely with the flavors of the meat patties. Their nod to the McD's special sauce is close to the McD's version and very good. It brings everything together (and is actually really nice as a dipping sauce for the crispy onions that garnish the dish). Overall, one of the best burgers you can find in San Francisco. If you're a Big Mac lover, your mind will probably explode (mine nearly did).The only thing that kept me from giving this a 5 star review was the service. On one occasion we were seated outside, and perhaps due to how busy it was inside the house, we felt a little neglected. Having the server follow up periodically and the wait time for getting and paying the check were delayed. I did not experience this while dining inside the restaurant, but thought that this was worth pointing out.The atmosphere makes Causwells a great place to take a date or even hang with the buddies before heading out for a late night. It's a little dimly lit which can be seen as a little intimate and romantic and it's such a classy interior that you wouldn't feel out of place if you dressed up a little bit. (You also don't have to order the burger, as the rest of their fare looks on par with $30 plate establishments). But at the same time, it has quite a casual vibe that you can definitely stay for a few drinks with your friends, while enjoying burgers in your favorite t-shirt and pair of jeans.I'll definitely be coming here for as long as the Americana Burger is on the menu.
Delicious food, huge side portions of crispy onions- word of advice, don't eat them all.
Slight downgrade because they can be a weee bit snooty in here (my lady friend asked for the burger without the special sauce and the waitress acted like an act of congress was needed...this has happened both times I've been there)....c'mon guys, you are still a burger joint and, last I checked, in the service industy.But that aside, this might be the best burger I 've ever had in my life. Get there and try it!
You know what's totally cool? When you write about a situation that you were dissatisfied with and the owner writes you back WITHIN THE HOUR. That is seriously an excellent way of running a business (although I also hope he gets some sleep sometimes). SInce my review was mostly about my concerns about service, which obviously is pretty stellar based on our recent interaction, I'm going to head back and try again. Maybe I was grumpy because i just wanted some coffee.And to amend something in the original: the food was solid. When I'm grumpy I say "fine," when I'm impressed I say "solid."*******OG REVIEW******Not a fan (and I'm almost always a fan!). Arrived for a reservation about 5 minutes early to a completely empty restaurant (literally not a soul inside). I waited at the bar until 2 minutes before reservation time and 2/4 people were there and asked if we could sit and have a coffee and wait for our friends. The response was "how far away are they?" I totally get that you want to sit a complete party-I'm all about that policy. But asking that with an empty restaurant behind you was pretty weird. And, frankly, rude. Not a good start.The server was nice, but when my two friends rolled in with paper coffee cups (OK, maybe this isn't kosher, I don't know) she looked at them and asked if they wanted coffee. Then when they said no thanks, she said "don't worry, we don't have a corkage." I'm with you, lady. But the snarkiness abounds. The food was fine. Just fine. Not notable.This is clearly a Marina place. I guess I should have maybe expected attitude, but it kills me every time to pay for it.
Best brunch in the Marina that I've had so far. We got the deviled eggs, pastrami hash, omelette, and mimosas and were definitely not disappointed. This place doesn't have the same faux posh vibe that almost every other brunch place in the Marina has, really low key atmosphere which I wholeheartedly appreciated. A+
I heart Causwells. We've dined in this cozy li'l establishment multiple times since it was "Hot and New" and still haven't tired of it. Why's it taken me so long to review? Maybe subconsciously I don't want it to get busier than it already is. :xYou can make reservations online. There's seating outdoors, indoors, & at the bar.Our servers have always busted their butts for us.Both the brunch and regular burgers cannot be missed. You can't go wrong with the salads. Try the french toast.All good things! Except sometimes the glasses have detergent left in them or something...it's happened a couple times, but I just ask for a new glass and then all is well. *kanye shrug*
From CWM to a place if his own Tom has excelled all expectations ! - Great peeps on his team - awesome food (in particular the Burger ) - varied wine selection - Easy to get to and hard to leave Ticks all the boxes !
I would say that this is a good neighborhood restaurant to visit if you live around the Marina. Considering it is not usually a neighborhood where my friends and I visit to eat, I found the food to be the same as all other restaurants. I could have gone to someplace in SOMA and would have found the same items on the menu that tasted the sameI did like the concept of the plates to be shared family style, as it allowed us to try many different items.  From the appetizers and entrees that we shared, the ones that I would call out were the arugala salad and the trout dish.  The trout was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I am glad that I got to try Causwells as I can check it off my Hot list.
Today was my first time in. I stopped in in between lunch and dinner and had the strawberry goat cheese kale salad. The salad is the perfect size, great dressing and super fresh. Tom, the bartender made for great entertainment too:) Great set up and fairly priced for Chestnut.
This place is consistently delicious despite a lot of the menu changing slightly season to season. Prices are on the higher end, but the excellent quality and attentive service definitely justifies it. Located right next to Presidio Theatre, so it's a great spot for a dinner and a movie. Try the chicken, which is always cooked perfectly, and their burger is very tasty. The gem salad is simple but great. My only humble request is that they cycle out the fish protein from trout to something different since I'm generally not a big fan of trout (although Causwells does a great job of cooking theirs). This is the BEST "date night" restaurant in the Marina/Cow Hollow neighborhood.
Outstanding dinner experience! Our family of four came here on the recommendation of a chef friend. Instead of entrees, we ordered several small plates to share. Each and every dish was *excellent.* We had: - grilled octopus (tender and smoky)- roasted cauliflower (perfect level of crispness)- house made ricotta cheese on lavosh crackers (seriously drop dead delicious)- shrimp and andouille sausage on grits (mmmmmmm)- deviled eggs (the smoked trout egg was outstanding) - house made corn bread - arugala salad with chanterelles, goat cheese, pears, and hazelnuts The ambiance is "Chestnut Street casual" -- the interior is minimalistic with exposed concrete and stylish light fixtures. It's kind of noisy/festive on the pub side with its bar and high tables/stools. It's a little quieter on the side with regular restaurant tables. Service was solid -- our server was friendly and gracious, and my husband really appreciated his recommendation of a fantastic malbec. We can't wait to come back and try the entrees and desserts next time!
A small restaurant in San Francisco's Marina district next to the Presidio Theater. Reminds me of a neighborhood Marlowe, with a long beer and wine list. We came for lunch, which has a compact menu. Dinner might be a better bet.Picks:Deviled Eggs $6.25 Classic, Avocado, Smoked Trout - Good but not as good as MarloweAmericana burger, cheese, Causwells sauce, lettuce, pickle $15.75 with mixed green salad. Top notch. Two thin greasy patties cooked almost home school style.OK:Smoked Pork Grilled Cheese Sandwich, onion, pickled jalapeno, swiss cheese, mustard $12.75 - OK but not special.Overall - GoodFood - Very GoodDecor - GoodService - GoodValue - GoodWould we come back - Maybe
Great location in the marina... Good service. I heard they were known for their burger. Tried it today and it was below average compared to great SF spots. Over kill w the oil and grease. Not a bad place or anything...3 stars as an average spot in SF.
Causwells is my new favorite restaurant in the city. With a wide selection of interesting dishes, its hard to not enjoy yourself here. Sadly its on the expensive side (typical for SF these days) but the staff is very helpful and the food is delicious. It is an excellent place to take a date or a small group.
I thought this place was ok. Everything tasted fine. My only complaint was that the portions were a little small, so just be prepared to order a lot if you come in hungry.The deviled eggs came out first. Tasty.Steak tartare. Tasty.Arugula Salad. Dressing was very flavorful. Trout. So good. Crispy skin and tender flesh. A must order.Teres major steak. The cut was a little on the stringy side but flavorwise it was good.Dirty rice - I thought it was good, but a bit overpriced at $5 for a little cup.
Awesome food, wine, and service! I came here for a pre-valentines day dinner because valentines day = torture, and the meal was amazing! I'm going to play if off like we ordered so much because it was a special occasion, but really, we eat a lot. And may have gotten some semi-disgusted stares from the very "marina girl" table next to us. SORRY IT WAS ALL DELICIOUS. We started out splitting the grilled octopus and the shrimp/gritsdishes and they were both fantastic! The octopus had a perfect char/seasoning but it was a little bit rubbery for my liking (i've been tainted by Europe and don't know if I will find anything comparable in the states). The sausage worked in perfectly with the shrimp/polenta and we liiiiicked that plate clean. Greens w/Avocado mousse were ordered to be healthy-ish. They were super fresh and a nice change of pace in the meal. I ordered the short ribs for my dinner and oooooooooomgggg they were fall apart amazing! I finished about half of my plate before having to tap out. The bf ordered the burger and didnt let me snag a bite so I'm assuming it was amazing. The little cripsy fries that came with the burger were fun. Overall great casual dining experience in the marina! My only complaint is that the space is VERY small and you will be on top of your neighbors (and able to hear everything they say) and maybe be stared at if you eat more than is socially acceptable in this neighborhood BUT...who cares
A few things our group loved about this wonderful restaurant. A kind owner who is really involved with his business. A simple menu that focuses on what they do best. And, Beautiful, simple, and clean decor. Excellent burgers and salads.
My friend and I shared 4 small plates and were quite satisfied with the portions :)Ricotta cheese - if it was socially acceptable I would've licked the plate cleanGrilled octopus - perfectShrimp and grits - really good but not super specialRed wine sausage - a lil burnt and dry :/
Great food, wine and service! Butternut squash soup was amazingly flavorful, and the beet salad was lovely. I stole a bite from my friend's chicken and it was awesome. Wine list was great, and service did a fantastic job. I can't wait to come back for that delicious looking burger!
Small place and service was nice, but hostess won't seat you unless your whole party is here, even if you tell them you can order first. Food was simple, but everything tasted great and was cooked perfectly. Deviled eggs -classic/avocado/smoked trout-they were all really good. The smoked trout was my favorite. Chicken liver mousse toast, red onion, sea salt-It is already spread on a piece of toast for you. Very flavorfulLittle gems, avocado mousse, grapes, almonds, champagne vinaigrette-needed some greens. Perfectly dressedGrilled octopus, garbanzo, fennel, chili vinaigrette-not a fan of octopus, but this was really yummy. Cooked perfectly and the perfect amount of seasoning. Pork belly confit, gala apple, celery, apple gastrique-super tender and flavorful. Must order this!Seasonal fish,cauliflower, brown butter sauce-it was the trout. Just perfect!Roasted cauliflower, capers, brown butter-this is the same side on the fish entree. Also we didn't get any capers.We saw someone order the burger and it comes with crispy onions-I asked for a side order of that and it just hit the spot. Crispy shoestring onions. Wasn't even greasy. Dessert-Banana bread "grilled cheese,"chocolate soup-skip. A little weird. The banana bread is good, but the cheese wasn't melted enough or warm enough. The chocolate soup needed to be thicker for dipping. This was a new item on the menu. Can make some changes to improve this.
Great place to grab food and drinks with friends. If you plan on bringing your children, I wouldn't suggest it so...at least not on a Friday or a weekend evening where everyone wants to go to HH and unwind. There really isn't too much room for a large party, so I'd suggest a total of no more than 5 people in your group. Coming here with 2 other friends, and it being our first time here, our waitress explained that it's family style. Hmm...when I think family style, I think of a medium-sized portions to the likes of Chinese food. We ordered one from each category: the deviled eggs from the "snack" section, the pork terraine from the "small plate" section, wild king salmon from the "heartier fare", and the Rye Parkerhouse rolls from the "side" section. When our food came out, I really think I could've finished the portions by myself, though amongst the three of us, we ordered enough so we could split and still hit the spot. The deviled eggs, which I recommend, is a flight of three eggs, each with different toppings on each egg. I would also recommend the salmon esp. for someone who has a sweeter palate.As I've said, I'd be able to finish one dish by myself, but of course, sharing is caring =)
Amazing food, great service, and a super attentive management staff. And they definitely know how to make a burger! The owners have put a lot of thought into what would make a restaurant in this neighborhood work, and it shows. Thanks for providing the Marina with reliable and delicious food, tasty wine, and a fun place to have happy hour with my friends.
My husband and I popped into this local neighborhood restaurant for drink. We were delighted by the amazing staff and nice crowd at the bar. This place is amazing! A well-kept neighborhood secret. Our new favorite place. Thank you Tom, the owner!
Part 1 of a luncheon dining adventure with a good friend. Or, shall I say a foodie partner in crime. We went specifically to try their famous American Burger. It was tasty. Unfortunately, mine was overdone. We were told the burgers were cooked to medium temperature. Service was pleasant. It was an enjoyable experience. While the burger was delicious, it was not the best I've had. Quite pricey to say the least. To go or not to go, it's up to you!
Amazing service and food! And pleasantly surprised by the unpretentious vibe (staff and customers), though I haven't been to the Marina in a long time.Dined with a 6-year old and we split everything - english pea crisp, asparagus soup, trout with farro. Our waitress generously offered to heat up the soup (without being asked). It was meant to be served chilled, but the 6 yo was tired of cold soups (loose teeth) and the wait staff noticed the untouched full bowl of soup.Can't wait to return to try the burger!
The environment is cosey but trendy. The burger is amazing!!!!! Must try if your like burgers! New favorite Burger spot!! & Everyone is friendly! :)
We had dinner here last night. Everything was outstanding. The hostess/ manager was super accommodating and the food was great. We tried several small plates and one entree. Our favorite was the house made ricotta. We didn't have any drinks but the wine/ beer menu had a cool eclectic variety that I look forward to trying next time.
Deviled eggs and Americana burger made the perfect meal. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had. Soft, tender, melt in your mouth meat with a nice soft bun complimented with their special, thousand island like, house sauce. Excellent service also.
Not so impressed by their brunch! They need to take "French Toast" off their menu. Terrible!
We came here on a SOSH deal- we both enjoyed the ricotta spread and the burger here. Great service and nice ambience.
Awesome food, awesome wine. Went here with some friends and it was so good. We all got something different and everything we tried was really good! I had the Shrimp dish which was perfect. They even had more shrimp than I was expecting, since usually places skimp on that. And tried everything else which was really good. Will deff go back again!
Came in during sunday mid day menu. Food was great had the chicker liver mousse and burger. Lots of confusion from wait staff with orders. Overcharged and had to redo check. The place was scorching hot as well.Would come back for food, but hope experience is better next time.
Thank you random woman walking her dog that took our picture at Palace of Fine Arts! Asked her if she would suggest somewhere to eat and a 20 minute walk later we were seated.  Cool vibe on a cool street. Hubby had a local beer that he liked a lot, Sauvignon Blanc choice for me after discussion with server. Everything looked good, we started with the deviled eggs, which are fantastic, eat the smoked trout one last as the smokiness is strong, but good. Butternut squash soup was awesome with the little radish salad garnish. Cornbread, toasted on all sides of each piece was great!  My husband had the Pork Belly and said he liked it a lot, however he looked like he might have enjoyed the burger more, table next to us was having it. Overall great experience and we we felt lucky to have found it!
I met a few friends here for a drink before seeing a movie next door at the theater and some of them also ordered food before I arrived. I really wasn't impressed with the service. I had to get up and ask the hostess for a wine list and then upon sitting down again the server never asked me if I wanted a drink or food. I got up and ordered a glass of wine at the bar myself and brought it back to where we were sitting. The wine pour at the bar was skimpy which surprised me given the price for a glass. All in all just not impressed with much about the place. Interior was industrial & drab and the layout of the place doesn't really work.Perhaps I'll try ordering food here at another time but I was generally just disappointed overall so I'm uncertain if I'll go back?2 stars for poor service and the overall look of the place.
The best burger I've ever had! Awesome service and cute atmosphere. I had onion rings with the burger and peppermint tea. Everything was fab! I would absolutely return but my belly wild get so big. Lol def go eat here . You will not be dissapointed.
The Causwell burger is my FAVORITE burger in SF. It's a fancy take on a Big Mac and is absolutely delicious. Also, get the donut for dessert!
Delicious food, great wine list, friendly staff and cool ambience! If I could give more stars I would !
After my second visit, I'm ready to review. Hip spot with limited seat but many options. Wait for a private table, sit outside, by the window, at the bar or at one of the communal tables. If you're planning on coming by make sure to grab a rezzie to ensure you won't have to wait. Fresh menu including: deviled eggs, southern style shrimp, pork belly, heirloom tomatoes, octopus, ricotta cheese with honey (must have and good to share), steak, chicken and a burger to die for. All the staples but with unique twists. Decently priced between $6 and $22 (steak).Wine and beers ($5) that will impress as well. Enjoyed the playlist as well. Currently the place to be in the marina and my new go-to.Enjoy!
After attempting to dine at The Commissary and having a horrible experience, we ended up here and it was amazing. The chicken was flavorful and juicy. The trout was also great. I highly recommend! Excellent food!
AMAZING grilled octopus. The cheeseburger is super awesome. And so many other delicious things to eat. If you haven't tried it, it's a must. I don't use caps often in my reviews, so that should tell you right there...get on it! Perfect date place, too. My personal preference is to sit at the bar. Things will go well for you. Alvin, the brilliance behind it all, is a super fun owner to chat it up with, too. Just an idea for yah. If you're sharing the tasty grilled octopus, don't be overly polite. Dive in. Unless, you're a polite person. If you're not comfortable taking the most attractive morsels of delight right away, then you should definitely order two like I do. Enjoy that!
Great burger and Bloody Mary. The portions were pretty small and I wasn't anywhere near full or it would have been 5 star. Very friendly and accommodating staff as well!
We came across this place when we searched for some afternoon bites last Saturday. I forgot the name of the dishes we ordered, but they are all delicious! The pulled duck confit on crispy cracker with some sweet sauce was delightful! Will come back and check out their dinner or brunch menu sometime soon.
The pork belly confit was so good the first words that came out of my mouth were " holy sh*t". I followed up the confit with the burger which tasted like a Big Mac meets a whopper meets a double double - basically meaty/cheeses/saucey goodness. In hindsight, wish i put the confit in the burger...game changer.Capped off dinner with the donut bread pudding! I wish I could drink the spiced milk they top it with in a big cold glass.The atmosphere is awesome. Staff was really social and fun to be around. I'm definitely coming back for more!
The food was good but for the price you can expect a lot better. We had the beef short ribs. The meat was ok but the vegs and garnish was completely burnt. If a restaurant is serving about 5 oz of meat for over $20 in a casual place, that kind of low quality shouldn't leave their kitchen. The burger was also salty but overall decent. The positives were the homemade cheese and honey plate and the deviled eggs.
Very nice place. Small, cosy vibe, we went there for an early dinner, and it was busy and chatty but not crowded. Service was super friendly, in fact we thought one guy was going to sit down and eat with us, he was so chatty. I had the chicken with risotto and broccolini, which was really delicious. Husband had the short ribs, and daughter had the trout. All nicely presented, tasty, and sizable portions. Wine was interesting selection and reasonably priced, although we were "guided" from our original choice to something that ended up being a fair bit more expensive. For dessert we shared the donut bread pudding with spiced milk, which was really delicious. No espresso machine, but they did a generous drip coffee. All in all, a very pleasant evening.
Excellent interesting food with top service. They are creative with the dishes which can mean some things might be too interesting but I like something different. Great atmosphere and nice blend with the bar.
To be honest, I'm a little disappointed in my 2-star experience at Causwells, after reading a ton of stellar reviews. Perhaps brunch is a meh meal, but I certainly am not clamoring to return to this place.Husband and I made a reservation for Sunday at 10 AM, and we were the third party in the restaurant (I think they open at 9 or 9:30, so we were a little surprised). It could've also been that it was the same morning as the Giants race, so perhaps everyone was on the other side of the city.We were seated, and we were surprised that the brunch menu is super limited: there were about 5 "main" dishes (2 omelettes, biscuits and gravy, and something else I can't remember), three salads, and two appetizers that wouldn't have made for an entire meal (one was homemade ricotta cheese).I decided on a salad since nothing else looked appetizing at that point, and Husband ordered the biscuits and gravy. My smoked trout salad was actually very good, but small in portion and pricey for what you get; I wouldn't order this again, because I know I can get an equally delicious and more filling one at La Boulange.The biscuits and gravy were a sore disappointment; flavor was one-dimensional, and the biscuits were thin, not big and fluffy. I honestly would rather go to IHOP and pay half the price for a more hearty, fatty meal. It came with a tiny side salad.Service was okay, not overly friendly. Perhaps we'll try dinner here sometime, but based on our brunch experience, this place isn't at the top of our list.
Wow...I can't believe Yelp let me down this badly. I can't understand how this place has a 4.5 stars rating. Decor- looked like they were rushing to open the restaurant and design was an afterthought. Service- spotty and aloof. Not warm like what you would expect from a neighborhood restaurant. Food- be forewarned I'm going to be brutally honest. The beef tartare looked like it has been sitting out for a while, hence the brownish color. Taste wise it was average, nothing to write home about. The octopus was somewhat decent, it was soft and I enjoyed the lemon vinaigrette. However, it didn't have any of the nice charred flavor. The shishito peppers weren't cooked correctly; it wasn't charred and didn't have any bite left (super mushy). I'm pretty sure they roasted the peppers in an oven that wasn't hot enough.  The worse part of the meal by far was the cheeseburger. Right after the first bite my bf and I almost had to spit it out. The meat had a weird almost pungent after taste that was very indicative of lower quality beef that has been sitting around for a while. My stomach is still churning. Never. Ever. Again.
Just cause.Popular enough that counter seating was the only option for brunch just before 1pm on a Sunday. Upside to not having a table is a great view of life on Chestnut Street.After a late night out we were ready to devour brunch. Good egg white omelette with eggplant, squash, arugula and parmesan didn't last long. Could have used more cheese.Great service extended to providing a side of sweet homemade granola. Appreciated being able to try it. As well as the awesome Sir Kensington's organic ketchup.Will return for the even better reviewed dinner. Might be cause for another star.
First time here... Great food and fabulous service!!I got the biscuits and sausage gravy - highly recommend! Also got to try their bread pudding. Let me just say, I've never been if fan of that stuff until now!I'll definitely be back to try their dinner and wine!
I seriously don't get these 1-2 star reviews on here. I waited until I ate here 3 times before posting, just so I can get a decent and fair review for all you lovely eaters. Decor- Seriously reviewers, it's super lame to knock a restaurant down for their decor, unless it's offensive, I say, stick with the food and service judgement. That said, I really dig the art deco meets industrial look they have. Plus they just opened, so maybe things will get added, but it didn't bother me or ruined my experience. Staff- I got a call from one of the owners, day of to confirm the one time I booked a reservation. He was super friendly to speak to. The other times I ate there, it was just a walk in and they accommodated my group with barely any wait time. The hostess and the servers were all polite and helpful to my dietary needs each visit. The other owner, who is in charge of the wine, is not only knowledgeable on the wines and charming, but hot. ;) Food- The food was amazing. So far I have had the deviled eggs, peppers, ricotta (homemade and to die for), dinner rolls, salmon, chicken, and burger. No complaints, all cooked perfectly, seasoned correctly, I enjoyed every bite. The best part was the doughnut bread pudding at the end. LOVED THAT! Wine pairing was exactly right with every meal. All of my friends that ate there with me had no complaints. Overall- I live in Oakland and I don't mind coming out to San Francisco to eat here, even though it's on Chestnut Street. :) I will come back and I can't wait to try their brunch next. Price was fair for the quality of the food we had and the excellent service. Keep it up Causwells!
Yes, this place is excellent! On a Friday night the host did her best to seat us without reservation, which she did with a smile. Great service and the food was even better. Most all of their ingredients are locally sourced, which is exactly what we wanted. We're in California with some of the best produce, wine, cheese, meat, in the country, so let's eat it! And that's what we did. We don't typically have burgers, but we couldn't pass up this one. It is by far one of the best we've tasted and that alone would make us come back whenever we have a meat craving. In addition, we had the homemade ricotta (fabulous), deviled eggs sampler (excellent), and the baby kale salad (perfect). They also sport an ecclectic drink and dessert menu that will suit anyone's needs. If you are looking for a dinner and movie, the Presidio movie theater is right next door. Have fun.
I drive for one of the hundreds of on-demand food delivery service in the city. When my customer was a no show, I didn't hesitate biting into the burger at the end of my shift. The burger was flavorful and still warm since it sat in an insulated bag. The customer also ordered brussel sprouts which was very tasty. I thought incorporating pomegranate into the dish was very creative. Brought another dimension to otherwise a traditional brussel sprout dish with bacon and lemon juice.
Late lunch of okay little gems chicken salad followed by okay but not worth the calories doughnut bread pudding, table for one. Soooo sloooow. But, with a smile, so that's good, I guess. Maybe better for couples discussing the trajectory of their relationship over a bottle or so of Zinfandel.
Have to admit I was a bit skeptical when I first viewed the menu, but I was pleasantly surprised. Small menu, but everything we tried was good.A few of the standout dishes in order of preference1) Gulf white shrimp and grits2) Burger3) Grilled octopus VERY reasonably priced. Will be back soon.
Few times in life you know you're in the best place on earth.Causwells not only has the best service in SF, but the best food.One beer or a meal, the crew doesn't disappoint. You're treated as a king or queen the moment you enter and it never stops.I love this place.
Updating review. We dined here again recently. Burgers still pretty good, side is some greasy onion rings (would prefer a coke slaw or other vegetable option). This time a glitch appeared again during payment but it was handled professionally and super quick, so I must give credit where due. Tiny place but well decorated and inviting to a certain demographic. Can't say I'd become a regular there, but I'll take their burger over "Super Duper" any day....
If I could give six stars I would!!! This place is open late, serves delicious food super fast, is reasonably priced and close by. I had house made ricotta followed up with the burger then an enormous towering slice of chocolate deco cake. Amazing cake. And SO much of it. One of the owners mentioned they might change the shape of the cake so on my next visit I'll try it again.
The mid priced, farm fresh category is probably the most competitive and contested restaurant segment in the Bay Area. There should be no excuse for mediocrity in this segment, because we are blessed with local farms and great meats and fish, and there are plenty of similar restaurants for budding chefs to test recipes at. Causwells touts itself as using the freshest ingredients, but in this case we found little truth in advertising. Both the ingredients and the cooking were subpar on our visit. The steak tartare was clearly oxidized after sitting out long (probably in the fridge) and the beef was stringy. The staff should check out Gaspar or Alexanders for a reminder of what tartar should look and taste like. The meat in the burger tasted slightly rancid, and it was overcooked (the server didn't ask how we wanted it done) and then paired with a bun that was still cold on top and charred underneath.... clearly just out of the fridge and onto a grill that was too hot. Shisito peppers were not properly roasted or charred and a little gelatinous on the inside. There should be no excuse for misexecuting these as they are really easy to cook (check out Skool for example). The meal was surprisingly poor given the pedigree of the chef, who was formerly the sous at flour+water. Perhaps we just got unlucky and caught the restaurant on a bad day, but the meal had multiple missteps and notably, the servers made no attempt to get feedback after we repeatedly abandoned eating dish after dish.UPDATE: I got a graceful note from the chef after posting this review, and was encouraged to see that he is committed to continuously improving the menu and dining experience. This is a new and locally owned restaurant so don't let one review ward you off from trying it. It will be good to see what other yelpers think once they experience it.
NEW FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN SF!!!!I cannot write enough good things about Causwells. We have been looking for a new restaurant in the Marina area to make our "go to spot" and we have certainly found it. The food, atmosphere and restaurant team are all amazing. The Food - The food at Causwells is terrific. In the few times we have been in, we have tried the steak, the burger, the chicken, the octopus and the heirloom tomato salad - all are FANTASTIC! Each portion is adequate size to share and all are a refreshing take on traditional favorites.The Atmosphere - Dining at Causwells is a fantastic evening out. I am not usually the type of person who lingers over dinner - when I eat at Causwells, I deliberately eat slow so I can enjoy the atmosphere and crowd. It has a really vibrant feeling and is very easy to spend a lot of time eating with friends or a date. The Team - Both of the owners, Tom and Alvin are in the restaurant on weekend nights and spend their time interacting with the patrons. It has been fantastic getting to know them and I will definitely try any other restaurants they open. Both have been great about recommending dishes and have been nice enough to offer to take stuff back if we didn't enjoy them (we have LOVED every one of their suggestions). The bar staff is also fantastic - they make great recommendations and are awesome to talk to. We are looking forward to spending many more nights eating at Causwells and trying out their lunch and brunch as well.
I don't know what all the rave is, the food is average tasting and expensive. There are tons of restaurants in this neighborhood to pick from, and on the next visit It will definitely not be to this place.
Clean, fresh and amazing flavor!!! I keep coming back for more.LOVE the wine list.
Best meal I've had in a very long time. Every single item we ordered off the menu was ridiculously good. Burger was definitely a highlight, and the short ribs were perfect too. Atmosphere was a ton of fun, and service was excellent. My husband and I will be back as soon as possible. This is my new favorite restaurant in the Bay Area. I want that bread pudding dessert every night...
Quick service, very good food, tasty drinks at non-Marina prices. I'm a fan.
My wife and I were commenting over dinner that there are two kinds of restaurants: 1) Places you go because you have plans to go out and need a place to eat.2) A place that the food is so good that it's the reason you decide to go out in the first place.Causewells is certainly the latter.We had the Octopus, Pork Terrine, chicken and salmon.All were really really good.Really impressive.This concludes my annual yelp review.
Dinner tonight was all-around great! From our lovely server to the owner coming by our table to introduce himself and welcome us to the neighborhood, I'm truly impressed with this place. Onto the food: deviled eggs, baby back ribs, jerk chicken, and dirty rice. Deviled eggs were my least favorite out of the whole meal. The highlight was the trout but classic and avocado were fairly ordinary. 3.5/5 stars. Baby back ribs were incredible! The strawberry glaze was not too sweet and paired with the crisp and slightly spicy slaw, un.freaking.real. The ribs themselves were cooked to perfection. Jerk chicken was very, very good as well. Crispy on top and perfectly seasoned. Honestly it's rare to really for me to enjoy chicken because I eat it all the time with salads, but this one was a hit. Loved it. Also, not huge on ordering side dishes, but the dirty rice with chicken livers and all sorts of other goodies was perfected to accompany the chicken. Really savory and perfectly cooked. Thank you to everyone who made tonight so wonderful. We will be back soon!
Causwell's brings me back, across the bridge, across the old haunts, and across the divide between the wonder that was SF and the grandeur that it could be, and in a city nutshell, if you Google bus or muni, taxi or UBER, find your way here, and you'll find your way.
My husband and I were visiting some friends who live in the Bay area and discovered this little gem during our travels.We arrived in the afternoon (maybe around 2p) so the place was not crowded. We took a seat at the bar and immediately started a dialogue with the bartender. I described the type of white wine I like (creamy, buttery, smooth) and he suggested a wine right away. He nailed it.We weren't sure what to order so we asked for some suggestions (vegetarian options only). We were given the deviled eggs, the ricotta lavosh plate and the french toast bites for dessert. The eggs were delicious...honestly, better than what my mom makes - which is saying a lot (but don't tell her)! The ricotta was the one item that I was not too eager about trying but turned out to be so good! The cheese was creamy and there was a bit of honey mixed in to give it a sweetness that was unexpected. The French Toast Bites are not something I would normally order but after promising to try one bite, I ended up eating at least 3 more! The syrup that they were served with really made the dish.Based on our great service, great food and great drink selections, I would definitely recommend this place to others!
I just keep coming back for that awesome Causwells Burger. It is the near perfect burger in meat taste, juiciness, and freshness. I also love their ketchup. Something about it that adds that extra touch. Staff here are always welcoming and very nice.
I stopped by Causewells after a visit to the Palace of Fine Arts, which is a convenient 10-minute walk away. The restaurant itself is situated in a residential area, so it actually has a very neighborhood-friendly feel to it despite the excellent decor. I sat down at around 5:30PM, which means that the place was still relatively empty. The waitstaff was exceptionally friendly and helpful and greeted me immediately. Since I wasn't in the mood for a huge dinner, I ordered several small plates. I had the little gems salad and the calamari, both of which were excellent. My waiter (whom, I might add, was quite handsome) recommended a nice glass of white wine. I topped it off with a slice (or should I say a block) of the chocolate cake. This is not for the faint of heart. I couldn't exactly finish it on my own so I had it to go. This is overall an excellent restaurant that I would revisit as well as recommend to friends.
***Brunch Review***Went there as a group of four and 3/4 ordered the french toast bites and left happy and full...just saying. The latter 25% ordered the "Brunch Burger" which is advertised as an egg, bacon, and aioli. Fair warning though, there is a beef patty somewhere in there too!  Ask for a "blended" mimosa (orange and grapefruit juice), it is great-sized and delicious. If i went back again, which I will for dinner, I would have just sat at the bar. The seating is VERY close-quartered and unless you want to listen to "Marina Girl Says" and her three lulu-lemoned cronies's stories about their night at KT's, save yourself the trouble and sit at the bar. Good job, Causwell's, I look forward to walking half a block from my apartment and trying you out for dinner!
14.00.00    First VisitFood ----------------------- 4 starsService -------------------- 3 1/2 - 4 starsDeviled eggs 3 ways   classic   avocado     rich yolk blended with avocado     they probably didn't use mayo because of the         avocado   smoked trout     nice creative twist, gonna use this in my cooking    Pastrami hash & Fried egg   Pastrami had a nice smoky taste to it.   I wish the portion was a little moreBrunch is not bad.Upon seeing the lunch and dinner menu ...   the more creative dishes are created later.Looking forward to revisit during dinner.
Awesome spot for dinner in the Marina. Food was fantastic, Service was great and the environment is business casual and fun. We had reservations at Causwells but decided to go early and we were seated at the bar immediately. Make sure to plan ahead and book a reservation cause this place doesn't seat many people. For dinner we started with deviled eggs, corn bread, and the homemade ricotta. For our main course we had their Cheese burger. For dessert we had the bread pudding which is actually an Old Fashioned Donut in a pool of cream. The cornbread and Burger really stood out to me but the entire meal was delicious! Since we were at the bar our waitress was the bartender and she was an absolute delight. She offered great suggestions and had the most pleasant demeanor. The environment is business casual but it isn't stuffy at all. Overall, I really enjoyed my dinner at Causwells and would highly recommend you try it if you're in the Marina. Enjoy!
5 stars.  I've been here 3 times now, and despite the location looking small from the outside, its actually very roomy and laid out very well on the inside.The heath score is 100, the food is delicious and the service is great. Pricing is great for the area too! Burger and chicken were amazing. Check out the Three Wine Company's Zinfandel, I had it here for the first time ever and It was so amazing I went and bought a 6 bottles afterwards. Will def be coming back many more times.
TRY THE OCTOPUS! It's absolutely fantastic. Was kind of scared to give it a go, but read the reviews and dove in. Was NOT let down at all.Very cool place.
DELICIOUS and Best ambiance in the Marina.Super cozy, great service and super helpful. Menu: Grilled Octopus is a MUST!! Tasty AND i can eat it all day long. Beets also yummyLittle gems were darling.my party also loved the steak tartareTrout was my personal fave and it was light and yummy.Burger was DELISH. Great for date or friends catch up.
Super cute restaurant on Chestnut x Divis. Has a couple outside tables, but not large enough for groups. We really, really liked everything we ordered from here (3 of us shared a bunch of plates), but don't miss the following: deviled eggs, garlic chive mousse toast, house made ricotta, roasted beets and crispy potato confit. Especially the potatoes. The crispy onions that come as a side to the burger (you can order as a side too) are also delicious. For dessert, the All-Star Donut Bread Pudding is killer, and rich enough to share (on 7x7s The Big Sweet).
Cool little restaurant on Chestnut. Awesome burger - one of the best I've ever had. Corn bread was also excellent. Really chill yet professional service staff. My wife complained her chicken was too soft but this is my review so I'm still giving them 5 stars.
I'd actually give this place a 3 and a half star rating, if I could.Basically, their wine and the like selection for brunch seems really awesome, but since I'm going to have a baby in December, that part, at the moment was pretty useless, but I'd have been a -very- happy camper if it weren't for the above mentioned baby thing :)They don't have a kids' menu, but if you have a child that's not a picky eater, they'll be happy to accommodate with what they have - our 6 year old had a fried egg, a side of heirloom tomatoes and onions and toast with butter on the side and left very full.Husband and I both had the burger - it was fine, nothing wrong with it, salad on the side, not a memorable burger by any means.Service was fantastic, and what -really- actually made the meal, was the pickled peach shortcake, which was quite awesome.Had there been a few more things on the menu to choose from, this place would be a solid 4 stars.
I went here for a post gym brunch last weekend. I must say everything about my experience was great. The service was good, the food was good and prices are really good considering it's in the Marina. I had the Pastrami Hash with the fried egg and it was super tasty. The other upside to this place is the $4.50 mimosa. Unheard of! I will definitely add this place to my post gym breakfast/brunch or dinner repertoire.
Enjoyed a glass of wine, a main of this concoction: 'Zuckerman's Farm's asparagus, sunchoke, carrot, barley', and split the donut bread pudding. The barley dish was delicious - a collection of seasonal veggies, with pureed pea sauce, and barley. Light, seasonal, and spot-on. The bread pudding was totally worth it - light, moist, and flavorful!Overall, great ambiance, excellent service, delicious food. A nice way to spend a Friday evening!
Definitely a new hot spot in San Francisco and a great addition to the Marina. I eat out A LOT and was very excited and blown away with the uniqueness and complementing flavors of the menu. I've actually had quite a few items from here already that I highly recommend!Small Plates:-Smoked Brisket - ridiculously delicious. There's this onion jam that is fantastic - awesome small plate to share-Octopus - I'm usually not a fan of our 8-legged friend per the texture, but damn... this was spot on! Try it!-Steak Tartare - seconds please? They had two versions at their pop ups prior to opening, one grass fed, one not, and they chose to use the grass fed version... it really didn't matter because they are both off the hook! If you're a fan of tartare or not, can't go wrong here. *Quail egg is an excellent touch and addition*-Deviled Eggs - you can choose between 3 different styles/options... I chose all 3... :)-House made ricotta, rosemary honey, lavosh - the chef, Adam, came from Flour + Water and apparently makes everything in-house and picks up everything daily and locally... quality and deliciousness stand out-Beet and Citrus Salad - fantastic... awesome, healthy choice, great to share (or eat alone) and I can see this being a very popular item when they get their patio open for outdoor dining.Main Dishes:-Trout - I shared this dish. Can't say it was great because it was EXCELLENT. Never had trout prepared by a restaurant, but I'm extremely happy my date chose this. We shared it. Brown butter with the lemon and herb was spot on.-Burger - "Traditional" American Burger - brioche, cheese, Causwells homemade sauce, and chips. Shared this dish with a friend and it was very fulfilling!Dessert:Bread Pudding - omfg this is like crack... I've never done crack... but one can assume... I don't even like Bread Pudding, but I've had this 3 times from here already... don't judge me until you try it yourself :)I'd recommend doing an app, small plate or two, share a main dish, then grab a dessert. Wine and beer only, but their options are really fantastic... lots of beer bottle choices you should definitely check out (beyond what's on the taps) and the wine list was filled with lots of options too!
Causwells is convenient to my apartment and well-reviewed and pretty inexpensive and has really good service. So it demands a visit.  I got there at 5:30, just before the crowds hit the bar in the place. That might lead you to think that the food would be an afterthought. Not so. Each plate of food that I had was well-conceived and well-executed.A case in point was a beautifully executed heirloom tomato salad that came with some breaded peppers. Light , lively, tasty. An appetizer of shrimp, grits, and sausage was perfectly plated and every component of the dish was perfectly prepared. This turned out to be my least favorite part of the meal.  I don't know why but it just didn't sing to me. Probably every one else will like this better than I.The hamburger was two patties of well-charred and relatively well-done beef that despite being a bit too cooked were still to my taste.  The potato chips that came with the burger were pallid. An astringent slaw of some kind would have added acid to the plate to cut the fat of the burger. But never mind. The burger was really good and the price was right.
OMG, where do I start?Location/atmo: It's a fun neighborhood spot that's perfect for grabbing a glass or two after work, a casual weekend brunch, or having a late night bite after seeing a movie (it's adjacent to the Presidio Theater). Large picture windows with a bar rail for people watching on the 'nut (my favorite sport), a slick bar with plenty of seating, and tables outside for 16 (!!!). I've now eaten there 5-6 times and here are my thoughts...Don't miss:* House made ricotta with rosemary and honey, served with lavosh (it's "crack")* Steak tartare* Grilled octopus* Smoked brisket with onion jam and spicy mustard (insider tip: also order the Rye parkerhouse rolls and make your own brisket sliders...yum) * Burger...seriously.Pluses: * Outdoor seating at the sunny end of Chestnut...far, far away from the Circa crowd* Friendly, seasoned staff who know their stuff* Lively atmosphere* Kitchen is open until 1am* Nicely priced selection of wines by the glass, and large list of beers (4 on tap)My only call outs are that it can get a bit loud when it's full, and due to the size of the place, it is better suited for smaller groups.If you haven't been yet...run, don't walk!
I rarely write reviews, but this a must. So rare to find an awesome place with great food and amazing service at a decent price in the city. This place hits all the key notes and more. My favorite is the smoked trout salad for lunch or their famous burger for dinner. Excellent diverse wine selection, try the sauv sparkling...yum!
Good but nothing really stood out. The burger reminds me of a Big Mac but w real beef. Octopus salad w chickpeas, shishito peppers and the donut bread pudding were all good as expected for this price range. 3.5 to 4 stars.
Not a bad little brunch spot. My girlfriend and I met up at the bar, and just decided to eat there. I was late, as usual, and she had some delicious deviled eggs and a mimosa waiting. Thank you, Aria There were 3 halves- one topped with smoked trout, one made with avocado & your average deviled egg. They were tasty! I like the smoked trout best. Those eggs did not stop me from ordering an omelette. I ordered a bacon & onion omelette and loved it. I found it refreshing that it didn't come with toast & potatoes, but instead a nice green salad. I felt full, but not stuffed. This place gets a big thumbs up from me.
The Goods: really yummy and tasty burger, grapefruit mimosa, and lavash app. It's nice to sit outside if the weather is great.The Bad: service is meh. If you are in a hurry, don't go here. They are SLOW. They also forget things in your order. I get it, the food is good, but it takes away from the experience when the service is sub-par. I went here 2 days in a row, even from a sub-par service the first time because the food was yummy, but 2nd time was the same story...slooooowwwww.....
We found Causwell's late on a Thursday evening when everywhere seemed to be closed. They're open until 1am, not sure how late the kitchen is open but we were served sometime around 11pm.Causwell's is a small place, tucked into a wing of a theater building, we almost missed it. Great little dining room with a modest bar and a nice vibe. Everyone was pleased with their food, no complaints. I had the Chicken which is cooked in a tasty beer based sauce (there was a fancy name for it that I can't recall but it was good). Others got various salads and the burger and it was all good.The servers were friendly and the wine selection decent. Would go back when in SF again.
One of the best burgers I've had in the city! Amazing. If you go for breakfast/brunch, the breakfast burger is incredible too!
Had a wonderful dinner at Causwells last Thursday. The decor is a gorgeous blend of art deco and modern with lots of unique touches - check out the light fixtures hanging above the bar, made from re-purposed bar stools from the diner that was there before. The food and service were both spot on and the staff is clearly experienced and professional. If I didn't know they'd only been open a few days, I never would have suspected.The food - small plates and larger plates, great for sharing and exploring the menu. We had: - Deviled eggs - 3 to the order, each one a different flavor.- House made ricotta - so creamy and delicious, set off with a little honey and lavosh for dipping.- Little gems salad - fresh, tasty, nice balance of flavors and very pretty presentation- Trout - a bigger plate, but perfect for sharing, as it was served in two pieces, over corn and green beans. Very summery, with nice crispy skin.- Cherry tart for dessert was very well complimented by a dessert zinfandelCan't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu and really looking forward to when they start serving brunch. A great addition to the Marina.
Love the Causwells burger. I've found myself ordering a lot of burgers lately, as the burger craze in SF has heated up. This is hands down my favorite thin patty, upscale In N Out style burger, that is perfectly charred on the outside, with delicious melted American style cheese. I live downtown, and this is a burger I drive across town for.Also, the doughnut bread pudding makes my inner fat kid really happy.
Have gone to Causwells a few times now since it's so close by, twice for dinner. It's a fairly new place so I don't want to be too critical, but the vibe needs a little work. The decor is awfully hard so it gets extremely loud, not bad if you want to sit at the bar and have a few drinks/snacks but too much if you're trying to sit down with a group for dinner. I'm also not sure why they have an open view to the kitchen, the tile reminds me of an old locker room......kind of grossThe wine and beer list is great. An awesome selection of local beer and a lot of variety, my fianc was very pleased. I've been really pleased with most everything we have ordered for food. I feel like deviled eggs are a bit of slowing fad since so many upscale "taverns" have opened in SF within the last few years. That doesn't mean I don't like them, and the smoked trout deviled eggs at Causwells were awesome. We've also tried the smoked brisket (loved it), grilled octopus (see comment on deviled eggs), pork terrine, and salad. Pork terrine was the only thing I didn't care for. We've also ordered the burger twice now, and boy is it good. I highly recommend it, very juicy and flavorful.The great thing about this place is the quality of food for a fairly reasonable price, it's what a neighborhood restaurant should be like. I feel this is a great place to grab some drinks and a few casual bites of food. A few improvements are needed on the inside but since they just opened I think they will come around. I'll definitely be back :)
The service and atmosphere was very appealing. I had the pleasure to meet Tom, the owner who was courteous and catered to his costumers needs.
I base my reviews on three things: food, ambience and services. If I were to rate each item separately, it would be thusly:- Food: 4 stars- Ambience: 4 stars- Service: 2 stars.The meal started out well. The octopus salad was stunning. The sliced octopus was surprisingly tender and went well with the lemon based dressing. The new gems salad was nothing to write about, just a salad. I have to say, the Rye Parkerhouse Rolls & Cultured Butter were outstanding, freshly baked and steaming hot. The butter was soft and quickly melted on the rolls. Among the entrees, the salmon was outstanding. They crisped the skin and allowing the rest of the slice cook through but stopping in time for the middle to remain rare. The steak was ....Well, here is where we start talking about the negatives. While the steak was done perfectly medium rare with a sprinkle of grimalata over some roasted vegetables and potatoes - it took two tries to reach this perfection. YES - TWO TRIES!My wife's salmon came out and the server said my steak would be done in a few minutes. We waited, and we waited, and we waited. Finally, the owner, Alvin Garcia, delivered the dish. By then, my wife had finished her dish. The owner was profusely apologetic (I would have taken off more stars if he wasn't). He explained that during the shift change there was a mixup on the order and my plate just sat there slowly becoming medium instead of medium rare. He was proactive and said that he had already told the cook to place another steak for me and the medium steak I had in front of me was just so I would have something to eat and I don't even have to eat it. They would box it up for me when my properly cooked steak was served. I nibbled at the luke-warm dish waiting for the new order.It finally arrived and I wish I could say the wait was worth it. It was really good, but by then the sour taste in my mouth was not coming from the food.The owner returned, sincerely apologized, and offered to pay for our entrees and offered us a dessert free of charge.His concern and obvious consternation over what happened and what he did to try and ameliorate the situation are the only reasons I didn't opt for two stars.So we walked out with a smaller bill than expected and a box of medium-cooked steak which went well with fried rice the next day. Unfortunately, too little, too late.
Literally one of the BEST burgers ever, so yummy. Don't ruin it with ketchup.
Came here for a client meeting and boy, I wish I had come before now. You MUST try the deviled eggs.... they were out of this world! And the Causwells' famous hamburger was the best burger I've ever had, bar none!! It was incredibly light and fresh tasting, and the wine I had was delicious (sorry, I can't remember the name!). I will definitely be back to this restaurant for more!! Nothing short of absolutely FABULOUS!!
Best Burger and Staff in SF!I def. recommend the burger. Plus fantastic wine/beer selection. Fantastic service!There are lots of other tasty items on the menu, too. The menu changes quite a bit but the burger is always there.The brunch burger is my favorite!
On a 4 day trip to SF, I had the privilege of dining at Causwells twice for dinner with friends and over those visits I ordered a variety of the menu items. I'm normally not a burger order-er in a restaurant but glad I broke tradition and tried Causwell's...one of the best burger's I've had! The pilsner brined chicken breast the next night might be my favorite though and I loved the Dirty Rice, Corn w/goat cheese, beet & quinoa, and the ricotta with rosemary honey & lavosh plates. Two weeks later it's all still fresh in my memory. Usually my meal memory is very short but not this time. If I had to give any negative it would be on a busy fri/sat night, when the place is packed there'll probably be a small line to use the bathroom (there's only a single 1-person bathroom on premises) and sometimes the bartender is in the weeds and some extra patience is required waiting on drinks. They only have a beer/wine license (great selections of those though) so if hard spirits are your thing you'll have to wait till after dinner when you bounced over to your next spot to get your fix. Great energy in Causwells & the staff was warm and friendly. I look forward to visiting again on my next visit to SF to experience next season's menu!
Had a great burger here but I had to give just 4 stars because the atmosphere is awful. I was crammed into a table right next to a couple with a noisy baby. It is just too small - not very comfortable seating. Definitely not a place for kids - too small and screaming toddlers do not add to the charm. The food seems great - owner should think about getting better space where people can enjoy the food and the experience.
Everything we ordered was delicious. The burger was absolutely perfect! It's a must try. My wife had the smoked pork grilled cheese with picketed jalapeos and it was divine. We are from out of town, so when the owner stopped by our table, he gave us a long list of recommendations to include other eateries! Great food! Great service! Comfortable and casual atmosphere, reasonably priced and had a diverse beer and wine selection. Absolutely worth a try and totally worth returning to when in town!
Ricotta cheese = must order!I have been to Causwells a few times - the shrimp and grits, burger and trout are my favorites!
Awesome restaurant! Great service, super accommodating with any type of allergy! Dinner was romantic and well paced. All the food was to die for there's nothing we wouldn't try again! Can't wait to go back for wine and to split a million more small plates! Highly recommended!
Causwells is a great New American restaurant. I love the food, but I especially love the smoked salmon deviled eggs. Also the staff are always nice and welcoming.
Great experience - yummy food! A bit too loud for my senses.
A real gem in the Marina. We had many things on the menu and pretty much everything was great. I would particularly recommend the hangar steak and the deviled eggs. Hits just the right tone between casual and up-market.We'll be back next time we're in the area!
Great place with friendly staff! Been there for brunch: amazing coffee (and we got 4-5 refills!) and great brunch (the sizes could have been a bit bigger maybe).Looking forward to test the dinner menu.
I absolutely love this place! I am always on the lookout for great, healthy, fabulous tasting food and Causwells has nailed it. Do not get me wrong - they have nailed the dessert too amongst everything else lolThe Art Deco decor I absolutely love. But what really ties it all together for me are the wonderful owners and chef - each one has brought the best of their past experiences to the table to create such a wonderful dining experience. They know what they are doing and always have time to say hi to each person they know or don't know. Food I have had thus far:Deviled eggs: 3 different bites that each deliver a unique taste. Classic, avocado & smoked trout (my favorite) lol if I could order this everyday I probably would. Great way to get my protein in ;) Asparagus: the combination of asparagus, mushrooms, egg and the cheese 'teleme' go so well together. I have never had the cheese before but it is soft, creamy and delish! It's like breakfast but for dinner lol I have also had the steak tartare & sweet corn. Do I really have to say it?! So good!!! Lol I honestly can go on and on about how much I will continue to eat here. And the desserts?! Cherry Tart:I'm not typically a fan of cherry anything but let's just say - before this tart - i do not believe I have had a cherry before lol Needless to say, it was gone in a few minutes!!! Oops! Bread pudding. Who doesn't love bread pudding much less ones that are made from DONUTS lol who does that?! They do. And it's damn good. Wine: wonderful selection... I'm pretty sure you get it by now. Lol
Food is very good and the service is exceptional. The burger, as has been written about, is very good. However, having been there a few times now, the menu boasts better choices on the appetizer menu that I will willingly binge on rather than the main menu. The deviled eggs are amazing as is the house made ricotta with rosemary honey.Overall, a spectacular new spot in the Marina.
My friend and I went to Causwells for Sunday brunch and made a reservation. When we arrived, the table that was planned for us was still occupied by another party and the hostess was incredibly apologetic. My friend and I were completely fine waiting for a bit, and what made the wait so enjoyable was the hostess brought over grapefruit mimosas for the both of us...on the house for the longer than expected wait! Once we were seated, the server brought us over their house ricotta with lavash, also on the house! Everyone there was very attentive and sweet, and I would certainly come back. As for the brunch entrees, highly recommend the veggie omelet, and of course the grapefruit mimosas!
One of my favorite spots in the Marina! The staff is great and the food is amazing. For brunch, the pastrami hash is the best!
The burger here is a thing of beauty. Buttery, crispy, perfectly balanced and oh sooo sooo yummy!
It's a new beat within a familiar neighborhood sound. The staff is pretty fantastic, everyone one of them greeted me with a smile and service. Sundays seem to be nice and casual, I sat at the bar, had a drink and ate like a king. I had deviled eggs, arugula salad, ricotta and steak tartare. I honestly couldn't tell you which one was my favorite, I only ordered from the small plates. Enjoy!
Amazing food! Truly a dining experience! Alvin took care of my whole family, a party of 8. Try the ricotta, deviled eggs, and the burger!
Surprisingly got a rez at 10am on Superbowl Sunday....anyway, the food is absolutely stellar and the service was extremely friendly and accommodating. Will def go back there next time I'm in town!!
Get the burger. Do it for you.
Unfortunately, I did not have as great an experience at Causwells as other people. This is mainly due to service. My friend and I came in on a Sunday afternoon, around 2pm. It wasn't crowded and there were lots of tables open. We were promptly seated by hostess, a blonde girl with hipster glasses, who said nothing to us other than asking, "Two?" Then we waited. We watched three servers pass us by, none of them acknowledged us. We watched the hostess walk around and clean up the tables around us (very slowly). After five minutes of waiting for someone to come and acknowledge us, or just say that someone would be with us soon, we asked the hostess, who was near our table, if we could have some water. "Yeah," was the curt response we got. After seven minutes we finally got a little water and a server. Our server, was very smiley when she was around...which was twice (once to take the order and once to give us the bill). The hostess had an attitude like her shit didn't stink and the servers seemed aloof. Honestly, the food was good, but there are a lot of good restaurants in SF with better service. It's good thing Causwells has other people and publications who praise it, but my friend and I certainly won't be recommending it to our friends or our editors.
This place is nothing short of fantastic. Much prefer it over A16 across the street. Then menu doesn't jump off the page but every dish is wonderfully cooked and bursting with flavor. Go here for brunch or dinner. Also the chicken entree is a must order.
Food for brunch was excellent. The burger was quite delicious. Next time I'm going to hit the biscuits and gravy. Jared, our server, was working incredibly hard, adeptly managing an unanticipated rush at a weird time in-between normal brunch hours and dinner. A for effort, A- for overall execution.
Everything on the menu is a ringer. The pork belly and the octopus are especially good, but the entire menu is delicious. Service and ambiance is great too. Definitely recommend a visit.
That's good food and not overpriced.   Wine selection is pretty good.  Service was friendly & knowledgeable.   Good to have a better food spot in the Marina !
Funny little place with charm, good staff, and a great little menu. I ordered the breakfast burger and a beer and am still happy about my order. If you want a better culinary breakfast experience then come here.
This place is a great fit for Chestnut street. It has an energetic vibe and really friendly staff. The owner is a super nice guy who took the time to chat with us and be hands on with his staff on the floor. It's the kind of place you feel totally relaxed in, a good neighborhood watering hole with yummy food to enjoy with friends. Good wines by the bottle include Kosta Brown and Foxen. I enjoyed the octopus for a lighter option and my husband enjoyed the short ribs. Nice work guys - overall really good experience.
Down to earth atmosphere and service. Even better food!! 3 thumbs up for the octopus and burger.
Went here for dinner a few weeks ago to check it out as my gf lives in the neighborhood. Didn't have very high expectations but safe to say we were both more than pleased. Everything was very delicious but the three must haves were:1. homemade ricotta. I am generally not a huge ricotta fan as I think it takes a backseat to mozzarella and burratta but this dish proved me wrong. It was every bit as good as the burratta down the street at delarosa. Must order2. The trout with corn salsa was 5 stars. Crispy skin trout with a delicious corn salsa. I'm all about that corn.3. Shrimp and Grits. Rich, creamy, deliciousHighly recommend. Sit outside if it's a nice night.
Great atmosphere. Went there twice, the salad portion was small. Still need to try it again
Wow well worth the visit.. From the Mimosa & Belgian IPA to Deviled Eggs to the Burger! Hotdamn...
Watch out for the Octopus... It will attack ur taste buds and leave u wanting more!!! Great service! Thanks for helping us celebrate my birthday!
Great spot for lunch - I had the smoked pork grilled cheese sandwich, which had a bit of a kick and the donut bread pudding. Best part? They're open in that awkward post lunch period I always seem to hit (2:30-5pm).
Excellent food and service. The hostess Overheard us mentioning the movie we were seeing after dinner. She relayed it to the waitress who let us know that she would be timing the meal to suit our schedule. It really is the little things that shows a restaurant pays attention to detail. That feeling was carried over to the food. We got four of the small plates and each one was AMAZING. The butternut squash tasted exactly how autumn does. I could eat the shrimp and grits for days. The octopus was delicious. The wines were rich and tasty. If you haven't understood what I'm saying already: it was awesome! Looking forward to going back to get the burger that we saw which looked fabulous. Great new spot in the Marina.
ladies and gentlemen, we have a new contender for best burger in the city. i was blown away by the size, taste and juicyness of the burger. so good and so cheesy. if you like cheese, then you will love the burger even more. and i love cheese.everything we tried was phenomenal. the pastrami was tender and some of the best ive had in recent memory. pork belly was great. dinner rolls came out hot and were really good too. we also had the deviled eggs and the shishito peppers and neither lasted too long as we plowed through both servings.all in all one of the best meals, top to bottom ive had in the city. and the fact it serves food so late is awesome and welcomed in a dinner scene with not very many quality late night options.the only reason it isnt 5 stars? our server was a little spacy and not too attentive. the bussers and host were both great and occasionally helped but the chick we had was rarely seen and at one point while were about to order more food, she literally walked off. i noticed she was only one of 2 working at the time so maybe she was just stressed out. she was still friendly and got our order right, despite the inattentiveness. i wont let this stop me from coming back again. and again. and again.well done causwells.
Amazing ricotta spread appetizer and delicious burgers. Great staff and atmosphere. I was in SF for one night and I am glad I stumbled upon Causwells.
So, I have been to Causwells a few time and I can honestly say I LOVE THIS PLACE. I would consider myself a foodie and love living in San Francisco with soooo many great places but Causwells is a cut above the rest. The burger is top 3 in the city I might even say it's better then Nopas. I love the ricotta, deviled eggs (the one with the smoked trout is my fave) I also love the chicken. They take both walk ins and reservations and the staff is always sooo nice! Can't wait to go back and try more ;)
We stopped here on a Saturday afternoon because of the Yelp reviews. The service was really slow. After getting our menus, we probably waited for about 15 minutes for the server to take our order... Then after we finished our meal, we had to wait another 15 or so minutes to get the check. Not sure if it was because of the outdoor seating location.The food was good and not stellar where I would return.- French toast bites - small pieces of french toast with brandy sauce. Portion was just right for me (small bowl of cubed french toast) and hit the spot. - Burger brunch that had an egg, bacon, aoli. Just an okay burger...It just seemed a bit overpriced for what we got...
A friend and I hadn't had dinner and needed a late night snack. We stepped into Causwells because the kitchen was open and there were open seats (this place is always packed). We started with the deviled eggs: smoked trout, avocado and classic. They were distinctly delicious. I preferred the classic. Next we had the perfectly charred, grilled octopus. Yum. Then the pork belly confit with an apple celery salad and apple gastrique. So amazing. Pork rich and beautifully balanced by the sauce and salad. My friend had the banana bread with hot chocolate dessert. The presentation was a play on a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. It was super cute and apparently super delicious as my friend, who isn't a big eater, finished every last bite.I will be back.
Causwells is my happy place. Amazing food the best service. The beer is amazing and the wine. The service is the warmest on the block!
We've been here a couple times now and will be back for sure. Their appetizers are very yummy with just all the seasoning and fresh flavors we love. Had the deviled eggs and pea lavash appetizers and couldn't believe how creamy and fresh they tasted. The bbq trout on the deviled eggs was like fish bacon. The double cheeseburger with American cheese is like a throwback old-school burger that is dripping with juice and ohmygod flavor. Everything here is on point. The portions of onion strings (or potato confit) on the side of the burgers was so large that after eating our fill it looked like we hadn't touched it and we took some home. Great taps and bottles of beer from all over California, the US, and the world. Nice dessert wine to finish our dinner. And can't forget to mention that the service was very wonderful. Nice Jared who took care of everything we needed before we even asked. We look forward to the next time we get to try that decadent burger or whatever we order for the first time is sure to be good.
Wow, what a wonderful addition to Chestnut Street. I had a GREAT experience here. The restaurant was packed, but I was seated on time, which is very important to me, and the whole reason I make reservations. Then we (sorta accidentally) met one of the owners, Alvin, who spoke so enthusiastically and passionately about the food, we were all dreamy-eyed and excited when we returned to our menus. Then we asked our server about HIS favorites, and adorably, and promisingly, he listed several *completely different items*, with the same depth of knowledge and the same excitement. How great is that? I was with my very favorite foodie friends, who tend to over-order. And I'm using over-order as a euphemism for "order 90% of the menu" so really...we sampled a LOT. And we were all SO glad we did. We had the shishito peppers, deviled eggs, house-made ricotta, burger, chicken, heirloom tomato salad, octopus, plus shrimp-and-grits with perfectly-cooked tender shrimp. Frankly, this is one of the few places where I am so convinced of the chef's talent, I'd try just about any dish he served up. (It's Adam Rosenblum, I looked it up.) I enjoyed my ros, and my friends enjoyed their GSM and Tempranillo. So basically you can't go wrong if you get a wine recommendation. Definitely give this restaurant a try. It's on fire.
We came here for dinner and brunch. The food was ok, there were some minor service flubs but nothing major. What really irked me was the fact that at brunch, if you get the omelet you have to order bread and potatoes separately. This seems to be a trend in a few restaurants, but usually you will get some sort of great homemade bread and tasty breakfast potatoes. That was not the case here, the potatoes ($3.50, small and cold) were the kind you find in any diner. The bread ($2.50) was regular store bought sliced bread. I left with the vague feeling of being ripped off.
Just had brunch here for the first time, and it will undoubtedly become a go-to. Simple yet delicious menu and great service! They seemed to have a knack for popping over at just the right moment we wanted something. Jon was delightful and fabulously accommodating for our high maintenance substitution requests. :) Thanks!
Wine Savvy Staff. Best Shrimp & Grits in the city! Takes an amazing and authentic dish to impress a Native Cajun. This one qualifies! C'est Si Bon!
We stumbled upon this place after a hike at the Presidio and will definitely be back! The restaurant is small, but they make good use of the space so it never felt crowded or uncomfortable. We sat at the bar and had amazing service from the two bartenders that took care of us - Alicia is the only name I remember.We had the Deviled Eggs (great version of these!), roasted beets, and a veggie omelet and everything was amazing. We also had the Fort Point Double IPA, which is practically narcotic it is so good. The prices were very reasonable, the service was topnotch, and the food is delicious. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Excellent food, Excellent prices, OK space. The burger was amazing, good selection of craft beer, octopus was very good!
I'm so lucky to have this new spot in my neighborhood. I'm also lucky that it's THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD. Also, the bar is made of a beautiful rock. Nice striations. I'll be back a lot.
This place just opened around the corner from our apartment and we couldn't be happier! Chestnut rarely has new restaurants open up and this one is a winner. I've been once for dinner and once for brunch and both were great. The ricotta, octopus and deviled eggs were the best. My brother in law got the burger which I didn't try but it looked incredible and I will go back to eat it. I also had the yogurt parfait for brunch and it was great - fresh peaches, homemade granola - delicious. I give one star off only because when we had dinner the service wasn't that great. Granted it was a busy night and they've only been open a few weeks. I will be back.
This place is way overpriced. The portion sizes at this restaurant are absolutely terrible. Order the brisket plate and they give you three itty bitty pieces of meat. You can literally eat this $15 plate in about 2 minutes. The doughnut bread pudding was terrible. And it is hard to make a bad doughnut bread pudding. The restaurant was out of alot items when we went. The service was pitiful. Not experienced help. Food taste 7/10Service 5/10Atmosphere 5/10 Very tight seatingGrade: C-
Amazing food and great service. The burgers there are hands down the best! We tried the deviled eggs as well and were very pleased. Great atmosphere too!
Food: Delicious! I had the autumn squash, cauliflower, farro and it was flavorful and filling! Everything was perfectly cooked. We also had the 3 wine company's zinfandel, which I enjoyed.We sat outside which fit a party of 8 well, but on a trip inside I noticed that the lighting and the ambiance would make a perfect date spot!
Certainly one the top 5 steaks I ever had was this one here! Great service and a cozy atmosphere!
Open for not too long & you can tell. The food was pretty good but not out of this world like so many SF spots. And the service was just OK - they were nice about forgetting our main course, but they did forget it. It's also tight, tight, tight in there - our table in the front right corner was awkwardly stuck in there but seemed to not belong. It was fine, but I was disappointed, hoping for more. Try it in a few months. I probably will too! I get it when spots are new... I should have waited until some kinks got ironed out.
I've been to Causwells a few time now and I can say that every single experience has been nothing short of amazing! It's a cool, hip new space on chestnut street with a bit of a raw and beautiful feeling with the original concert walls, cool vibe and decor. The food is AMAZING! Everything I've had has a unique taste that's fresh and different with the same feelings of comfort! The homemade ricotta is to die for and the rolls and the donut bread pudding and the... (Everything)! I have enjoyed seeing new things added to the menu to always keep it interesting and fresh!The wine and beer lists are GREAT! You really can't go wrong here! I haven't had a chance to experience brunch but I'm so excited to get a chance! All in all this is a great neighborhood place owned by a couple of boys who have been around the SF food and wine business and they have truly delivered and know what they are doing and this is just what chestnut street needed! I'd highly recommend Causwells!!!
Donut bread pudding? Yes please! Okay, so I can't live off of donut bread pudding, good thing they also have an amazing steak tartare and the best brisket I have ever had, just don't tell my mom I said that. This place also has a cool-casual atmosphere. Great place to grab a bite after work or on the weekend with family.
Service was super friendly and the food was tasty. It's also a great little neighborhood find, so I'll be back!
Had dinner here last night, we sat at the window by off of the bar, this is a great place to people watch and see all the folks going into A16. The food was delicious. The wine list in minimal but okay. My husband had the chicken which was savory and the brown rice tasted almost like thanksgiving stuffing. I enjoyed the grape salad with the champagne dressing, it was tasty and fresh. This place was very busy and had a cool atmosphere.
Overall a pretty disappointing experience. Had two wines from the list, both undrinkable (and I'm typically not particular with wine).Appetizers were pretty good - octopus and steak tartare. Boyfriend liked the halibut, though the corn side it came with was pretty plain. My steak, which came out 10 minutes after the halibut, was so tough I couldn't even chew through it. Service was friendly but slow, and a bit absent minded. Our $100 would have been better spent at A16 across the street.
Checked out the restaurant when we were in the area since it had great yelp reviews. I don't know what the put in the beet salad dish but it was awesome! The peppers we ordered was very fresh, tasted like just picked off the vine. We also loved the steak, very juicy and cooked just right - medium rare. My 4 year old son ate at least half of the steak. The chicken was good too but I thought the steak dish was more flavorful. Deviled eggs were good too but my kids did not like it. Will definitely recommend checking it out if you are in the neighborhood.
Second time back and was as awesome as the first!Cozy, warm atmosphereAttentive and knowledgable serversClean flavors yielded from fresh and local ingredientsLOVE the deviled eggs and shisito peppersWill definitely be back soon!
Given the high yelp ratings, I was really looking forward to this new Marina dining experience. We planned Sunday brunch and enjoyed prompt seating outside on a beautiful day. The food menu was very limited, but the bar side was robust. Small plates and expensive - that would be ok if the quality was there. We did not find value given the adequate, but unremarkable quality of the food and service. We ordered the cheeseburger, deviled eggs, omelette, biscuits and gravy and pastrami hash with an extra egg and a scrambled side egg. The hash had only a few pieces of meat and was mostly fat. The biscuits were thin and lacked flavor. Sausage gravy was unremarkable. Deviled eggs were very good - especially the bite with trout - at $6 for 1 1/2 eggs we felt over priced. Service was cordial, but we had problems with our order. We ordered a side scrambled egg for our 1 year old and asked that it be brought out first. It was not served at all without prompting and then only after all other food had been delivered but still no egg. The hash was ordered with a second egg and that too was not delivered and we had to ask for it also only to have it brought late. Seemed a problem with the kitchen. We live in the neighborhood and regularly enjoy Sunday brunch - this was a disappointment. I would have given one star, but this is a new place and perhaps they are working out the kinks.
Welcome to the neighborhood Causwells! What an absolutely fantastic new and delicious addition. I had dinner here last week and everything we had was wonderful - would highly recommend the deviled eggs, baby kale salad, trout (amazing!!!), and parker house roles. Service was attentive, thoughtful, and welcoming. One of my new favorite restaurants in San Francisco!
Amazing new spot in the Marina!My boyfriend took me there last night and food was great and the service outstanding.We had a movie to catch (Presidio theatre is conveniently located right next door) and the waitress rushed our order without us even having to ask. Also, they are open until 1 am which is a huge plus! Will definitely come back!
Absolutely love this place, great food, great vibes and reasonably priced. An excellent addition to the neighborhood! Been several times and has yet to disappoint. I've had almost everything on the menu and was impressed by each item, especially the Pilsner brined Hoffman Farms chicken breast, the steak and the donut bread pudding
Absolutely awesome meal. We had the house made ricotta, steak tartar, octopus, deviled eggs, trout, and finished it off with the bread pudding. All was excellent. Highly recommend this new spot. Alvin and staff were amazing. Great beer and wine too. Very good, might even have to go back for brunch tomorrow.
OK, I now have a new favorite restaurant in SF. After getting the pretentious cold shoulder with my family at A1 on Chestnut, we walked directly across the street to Causwells, and boy, did A1 ever do us a favor. We were greeted as if they genuinely desired us to dine in their charming restaurant adjacent to the Presidio Theater. Open for less than a year, this place has customer service at it's highest level down pat. Rightly known for it's juicy American Burger & onion strings, we also sampled wonderful devilled eggs (3 styles), perfect liver pt, and tasty squash on faro. We were even presented with a fantastic & complimentary honey & rosemary ricotta spread with flat bread chips. I wish we had room for the great looking deserts (bread & rice puddings), but alas the belt already had to be loosened. The waiter was super helpful & polite, the owners made the rounds to the tables, and the whole staff seems so happy to be there. The beer & wine selection are noteworthy and the prices very reasonable. I cannot over emphasize the fun & wonderful experience we had here. Two thumb's up for this gem of an establishment.
A welcome addition to the Marina! Great vibe, delicious wines, and mouth watering food! I recently went for brunch and had a very pleasant experience. The French toast bites, ricotta app., and biscuit and gravy, and side of bacon were all delicious! The bacon was crispy, which I love!  Service was attentive and friendly.
This gastropub halfway between Chrissy Field and Fort Mason is well worth a stop for a full meal or light nosh. My bff and I were walking over to the Palace of Fine Arts, and I was famished although he would have been happy with a taco truck. Instead he yelped the area we were in, as I window shopped on Chestnut Street. Voila! Causwells came up as the best thing nearby and so he quickly made an online reservation as most of the eateries we had passed before then had long lines. Well, seven minutes later we were escorted to our corner table and the place was hopping but mellow for a Sunday early bite to eat. Some families and a few couples were situated around us, all with happy faces, draft beers and wine glasses strewn amongst the curious looking plates: deviled eggs, chicken liver toasts, beet salads, and the like. Jared, our adorable bday celebrating waiter, suggested the squash soup and fresh ricotta with rosemary infused honey. The latter was the best appetizer I have had in years--ripe cheese with a twist of freshly ground pepper, delectable honey and just the right amount of crackers (sort of an olive oil wonton-shaped affair; it was crunchy and savory and perfect for said boyfriend who wasn't really hungry. We moved on to the short ribs, which were marinated in beer, although I was so enjoying my prankster ale that I didn't care why these ribs were tender, and sweet and yummy.I love great food that is both affordable and non-fetishized. All around us chatted us up about what we were eating. And when we bumped into the neighborhood couple, some hipsters from Sacramento, on the way into the Palace Theatre, the venue staffer said she always has the burgers at Causwells: brunch, lunch and dinner. I obviously will have to go back. Just great. Smart waiter. Sassy chef. Happy eating!
I don't even want to write this review because I don't want people to know how great Causwells is! Above all else, I appreciate the impeccable service I've gotten every time I've gone. Trying to find a table on Chestnut street during the peak hours (brunch time on weekends and Fri/Sat night dinner) is enough to make us want to just eat at home. That said, every time we've come to Causwells -whether for brunch, or dinner, with reservations or without, the host staff has been incredibly accommodating. I've come with my infant son in the stroller (we made a reservation ahead of time) and they were wonderful about giving us a table where our little guy could sit "with us" in his stroller. Just the other night, my husband and I had movie tickets and wanted to grab a bite to eat before the show. We walked up and down Chestnut, putting our name in at several places where we were quoted a 20 minute wait. 45 minutes later, we had only an hour until the movie and decided to try Causwells. I called the host as we were walking over and asked if it would be possible to get us in. She was fabulous! She got us 2 seats in the "bar area" at the window, and we were seated and ordered our food within 5 minutes of getting to the restaurant.Oh, and the food is decadent deliciousness. Our favs include the homemade ricotta, the deviled egg trio (the trout is the BEST!) and the gooey, cheesey burger. Yum! For brunch, my husband had a corned beef hash that has yet to be topped by ANY brunch item anywhere else.
Service was great, the waitress was informative and her suggestions were on point. Limited menu, but the brunch burger was delicious. The biscuit and gravy were ok because the gravy wasn't very think and the biscuit was on the small side. Overall good experience
The omlette for brunch was ok but not overwhelming. Mimosas for $5 were pretty good. Tasty coffee. The staff super friendly. However, the menu does not offer the standard stuff like eggs benedict and co. 1st place that takes reservations which is great.
I had dinner at Causwells tonight and everything was delicious. From the popcorn, to the deviled eggs, house made ricotta, steak tartare and then finally the donut bread pudding. I'd go back for any one of those dishes! Mmmmm! Great wine list too, lots of unique/fun wines to try. Friendly staff and cool atmosphere. A great addition to Chestnut Street.
I was visiting from LA, and I have to say that I wish I lived in The Bay Area now because I miss this place already. The Brunch was spectacular and when I went for a late bite and a brew, I was blown away. The beef tartare was to die for and I have never had octopus grilled so fine. The service is top notch and I was treated like a life long friend. Do yourself a favor and dine here. You won't regret it.
Had a really great meal here tonight. The owner really took care of us and knew a ton about wine. Try the octopus it was excellent! Thank you so much for a great night Tom and great wine! Nick+Bre
This is definitely the hotspot of the Marina district right now! Getting a reservation is a bit tough, especially on the weekends but my husband and I went on a Monday at 8pm and that worked out perfectly. They have some outside seating with heat lamps. They did a wonderful job with the space! It really looked amazing. It's on the smaller side but they really made it work to their advantage. Our table was not quite right when we got there so we sat at the beautiful bar and had a glass of wine. The bar tender and the hostess worked really well together to get us seated quickly. We had a great corner spot that looked out at the passerby's on Chestnut. Our server was truly lovely. We ordered deviled egg trio which comes with one classic one, one smoked trout one(my fave!) and one avocado one. All were delicious. We also got a side of crispy potatoes to share between the two of us. I ordered the grilled octopus over fennel and fresh garbanzos! It was so good and surprisingly filling. My husband got the cheese burger and he said it was fantastic. We skipped on the dessert(we are chocolate lovers and they didn't have anything chocolate desserts that night). Great experience. We will definitely be back! I want to try the shrimp and grits next time! yum
Good Food but small portions.  I ordered the chicken, and it was quite good but the portions were quite small for the price.
This place is great! The service was great and so is the food. I had the ricotta with rosemary honey and that was divine. Portions are perfect and they are opened late. Me and my best friend went there after we finished going to outside lands! Their salads are awesome, with unique flavors. Also had melt in your mouth brisket!
Excited to have a a new place on Chestnut Street with delicious food. You must have steak tartare and the homemade rye park rehouse rolls.
surprisingly sophisticated food belying the understated appearance of this restaurant. Good service and moderate prices make this a good choice. Octopus salad was delicious as was the salmon. This chef knows what he is doing!
Good reviews, high star rating and close proximity were the reasons we picked Causwells. It was 2PM and they were serving only brunch and I found a menu bit limiting. Overall, the food was good and I really enjoyed smoked trout salad. However, our kids not so much. My son ordered eggs & bacon and shortly after they let us know they don't have bacon. Ok, fine let's chose any other meat (sausage,ham, etc.) BUT they don't have any and they offered to replace it with greens ? How can place that serves brunch can have only one type of meat and run out of it ? Even if he does, there is a butcher right across the street and several stores block away. This definitely spoiled otherwise decent experience.
I stopped by today hoping to enjoy a mimosa at one of the sunny outdoor tables. Alicia was extremely welcoming and provided a very drinkableFrench champagne, a small glass of OJ and glass of ice...exactly the way I requested. Service was amazing, barkeeper nice to me when I wanted to photograph the bottle so I could find the champagne.This food that others were eating looked very appetizing. Had I not just eaten, I would definitely have sampled the branch fare.I'll definitely go back on my next visit to the Marina.Thanks to Alicia for providing a great experience.
Really enjoyed dinner at Causwells. It's a small and busy location but great energy and food to match. Tried a bunch of small plates and all were delicious. Definitely a hot spot in the Marina.
this review is for the lunch.the food& service are inoffensive, the quantities disappointing.i had cornmeal fried fish w/ salad instead of rice.i asked for bread, would have paid for it, but they said no, all the bread is for the sandwiches.fish was bland, salad well dressed- properly acidic.fresh ricotta app was good but tiny smear on a plate, w/ a few crackers.if you're on a diet & need to eat very small portions this is your place.
Walked by this spot, stepped in on a whim. Greeted warmly by the owner and staff. Intimate but lively space, open kitchen was fun to see. Stopped in for brunch and had deviled eggs, biscuits and gravy, mimosas - everything was fantastic. Fun spot, can't wait to grab dinner!
Three stars from me, four from my husband, averaging at 3.5 and rounding up because the service was good and that's really important to us.We had hoped that Causwells could be a great date night option, an alternative to A16 (which is right across the street) but unfortunately it's not even close in terms of overall experience. The food was very good. We ordered two small plates, one large and a side dish, which was plenty for the two of us:- Brisket ($14, small plate) was the best dish. Absolutely delicious, very tender, the onion jam and spicy mustard were great accompaniments. - Little gems salad ($11, small plate). Fresh, high quality ingredients, light vinaigrette. - Roasted carrots ($7, side dish). Tasty but Outerlands still does the best roasted veggies in the city. Price seemed high for the portion size.- Rock cod (instead of the trout; $21.50); came with the corn salad side. Pretty good, ever-so-slightly fishy.The wines by the glass were interesting and the three that we tried were all delicious. Prices are (from memory) in the $9-$14 range. They also had a nice beer list.Service was attentive and friendly (SO much better than Commissary) though our dishes all came out very quickly. We were in and out in just over 30 minutes.The major downside is the ambiance. It's like having a nice dinner in a frat house. Loud, loud, LOUD (yes, loud even for SF). The bare concrete posts and floors don't help. The space is small and noise from the bar pervades the entire restaurant. The night that we were there, the clientele was mostly loud 20-somethings.The overall feel is more Marina bar than nice restaurant - best for a drink before or after the movies.  A16 will remain our neighborhood favorite for dinner.
Have been here a few times. The trout is to die for. It was cooked perfectly both times. I had the terrine and the deviled eggs which were both fantastic. My husband only likes hamburgers and he said this is in his top 3 all time favorites. The staff has been very friendly both times I have been and very knowledgeable. We don't live in San Francisco but we will be back for sure next time we are in town.
This place was amazing. The service was great and the food was on point! I wanted a regular egg breakfast so I got a bunch of sides, 1 egg, potatoes, bacon, wheat toast all for around $10 and everything was delicious! To wash my breakfast down I had a grapefruit mimosa! The service was great, everyone was very pleasant. I can't to go back!
This establishment provided effective shelter from the outside environment. The lighting was appropriate to the situation. This establishment provided food, in exchange for money.
Great neighborhood gem with absolutely fantastic service! We had the deviled eggs, pork belly, shrimp and grits, and chicken - and everything was really great. The table next to us ordered the burger and I was definitely jealous. They only have wine and beer but corkage is low. The space is warm and inviting - we'll definitely go back.
I had the burger and butternut squash soup. Excellent quality, preparation and presentation. All we're delicious and impressive. There may be a contender here for best burger in the city.
Nice variety of small plates to share. All our food was good. I would definitely return to try some other things.
I had dinner here on Thanksgiving eve. The service was phenomenal, the deviled eggs were to die for and was really impressed by their wine selection. It's a great cozy place, good for either a casual date or dinner with a few friends. I will definitely be going back and would recommend it to others.
Every thing was delicious. I had the potatoes and eggplant omelet with a mimosa. Service was great and friendly. Totally go here if you have the chance and opportunity it's worth it. The brunch burger was the best!
This has been my favorite brunch place since opening. Gorgeous inside and the food is so delicious. My favorites are the corned beef, burger, and the biscuits. I wish they served more coffee drinks than just coffee. Also I am not a fan of their bacon which is cured in house but tasted unlike any other bacon I've ever had (and I only eat nitrate free, from butcher shop, etc). Something to be aware of before ordering it that it may not be for everyone!  Despite these caveats I love this place and need to go for dinner sometime soon!
Everything I've had at Causwells has exceeded my expectations. The food tastes fresh and each dish is like a little piece of art. This wonderful find is also the location of the BEST hamburger I've ever had. I never knew the pickle to burger ratio could be so important!
Great prices, and great food! Lived here for about a year and a half and this place is in a great location, very affordable and has great/different options. Don't miss out on the burger or the steak.. two favorites!! Definitely recommend it!
Awesome service!!! I think it's The best burger in town!!! The burger is very juicy, the homemade aioli gives it an amazing flavor and the paper thin potato chips are crispy and with a lil Tabasco, melt in your mouth!!! The wine selection is amazing!!!! Servers are very knowledgeable. If your not sure what you want, they won't hesitate to let you taste!! Num num num. 5 stars all around!!!
Causwells is FANTASTIC. I was very excited to hear about a new restaurant moving in to the space next to my favorite movie theater, and my dining experience did not disappoint! I was impressed with the menu, tons of unique and creative vegetarian options for me :-) and the other diners raved about the chicken and other meatier dishes. Perfect date spot, lots of share-worthy dishes!
Great wine list, very thoughtful selections of California and further afield. The staff knows the food and wine super well and was outstanding in general. Food is delicious, especially the fresh ricotta and lavosh!
This place was great. I came here the other night with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. We ordered the Deviled eggs and the Ricotta cheese to start and both were amazing. I could just eat the ricotta cheese by the spoonful, it was topped with a rosemary honey and was really, really good. For our mains we ordered the Trout in brown butter and the burger. When I first saw that the fish they were serving was trout I personally wasn't that excited, but after a few bites I realized that I have never had trout like this before. There were no bones at all and it was a big fillet. The combination of the brown butter and the fish was amazing and another thing that I loved about the dish was the corn it was served with. I mean usually I don't get to excited over corn as a side, but next time I go I'm ordering an extra side of it, its that good. Not sure what the chef does to it, but it was delicious. The burger as many other people have mentioned is also one of the best I have had in the city. The chips that are served with it are really good too. So if you couldn't tell by now, I really recommend this place and will definitely be going back. Oh and don't skip desert either, their donut bread pudding is ridiculous and is definitely worth trying.
