Wonderful restaurant. My friend and I were on a weekend trip to San Francisco and were eager to find a good restaurant.Aside from ordering dishes on their own, the restaurant offers a 3-course meal ($55) or a 4-course meal ($65) where you pick your appetizer, entree and dessert. Food was scrumptious and one of the waitresses knew exactly which wine to bring us that would compliment our chosen entrees. For my entree, I ordered the seafood bouillabaisse and I think I just about died and went to heaven.In addition to the delicious food, the service was exceptional - again, the waitress knew exactly which wines to pair with our entrees! The chef himself, very sweet older gentleman, made an effort to go around each table to greet diners. We even chatted with him about the best wineries to visit during our day trip to Napa the following day.If you're ever around the area, I highly recommend you visit Chapeau - I promise you won't regret it
I wanted to love this place, as I've been living a few blocks away for the last year, but the experience fell flat. My table seemed pleased with their orders, but my cassoulet was a disappointing, with undercooked beans and dry duck.Service was OK, but subpar for a restaurant with only prix fixe options.Also, I had honestly seen $18 corkage mentioned in a number of yelp reviews as recently as 2014. When I mentioned to the waitress, in surprise at the $30 corkage fee that was charged, she responded that they hadn't had an $18 corkage for 20 years.Sorry for the negative review...OK experience overall, but will not be returning.
3.5 stars. I really wanted to like this restaurant but something didn't add up to the experience I thought I would receive here. Correct me if I'm wrong but are French people generally not so friendly people? My server wasn't the most polite or friendliest person. I'm not sure if this has to do with me being Chinese but the way he spoke to American and Chinese customers were significantly different and I don't appreciate that at all. I too, want the same treatment. As for the food, I think it's good but not great. I've had better French cuisine elsewhere. I don't mean to sound bitter but that's how I genuinely felt throughout my dining experience. If anything, the Mexican busboy was the only person who was nice and smiled at me.
Came here for dinner with my dad and I'm so glad I picked the right place :) At Chapeau you get high quality food for a great price!! They have all your typical French foods like escargot, fillet mignon, and foie gras if you want. Their menu is set up with four courses but you can also pay less (3 course) if you want to skip the seafood. My dad and I went all out with the 4 course and two glasses of merlot. They start you off with complimentary cauliflower soup which is so yummy. Our appetizers were both escargot which we really liked. Pretty flavorful and juicy :)Then we each got the mussels and scallop. You get more mussels than scallop (you get one scallop) but I imagine the scallop tastes better. My dad are the whole thing hahaha We both got the filet mignon which comes with the beef, potatoes, and bone marrow. All of it was a m a z i n g : ) I could barely finish the filet mignon! I only wish I had more stomach for the delicious potatoes :( Our dessert was the Napoleon (forgot full name) and the French toast. Both were super good but I really recommend the toast!! It's warm, fluffy bread topped with an amazing scoop of ice cream. So good. Definitely recommend and I want to take my mom here when she's in town!
Came here with a former co-worker. This is our go-to place for French food.This place is great to catch up with old friends whom you haven't seen in a year or two...or for anniversaries, dates, or birthdays.I've seen it all here.And since Chapeau means "hat" in French....do they have hats you ask? Yes, your bill will come in a unique hat at the end.But enough about hats...how is the food?I love their escargot. Forget France. Come here for the escargot instead. Their pesto sauce thing and the bread with the escargot is divine.Their bone marrow is okay, not the greatest, but okay.Their french onion soup is my favorite ever. I usually order two bowls.Their entrees are done well, and I've had everything from the steak to the fish. All is done well.Super friendly service, and the owner usually comes around to shake your hand so you feel like you're in his house.And at the end comes the hat with your bill on it. I don't understand why everyone always wants to put it on their head though and wear it. Hasn't anyone ever heard of lice? I see people pass it around and wear it, and it always makes me cringe.$10 says they never wash the hat. But I'm not itching to find out either....
Chapeau = hat,Chapeau! = expression of appreciation and admiration, a sign of respect, like removing one's hat... who knew?I've passed by this restaurant many times and I had always been intrigued because it really stands out from the rest of the neighborhood. The red theme and line drawing of a woman holding a glass of red wine with a large chapeau tipped over her eyes is rather eye-catching. So I made a reservation and we came here for dinner on a Sunday evening. The interior was cramped and the dim orange lighting made it feel like even more of a tight squeeze. However, it looked nice with flowers on the tables, white tablecloths, and a small bar.We both went with the 3-course menu (currently $44.50), which was not a bad price considering it costs about $10 more than an entree. Seared Foie Gras:The plate had a very nice sized slab of foie gras. The slab was accompanied with neatly arranged apple slices and some microgreens over a gastrique drizzled on the plate. The outer part was slightly over-seared and a little rubbery. It was still deliciously rich and fatty, while the sauce and the apple slices added sweetness and crunch to the dish.French Onion Soup:or Traditional Onion Soup as they call it, was good. Mr. Joy ordered this and I was surprised he liked it even after he ate all the cheese and was left with caramelized onions in broth.Bouillabaisse - Striped Bass, Thai Snapper, Alaskan Halibut Cheeks, P.E.I. Mussels & Manila Clam, Poached in a Fish Fumet, Fondue Provenale, Croutons with Gruyre & Rouille :Good, I just wish there was more of it. There were a few pieces of fish embedded in the soup, about 3 mussels and clams each. The fish broth was light, but savory. The 'crouton' was actually toasted bread with shredded gruyere. Canard au Miel & aux pices - Duck Breast, Celery Root Puree, Honey & Spiced Duck Jus:Delicious duck breast went very well with the sauce. Maybe because I'm Asian, I just think it would be even better if the skin was broiled until crunchy. French Toast - Salted Caramel Ice Cream, Hazelnut Crme Anglaise:Delicious take on French toast. The toast was so soft, almost a custard texture. Salted caramel ice cream is one of my favorite ice cream flavors. Profiteroles:3 profiteroles covered in thick chocolate sauce and almond slivers. These were okay, but the puff pastry was a little stale, possibly left in the fridge for a while. The chocolate sauce was cold. I've definitely had better profiteroles. The prices aren't bad for French fare, but certainly getting up there. The food was pretty good. It would be nicer if there was a little more room to spread out. If I find myself back here again, I may try the filet mignon with bone marrow. It looks like a good price compared to most other restaurants.
Amaaaaazing! Nothing but praise for this place. My family and I had a reservation for this place at around 9pm on a Thursday night and when we got there, it was packed. I don't think people could've gotten in without a reservation. Anyway, we were seated in a cozy corner table and promptly given menus, after which our waiter came to greet us. He explained the menu, which I thought was very nice, and left us to make our decisions. I was pretty torn on what to get, but I ultimately decided on the 3 course -- green asparagus veloute (appetizer), raviolo (main course), and nuage de noix (dessert).I really can't say more than that I absolutely loved the food. It came out in a timely fashion, starting with the green asparagus veloute that completely blew me away. I'm normally not a fan of soup appetizers, but I would gladly have this one every day for the rest of my life if I could (ok, maybe not but you get the point). The raviolo was also really really good. The puree inside was fantastic and the flavor was stunning. I cleared both the appetizer and main course out completely; I swear not a trace of anything was left when I had finished. The dessert was also good, but I was so full by that point that I unfortunately couldn't finish it (much sadness).Overall, I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this place if you're looking for quality food at a decent price. The service is friendly, the ambience is comfy-casual, and the food is spectacular. If you appreciate food in a non-bougie setting, definitely check this place out.
Lovely place. We came here during SF restaurant week and tried the 3 course ($40) and 4 course ($65) prix fixe menu. The ambience was very elegant and cozy. We felt a tad under dressed but it didn't seem to matter too much. There was complementary bread and a small cup of soup which was very tasty. The service was extremely friendly and the chef came out and greeted everyone and shook our hands.For starters we had the salmon trio and a salad. Then the seared scallop which was my favorite part. Next the filet mignon with bone marrow and the braised oxtail and bass followed by dessert of a delicious chocolate cake and a baked alaska. Overall everything was good and we enjoyed our experience.
Food was 4 starsService at the bar was 3 stars and 4 stars at the table.My favorite dishes are the scallop with risotto and filet mignon with bone marrow. I tried the foie gras, but don't remember how it compares to foie gras at other places. I got the french toast dessert both times.
What a delicious and wonderful experience!Bf and I came here on restaurant week! - Chestnut soup with duck fat croutons, creme fraiche & white truffle oil - DELICIOUS! Loved this creamy and rich soup, with all the various flavors and slight texture from the croutons. I had a bite of my bf's salade landaise and that was refreshing and tasty as well.- Pan seared scallop on pesto risotto with lobster sauce - OUR FAVORITE of the night!! Scallop may have been a teensy teensy TEENSY bit overcooked, but it was still amazing with the pesto risotto! The sauce just made everything even more moist and flavorful. Delish!!- For our main, I had the sauteed striped bass & braised oxtail on garlic mash and the bf had the filet mignon with bone marrow. Both delicious and complimented everything on the dish very well!- Creme brulee and tarte alsacienne for dessert! I wish the creme brulee was more on the wamer side, because mine was just room temperature. Regardless, it was yummy! My bf loved his tarte alsacienne and finished every bite! Overall, had a great experience dining here! Complimentary bread was provided in the beginning of our meal, along with a shot-sized cup of butter squash soup, which was of course delicious, too. The owner is friendly and so welcoming to everyone that enters and leaves his restaurant, with hand shakes and hugs as we walked out!
Wonderful little neighborhood French restaurant that doesn't take itself too seriously. Excellent technique with classic preparation. Artistry mixed with whimsy. Loved the bill presented in a delightful "chapeau!" Highly recommend!
We came here for our anniversary dinner and while we were seated promptly, the service was a bit slow to start. Our waiter explained that the menus were being printed now so we needed to wait just a bit. Once the menus were ready to go, the head chef came out and greeted everyone at their tables, which was incredibly nice.As for the meal itself, my fianc and I went with the prix fix; he opted for the 4 course and I went with the 3 course. He had the French onion soup, rock scallop, filet mignon, and crme brulee. I opted for the trio salmon, sea bass & oxtail, and the chocolate cake. While he thought his French onion soup was a bit dense with a lot of cheese, he still felt that it was very tasty. For the rest of meals, he loved everything since it was all spot on. As for me, everything seemed to be perfectly portioned and so well balanced that every bite was delicious. Even for the chocolate cake, I thought that the choice of ice cream (rum raisin) was such a perfect way of cutting the chocolate and creating a great flavour when mixed. We totally did get the bill in the silver top hat which I thought was really cute. We left the restaurant and the chef came out to say goodbye which I thought was great of him to do since we were already outside. Overall a great experience with wonderful and memorable service.
This was the best meal that I have had in at least 3 months. The vegetarian kabocha squash ravioli was the best ravioli I've ever had, and I love meat dishes. From the appetizer to the main to the dessert, all the flavors were rich and satisfying, yet interesting and complex. The service was excellent, and the ambiance was cozy yet romantic and had beautiful warm soft lighting. I will definitely return, and bring my parents when they visit from out of town.
I don't have time for reviews...this would be the one and only review ill ever draw. For a first time diner our waiter made some wonderful food and wine pairing recommendations. We have been to la folie and to Gary danko, and I have to tell y'all chapeau is a lot more real and less pretentious. We had a young very down to earth waiter, who pretty much made all the decisions for us and we loved every single one of the 4 courses plus the drinks he paired for us. Moreover, we didn't have to wait and for our drinks or worry about missing our show. We were served when we needed service and left alone when enjoying the food. Chef talked to us, which felt great, the to go I had came wrapped as in a purse-how cute. Overall a great French restaurant i would come back and recommend to family and friends :)
Wow, I love everything I had here!I came here for pre-valentine day's dinner. It was a nice space, but red lights all around the room was not on the fancy/romantic side. I'm used to new hip restaurants in SF, so I thought maybe I made a mistake by trusting yelp reviews too much. But, oh boy, it was one of the best French food I had in the bay area. I had salmon trio(very good, beautiful presentation), Cassoulet de Toulouse(super rich and delicious), and french toast with salted caramel ice cream(yum yum yum!). They were simply delicious. My husband got basil napoleon for dessert, and it was more than what we expected. It's not a traditional napoleon, but colorful and refreshing. French toast reminded me of bread pudding, and the gelato on the top was delicious.Service was nice and the owner was super sweet. I'm definitely coming back soon.
Wonderful experience overall. Our server was wonderful and the food was perfect. I had a wonderful birthday dinner. Thank you. Will definitely return.
The real French experience-in San Francisco! Food: the foi gras is insanely delicious and The dessert French toast was also amazingService: charging you directly at your table was very authentic and reminded me of being in Europe. And the double cheek kiss on my way out was icing on the cake. Ambiance: Romantic and fun! They weren't overly uppity for being a Michelin restaurant either l.Husband says it's now his favorite restaurant in the city to date. I think it's okay- but my favorites of everything are usually one dollar signs #cheapwife #goodlife
Dinner at Chapeau! was nice. I liked the cozy ambiance and the staff was friendly. Here's what we ordered:-Traditional onion soup-Foie Gras-Scallop with risotto -Bouillabaisse-File Mignon (with bone marrow)-French Toast-Crme Brulee Overall a pleasant meal and I'm glad we gave it a try.
I had a delicious dinner here! Chestnut soup appetizer with bacon-wrapped pork loin for the entree and creme brle for dessert! Absolutely wonderful staff, service, and food.
Came here on a special date before Christmas. The food was amazing and the service was welcoming and perfectly on par. The name of the restaurant speaks for the atmosphere and how they treat everyone. I really enjoyed how the employees have fun while they are working, and the feel is not stuffy or uptight at all. I recommend the Trio of Salmon (great texture), Filet Mignon, Seafood Bouillabaisse, and the Baked Alaska. The Seafood Bouillabaisse was delicately made and very good. Usually I am weary of ordering seafood because restaurants do not always have the freshest options and it does not taste as great, but here it was delicious. The dessert topped it off - my boyfriend and I shared the creme brle and the baked alaska. The baked alaska was wonderful because it had the whole shebang (ice cream, merengue, cake, almonds) the only thing missing was that it was not flaming. He really enjoyed the exquisite vanilla taste in the creme brle. I love french food and I would definitely come here again for a special occasion.
I came here last night for an early birthday dinner and it was worth it. My girlfriend and I had a reservation at 530 but didn't get their until 6. Worried about not being able to eat heir since we were so late, they actually were really nice about it and seated is pretty fast. I never the one to eat a fancy restaurant but looking at he price actually surprised me. It was only 60 for a three course meal and 70 for four. I was expecting somewhere near the hundreds. Our server was extremely nice and awesome took care of us really well. Food was delicious(even though idk how to pronounce the name of them.) Everything was good, only thing I had a problem with was the speed the food came out, a little slower than I expected but it was a lovey experience.
Small restaurant, loud, dim lights, and tables close to each other. As we entered, Pascal welcomed us, shook my hand, and offered to hang my trench coat. We were seated at the corner which I thought was one of the best seats. A single rose with a small vase placed on the table. The napkin was politely placed on our laps by one of the staff. After every dish the staff cleaned the table. Before we ordered the specials were read out loud to us. ::Food::First we got a basket of bread and butter. It was warm and soft; just the way I like my bread. We also got complimentary sample of cauliflower soup with truffle oil; It was delicious! We got the Boullabaisse which had Thai Snapper, Scallop, Mussels, Manila Clams, Striped Bass, Crouton, and Fondue Provencale. This dish had the right amount of seafood. It also came with a side of toasted bread with mayo and cheese. For $13 more, we added a side of Bone Marrow with the Filet Mignon. It was so juicy and tender. The bone marrow was smooth and buttery. We enjoyed our food. (yelp.com/user_local_phot)(yelp.com/user_local_phot)::Desserts::We got the Nuage De Noix which was a refreshing. It had peach slices, pistachios, hazelnut, Chantilly, meringue, and orange soup. The French Toast was warm, spongy, and light. It tasted good with the salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut Creme. After all the food the bill was placed in a hat; creative. (yelp.com/user_local_phot)(yelp.com/user_local_phot)::Customer Service::The staff was polite and friendly. Excellent customer service from Pascal. ::Tips::~Call for reservations ~Lighting for pictures is poor~Finding parking is difficult so arrive early prior to your reservation ::M's Notes::~Indoor seating ~Street Parking
They were running a little behind with reservations. We waited, and they made up for it. They could teach other restaurants in the city a lesson or two.We ordered as soon as we sat down, and were outta there in 50 minutes, just in time for our movie!I started with the blue cheese tart with frise, Anjou pear, balsamic reduction. Fluffy little dream of an introduction to this restaurant. I had the veggie ratatouille for my entree. What a beauty, and the sauce. Gwowwwwwwww. Think of a fluffy and crispy tart, veggie, rose sauce hybrid. So damn epic!We were served complimentary dessert to make up for our wait. Key lime cheesecake with raspberries. My taste buds applauded. Worth the wait, sweetest French host greeted us and bid us farewell. A gem. You must.
Made reservations via Open Table for 3. When we arrived at the restaurant it said 2. The restaurant would not accommodate for the 3 of usNothing we can do but go to Georgio's for pizza. It was a last minute reservation for 6pm. Just lost revenue for this place.
All I can say is everything was simply amazing. I have no clue how I have lived around the corner from this establishment for 9 years and never have been.We opted for the four course tasting menu. The foie was absolutely scrumptious. But then again, who doesn't like foie?Second course was mussels with frites. All the mussels were cooked to perfection and the frites were nice and crunchy. Both the dipping sauces were very tasty. Quite a delicious dish. My date had the scallops as the second course and that also was done without any complaints.The main course of filet mignon and bone marrow complimented each other well. I left dreaming about going back for more, and believe me I will be back.Dessert consisted of vanilla bean creme brle and needless to say, this was also done perfect.Can't wait to go back! Everything was beyond my expectations!
Food service was slow - 30 minutes before our order was taken, 90 minutes before we received a main.The server really spoiled the mood for us from the start. He insisted on taking our dessert order while we were ordering our mains. He said it would take 20 minutes to prepare if we didn't order it in advance. I'm surprised he felt the need to mention this, considering we'd just waited 30 minutes to have our order taken. I said I wouldn't mind waiting 20 minutes for dessert, to which he responded that it would probably take closer to around 30 minutes. I stood my ground and said I'd prefer not to order dessert before eating. He seemed annoyed, but he allowed our evening to proceed.After we finished eating he offered to take our dessert order once more, saying it would only take 5 minutes to prepare. We declined the revised offer and called it a night.Some of the food was good, but it was disappointing overall. I had the onion soup, which tasted like it was either from a can or pre-made and frozen. For the main I had the filet mignon, which was overcooked and not very tasty.My wife had the duck, which was quite good. The wine we ordered, a Rhone red, was also very nice.Disappointing food and unpleasant service, we won't be trying this place again.
Four stars for standout flavors and perfectly balanced dishes. Would have been a five if the service was a bit better. Came here with a party of six and we were seated in the middle of the back seating area. Literally it's the only table in the middle with 3"- 6" proximity of surrounding tables/chairs. Not the best location and honestly feels like management optimized for squeezing in as many tables as possible as opposed to the guest experience. The service was lacking quite a bit.. it almost seemed as though they were under staffed. Towards the end of our meal, 85% of the tables (~15) were occupied yet only 1-2 actual waiters and 3 bus boys were working. Our water glass was empty the majority of the time as well which was unfortunate because the BF always over-hydrates when he eats resulting in him tapping into my reserve and leaving me a couple of sips when I end up needing it the most -_-Overall the food was fantastic! Everything was cooked perfectly and it's classic french flavors were sublime. They have a great deal for the pre fixe menu (Menu 1: 3 course meal, Menu 2: 4 course meal, Veggie meal, etc). If you get the prefix it will come with an appy, entree and dessert which ends up being a really good deal.Must order:SweetbreadsFilet Mignon (one of the most tender filets i've had.. outstanding)Trio of Salmon Foie GrasBaked AlaskaProfiteroles Meh:OystersSalade landaiseTarte du JourCreme Brle (solid but can get @ many other places)French Toast
With so many amazingly tasty restaurants in San Francisco, when we're looking for somewhere to go for a special occasion, I always want to try some place new. Because of this, I tend to have trouble returning to places for multiple special occasions, but I had no problem going back for seconds at Chapeau!The food is great and they have a Vegetarian Menu.On our most recent visit, it was a tad slow to get our order taken and get our first course, but once the food started coming, it was very smooth experience. It started with the Cauliflower Puree with truffle oil, and a side of tasty bread. They cleared away the crumbs, and the menu items came: for me, Fourme d'Ambert Tart followed by the Parsnips Pure & Kale in an Open Raviolo. Both were a great mixture of tastes and textures. On our way out, the friendly chef shook our hands and chatted with us a bit.
I've been wanting to try Chapeau! for the past year since moving to the city... And finally got to eat here last Saturday, thanks to a lovely surprise dinner from the boy.We both ended up ordering the prix fixe menu with appetizer, entree, tasting fish, and dessert. In retrospect, this was WAY more food than I ever wanted, but I'm glad we picked it if only for the delicious tasting fish. For appetizers, we ordered the trio of salmon and salade landaise. The salmon was fresh, but I enjoyed the duck salad quite a bit more. The different versions of duck (smoked duck breast, duck confit, and duck liver pate) in the salad were all wonderfully flavored, and the frisee provided a good complement and palate cleanser for all the different tastes. The potato chips on top were a nice touch, too. The "tasting fish" ended up being a delectable scallop surrounded by a creamy pesto risotto. Probably the best part of the meal, to be honest -- highly recommend! Our entrees were the skate wing and the cassoulet de toulouse. The skate wing was fresh and tender, but the flavors weren't as complex as I would've liked. The lamb shoulder in the cassoulet was to die for! Juicy with a great texture and hearty mix of flavors... I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it. By the time we ordered our desserts, I felt like my stomach was going to explode. As a result, I only ate a few bites of my French toast with salted caramel ice cream, but the few bites I had were amaaaaaazing. The French toast was warm, fresh, and fluffy. The ice cream itself was dense and creamy (and maybe a little too sweet). We also ordered the trio of sorbet (lemon, blackberry, and mango). The sorbets tasted light and natural -- we liked the blackberry flavor the most. Our waiter was attentive, helpful, and very French. He helped us pick a Santenay pinot noir as a companion to our meal. The wine was flowery and not too heavy, with a flavor that easily permeated throughout the meal. Yum! My only gripe about this restaurant is that they sat us VERY close to the next table. There was probably an inch of space between us. Our neighbors were also very loud (thanks to the level of noise in the room, you have to speak up to be heard across the table), which definitely detracted from my experience. Though the lighting is dark and the decor is romantically European, Chapeau! may not be the best location for a quiet, intimate dinner. I am a sucker for cute little perks like the glittery hat they place your bill in (chapeau means hat in French), and getting to meet the chef at the end of the meal. We left the restaurant somewhat abruptly, and the chef even chased us outside to make sure he got a chance to meet us. This really added to the level of respect and sincerity we felt from Chapeau!
I have dreamed of the foie gras and filet mignon dishes ever since I had my first bite at Chapeau many moons ago. As I bite in to whatever no name food creation I make for myself for dinner each night I visualize the full sensory experience of those dishes and smile in bliss. Many of my friends are familiar with my last meal on earth dilemma. If you know that you are going to die and you are told that you have one last meal of whatever you want, what do you choose? I first came up with this scenario when I read an article about a San Quentin death row inmate who chose to have Sugar Free Ice Cream as part of his last meal. Why sugar-free !?! So much good food, so little time, but every time I answer this question it is always - "Fresh Maine Lobster and Chapeau's Foie Gras."
In a city full of restaurants trying to make a name for themselves in new and creative ways, Chapeau is one that has long ago found its niche and sticks to it. They do classic French restaurant cuisine. No frills and no trendy approaches. Just consistent, well executed, classic fine dining.Everything I've had here I've liked, even the vegetarian options. At my last visit I had the stuffed quail, which was really well done. However, my favorite part of the meal was the amuse bouche they served: a chestnut soup. It was a perfect match with the fall weather that night and the flavor was stunning. I've always wondered why they don't have steak tartare on the menu, but if they ever do I would be a happy diner!The wine menu is quite reasonably priced, and of course heavily favors French and West coast wineries. But if either of those are your style, it won't be difficult to find several bottles that pique your interest. They also have a full bar, and make solid martinis.The service was also great. Very friendly and entertaining waiter. The chef is also one of the most out going chefs I have ever seen. He was there to greet us when we arrived and also when we left. When he spoke about his restaurant the amount of enthusiasm and passion he had was inspiring.Chapeau is on the short list of restaurants in San Francisco that I will continue to go back to for a long time to come.
This place has a special spot in my heart. When I used to live in SF this was my favourite French restaurant! I recently visited their new location and must say that the food is still amazing if not better.Their menu is incredibly reasonable compared to our overpriced French restaurants in NYC. You get to chose, a 3 course, a 4 course or the Chefs menu. Service was impeccable!We chose the 3 course menu and shared additional apps and it was more than enough!French Onion soup - delicious, great depth and perfect amount of cheese and breadEscargots - to die for, we couldn't stop dipping the garlic sauce with our bread. I could've ordered 3 more!Bouillabaisse - recommended by the manager and it did not disappoint. Broth was so tasty, seafood was cooked perfectly Duck Cassoulet - tasty and earthy, such a comfort dishLamb of Leg - the meat fell off the bone and was perfect with the polenta Vanilla creme Brle - my favourite dessert, not overly sweetC'tait extrmement bon et le service est trs chaleureux. La prsentation des plats et desserts tait soigne. I will come back and visit soon Chapeau and will not wait 5 years!!
Loved our first dinner here.My wife and I finally found a good baby sitter for our daughter so we were looking for a nice 1st date night restaurant. I called them a day before the dinner and they warmly accommodated us close to the time of our preference.When we arrived we were promptly seated. Service was perfect. Warm and accessible but neither slow nor rushed. The wines were fine but it was the food that really stole the show.Before we started, we got complimentary cauliflower soup which was delicious. The warm bread accompanying the soup was actually fresh out of the oven warm. Then we received the mussels (appetizer) which were great too.For our main course my wife ordered the special (scallops) and before i realized it she finished it. They were that good. I ordered the fillet mignon with bone marrow and while it was pretty damn good it wasn't necessarily the best steak i've had.The desserts were OK but we tried standard fare - french toast (which i have never had for dessert), and chocolate cake. The french toast could have been skipped. There was nothing special especially where there are so many good french toasts around here. The chocolate cake was chocolate cake but we should have ordered something more unique so this is on us not the restaurant. Next time, i am going to try the rum cake.All in all, we felt welcomed by the staff. The food was excellent. And the atmosphere was energetic. I'll definitely visit again :)
Overall my dining experience here was quite pleasant. We came here for a late night dinner. The atmosphere of the restaurant was very charming and romantic. The staff was very accommodating and did not make us feel rushed, even though we got there at 10:15. The food was very well priced for what you get. I ordered 3 courses starting off with Foie Gras, Filet Mignon, and ending with the French Toast for dessert.The Foie Gras was delicious. The Filet was good, however I could do without the sauce that it was seasoned with. It was a little too salty for my taste and I felt that it took away from the steak itself. The French Toast came topped with Ice Cream. This, along with the Foie Gras were probably the dishes that I enjoyed the most.
I visited SF a few months ago just for a mini vacation and we wanted to eat somewhere nice. This place fit the bill. The escargot was so good. Not overcooked and rubbery like some other places that I've tried. The foie gras was so buttery and creamy, it basically melts in your mouth! Lamb shoulder was very juicy and tender. My favorite was the filet mignon with bone marrow. LOVED the bone marrow. The dessert left something to be had, but not bad at all. Our server was very sweet and attentive. The only thing that I was not happy with was the wine choice. Partially my fault, but I asked for recommendations for a reason! Overall, Chapeau! was a great experience with the cozy atmosphere and the delicious food. Probably will not be coming here for a while because the food is heavier than what I am used to, but I will definitely have to go back.
Prices were decent for a French cuisine. We ordered the following:-Trio of Salmon (Good)-Foie Gras (Very Good)-Prime Rib for 2 people incl. side dishes Veg., Baked Potatoes & 3 kinds of dipping sauces for  the Prime Rib (Good)-Dessert (free for my Birthday) (Good)I loved this place and I can't wait to go back ^^*Friendly servers
When the boeuf asked me on a first date at Chapeau! a year ago, I thought this boy was seriously high off something - who the hell asks somebody out to a $$$ restaurant and drives 50 miles up for a first date?? The modern bay area dating scene had really ruined most hopes in romantic sincerity..That day, after calling the restaurant to make sure there was actually a reservation under his name, I put on a try-hard-to-not-try-hard cardigan and strolled over to the restaurant where I found the boeuf dressed in the try-hardest full-on suit waiting for me like a profresh door greeter at Chapeau... about 3 hours of loud conversations ~7 full-sized dishes ~6 glasses of wine and the deepest-rolling first date ever... he dropped me off safely in front of my building and I thanked the lord he was no cereal killer.One year later, we went back to Chapeau, where Philippe enthusiastically greeted us in for our reso. Among the ~11 dishes we had and inbetween our waiter's omgz-fattest-azn-couple-ever expressions, the melt-in-mouth seared foie gras was by far the best of its kind and the filet mignon was the most well-cooked and most evenly flavored steak I've had to date. After we sat for a while at our table digesting and drawing poop on each other's snapchat selfies, Philippe kindly bisoued us goodbye.While a few dishes were just mediocre for me (cassoulet de toulouse where the duck confit skin was too fatty, dungeness crab salad that wasn't as seamlessly constructed as I'd liked), the overall value for the multi-course meal options, the overall quality, and service, definitely live up to Chapeau!'s positive reception and its 4.5 star average rating.Bravo.
Chapeau! was a great restaurant but it just did not made me amuse me in anyway.It was good ingredients, preparation was great, food was good. But nothing that really stands out.Most locality French restaurant has uniqueness or character that can be really felt when dining. This restaurant did not gave me any unique feel, I just felt like I was eating a decent French meal.I had the Foie gras, Escargots, Trio of Salmon, Veal Sweetbreads, Filet Mignon sauce a la Perigourdine with Foie Gras and Bone Marrow, French Toast with salted caramelIce cream.I dont know what it is but it really is missing a spirit of character in dish and atmosphere for me. I would probably not dine here again in the future.
This is our favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Phillipe is a genius in the kitchen, Tony is the most talented and hard working bartender, and the entire staff is amazing and attentive. Great food, great service, a great setting - what more could you want in a restaurant?!
I love this place!!! Went here with a few friends to celebrate my BFF's birthday and it was my first time. I ordered the bouillabaisse and it was so rich and creamy that it was impossible for me to eat in one sitting. The place is small and the owner makes sure that everything is perfect. I had the creme brle for dessert and again it was the best creme brle I've ever had. Lol!! Everything was good although a bit pricey but you're paying for good food and the ambiance so it's worth it! There is a wait for reservations especially if you're a large group. We got there at 530 pm and didn't leave until 10. Five hours of eating but it was mostly waiting because it was like a 5 course meal. I will definitely come here again and so far it's my favorite French restaurant in the city.
Food was 5/5, but I'm dinging a star because the menu was really confusing and we ended up having to pay more than what we expected due to that. Atmosphere is cozy + intimate and the servers were friendly.We started of the meal with free bread- delicious!! Each batch was baked fresh and arrived warm to the table. I got carried away and ate too much since it was so good, which was not a good idea because I couldn't finish my entree later on. Still, no regrets because it was probably one of the best breads I've had at a fine dining restaurant.For entree, we ordered a filet mignon with bone marrow and the scallops w/ risotto. Very generous portions and both cooked perfectly. The beef was tender and juicy and my bf loved it. My scallops were huge pieces and were also very good. Overall, I'd highly recommend paying Chateau a visit if you're in the mood for fine dining or are taking someone out. We will be back!
2 stars because service SUCKS and food is pretty good.The waiter with brown hair, french accent, and facial hair sucks. When asking about the menu, he explained the menu in the most patronizing way. We asked "how does the 3-course and 4-course menu work?" He responded the menu is broken up in sections and pointed to each one saying "oneeee, twooo, threeee, fourrrr. okay? so you can choose from each section. got it? oneeeeee, twoooooo, threeee and fourrr here" YES I get it, I'm not a 4-year old. What ticked me off more was when the table next to us asked the SAME question he responded "you start with an appetizer, then a main entree, then you can pick a seafood, and then dessert". WTF!Anyways, food was delicious but came out slow. Between the appetizer til the main entree, we waited about half an hour. I already lost my appetite by then. The best course was dessert - we got creme brulee and french toast with ice cream. The best creme brulee I've ever tasted!And I added 1 star because (who I think is) the head chef is friendly.
I've never heard of this place in my life until my GF told me we were eating here for dinner and I'm glad she chose this place. They offer their regular menus but they also offer their pre-fixed menu which is a cheaper alternative is you plan on ordering 3-4 courses.Some Soup: Not sure what it was but we started off with a shot of some soup they gave us. It was pretty cheesy and delicious.Trio of Salmon: Very good appetizer. It was super light and refreshing and definitely made me hungrier. Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads: I love sweetbreads and these didn't disappoint. Very rich and buttery. I wish there was more! Definitely recommend this dish - one of my favorites of the night.Prince Edward Island Mussels: This was bigger than I thought. It came with a ton of mussels that were not overcooked. Fries where thin, nice and crispy.Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter: Flaky and nicely cooked although the portion was a little small in my opinion. I saw many other photos and they looked much much bigger than what we got. It was also on the salty side.Sauted Striped Bass & Braised Oxtail: This dish was just salty in every note. Definitely not recommend.Rissotto and Scallops: This was their special that day and it was pretty good. Rissotto was nice and rich and the scallop was cooked to perfection.Basil Napoleon: Not sure why but I didn't enjoy this dessert. The combination of flavors just didn't work for me... it was unique and interesting though.Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake: Pretty dense and rich. Recommend sharing.French Toast with Salted Caramel Ice Cream, Hazelnut crme Anglaise: Hands down the best dessert of the night. The French Toast was amazing and what made it better was the salted caramel ice cream.Overall, pretty good place for a special occasion or date. I wouldn't mind coming back for desserts. Definitely get the pre-fixed menu courses as it is cheaper. Food was good and service was good.
Chapeau serves the best french cuisine. My favorite dishes here are: the scallop risotto, filet mignon with bone marrow, escargot and of course either the creme-brulee or chocolate molten cake. Make sure you order those! Prepare to expect a wait when dining here-the last time I came, I didn't leave until 3 hours after I was seated. The chef here is truly a sweetheart. He greets people when they walk in, visits each table to make sure people are satisfied with their dishes and hugs you right before you leave. Talk about great customer service on the chef's end. I took a star off because the 2nd time I dined here, our waiter (who looked caucasian and almost bald) was rude to us. He spent a good amount of time arguing with me in front of other tables, claiming I did not order a 4th dish. Public humiliation during fine-dining? Not cool.
Over-rated. Everything was very Americanize - sweet and salty. Salmon was good but he source was very sweet. The server forgot about the fish we ordered. The pork chop was juicy but again the source was sweet. Loved the appetizers. Server was nice and the owner was friendly.
We were seated 50 mins past our reservation and the owner personally came over to apologize several times. He then comped us each a glass of wine, champagne, oysters and an extra dessert dish . Way to rectify a situation! Can you tell the way to my heart is free stuff?The food was on point as usual. Three course prix fixe is the way to go. French toast with salted caramel and their rendition of chocolate lava cake are my go to desserts. Everything else from apps to entrees are equally satisfying. I got the cassoulet with duck confit (love), sausage, beans, and lamb. I usually avoid lamb like the plague but I couldn't even tell in this dish (aka no gaminess!!!). also be forewarned this is a heavier dish and a little generous on the salt. i can never finish ;)the complimentary bread is also good. nice and crusty served with butter. ask for it!!!They have a full bar and the restaurant was packed and bustling on a Thursday night. Cute date spot although you'll be seated quite closely to the table next to you.P.S. Foie gras lovers rejoice! They have this as a special - either as an app or on top of a filet (Rossini style).Thank you owner for your warmth and genuine kindness! And thank you for doing everything you could to make things right.
A diamond in the rough.....French food at it's finest!! Quality ingredients served along side a charismatic and genuine staff. I absolutely adore this restaurant..We intended to dine here for SFRW but after looking over the menu and comparing it to the regular menu there was no question!! We all ended up ordering the 4 course which was a value at $60+: -started off with SEARED FOIE GRAS on a toasted piece of brioche....MADE TO PERFECTION!!! it wasn't layered or marinated with anything which allowed all the fatty flavor goodness to take over. It was just as good as I remembered and practically melted in my mouth. The serving portion wasn't skippy either, more than a generous amount. -Scallop with risotto in lobster sauce....ughhh, again incredibly delicious and flavorful. the scallop was huge and flavorful. -Mussels in white wine with shallots and parsley served along with fries was incredible! And again portion was more than generous...-FRENCH TOAST with salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut creame.. Taste and texture made to perfection. Philippe and Ellen are the owners of this charming restaurant in the heart of the Richmond. He's the head chef and she runs the dining room, they couldn't be sweeter and more sincere.. This place is a must!!! And my new favorite French bistro...
I am giving Chapeau! 5 stars simply for being the cutest little mom and pop French restaurant ever... went there w/ the gf for the first time on vday - the owner introduced himself when we got there, gave us hugs and kisses when we left. The food was delicious and abundant (we got the last 2 courses from the tasting menu to go cause could not finish). I almost want to deduct a star because a couple of the waiters were obviously sick and would not stop coughing which was just disgusting --- but this place is too homey to do that to them so 5 stars it is; but if anyone from the resto reads this, please ask ur servers to go home if they are coughing because nobody wants their food handled by sick people.
Classically French with big and bold flavors, ambience, and service. Our meal was fantastic overall. I had probably one of the top 3 French Onion soups I've ever tasted, it was sublime. My wife enjoyed a tart with blue cheese with pear and frise, she loved it. My filet was supposed to be medium rare and it came out closer to medium, spoiled the steak for me. The Bordeaux I tasted was superb, and helped salvage the steak a bit. My wife's ratatouille was a little work of art, she loved the sauce. We had to wait about 20 mins for our table, that was the only real drawback besides that misfire on the steak. Service was great, they make you feel very welcome.
Location is a bit unexpected and the interior is very simple -- I would not say it has a "wow" atmosphere for the type of cuisine and prices it offers but they are going instead for a cozy neighborhood feel. This extends to the service which is very good.It was a cute touch to deliver the bill in the restaurant's namesake.Was here for a birthday and they gave us an amuse bouche or two. I was expecting more after great reviews. Would leave the review at 4 stars due to the welcoming atmosphere they try to cultivate.*Edit: Restaurant does NOT have a Michelin star, I mixed ot up with another rwtaurant in an earlier review*if you are going for destination dining be aware this restaurant offers a simple environment.I did enjoy the cassoulet, you can really taste the countryside in them. ;)
We came here a few years ago, but the memory will live forever.Amazing from start to finish, we were greeted as if we were friends of the chef, and in fact, he came by multiple times to ask us about the meal, and just chit-chat. The most welcoming chef I've ever met!The server was a delight, but he did come off as a tiny bit pompous. The meal was heavenly: never have I indulged in such a truly euphoric meal. In fact, I still fantasize about the dessert. The most delicious french toast paired with a home made hazelnut ice cream.At the end of the night, the chef asked us how we were again, and even had someone call us a cab. As the cab pulled up and we were getting in, he ran out and told us how it was a pleasure having us in, and hugged my gf goodbye.Next time I'm in SF, I'll be back here.
My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary dinner and were very impressed. We were concerned that the food would not fill us up and as such ordered an extra entree on top of our three course meals. (We ended up not finishing the third entree because we were really full, thus this means that their portions are actually pretty decent!).I recommend:Veal sweat breads (cuts of veal with awesome sauce)Lamb shank (extra tender meat)French toast with salted caramel ice cream (lightly toasted, and scrumptious)This is a very small establishment, so expect to sit very close to other restaurant patrons. The chef is a very friendly French guy that goes around and talks to all the patrons which was a very nice experience. The food was so delicious, I would highly recommend. At $46/person for a three course meal, this was very reasonable and worth it! Definitely RSVP ahead before going.
Disclaimer: I love French food. After tasting French cuisine in Paris, I believe their emphasis on high quality ingredients makes the French style of cooking the best in the world.So far, as of 2014, Chapeau! is the only French restaurant in the bay area that has met and surpassed my expectations.-Service: Courteous, charismatic, and sincere service.-Atmosphere: I like how it's not too fancy and the people here aren't overdressed. Not intimating for a high end restaurant. Also great for groups. But better for one-on-one's. Although one thing that bothered me was that it's extremely loud here. I'm not sure if it's the people that are really loud or the room just echos, or both. It's also very crowded. You're literally bumping elbows with the people sitting next to you. Not a bad thing, but not the best if you'd rather have a more intimate and quiet atmosphere.The Food:-Mussels in white wine sauce- Plenty of sauce that gave it unique flavors.-Traditional French onion soup- Best French onion soup I've had. I love how they cover it with real and thick cheese. It's to die for. *Drools.-Fries- Comes with two unique sauces. Really good. -Tomato soup with complimentary bread- I loved the tomato soup. Very rich and creamy.-Bouillabaisse (sea bass & mussels)- Sea bass was just okay.-Filet Mignon with bone marrow- First time trying bone marrow and it was SO good. Super fatty.-Baked Alaska & French toast desserts- High quality. Rich.Also, if it's your birthday, let the waiter know before dessert time so your dessert will come out with a birthday candle! :)
Super good French food. Better than the food in France. Recommended:-Trio of salmon -Filet mignonThe complementary soup to kick off the meal is simply amazing.
French, Friday birth-date night at this charming place!  It was a long week and I was looking forward to this evening to be happening! My boyfriend made reservations and they seated us at the corner in the back with comfy cushioning as seating. The lights were dimly lit for the romantic setting and with the splendid entrees that kept coming out, I was whisked away to drowsiness and eventually to almost sleeping during the dessert end. It was very pleasant. Don't get me wrong!We opted for the Prix Fixed (includes appetizer, entree and dessert) with the Trou Normand for the cleansing and tasting fish. To start off with appetizers, we ordered up the Salade Landaise, which was the Frisee salad with delicately sliced, thin duck confit and smoked duck magret. It was wonderful! As for the Trio of Salmon with tartare, bits of sprinkled caviar, egg mimosa, fried capers and creme fraiche, it was well made, but I liked the flavor of the duck better!For wine, we ordered up their French Red Wine Bordeaux, which complimented well for all the meals ordered. Their grilled scallop with risotto, was delightfully delicious! I loved it. Period. I ordered up their Cassoulet de Toulouse, which was their braised lamb shoulder for the entree, and it was huge! Nice and tender, that plate can surely fill 2 people. If you can't finish that lamb entree (I don't blame you), do pack it to go! They use foil for packaging and they shape the foil into a swan-like shape and it creates a handle for you to hold it! Pretty creative over boxes! Their Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with parsnip puree, was decent, but not the best entree, I would say.We got lost in translation for the French desserts, so we asked our waiter which ones we should get. He didn't steer us in the wrong direction at all. Their Sauteed Fig in Red Wine Soup dessert, was one of a kind! Something I have never tried before and worthy of getting! The fig and wine with vanilla ice cream, complimented warmly with each other! The taste of fig, vanilla blend and wine, was a wonderful mix that I would have not thought of stirring up! As for their Tarte Du Jour, which the desciption was not on the menu, but just the name itself on the menu, was superb! It reminded me of a chocolate puff pastry, but up it by times ten! Yum!I was about to shut my eyes and snooze into French food wonderland in Chapeau!
An amazing 3 course dinner for $55 and an extensive wine list. I couldn't have asked for any more. The older gentleman, possibly the owner/manager was very friendly and welcoming. Over all wonderful experience!
This is a great, cozy and intimate restaurant for anyone who wants to get fancy French food without emptying your bank. On the other hand, it's a little bit too small and cozy (it didn't help that we crammed 7 people at a 5 people table as well), so don't bring your big groups here.However, kudos to them for making it work for our big reservation. We did make a reservation for 7, but as these things go, not everyone arrived at the same time. I'm pretty grateful they still accommodated us and whipped up an amazing meal.They have prix fixe menus -- you can pick 3 or 4 items from the menu, with a fixed price. This makes it slightly easier to narrow down what you want within each category. I started with the roasted chestnut soup -- perfectly creamy, great start to the meal. Then I had a striped bass and braised oxtail, and the jus with the potatoes are just perfect. I ended the meal with a delicious lemon tart, probably one of the best I've had.Of course, their wine and cocktails are delicious as well. Don't forget to order some to go with the fabulous meal!This is definitely one of the best French restaurants I have dined at, without all the fuss of higher end restaurants. However, if you prefer a quiet fine dining experience, it might feel like a zoo in here with the number of tables.
Chapeau in San Francisco. Date of visit: Apr 2015 My wife and I decided to celebrate our anniversary locally. Since we have so many great places including restaurants here in the SF bay where we can just have a nice relaxing night, why travel elsewhere? It was a Friday night, and the city was expected to be crowded. Fortunately, we were able to reserve a table with Chapeau! at a reasonable time slot. (Not something like 9:00pm) Food: 5/5We ordered the foie gras as appetizer. Since this was the first time I have foie gras, I didn't know what to expect. All I can is that it was really delicious! I also think the portion is perfect to be shared by two people, because the liver is so rich in flavor. I also like it is served with slices of apple, the freshness of the apple made a good balance with the foie gras' richness. We had the scallop risotto and the duck breast for entre, both dishes were beautifully presented and very delicious. Personally I like the risotto better as the freshness of the scallop went extremely well with the creamy risotto. Lastly, for dessert, we had the chocolate lava cake with the rum raisin ice-cream, and I ordered a half glass of Riesling wine to go with the dessert. Both the chilliness of the ice-cream and the wine paired very well with the rich chocolate, very satisfied! Price/Value: 5/5I think for a fine French cuisine, Chapeau! is very reasonably priced. You know how sometimes fine dining restaurants will give an impression that you are paying high price but you don't even feel full or satisfy. Not the case with Chapeau!. In fact, we both feel really full with some left over duck breast, and the bill was actually slightly lower than what I was expecting. Services: 5/5Both the hostess and our server were very friendly, and our server was very polite and very knowledgeable on the menu. Great services! Chapeau! truly is a gem in the city in my opinion. Great food and services at a reasonably price, and I also like the ambience which is classy but casually relax at the same time. I definitely recommend Chapeau! and I can't wait to go back!
Dined here the other night and really enjoyed it. Started with the foie gras and it was probably one of the best i have had in the city. Was going to have the filet for my entre but ended choosing the Cassoulet de Toulouse, which was perfect! My wife and I shared the chocolate cake and it was unbelievable. Also, the wine list is solid. The only knock i have on this place is that the tables are really close to each other. Regardless, I would definitely go back.
A very long and overdue review. I came to Chapeau with my SO to celebrate our anniversary. Everything here was just so delicious, but I really should start off with their staff. Everyone was so wonderful and attentive, but they also allowed us to have enough alone time to enjoy ourselves and our meals. Even when I just asked for tea, our server went and grabbed their entire box of teas to bring back to me just to let me pick what I wanted. They actually had a huge variety of interesting flavors, so other tea lovers should really request to see that box! He really went above and beyond whenever I made any requests. I can't say enough about how pleasant the experience was just because of their staff alone. Now onto the food.. we ordered the soup, scallop risotto, prime rib with bone marrow, and sorbet for dessert. I unfortunately don't remember what soup it was, but there was a shrimp on top and it was delicious. Their scallop risotto, which is making my mouth water thinking about, was amazing. I love scallop and risotto in general so this was a must for me when I saw it on the menu. Next up was the prime rib, which was HUGE because it was meant to be shared between two people. I love prime rib and the boyfriend and I both thought it was great. I'm not a big fan of bone marrow so I only had a small bit of it, but my boyfriend loved it. We then finished off with sorbet, which was refreshing and a nice way to end the meal. After we left, the chef ran out after us to make sure he said goodbye! He was very sweet.Note:- Parking here can be a little tough depending on when you come since it is in the Richmond, but you should still be able to catch a spot within a few blocks of the restaurant. Give yourself a few extra minutes to park so you don't miss your reservation if you're coming during prime time (i.e. weekend dinner hours)
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and I absolutely loved it! I am a HUGE fan of French food and have always had high standards for it and I must say, this restaurant was absolutely perfect! Each night, the chef serves a sampler of something that he has made and for us, it was cauliflower cream soup. Omg, it was so delicious! It was light, creamy with a hint of truffle oil that was absolutely delicious!! We loved it so much that we asked the server if we could get a larger portion of it.For the entrees, we ordered the ginger soy glazed cod and the duck confit. Portion sizes were very large! I absolutely loved the glazed cod. It just melts in your mouth and the glaze was perfect and spot on! The duck confit was good but I was definitely a bigger fan of the glazed cod. Definitely very filling and well worth the price! After the entrees, we ordered the creme brulee and the french toast. THE CREME BRULEE WAS LIKE HEAVEN! It was a huge portion and was made to perfection! The sugar was not overburnt and the custard was not too sweet and was absolutely delicious! I would highly highly highly recommend ordering the creme brulee! The french toast was good but was slightly too sweet for me but would be a suitable choice for those with a sweet tooth!Parking is not too bad in the area as there are many options. Definitely need to make a reservation ahead of time for this restaurant! Slots fill up fast so you must book ahead of time or you just might be eating late at around 9-10. Definitely worth trying! One of my favorite French restaurants in SF! :DDD
The service is absolutely phenomenal! From the host to the waitress to the bus people. Everyone works like a well-oiled machine.This place is super small but they make it work.The entrance is quite awkward as you walk in to tables right at the entrance with a small podium that can be confused with a behind the scenes set-up. I thought we walked into the wrong place tbh.The host was suuuuuuper friendly! Making small talk & getting to know us as he walked us to our table. (we made reservations, recommended!) He changed our tables for what seemed to be a cancelled reservation because he upgraded our small two person table in between two other tables to a more private 4 person table (there was only 2 of us) So glad that he did that though.For a Monday night, this place was crackin' The ambiance is very romantical, low-light setting, candles... yup, ROMANTICAL.I ordered the Vegetable Napoleon which is barley & farro, lentils with dried fruits and toasted almonds, curry cauliflower mousse, artichoke dome, green curry sauce. It was okay, didn't have much flavor so I didn't really touch it.Dessert won me over.I got the Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee & shared it.It was so yummy :)They give you the bill in a fedora hat, I've never seen that. Such unique idea :)
I'd give Chapeau! a solid 4 stars. Let's just say that the dinner I had at Chapeau! was one of the latest dinners I've ever had in my life--I'm definitely guilty of being extremely HANGRY by the time we got seated around 9:50pm for our 9:45pm reservation. I can see why this quaint little restaurant was packed on a Saturday night, and my friend who made the reservation said she had trouble booking a table for us a week+ in advance. Chapeau! definitely reminds me of homestyle French cooking w/ a unique San Francisco twist to it. All 6 of us ordered from the prix fixe menu-- which was absolutely SUCH a deal (3 courses for $44.50) Wowzers! For my appetizer, I chose the Trio of Salmon- which I thought was on the saltier side, but still delish nonetheless. The salmon tasted quite smokey and overall it reminded me of an Asian fusion inspired dish.For the entree I chose the Canard au Miel & aux pices. THIS, was the highlight of the meal. I mean, if I would go back to Chapeau!, I would most likely just order this entree and be an extremely happy camper. Now, I love eating duck, especially with the way it is prepared in French cuisine. However, the overall portions at this restaurant are HUGE, and I had to struggle to finish the last 4 pieces of this entree...but I did anyway, and felt like a champ! The palate was great and I believe reminded me of cauliflower. It was creamy and I think at this point, filled me up. For dessert, I picked the Baked Alaska- Disclaimer: this was the first baked alaska I'd had in my life, yeah-- where have I been right? Anyway, it was good, but not spectacular. I tried my friend's profiteroles--and those, my fellow Yelpers, were AMAZING. I was swept up to cloud 9 by those profiteroles. Heck, I'd probably eat a dozen at one sitting. They really are just that good!! I think overall, the portions were huge and satisfying, and the hospitality was excellent. The Chef made sure to greet us at the door as we were waiting to get seated (arriving 15 min earlier than the reservation) and proceeded to give each one of us a hug and kisses on the cheek as we left (which I heard is a thing from one of my coworkers), which I found wonderfully adorable. Oh, and on top of giving my friend a candle with her dessert, they also gave us a complimentary French Toast and Basil Napoleon. I didn't have room in my stomach to try the French Toast, but judging from my friends' ooo's and ahh's, they seemed really happy which was wonderful. The Basil Napoleon was extremely fresh and fruity, and my friend's creme brulee came in the biggest ramskin (in terms of diameter) that I had ever seen in a restaurant. I was quite impressed with the plating and presentation of the dishes. Chapeau!
Being a foie gras fanatic, my process of selecting restaurants to dine at usually starts with searching "foie gras" on Yelp. Chapeau! showed up as one of the top results and the reviews looked amazing so I decided to book a table here during my recent trip to SF.Arriving at the restaurant, I have to say that Chapeau! wasn't as upscale as I had imagined it to be, but the service was impeccable as soon as we arrived at the door. It felt like a family-run French restaurant and we definitely felt welcome and at home. Food-wise, let's start with the foie gras. Of course it was amazing! My greatest complaints about seared foie gras dishes is that the foie gras is either overcooked or too raw and gamey. The foie gras at Chapeau! was executed perfectly and I loved the sauce that went with it too. I also really enjoyed the filet mignon. Last but not least, my friend said that the creme brle served at Chapeau! was probably the best creme brle she's ever tasted!Thanks Chapeau! See you the next time I'm in town :)
Friends took me here for my birthday dinner last tuesday. The ambience was good, clean, dim lights, good tables, a small place. FOOD was FANTASTIC. Iv been to alot of french restaurants, this one stands out.we got the 3 course fixed dinner. for appetizer i got the salmon trio. slices of raw fresh salmon with capers and some salom roe. it was good and fresh taste. for the main entree i got breaded veal cutlets. the veal was so tender i thought it was eating soft tofu. it came in a sauce which went well with it. Lastly, 3rd was the dessert. i got BASIL NAPOLEAN. good presention on this one, i must say! they also put a candle next to it. It was good and fruity, yet light and not too heavy or too sweet.I will definitely go here again. worth the money. the staff and servers are friendly.BONUS POINTS: front desk lady opened the door for us with a smile and greet as we approached to go inside the restaurant.
The restaurant is clever in that they give you your bill in a "chapeau" at the end of the meal. We were a little shocked by the choice of either a 3-course or 4-course dinner priced at $55 and up, however, we thought we would endulge after the long distance we traveled to get there. We were guests of a friend whom we had not seen in over 7 years and had reservations. I thought the waiter was inexperienced and rude for such a fine-dining establishment (such as referring to me as "boss" when I was ordering and being unattentive until it was time to pay). We were never asked if we enjoyed our meal, however, both the waiter and the manager came to our table four separate times nudging our hat to pay the bill and interrupting our conversation. I appreciated the presentation of the dishes, but the food made me really sick later that evening. Summary: overpriced, overrated and unimpressed - definitely wouldn't recommend this restaurant for a special occasion or a devoted foodie.
I lover everything we ordered... from the cocktails to the set menu...Great atmosphere ....will come back again and have recommended to other friends
A special place for our 2nd anniversary. I was ecstatic with the delicious and tender sweetbreads, which are hard to find in this city. The piece de resistance,( recommended by the owner),was the DESSERT WAFFLE.. iT is so good, I will go back and eat two orders for dinner.
Chapeau! This place is great. We came here for a friend's birthday (in a party of 10) and the service and food were impeccable. The only hiccup that we experienced related to a questionable bottle of wine that we ordered. The server eventually replaced our bottle with another of our choosing, so the situation was understood and handled well by the server. The food was definitely the best part of the experience. The filet mignon is one of the best that I have tasted. Much better taste than Flemings, Alexanders, etc. We ordered the 3 course menu, which is a good deal at $44.50 per person. At the end of the meal, most of us could barely finish our dessert (they also serve complimentary bread and butter). I would recommend the mussels appetizer. It was very good and they give you a large portion. In terms of dessert, almost everyone in our party ordered the french toast (which is delicious). I requested that the server give me his recommendation for a dessert, which was the Nuage De Noix-- it was good. It has a lemon flavor to it and has the texture of those strawberry ice cream bars with little flakes on the outside. The only thing we missed out on from our experience was a greeting from the chef, which seems to be customary from reading prior reviews.
Amazing!!! Everything on the menu was nothing like I've ever experienced before. It was tasty, and exciting. The chef has great imagination and creativity. I had the four course meal ($65) and chose a salad with fried camembert? cheese, scallop over basil risotto, duck for main course, and French toast ala mode. Obviously my descriptions of the food don't do it justice at all. The descriptions on the menu are a hundred times more mouth watering : ) Service was excellent and we were well attended to. The chef also takes the time to come out and greet everyone. Forget about the price because it's worth every penny. Great place for romance or a celebration. Tip: make sure you make a reservation because this place gets packed!
We went here for our anniversary, and decided to splurge. Bottle of wine, five courses, port and scotch. It wasn't a $300 meal, but it was close.The food was excellent. Highlights were the mussels and the scallop. My wife ordered her steak medium rare, but it was most definitely rare (even that may be generous). My suggestion would be that they could dial down the portion sizes (and price) for the tasting menu. They were out of the bouillabaisse. The ambiance is not good. The restaurant is crowded and plain. In some spots you are basically sharing a table with another couple, not exactly what we had in mind for a romantic evening out. Also, many of the fellow diners were on cell phones, wearing baseball caps, etc. Not what you'd expect at a place that expensive...an unexpected drawback to a healthy economy, the rising tide floats all boats.The chef greeted us at our table, and even ran out afterwards to wish us happy anniversary. That was nice.Bottom line though, for the price, experience matters. If you order the tasting menu, you are probably going to be there for a couple hours, at least. No matter how good the food is, it is not worth the money if the setting causes even a little bit of grief.
French food lover alert!!! This place has such the best French food. The owner is a French and he is very friendly, especially by saying goodbye to the customer at night. I remebered that i have a salmon dish that the meat is too soft that i couldnt recognize it is salmon. You paid the money by putting ur card inside a fedora hat (quite interesting) :))
Made a dinner reservation for this well-known and highly-rated French restaurant a few weeks prior to dining here the other night.Started off with the complimentary bread and it was okay. (ACME bread was much better) The butter was too hard (Joel Robuchon is light years ahead)The tomato soup as the amuse bouche was decent as it had a slight kick to it.The first course in the 3 course menu was the trio of salmon which wasn't fresh... The potato chip came out soggy...The salmon wasn't flavorful either...it tasted like it had been in the fridge for too long...as even my plate came out cold...definitely a miss in my book.Moved on to the filet mignon with bone marrow and it was also a miss. The filet mignon came out medium rare as requested but was too try, and had no flavor. The sauce was too rich and salty... The bone marrow was too fatty..The profiteroles as dessert was also a miss as it didn't taste fresh. The vanilla ice cream tasted weak...vanilla flavor was weak. The chocolate drip sauce wasn't all there either...The Napoleon dessert that Yelpers were raving about was also a miss. The supposedly crispy "chip" came out soggy...wasn't fresh...Ambiance in the restaurant was intimate and the staff was friendly, despite a slight mix up with the tab... The chef even came out thanking us for stopping by.~$74/head after tax and tip for dinner.
#51My Valentine's Day was exceptional at Chapeau! Absolutely wonderful!We arrived around 9:30 and the place was packed. There were many people outside waiting to be seated, and many more waiting inside for their tables to be prepared. The moment we walked up the Executive Chef and owner Philppe greeted my friend at the door with a warm welcome, I had no idea my friend knew Phiippe. I was quite curious about the relationship, but it was quickly explained to me that he had eaten at Chapeau! too many times in the past...makes sense.We had the five course Prix Fixe menu...and it was simply one of the best meals I have had the pleasure of eating, in a long while. Let me list our courses:Crab SaladFoie GrasScallopDuck Leg & Duck BreastEspresso Creme Anglaise Our server started us out with wonderful drinks to pair with our meal and then the amazing food began to arrive, each dish at the perfect time, each dish the perfect size, each dish tastier than the dish before.The Crab Salad was so fresh and delightful. Delicious crab covering a plate with grapefruit, orange and kumquat confit, pomegranate and pine nuts. This salad was drizzled with a lemon-honey emulsion to lightly glaze the fruits and crab. I think I could have eaten two!Our second course arrived shortly after the salads were cleared away and our table swept for any crumbs that might be littering our eating surface. I was seriously surprised to see the Foie Gras! I recall the year that SF decided to make this dish "illegal" and having my last wonderful taste of it at Chaya several years ago. As a New Orlean and French girl, the Foie Gras was adding to my special dinner--thank you Chapeau! Wonderfully toasted pieces of brioche, tiny slices of fresh green apple and a tantalizing Gewrztraminer gelatin aligned the plate with two wonderful Foie Gras medallions.The Day Boat Scallop arrived next presented quite lovely in a round, deep dish displaying the thickness and beauty of the large scallop. Tiny expressions of zucchini and carrot added a hint of flavor to this wonderful scallop atop a saffron beurre blanc that was to die for!At this point, I was already getting full, but the selections were so outstanding I was willing to indulge. The main course was arriving--Duck Leg Confit paired with a Pan Seared Maple Leaf Duck Breast. If I have not said, "WOW!" yet, WOOOOOOW!!! These two treats were set over top of black eyed peas, kale, shallots and sauce au poivre vert. OMGoooooodessssss... Everything was perfectly seasoned and so moist and juicy. FInally, the grande finale arrives--the Opera, an Espresso Creme Anglaise. I am not a dessert fan, I simply do not partake in sweets regularly; however, this was a must taste. I did have one decadent bite of the dessert, which was plenty, but I can honestly say that if I did eat sugars this would be the one!Our server continually checked on us, but never in an intrusive manner, simply with the utmost professionalism. I never needed or wanted anything outside of the perfect service he provided. Philippe came to our table to make sure the cuisine was everything we anticipated and also to give me a hug. Okay, here it comes again, "WOOOOOOOOW!!!!" I got a hug from the wonderful Philippe! What a splendid way to complete my perfect Valentine's Day meal. Our server packaged our duck, as we truly could not endure another bite, yet were unwilling to part with the delicacies. As our coats were brought back to our table and we were ready to exit the establishment, our server helped me into my coat and scarf and we made our way to the front, in a still very crowded restaurant. As we were leaving, Philippe came and thanked us, and hugged us again and we decided that a picture was in order--you can see how fat everyone's face is after all that delicious and fattening French cuisine...lolTo simply summarize my experience, Chapeau! was wonderfully elegant and unpretentious awarding diners with a five star experience from service to menu. Stephani Smiles for Chapeau! ;)
SF Restaurant Week 2015 stop #13Wasn't expecting it to be so... Asian. Majority of the diners plus even the hostess and at least one waiter were Asian. But get this: *no one* was taking food photos, till way at dessert when this chick next to me finally busted some shots. Almost surreal.(^_^) Filet Mignon x Foie x Marrow $54 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)Holy trinity.(^_^) Sweetbreads $16 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)#eatweird #gogrossorgohome(^_^) Anchovy Breadstick $0 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)Light. Amuse dat bouche.(^_^) Iced Tea $3 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)I die without this._/==\_.(^_^) Chapeau Alatoire $0 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)All-over pink sequins. Real playas & pimps only.(-_^) 1/2 Doz Oysters $6? (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)Misty Point, VA. Last state in "Award Tour".(-_^) Escargots $9.75 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)Boys = snakes + this + puppy dog tails.(-_^) French Toast $? (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)Wish there'd been crust. #thatswhatshesaid #eww(-_^) Table Bread $0 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chap)Put other foods on it.Make your RSVP via phone; it's like you're talking to Cirque du Soleil. Then when you go, let me know which random hat your receipt arrives in. Bon chapeau-tite! #lesmh #lefacepalm
The food is the best. It is my wife and my go to spot when friends or family visit. The owner is gregarious and talks to the diners. But is really all about the food.
I agree with Mark L. and Anya C.For a French restaurant the food was just okay and overpriced. Our server was rude and she ignored us. The place is not elegant, some customers dressed like they're at a casual coffee house, untidy decor as you walk in.So disappointed.
Walked into Chapeau! and was greeted by Chef Philippe Gardelle himself; he even showed us to our table! The complimentary cauliflower soup w/ truffle oil was the perfect way to prepare our palates for what in stored for us. The creamy roasted chestnut soup w/duck fat croutons was so good, I wanted more! The filet mignon was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and then Desserts! The Baked Alaska, and French Toast were both oh-so DELICIOUS!!!
The food here is great. Ate here for lunch a long time ago. It's a relatively small restaurant, but the food is good. I tried the duck leg confit and it was really good restaurant quality. Also tried the escargot. The food is of great quality and standard!
I've had Chapeau bookmarked for years. Finally checked it out last weekend during Restaurant Week. And what great timing, since the foie gras ban got lifted. Chapeau is still a popular place that gets booked up quickly. I was lucky to be able to get a reservation with three days notice, and an earlier time slot (5PM), the night before.The restaurant is cozy but not as small as you would think. The place was pretty bustling towards the end of dinner and we could see why. We were the second party to be seated, and I honestly would have preferred another table than the one we got, but I guess that's okay. Because it was Restaurant Week, Chapeau didn't offer their Early Bird Dinner, which in actuality is a better value than the Restaurant Week menu. Since foie gras was back I decided on doing the seared foie gras appetizer ($20) and for my entree the duck frisee salad ($16). He stuck with the Restaurant Week menu and chose: the trio of salmon, bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, and the Basil Napoleon. First came out the amuse bouche which was a sort of anchovy breadstick, first bite, it was just a salty breadstick, then came in the fishy anchovy taste. He was fine with it, for me, I just couldn't do another bite. The foie gras mas magical! He said it was the best foie gras he ever had - even compared to Gary Danko's and Au Cheval's foie gras scrambled eggs. It was nicely seared and fatty. The apple slices were the perfect sweet accompaniment. The trio of salmon was so fresh and light. Loved the tartare and the creme fraiche and herbs complimented this well. My frisee came with lots of tender duck confit and duck breast pieces. I wished it would have came with a little more than duck and the frisee; even a little bit of citrus would have tied everything together and added a wonderful missing element to the dish. The fingerling potato chips bit did and a nice crunch to it. He loved his tender and juicy bacon wrapped tenderloin and the au ju was perfect on the bed of mashed potatoes. He was going to go with the typical creme brulee but I asked him to go with the Basil Napoleon, and we both were glad that he did. Thin little almost paper thin like crepes with bits of pineapple, mango, banana and kiwi with a light pastry creme makes this dessert light and refreshing. I think it's a perfect dessert for someone who isn't much into sweets. I think Chapeau is almost at 5. If the Restaurant Week Menu had a beef or duck main entree offering I may have considered going by that menu instead. They were offering other pre fixe menu options too, but once I heard foie gras I decided to get it with a little something else. The staff is attentive and wonderful here (ladies you'll get a kiss on both cheeks Parisian style from the owner on your way out as well). The food was wonderful, and we were totally eyeing the steak for two which may have to get next time. Merci Chapeau for a lovely dinner!
I had to dive in to my indulgences and went head first with escargot, bone marrow, and fois gras!! It was heaven on earth! They do a wonderful job or showcasing food as art and making a meal into an experience. Bon Appetit!
This is fine dining without the prickliness. The owner and our server were not only friendly but also genuine. The food... Not only out of this world, but also pretty good portions. I really love this place. Simple, with food done right and great customer service. I will be back again and again and again. Wonderful.
The service and food at Chapeau was spectacular. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. He's extremely difficult to please and loved the food. His main entree was the bouillabaisse. As a vegetarian, I was happy that they had options for the prix fixe meal. My only gripe was that the entree was way too sweet, even for someone with a sweet tooth. The first few bites were heaven, but then it became difficult to finish the rest of the plate.
Impeccable service, wonderful ambiance, delicious dishes. One of my favorite restaurants in SF. We shared the oyster appetizer and I had the striped Bass. Everything had rich complex flavors, even the chocolate cake with banana flamb and rum raisin ice cream!
I love Chapeau! It is perfection! I came here with my mom and sister for their early bird special, and it was such a good deal. I like the fact that the portions are small because usually when I go out to eat, I never have room for dessert. We all ordered the same thing:Appetizer - Trio of Salmon (Gravlax, Tartare & Caviar, Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache, Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing)Entree - Canard au Miel & aux pices (Duck Leg Confit & Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast,Celery Root "Faon Fettuccini  la Crme", Braised Bok Choy, Honey & Spiced Duck Jus) Dessert - Basil Napoleon (Maui Pineapple, Manila Mango, Banana, Kiwi & Strawberries, Champagne-Citrus Pastry Cream, Feuille de Bric) Everything was tasty and delicious, and the service was excellent. I loved how the chef came out to greet everyone! Definitely will be back :)
I came here because of the ratings. with over 2000 raters getting 4 1/2 stars is impressive. And it's quite difficult to rate this restaurant because it's not a traditional French restaurant you visit.Therefore, it's difficult to rate against other elegant French restaurants and according to Yelp, 3 stars is good rating. This restaurant definitely is not "as good as it gets" (4 stars). If just based on the food, it's definitely a 4 stars better than many 1 Michelin star restaurants I went to but the overall package is not a 4 stars. Frankly, I can't say "I'm a fan" neither because the overall experience (not just the quality of the food) is not what I expect from how they price their dishes.Service:1. Overall, server are courteous. However, they lacked of the "classy restaurant" training. Case in point, we sit next to a divided wall where servers, for their convenient, taking plates and serving foods across the divided half wall... that feels... not classy.2. The kind of restaurants Chapeau! categorized with, I never had to get the server attention. Which means it's not understaffed. I had to ask for water twice, ask to order a glass of wine, asked for bread twice (sorry, kids were hungry), asked to order and asked for a check.3. The bus (both of them) were very friendly, hard working but one expects more from a French restaurant at this caliber. They are wonderful servers and I loved to dine with such staff. However, they need more training to serve in a classy French restaurant. One server use a towel when he pours water to prevent water bounce on to the table or the customer, that's training! However, the other servers obviously didn't have as much training... such as serving dishes between me and my wife while he could have wait to serve from the opening of the table (there were someone standing by our table, I believe it's a server for another table)Decor:1. Even though Chapeau! priced as a high class restaurant, the decor is more like a casual bistro. The lighting is good but if you look at the decor... the molding around the ceiling and the walls, the chairs, wooden chairs that has no style nor character... feels like you walked into a rustic cafeteria. 2. Extra chairs were stacked outside the restaurant by a lack luster single door entry. I believe if pay more attention to design detail, it can make this a much stylish French restaurant.3. The entry was divided by a curtain cornered at the entry. Lack sincerity. 4. Bathrooms... I've been to many small restaurants in the city. The food is no where near the quality of Chapeau! but they were thoughtful and stylish design even with very small space. But the decor in the bathroom looks like those at some cheap Chinese restaurants.  Design can be done at low cost, again it's how much thoughts they put in to it.Food:1. Cream of corn soup with crab cake and dash of truffle oil - Impressive. It's creamy but not heavy. The flavorful chunky crab cake was just the proper portion.2. Baked onion soup - This is not a traditional onion soup. Because traditional onion soup is not delicious... they are always too salty. This onion soup emit enormous sweetness... The beef stock was subtle, didn't overwhelm the onion flavor. The cheese they use is probably Gruyere, Its aroma and chewiness made the soup perfect. Personally, I would like to see more cheese, but that just for cheese lover like myself.3. Blue cheese tart - I had to say layers were so crispy and buttery, the blue cheese didn't overwhelm the rest of the tart. It's quite good even for someone who's not a fan of blue cheese.4. Foie Gras - It was good. The timing was perfect... it melts in your mouth but still can flavor the crispiness on the outside. The only comment I have is that the quality of the goose liver. I've had better where the chef removed all the tendon/vessels inside the liver. The one I had still have a little bit in it. But then, even in some highly rated restaurant in the city, I've had worse experience with the Foie Gras. Thus, I've no complaint.5. Filet Mignon - This is done perfect. I've seen steak done perfectly medium rare, most places will over cooked it and some under. Chapeau! did it perfectly. The mushroom sauce is a bit on the salty side but the steak was not marinated much so it turned out to be a perfect balance. If anything (trying to be a perfectionist), I'd like a bit more crispy, which means about 50 degree higher heat to slightly burn the outside of the steak to make the crispiness stand out.6. Seared duck breast - Perfect done. amazingly tender!7. Bouillabaisse - was smaller than expected. Especially if you had it in France. The flavor is good, but the lemon in soup was a bit strong. It was not my favorite dish.All in all, it feels like a Chinese run restaurant with a 1 Michelin star French chef in the culinary. Come for the food, you'll be a happy camper.
Chapeau exceed my expectations! What a great find, thanks to my fellow yelpers!Took my boyfriend here for his birthday, upon entering I was greeted with a smile and great service. The chef even personally came out to greet his customers and returning clients.This place is small, yet elegant and intimate, be sure to make reservations!We ordered the chef's menu, which I recommend. We had a salad dish, soup, palette cleanser, filet mignon with bone marrow, and the baked alaskan for dessert.The filet mignon was cooked perfectly and juicy. The bone marrow is to die for! Buttery goodness! The baked alaskan dessert was definitely a surprise. It is whipped cream, lightly torched, but when you dig in, it has layers of flavor. Lightly whipped chocolate, coconut bits, and almonds flakes. It had a lot of different textures without being overly sweet.5 STARS
Chapeau means "hat" in French, but with a "!" means Wow! They certainly live up to their name. This was a classy, delicious, and FUN experience. My bf and I came here for Restaurant Week a couple months ago, which definitely made the fun more affordable. We ordered the following:APPETIZERS: Foie gras and scallopsENTREES: Cassoulet De Toulouse and Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin DESSERT: Baked Alaska and Warm Valrhona Chocolate CakeThe entire dinner experience took about 4 hours so make sure to make reservations beforehand! The appetizers were perfect: soft and melted in my mouth. The entrees were delicious, as expected. The cassoulet was very hearty - basically all meat (no veggies). The bacon wrapped pork tenderloin was refreshing and light, despite the heavy-sounding name. The restaurant nicely topped off the meal with amazing, not-very-sweet dessert! Chapeau!
What website doesn't reveal is that dinners are price fix. They claim they haven't had time to update site which still lists prices as a la carte.
Loved everything about this place. Cozy and romantic ambience, Friendly service, Food was divine, Cocktails were fresh and super tasty and Dessert was TDF.My Dinner Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic Special of the day (off menu)- Foie GrasBouillabaisse Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake
Outstanding food and service. Perfect place for a wonderful date night. A most try Fourme D' Ambert Tart, Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin, and to finish it off there French Toast. Great wine selection to pair with the delicious food.
Hubby and I went to Chapeau for a dinner on a Saturday night. We had reservations and were seated immediately. Every table was taken, but the place still managed not to feel crowded and the noise level was fine. The decor was clean, but a bit plain and did not create an intimate atmosphere.We both selected the 3 course prix fixe menu. Hubby started with the trio of salmon, which was excellent. I started with the foie gras (and yes I felt guilty ordering it, but simply could not help myself), which was rich, creamy and wonderful. For entrees, Hubby selected the Filet Mignon and I selected the Day Boat Scallops (the special). While both dishes were quite good, I preferred the Filet Mignon. Good thing since the Filet Mignon appears to be a regular dish on the menu. For desert, we selected the French Toast and the Apple Tarte. Both were good, but not particularly memorable. Overall, the food was very good.The ambiance and the food would have resulted in a 3 star rating for me - not because there was anything particularly wrong with the restaurant, I simply have had much better. The turning point for me, however, was the service. The wait staff was excellent. They were quick (without making you feel rushed), attentive (without hovering), and friendly. Overall, the wait staff took care of us and made us feel special. And for this, we will return.
Food was great. Could have rated 4 stars if not for the poor service. Here is a list. 1. No one explained the menu to us. 2. No one explained any dish to us during our multi course meal. 3. No one stopped by to check on us. Not once. 4. No one asked whether I needed another drink after I finished my wine. 5. Waiter handed us the bill while we are still eating our desert.
My wife took me to Chapeau! for my birthday and the food and service were outstanding. Since it was my birthday, and I was pretty hungry, I ordered the 4 course menu, which includes an appetizer, a seafood "tasting", an entree and dessert. In all honesty, I was never all that interested in foie gras before it was banned, but after all that controversy, I just can't help but order it whenever I get the chance, much to the horror of wife, who is a recovering vegan. The foie gras appetizer was the most amazing foie gras that I have ever eaten. It was tender, but with with a delicate crisp, and slightly sweet yet buttery and creamy. It was so amazing, that I'm still thinking about it the day after.The seafood tasting was a very large scallop over pesto risotto, with a brown lobster sauce. The portion itself was small, since it was just a tasting, but it was delicious. I was tempted to lick the sauce from the bottom of the plate, but Chapeau! is a nice restaurant and probably isn't the type of place to do that.My entree was the fillet mignon, with bone marrow, over potatoes and mushrooms. The fillet mignon was cooked perfectly medium rare, and the bone marrow was delicious and buttery when spread over the french bread.I'm not much of a wine person, so the very friendly waiter suggested a glass of the French Pinot Noir, which complimented all the courses of the meal very well.The chef came out to chat with us, and he wished me a happy birthday and congratulated my wife and I on our one month of marriage. He was very happy to hear that we were recently married and gave us a complimentary dessert of profiteroles, in addition to to our French toast and Basil Napoleon. All three desserts were delicious, in particular the Basil Napoleon and Profiteroles excellent.After we left, the chef ran out to the street and gave us a big hug. Wow, that's friendly!
Delicious French food, amazing service! The servers even fold your napkins while you are away from the table for a few minutes! Great wine. We had the Foie gras appetizers, mussels with frites, filet mignon, and the berry pastry dessert! All so yummy! I've been there three times, each time was memorable. One of my favorite French restaurants in SF!
Ordered the Filet Mignon, added Foie Gras and Bone Marrow, and it was probably the most exquisitely satisfying dish of food I've had in my life. Ridiculous hyperbole? At the risk of embarrassing myself, the answer is no. I fear it has ruined me for any other steak dish I may have. Yes, will definitely be back.
My 400th review gets 5 stars from me for these reasons:1. Incredibly hospitable staff - the chef came out to greet us and gave us a complimentary appetizer and friendly conversation every time we've been there in the past. BUT - I heard he's switched locations. What a heartbreaker.2. The timing - dishes came out perfectly timed - it was almost ridiculous. When we were decidedly ready to order (and this was a little bit of time...) they were over in an instant.3. The scallops are possibly one of the best things I have had in quite some time.4. Rather intimate seating, but the volume isn't usually too insane in here. 5. That bouillabaisse.6. That warmed Valrhona chocolate cake. That French toast. DON'T SKIP DESSERT!it's such a fantastic restaurant, with more pros than cons. It can get pricey, but you don't walk in here expecting a cheap meal now, do you?If you make it in here from 5:00-6:00PM any day except Friday and Saturday, you can get an early bird prix fixed meal for around $37.
We went to Chapeau for dinner, without any expectations or idea in mind. I was pleasantly surprised with the choice of meals and the wine list. Good balance between French and Californian wines. Warm and cozy ambient. Food is outstanding and well presented. Pricing was quite reasonable. Service was excellent and respectful to guests, we never felt rushed to leave or ignored by servers. We had the three course Fixed price meal. We choose the traditional escargots and onion soup to start. It was delicious melted in my mouth. The main course was Seared Scallop and Filet Mignon - the scallops was tender, tasty and easily accessed, the steak was fork tender and almost creamy mouth feel. Warm chocolate cake and french toast for dessert was just the right amount of taste, sweet tart and lightness that rounded out the meal perfectly. All in all, a decent place, if you like classic French cuisine - well worth a visit.
This wasn't our first choice, but the place we initially were recommended was completely booked, so we decided to give it a try. When I first walked into the restaurant, I wasn't sure what to expect. The place is pretty crowded and loud with the bar almost immediately to your left, and most fine dining places I've been to are quiet and romantic. We took a seat at our table and our waiter immediately came to greet us and get our drink orders. We decided to go with the 3 course menu. For the appetizers, we had a salad and trio fries which was pretty good. My steak was nicely cooked for the appetizer and very flavorful. For dessert, I ordered the crme brulee and he ordered the French toast. I was surprised at first because French toast isn't something I usually imagine for dessert but it was probably the best French Toast I've ever had with the bread being nice and fluffy. The price wasn't too bad for the 3 course meal, so it was a great deal, better than ordering a la carte. Very great service even though the place was pretty packed. As we paid our bill and were leaving, we hear someone trying to get attention. When we turned around, it turned out the Chef was making the rounds and was coming around to our table when we got up and he wanted to make sure we were happy with our meal. It was touching that he cared enough to chase us down the street. It was a very pleasant surprise from walking through the door to a loud, noisy restaurant to having a great meal with great service! Definitely would love to go back.
We celebrated Christmas Eve dinner here with our family and had a great experience. The service was greta and everyone was super friendly. Our sitting situation was a bit odd because we had five adults and four kids but were seated at a long table so it was difficult to have a conversation.But the food here was amazing. I started off with the onion soup and it was delicious. It had just the right amount of cheese and wasn't too hot either (which is a pet peeve of mine). For the main meal I got the braised lamb and it was phenomenal. The meat just fell off the bone and it was so tasty.I'd definitely recommend this spot as you won'e be disappointed.
The food is very good. I'd like to praise the restaurant team for their hospitality, superb service and friendly atmosphere. The entire staff was very accommodating of my two children's, 9 and 6 year old, food requests. My nine year old son who is a foodie said the service was the best.
Amazing food (we each had the chefs menu) and even better service. It was my French fiance's birthday and they were extremely polite and welcoming for us. It was nice to find that many of their waiters were French as well so we could speak with them.Our favorite meal of the night was by far the seared scallop on pesto risotto with a really flavorful and balanced lobster sauce. That dish will forever be in my memory and I wish I could eat it everyday. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly and is probably the most tender filet we've had. We finished with vanilla bean crme brle which really brought back so many amazing memories. It was such a great experience and delight to eat here.The portions are pretty large so you might be able to just order one of the chefs menu and share between two people. Merci les amis! C'tait trs, trs delicieux!!!!
I've been a fan of Chapeau! ever since they were at their old location. After a year of not going, however, I decided to give this place a try again.It's definitely different, the owner used to greet every guest with a warm kiss on the cheek (my grandma found it disturbing so she hated him), but now he doesn't even appear.Also, the food is definitely not AS good as before, but still better than many other french restaurants.-Trio of Salmon: still my favorite appetizer! Salmon tartar wrapped wrapped in smoked salmon, with salmon roe and bits of boiled egg as well as fried capers around it. Very good, very delicious. All the different flavors and textures made me so happy.-Roasted Duck Breast: served with polenta with white truffle oil, bok choy, and spice duck jus. The polenta was simply amazing. Very smooth and creamy, but no truffle taste. I did not care for the bok choy lol (ew veggies). The duck was very tender, but I feel like it can be a little less cooked. Still a great dish though!-Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin: served with parsnip puree, caramelized apple, kale, and apple calvados sauce. This pork tenderloin is indeed very tender. The sauce definitely goes with it, giving it a very subtle sweetness. The meat wasn't dry, ugh so good.-French Toast: served with salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut creme anglaise. The flavors are great, but that was it. The french toast was drenched in what seemed like a sea of hazelnut soup. Very soggy. The texture simply made me not want to eat it.-Basil Napoleon: pinapple, mango, banana, kiwi, and stawberry bits with champagne-citrus pastry cream and feuille de bric. This is the go-to dessert if you want something light and refreshing. Just a warning, sometimes the mangos aren't ripe, but that's the only negative. -Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee: still my favorite dessert. You can never go wrong with this. Very creamy and vanilla-y! The service is still great, however, one of the staff members decided to "fluff" the tablecloth for the table beside us, blowing a gust of cold air and some dust over to my mom and I -___- Like, why?
We've been coming to Chapeau for years and arrived for our wedding anniversary dinner and despite being late, we were seating promptly. Owner came out to say hello and the service was friendly. Ambiance is OK, perhaps a bit loud, but I guess to be expected in such a small place.Waiter came over and we decided to go for the 3 course meal. We added onion soup to the order and agreed to pay extra for that. Food was so-so, certainly not as good as I remember. Onion soup was far too sweet, foie gras was tasty while the sweetbread was dry and bland. Main course casoulette was also dry and not terribly tasty while my wife's scallops were quite good. All in all, an "OK" meal.Check arrived and it's $179 dollars. Apparently we had been upcharged for almost everything we ordered. I questioned the waiter about the bill and I received a poor explanation. I explained that in the future, it is their responsibility to tell customers at the time of the order about upcharges. He apologizes.We won't be back given the food and ambiguity on pricing. This restaurant used to be a gem, so disappointing to see it become an "OK" but overpriced French restaurant.
Our neighborhood favorite place. Never seems to dessapoin. Warm atmosphere and very good french food and wine list, make you always to come for more.
Came here for my bday. Originally I wanted to do the early bird special but they changed the menu so I couldn't find anything I like on that menu. Escargot - too chewy for me. The garlic flavor is not enough. But the butter is definitely enough. Trio of salmon - I feel salmon is not fresh. It's got some old taste in it. Just quite a normal salmon tartare and I can't tastes 3 ways of making it at all. I like the salad sauce on top though. Cassoulet - it's just ok. There is not much flavor in it. Skate wing in brown butter - this is very good. Good taste and good fish. The veggie on the side is also awesome. Best dish of tonight.
My absolute favorite restaurant. The escargot is amazing and so is the service! If you're in the Bay Area, you have to try this place!
Well it's restaurant week in San Francisco again and once again Chapeau is back on the list. I've been meaning to come here for sometime now and finally seized the opportunity for Dine About SF. First off, let me just digress and say raising the restaurant week prices to $40 for dinner basically adds zero benefit for consumers, especially when the regular menu pre-fixe is $44.50. Now Chapeau is a little French restaurant right at the start of Clement street. Walking in the decor is lovely but the noise level here really takes always from the ambiance. When I think French, I think romantic and intimate not clamorous, annoyance. That being said our server had great knowledge of the menu and actually warned my girlfriend about one of their unique dishes (cassoulet the Toulouse). However, what really rubbed me the wrong way was all the additional charges that came with each menu item. Yes, if you are thinking $44.50 for a pre-fixed is too good to be true, you are absolutely correct. Almost all the good menu items were an additional $2-$8 some were even an extra $20. What's the point of even having a pre-fixe menu at that point?The food was about average for me. Nothing really stood out. The trio of salmon was tasty and the bread and fries that came with my mussels were probably my highlights. All in all the quality did not match the price tag. This place has a lot of potential, but just missing the mark.
Cheap valentine day meal with my gfDrank a bottle of wine and got tipsy.Ate a set dinner:Crab saladFoie gras Scallop Duck breast The bread is so fucking good !! Highlight of the night .... Got parking right in front at 10:30 and it's the latest dinner I ever ate ! Customer service is 4 stars with dude has a French accent
I was looking for this place on Clement, we were literally driving down the street looking for Chapeau not knowing exactly where it was, and my smartphone was dead! We passed by did a reverse and I was looking for a sign, no name on their door front. Then a guy walks out with a French accent, I ask him are we at the right place he said yes! And then he moved a sign out of a white zone and told us we were able to park right in front of the restaurant! WOW now that's service! Then we were accomodated right away to a table without reservation, so lucky!Now the food, my friend and I went for the 3 meal course and ate each others food. We were so full and satisfied walking out, good portion size. Started with Duck salad, duck 3 ways and so delicious! Onion Soup, very good! cheesy and hot! I got the entree, ox tail and stripe bass over mashed potato, OMG crispy fish skin moist fish and delicious ox tail. My friend got Cassoulet de Toulouse, it looked so yummy huge duck confit leg, a huge sausage and some other type of meat, lots of stewed beans and lamb meat shred. I would of gotten that if I ate lamb, such a huge hearty meal. Then we ended with Profiteroles and Baked Alaska. Both amazing, the toasted almonds in both desserts was a perfect touch. We licked the plates and bowls of all dishes! Yep that good! Can't wait to go back. And yes, like all French places I've been to the waiters are very flirty and funny. And yes we got the double cheek kisses while leaving, ha!
we were told by staff that we had to get the 3 courses (holiday season rules?) --mussels were perfect, scallop was amazing.service was greatchestnut soup was good but nothing to die for; trio of salmon would be something i'd get againfilet mignon was seriously perfectly cookedchef was gregarious -- much appreciatedthe butter and the free bread killed my appetite but it was just so good...rabbit was okay... but that might just be me... while all executed well, nothing i'd say that excites me to go back again.
I used to come here quite a bit but hadn't been here for dinner in years. What a disappointment! The only thing edible was my onion soup. The filet and the accompanying sides were so salty I couldn't eat them. The blueberry tart was over cooked. Worst of all was the service. There was one VERY rude woman who was the hostess, waitress and cashier. She was awful in all 3 roles. We waited 40 minutes just to pay our bill with a credit card on a mobile app! I will never go back.
the service is superb as well as the food. I've dined here many times and have never been disappointed. one of the best in the City
Great, cozy atmosphere and delicious food. We had the chestnut soup, sweetbreads, skate wing, and cassoulet. The meal was incredible and the service was on point--the chef came out and spoke with us a couple of times which was an added delight!
Based on the consensus of yelp reviews, I don't know good French food if it were to hit me in the face, or palate. I've been wanting to come here for a while bc of the great ratings and finally got a chance to. I jumped on the dine about town offer and almost ordered off the regular menu because the price difference really wasn't that much more but stuck to the original plan since the dine about town options I have already chosen sounded exciting. For the service itself I would give a full five stars. They were very attentive, efficient and friendly. The restaurant was a lot smaller than I had anticipated, the tables are very close to one another but not too uncomfortably so. To start off we had the escargot and onion soup. I have had onion soup at regular sandwich delis and also at another very fancy French restaurant that I thought tasted the same. As for the escargot it wasn't what I had expected. I've only had escargot once before but it was stuffed in a mushroom. Both times there wasn't a real taste of the actual snail I can taste, it was the sauce that overpowered. It was chewier, maybe because before the mushroom distracted from the texture. I had the duck breast that was cooked perfectly. It was pretty good but not the best I've had. The other entree we had was the bacon wrapped tenderloin. I was surprised that it didn't have a heavier bacon flavor like typical bacon infused dishes. I appreciated that. Though overall I thought it was just okay. To end we had all three vanilla bean creme brle, profiteroles, and nuage de noix. The cold orange sauce of the nuage was yummy, very crisp and refreshing but the pastry was too nutty for my taste. If you love almonds and other nuts you would probably love it, just not up my alley is all. The creme brle was really good. Probably one of the top two best creme brle I've had. I really liked that it wasn't too sweet or heavy. The cream puffs was sooo good. I'm not one to reach for a cream puff let alone order/buy one but I had to try it because we had it and it was so good.
There are few times in life where I feel compelled to post a poor review as I am a small business owner myself. I really try to give any business the benefit of the doubt. While the meal was palatable,the service was offensively slow and without excuse. Our party had an 8 pm reservation. We were not seated until 8:30 pm without so much as an apology. No service attendance was given until 9 pm and at that point it required one of our party physically getting up and asking the waiter to serve us. It was not until 11:20 pm when our cold desserts were finally served. No amount of culinary perfection could ever overcome the poor timing, execution, and inattentive staff. I have travelled the world over and only a few times received this poor an experience. Please avoid this restaurant at all costs unless you have infinite patience.
This restaurant is almost good. First let me say that it took us 15 minutes of sitting in our table before anyone acknowledged us. Once the waiter finally greeted us, the service was very good so yay for that.My husband had the French onion soup and the mussels. I had the fried Camembert and grape salad and the coq au vin. Three out of four had the same sweet taste. I understand the use of sherry in French food but wow everything but the mussels had the same taste. I really love savory food so maybe I selected incorrectly. The chicken was cooked very moist but it was cloyingly sweet. I did like the salad a lot. My husband thought the French onion soup was sweet and his mussels were, as he put it, not the best he's ever had but not the worst.Another issue is this restaurant is hot. Oh my we were sweating bullets. And it was not a warm night in the city.We felt it was a good value though. Two glasses of wine and our food was $100. And they do not skimp on he portions. BEWARE. the parking is awful! As in nowhere to park.
I'm writing review for 9.27th. It was my bday I love this place so I went there with my bf. Even thought we made reservation at 8.30 we head out very late and got th there around 9.15 but they were ok with it and owner was super friendly and led us to our table. We got menu2 and chef special which was amazingly tasty. We would definitely come back again even though this place is almost 1 hour drive from our home. So comfy friendly and yummy place ^^
Delicious and expensive French courses. The lamb and duck are tasty. Also the dessert, love Napoleon
Perhaps an epitome of classic French dining, Executive Chef Phillipe Gardelle puts in great care in preparing each of his signature dish. He made time to give us a back story of how he derived his Cassoulet, a wonderful home-style comfort dish he loved growing up in France.I find his Cassoulet quite hearty and inviting with its softer textural varieties from the Canellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder, Duck Leg Confit, and regional Sausages from Southern France. It's a heavy dish with a tad too much salt, but can be balanced out with good wine...I selected a modest 2006 Suprieur Senailhac I found rather luxurious being a bargain French Bordeaux, smooth mouthfeel and a nice fragrant blend with oak and dark fruit tasting notes.Escargots: a half dozen prepared in the classic Bourguignonne style. Some exertions needed upon mastication, good balance of salty and earthy.Fourme D'Armbert Tart - Frisee Salad, Anjou Pear, Balsamic Reduction: a mountainous pile of Frisee gives a fresh crispness that compliments a heavier pan-fried savory tart batter, offset by the sweetness of the fruit. This was a very simple dish that demonstrated effective contrast.Trou Normand - Green Apple Sorbet, Calvados: I don't recall ever being served a dessert amuse bouche in between warm savory courses in any French dining, but I find the freezing tartness of the sorbet an effective disruption, giving tonight's dinner a multidimensional experience.Wild Skate Wing in Brown Butter - Fingering Potato, Sauce Grenobloise, Mache: A popular Southeastern French dish is this tricky fish which could taste rather off if improperly prepared. Gardelle seems to have mastered his cooking as the dish tasted wonderful. Excellent pairing with creamed Mache.Filet Mignon & Bone Marrow - Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Sauce a la Perigourdine: I'm a sucker for anything marrow; its fattiness is beautifully rendered and plays nicely with a medallion of the steak. Umami nuances tastefully furnished by both varieties of the fungi.Profiteroles: sweet creamy filling in a puffy choux, topped with chocolate syrup and dusted in powdered sugar. I love how Gardelle sticks with the classics.Tahitienne Vanilla Creme Brulee: a creamy and subly floral-fruity tasting notes from Tahitian Vanilla Beans give this brulee a nuance edge, topped with a perfectly caramelized crisp.Gardelle cordially shook my hand as we departed, sealing a memory to last. This is probably my best French dining experience for under $200 for two. A must try for a bargain prix fixe that should have deserved at least a Michelin.
The food was pretty good; however, the service was lacking. At this price point, I expected more. Much more. Long pauses between courses. We kept asking for my parents hot water to be refilled but the bus person kept forgetting. When he did finally remember (after telling him explicitly that we've been waiting for a while), he was unapologetic. It almost felt as we were a bother. Waited an eternity for more bread. I don't think I'll return.
We went to Chapeau! to celebrate an occasion and were really looking forward to it. It turned out to be better than all our expectations. We ordered the pre-fixe vegetarian menu with the cheese tart, salad, Neapolitan and all 4 of us ordered different desserts. We also got a complimentary dessert from the chef, which was amazing! The wine list is pretty comprehensive. What I liked about this restaurant was also that it was very casual. No presumptive formal dresses and hushed talks. They want to you to be comfortable dinner and enjoy the company of your friends/family.
Chapeau deserves every one of its thousands of five star ratings. Best quality food you can get for $50, totally on par with La Folie (which has a $100 tasting menu of very similar food, but I suppose you're just paying for the delight of many little courses, at that point). Friendly, casual upscale. Accessible understandable food brought to perfection. Kickass skate fish with capers - super salty and hearty. Gigantic salmon appetiser. And insane french toast - magic.
This is our 4th dinner at Chapeau! Phillipe treats everyone like a regular and like family - he is part of the experience. The service is solid (the kitchen was a tad slow in between courses), and every dish was prepared perfectly. We ate everything from soup to nuts. The cassoulet was fabulous. I look forward to coming back to Chapeau next time I'm in San Francisco.
I want to like Chapeau more than I do! :)Chapeau is a nice place over on Clement. The space is nice, if a teeny bit cramped. The people are all nice, if over extended. The food is nice, if a bit pricy for what you receive! The quality is there, but something always seems missing. It's as if there is someone in the kitchen saying "good enough" instead of "perfect!"I'll give you an example of what I mean. My brother had the sweetbreads as an appetizer. Some of his sweetbreads were great, but a few (just enough!) were overcooked! Not enough to ruin the dish, just enough to make the dish just ok. I'll give you an example of what I mean outside the kitchen. The staff, who are very sincere about doing their job, would come around and try to take our dishes. "Are you done with that?" "Are you finished with that?" "Can I take those?" The only problem was we weren't finished and my brother and I are quick, no grass grows under our feet, eaters! It was just hot! And super hot traditional onion soup can, with that cheesy top, have the consistency of napalm! :) At another place I might feel rushed, but these guys were super sincere about being helpful and just trying to do their thing. Only, one guy wasn't telling another guy and it soon became a little intrusive. But again, they really seemed like they were trying to be of service and not just move us along. There is nothing bad about Chapeau, but there's nothing great about Chapeau either. Everything ranges from alright to good. They seem to give it a try and always miss by just enough. Chapeau always feels like it could be great, but instead settles for being good enough, at a big price!
Chapeau came highly recommended by friends, so I was looking forward to dinner here. Unfortunately, the food didn't quite live up to my expectations. Upon arrival, we were greeted by Chef Philippe himself, shaking our hands warmly and welcoming us. Although we were seated quickly, we waited over ten minutes for our menus. The ambiance is simple and romantic, so definitely a date spot.Amuse-BoucheThe asparagus soup was a lovely starter and served at the perfect temperate -- hot but not hot enough to scald our tongues. That's how all food should be served!Bread ServiceVery generous baskets of white bread with delicious butter. 3-course Early Bird Menu ($37 pp)Creamy Corn SoupTrio of SalmonBacon-Wrapped Pork TenderloinCanard au Miel & aux pices (suppl. $3)Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme BrleFrench ToastEverything tasted fairly mediocre. My two favorite dishes were the corn soup and bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin. The pork was tenderly delicious and the apple-calvados sauce it was served with was superb. I would go back for this alone! My main dish was the canard (duck breast); the flavors were Asian-inspired, the duck served in a honey and spiced duck jus, which I didn't like at all. For dessert, the crme brulee was way too sweet, so the powdered sugar was unnecessary. The french toast was slightly better, but the mushy texture of the toast with the salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut creme Anglaise wasn't very appealing.ServiceOur server was friendly, but the pacing between dishes was morbidly slow. We waited over 20-minutes for our mains and over 10-minutes for dessert. Our entire meal took three hours, which is pretty ridiculous for three courses. I've done 12-courses in the same amount of time! Otherwise, service was lovely. On our way out, we were warmly given kisses on both cheeks and wished a wonderful evening. So French.I can't say I'm dying to come back, but the Early Bird menu really is a great deal to take advantage of (Sun-Thu, 5-6 pm) and you must try the pork tenderloin.Michelin: Bib Gourmand (2014)
Tried the sf restaurant week menu: starter: trio of salmon ( super good, must try!)Entree: pork tenderloin (mixed salty and sweet flavor, very special taste, but just deserve four stars)Dessert: napoleon. (It's not a normal French napoleon, with some fruit and maybe yogurt inside instead of cream. )
If I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would be their veal sweetbreads.My friend and I came on a Thursday night around 7 and the place was packed. We ordered their 3 course meal (appetizer, entree, and dessert) for $44.50 each. What we ordered:Appetizers: Veal Sweetbreads and Duck SaladOh my god the sweetbreads were the most amazing thing. I came in thinking that they were going to be gross but after one bite it blew my mind. I can't even describe the explosion of flavors from biting into one. The sauce they cook it in is also incredibly delicious. The duck salad was pretty great but not anything too amazing. Entrees: Skate Wing in brown butter and Cassoulet De Toulouse.I had the skate wing and it was fall off the bone soft. I originally had thought I was ordering some form of chicken (yeah idk I'm culinary challenged) but was pleasantly surprised to find out this was fish. I personally don't prefer fish but this skate wing was so soft, juicy, and flaky that it changed my mind. I will always be open to trying fish now. As for the Cassoulet De Toulouse, I personally thought it was kind of a glorified French chili but my friend enjoyed it tremendously and I will admit the sausage was delicious.Desserts: Creme Brle and Baked AlaskaWow. I've had plenty of different creme brles but Chapeau's might be in the top two. Just try it. You won't regret it. The Baked Alaska on the other hand was kind of a let down, but that was still alright. Next time we'll try the French toast since we heard it's pretty amazing here.Overall, I will definitely be coming back to try other things on their menu.
Going to a restaurant like Chapeau raises expectations. If a restaurant hits all the marks, it gets only gets four stars. In order to get that final star, there must be a dish, a bite--something--that makes time pause for a moment as little fireworks explode from my taste buds. Chapeau indeed had that moment (more on that later) but a few flaws keep it from a perfect score.My girlfriend took me here for my birthday. Being my birthday, I went with the works: Menu 2 with the palate cleanser and the upgrade for the filet mignon and bone marrow.The appetizers were a good start. I got the veal sweetbreads while she got the trio of salmon. The trio of salmon was a very well constructed dish, something that wouldn't be out of place at a place like Commis. It was light, fresh, vibrant, with lot of good flavor. The sweetbreads were on the other spectrum, but just as good. It's a much heartier dish, borderline an entree, and I was afraid I'd be too full for the rest of the meal afterward.The tasting fish was amazing. It was a generously sized scallop on a small bed of risotto. The scallop was perfectly cooked and risotto was seasoned well with amazing flavor. If they tripled this plate and called it an entree, I would be very happy. She didn't get a tasting fish, but Chapeau was gracious enough to give her a set of cutlery and a small plate to join in the fun.The main entree is where I felt Chapeau missed the mark. My filet was well cooked, but overly salty, as were the potatoes. You would think they'd taste a dish before sending it out. I much preferred her duck breast but the duck leg confit was touch dry. I know what you're thinking. Duck?? Leg?? Confit?? Dry? But it was.For desserts, I went with the baked Alaska while she got the French toast based on a recommendation from a friend. The baked Alaska was unremarkable as a dessert, having any complexity in flavor totally masked by the overwhelming chocolate sauce, which resembled Hershey's syrup more than anything else. The French toast, however, was mind-blowingly delicious. It's so good I still think about it today and wonder if I could call in for take out for just this dish. Overall, I got the mind-blowing moment I was looking for, but a few flaws keep Chapeau from the perfect score.
So we have never been here. This review is concerning extremely poor customer service. Shockingly poor.I made reservations about 1.5 months in advance go celebrate our anniversary. I received a call almost a month later saying that the reservation had to be canceled because the restaurant had to be closed for a couple days. This notice was provided in a no-nonsense "we are canceling your reservation" type of way.Okay, fine. I ask if we can be fit in later that week. Nope, they're all filled up for weeks (not surprising; this is why I made reservations 1.5 months in advance). Didn't even bother to say when the next available date would be. I was told to try to find another day to reserve online. Thanks but no thanks.Look, I understand you're high-brow and fancy and probably have no trouble filling your tables any day of the week. Still, treat your customers with some respect when you cancel reservations they made 6 weeks in advance on them. There wasn't even a single apology for their unexpected closure.
So we came here because the boyfriend looked at last minute dinner reservation. He got super lucky that this place took us in or else I would have killed. We arrived to a small restaurant in a quiet neighborhood. I honestly didn't expect such a fancy restaurant to be located here. We were seated in the bar area where it was noisy and super cramped. It honestly took forever to get service since there was only the bartender that was serving us. I was already in a very sour mood so I wasn't happy, but once my boyfriend explained how badly he messed up to the bartender, after that he was a wonderful waiter to us. He suggested us to do a chef's special pre-fix that wasn't even on the menu. Why not? I deserved a VERY fancy dinner.Bottle of a 2006 Bordeaux Superieur Senailhac: I really needed this bottle of wine. It went absolutely perfect with our filet mignon and it was rich enough in flavor to compliment the meat.Duck Confit Salad w/ a slice of foie gras: I'm a straight up sucker for anything duck and I got a slice of foie gras since the bartender heard that I loved it.Escargot: Super buttery and chewy. Delicious.Filet Mignon with bone marrow with a side of potatoes au gratin: The presentation was excellent when served upon us. Baked Alaska: I've been searching for a restaurant that made the best Baked Alaska and they've seriously nailed it here."Floating" Island: I'm simply amazed at how they made this dessert. The sugar dome was beautiful and delicious. The "custard" portion was creamy and rich. The sauce was heavenly.The chef was absolutely delightful. He would come around and talk to the guest and if he sees them leaving, he would personally escort you out with a friendly kiss. I loved how they took care of us by calling a cab for us, making sure we got to the cab and personally gave us a farewell. It was a very nice ending to a screwed up beginning.
Absolutely WOW! The dishes here will not disappoint. What a gem in the Richmond. My boyfriend and I made a reservation after reading all of the reviews. Overall the food here is not Michelin star worthy HOWEVER you'll find great service, wonderful patrons and food that will have you sopping up every drop goodness from your plate. I had the escargot, bacon wrapped tenderloin, and finished with the french toast. Don't be intimidated by the prefix. If you're not looking to go baller style Menu 1 is a good choice. Order away....you can't mess this up. Enjoy!
Had a table for 4 reserved for a friend's bday and i'm so glad I went. Having four people was perfect b/c we got to eat a little bit of everything! The restaurant itself is a very small, plain restaurant, but has somewhat of a homey feel to it. It's atmosphere is nice enough inside that wearing a coat is not out of place, and yet also casual enough to go relax for a casual after work meal. Service isn't too formal, but all waiters are dressed in uniforms. Surprisingly, most of them actually speak French!Onto the food! They offer 3 course tasting menus where you can choose amongst the full menu list of appetizers, entrees, and a dessert. This is where having 4 people in our party was perfect. For the appetizer we ordered the Foie Gras Torchon with Brioche, Mussels and Fries, Veal Sweetbreads, and Salade Landaise. Note that some appetizers, like the Mussels, can be ordered as an entree or an appetizer, but I would order it as an appetizer so you can try other entrees. Also, the portion size for the Mussel appetizer was plenty big and could easily have been for more than TWO people. The mussels were bite sized and bathed in a delicious wine sauce (and a huge portion!). The Torchon was delicious, as foie always is. For entrees, we got the Pork Tenderloin, Filet Mignon, Duck Breast, and the Skate wing. Oh my, let me try to go through each dish as I just want to describe my favorite one...Pork Tenderloin: Pretty simple, classic flavors. Nothing great and nothing bad.Filet Mignon: Fantastic, hearty meat with a deep rich sauce that was wonderfully soaked into the potatoes. The trumpet mushrooms add even more power to it.Duck Breast: This was my friends' favorite. The duck breast was perfectly cooked, juicy and tender, with an excellent lightness to it. Would definitely order again.Skate Wing: SO GOOD. Fyi, a Skate is a type of ray so you're eating the meaty wing of it. The meat was soft like seafood would be but still had some texture to it. But mainly, the combined flavors of the skate, potatoes, capers, and sauce balanced so perfectly for such a unique and absolutely delicious entree. I definitely had trouble sharing this plate with everyone.. :)For desserts, we got the French Toast, Creme Brulee, Chocolate Cake, and Sorbet Trio. All were perfectly done and tasted great, but the French Toast was exceptionally good. Salted Caramel ice cream oozing over warm French Toast is a definite winner.Priced at $45 for the 3 course menu, I would gladly go again for the relaxed atmosphere, amazing flavors, and good portions.Almost forgot, the bread they serve is hot and crispy I must've eaten an entire loaf myself... so good!
Have been here several times since my first visit and it's been amazing each time. Our latest visit was last night for our City Hall wedding dinner. With a party of 16 including 3 kids and a vegetarian, the folks at Chapeau! were able to perfectly accommodate us. The kids were given paper and pens to play with and fish and chips to eat. Our vegetarian friend gushed over the delicious veggie plates. Everyone loved their food for all 4 of the courses! They even brought out complimentary lobster sauce to dip our bread in after we said it was delicious! We will definitely be back and hope Chapeau! will be here to stay for a long time!
The reasons for which Chapeau! is beloved are not superfluous. When you walk in, you are warmly greeted by the hostess and the cozy decor. The chef almost always makes an appearance and welcomes you. In our case, he helped us choose a wonderful bottle of wine while we waited for our table.The pre-fixe is a great deal. You choose an appetizer, entree, and dessert. You really can't go wrong with what you choose. Everything is prepared with thoughtfulness and skill. Just make sure you have room for everything, because the portions are no joke.For appetizer, I opted for veal sweetbreads. A heavy choice to start with, but I couldn't resist the mushroom sauce. Surprisingly, it did not fill me up. The flavors were wonderful.For entree, I decided to go on the lighter side - with the skate in browned butter - instead of a heavier meat. It was a great choice. The fish was flaky and the sauce was not heavy at all.Dessert was a challenge - everything looked delicious but how much can I actually eat? I got a hazelnut torte thing in a sweet and tangy orange sauce. It was delicious and I was sad I didn't have room to finish it.Chapeau! is a wonderful restaurant. Take someone special for dinner and earn major brownie points. I would even take my picky parents to Chapeau! if they visit.
I had casually perused the Yelp reviews for this place before making reservations, and no one mentioned the TERRIBLE parking situation! My reservation was for 8:30pm last friday, and okay, we should've left the house earlier, but we arrived exactly at 8:30 and could not find ANY parking for 40 minutes. It was tough competition with other drivers/restaurant goers. The lovely people at Chapeau! had called and they were very understanding of our problem. We arrived 45 minutes late, but they had kept a table open for us! The meal was delicious. We weren't terribly hungry so we ordered a la carte instead of the 3-or 4-course menu. We shared the escargots, and those were tender and buttery. For entrees, I had the bouillabaisse, and it featured a massive scallop. It was DIVINE. It was stacked on top of 2 fish filets, and those were good, and a smattering of clams and mussels. The soup was quite heavy and towards the end, I could barely finish the last bit. It also came with a cheesy baguette slice which I thought was odd, but soaked in the soup, it was delicious. The bf had the brown butter skate wing, and that was a large, tasty portion as well. For dessert, we shared the chocolate cake with rum raisin sorbet. I didn't know it was a lava cake, and so imagine my delight when I stuck my spoon in it. In the reservation, I had mentioned it was our anniversary, and they brought out our dessert with two candles, one for each of us to blow out! So sweet. We had also asked for the recommended wine pairing for our entrees and they sure delivered. I loved the sancerre.I wish the tables weren't so close together. That was the only complaint. It kind of took away from the romantic ambience, especially when there was another couple next to us also trying to have a special dinner together.
Last night in honor of my birthday my children took me to Chapeau! I absolutely loved it! From the moment we stepped inside I felt like I was once again in Paris! This time last year we celebrated my birthday in Paris and this was the next best thing. The service was impeccable and the food outrageously wonderful. The chef Philipe is gracious and incredibly talented! I was born and raised in San Francisco and Chapeau! is by far my newest favorite place to dine!
I have eaten at Chapeau well over 1/2 dozen times. Phillipe, the chef is always so welcoming and he has such a fine touch for amazing French food. Finally had a chance to have Fois gras again now that it is allowed back in CA. Fois was seared to perfection and just melted in my mouth. The scallop over pesto risotto was so sweet and tasty. My husband had a salad with Dijon dressing and fried Camembert cheese (really good). I had the skate for the main entree and that fish is light and just disappears in your mouth. The lamb/ duck cassoulet has a deep, rich flavor and is one of those dishes that we eat every time we come here. All their desserts are fabulous from the basil Napoleon to the French toast to the chocolate cake. Stomach is beyond being fully satisfied. Thanks again Chapeau!
Words can't even describe how amazing this restaurant is! The Wine paring. The foie gras. The scallops. The service. I can't speak. I'm just in heaven with my love.
I really like the casual vibe here, and the owners are so sweet. I had been here before and loved it, so coming here for date night yesterday was exciting. We ordered the corn soup and veal sweetbreads as appetizers (corn soup from the early bird menu and sweetbreads are on the regular menu but cost extra). The slightly smoked salmon and filet mignon were entrees, and then we ordered the Basil Napoleon and chocolate cake for dessert. The salmon was prepared nicely, and came with braised asparagus and tomato. It had a sauce that tasted like sunny d and was way too sweet. I had to pull the salmon and the vegetables out of the sauce onto my side plate, and it was much more enjoyable that way. So I wouldn't recommend the salmon...The filet mignon and veal sweetbreads were excellent, and corn soup is delicious but also little too sweet in my opinion. Both desserts were great, the basil napoleon had tiny cubes of kiwi, strawberries and pineapple, and had custard in between layers of thin wafers, while the chocolate cake had a molten ganache center, and came with rum raisin icecream and a smear of caramel.I'd say my entree was not as good as what I ordered before, and I would order the filet mignon next time if I went back. All in all, the service is great and atmosphere is nice for a fancy date night or bday dinner.
The chef would walk around the restaurant and greet the guests. He was very nice and he had a cool French accent. This is unique and a nice touch. He's going the extra mile.  There are four options that you can do. Menu 1, menu 2, the chef menu, or just by ur entree by itself. I had the chef menu which consists of 5 courses and you get to choose your dessert.   Every thing was delicious and well spaced. It was about 20 minutes between each course which made it perfect for quality time/social event. Most places just want you outta there so they can give your seats to someone else. This place treats you like they want you to stay and enjoy yourself. We were here for 3 hours. The atmosphere was very cozy and the restaurant is small(my preference).
The first time my wife and I went to Chapeau! was within the first week they opened 18 years ago further down the block. We had a bad experience that night because they were understaffed, unprepared for the kind of attention they were getting. And we didn't go back. We started hearing that they were very good, so we decided we must go again. But stuff got in the way.I was playing OpenTable roulette and managed to get my wife an I a table for the next day, so we went and I'm very glad we did. It was nice to have foie gras again though I'm sure I will go to hell for it. The duck was excellent and the Nuage Noix divine.And our waiter, Didier, was very deserving of the generous tip I left him. We got to talk to Phillipe and apologize for waiting so long to come back.
After reading all the reviews and looking at all the pictures, I knew I had to try this place. We came here last night for my boyfriend's birthday. We had reservations at 8pm, but we came a little early and were able to be sat immediately which was great.I'll talk about the service first. After reading a good amount of reviews beforehand, we were delighted to know that the service here is awesome! However, I honestly didn't think the service we received was anything too great. Yes, right when we entered, we were greeted by the welcoming hostess and the chef which was awesome! But the rest of our time there consisted of: our server quickly taking down our order, people just dropping off our food without any clear details of what each course was, no water refills for about 20 minutes of my boyfriend's cup being completely empty, absolutely no check ups or asking us if we enjoyed the food/needed anything else, and a long time to receive our bill. Don't get me wrong, the staff was extremely friendly, but the service wasn't as great as we had read. The food, on the other hand, was delicious! We both decided to go with the Menu 2: your choice of appetizer, tasting fish, choice of entre, and choice of dessert. They first started us off with complimentary bread of course, which was good! (Partially because we were starving at that point already). It came with (onion?) soup which I really loved. ** Appetizers! I got the foie gras and my boyfriend the trio of salmon. The foie gras was amazing!! Came with toasted brioche, slices of fresh apples, with a delicious Gewrztraminer gelatin on the plate. It was actually my first time having foie gras, so I can't really compare it to anything. But it surely hit the spot. My boyfriend's salmon appetizer was good as well; I loved how citrus-y it was. ** Tasting fish! It was a seared scallop with a pesto risotto and lobster sauce. Oh gosh... this was too amazing. I'm somewhat of a pesto freak, so I absolutely loved this course! Everything on this plate was so balanced and mouth-watering.** Entres! We both got the filet mignon, with extra $5 bone marrow, and extra $8 Sauce  la Prigourdine. So amazing! Cooked to perfection, and was super juicy. Bone marrow was a little bit on the salty side, but still delicious. I forgot to also mention that the boyfriend and I both had a glass of wine, but sadly I can't remember the name. Our server chose for us because he said it pairs well with filet mignon and he was so right.** Desserts! I got the Baked Alaska and my boyfriend the French Toast. I fell in love with the baked alaska.. Rum spongecake, rich chocolate sauce, toasted almond slices, coffee ice cream, and meringue.. My mouth is watering just reminiscing about it. My boyfriend's french toast was great as well. I did write down it was my boyfriend's birthday on opentable, but I guess they forgot.. So I had to remind our server and he rushed back to get a candle. Boo :/ Overall, we had a good experience. Decent service, delicious food. We would definitely recommend to anyone looking to have a date-night.
I haven't found one restaurant that compares to this restaurant on Clement. No others are quite like the fancy French food, romantic atmosphere, attentiveness of the wait staff, and to also mention the chef who comes to our table to greet us. Yes, the food can be expensive, but you are also paying for atmosphere and the delightful waitstaff.
Dining at Chapeau! was very similar to my experiences in Paris and Avignon. From the warm service to the close seating quarters, I could have closed my eyes and imagine being in France again!Pascal, our server, was top-notch! So attentive, happy, patient and friendly. He even walked us out of the restaurant at the end of our meal, opened the door for us and gave us big kisses on the cheek. So adorable.The food was trs bien! The sliced baguettes arrived warm and toasty with a rather large pot of rich creamy butter to spread to your heart's desire. We started with an Amuse Asparagus Soup with a light drizzle of olive oil, which was simple, flavorful and savory. The Trio of Salmon was texturally on point and extremely delicious to boot. The Tomato Soup with a Fried Prawn was fantastic as well. I've tried to make tomato soups to go along with my grilled cheese sammies, but they've always underwhelmed me. Chapeau!'s made me a believer in the generic tomato soup. The Filet Mignon with Bone Marrow (2!) and potatoes was my favorite out of our 3 entrees. The combination of lean filet with buttery marrow is genius. My Mussels were fantastic as well and the fries came with 2 savory sauces - a rouille and an herby aioli. No complaints about the Seared Duck Breast either - unique seasoning and spicy jus. Yum!The desserts...oh man. The French Toast is literally a slice of french toast. I thought it was just a playful name for the Salted Caramel and Chestnut Puree that it came with. Rich, cold + hot, and truly decadent. The fruity Basil Napoleon was refreshing and a great choice if you're too stuffed. The Baked Alaska was my favorite - rum spongecake...rich chocolate sauce...toasted almond slices...coffee ice cream...and meringue...I just have no words.I dock 1 star because the hostess, who I think is the owner's wife, seemed extremely impatient with the table next to us and her face showed it! Rolling your eyes is not professional in my book. The restaurant also had a slightly dank smell, similar to just mopped floors, when we arrived at 5pm. Perhaps the restaurant just needed to be aired out.
When the ex boyfriend lived in this area and I was frequently here, I would always pass by and we never went in because we wanted to go to a casual place or be much fancier. However, it looked like there was a great deal for Restaurant Week, so a couple of girlfriends and I made reservations. Few weeks later and down to just 2 girls for dinner, my girlfriend and I came in and sat at the bar. They were very accommodating to us when we wanted to change times and the amount of people. We ended up each getting a glass of white wine. Since we didn't know what to get, our lovely bartender let us try a bit of two different wines. My friend and I ended up getting a glass of each since we enjoyed different glasses. Since we were going to a share the 4 course menu (which you can do for free if you don't have them split the dish), so we ended up getting all fish dishes. We ordered: -Trio of Salmon (Gravlax, Tartare & Caviar, Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache, Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing): All the items put together were delicious. The plate was beautiful and we didn't want to eat it, but we did. The eggs and capers definitely added some depth flavorwise, but my favorite way of salmon was probably either the gravlax (which was like cured salmon) or the tartare. Yum!-Tasting Fish (Seared Dayboat Scallops with Pesto Risotto and Lobster Sauce): This was a really small dish - especially because it was split between the two of us. The scallop was not that large - somewhat expected something bigger and more risotto. Regardless, it was delicious, though small. -Striped Bass (Sauted Striped Bass & Braised Oxtail, Roasted Garlic Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Pearl Onion, Jus de Poulet): YUM. This was definitely really good. It is their take on a surf and turf. The striped bass was perfected cooked and the braised oxtail with the mashed potatoes created this beautiful mixture of food. -Baked Alaska (Sponged Rum Cake, Espresso Ice Cream, Italian Meringue, Chocolate Sauce, Candied Toasted Almonds): Since my girlfriend had never had baked alaska before, we decided to try it. Honestly, I love me some cake and ice cream topped with meringue so I had no complaints .However, it was overly sweet in some ways. I agree that a dessert should be sweet, but it shouldn't have my sweet tooth ache! However, it was a delicious ending to our meal. Overall, I had a great time and definitely some delicious food. The portion sizes varied, but were good enough for the two of us to feel full afterwards. Service was great from our lovely bartender, so we had a good time. Protip: share a Prix Fix menu with a friend to try the food without paying for the entire meal. Sit at the bar for a great experience with the servers and make a reservation!
Chapeau! has a wonderful ambiance and great staff! We all started by taking advantage of their Early Bird Menu between 5pm-6pm, I highly recommend it!! We all selected Menu 1 option which was a 3 course appetizer, entree, and dessert. The appetizer we started with was the sweet corn soup with Dungeness crab it was delicious and not too filling. We moved on to the entree: 2 of us had the filet mignon and 1 had the Ratatouille all were awesome! The Ratatouille my wife I had I sneaked a taste and it was incredibly yummy!  Then came the desserts and I saw the Baked Alaska on the menu and I know I had always wanted to try it do I ordered it. The Baked Alaska was the crowning achievement to an awesome meal! Thank you Chapeau!
Very solid french food. The duck breast was seasoned very well. I like they kept a little bit skin on for flavor. My boyfriend had the pork. The sauce was delicious. Very well balanced entrees. I did not love the dungeness crab salad even though it was a beautiful plate. The crab was fresh, but the flavor was lacking.Overall it was a good experience!
Had another great family celebration here.Mixed menu types- one  la carte, one early bird, two four courses.All dishes were well prepared, thoughtfully presented and expertly served.Loved the constant supply of warm fresh white bread.Philippe shares his time masterfully between the dining room and the kitchen.
Food here was amazing and the owner/host was very engaging and personable. Gave it an extra special touch the way he chatted up our table and made it feel so comfortable. Will definitely go back.
Very dim, a place for a romantic dateWhat did we have?Escargot - of course! - this place makes it REALLY good. I can really taste all the buttery goodness with the herbs...yum yum yum...savory but not too salty and has a good chew. We also order the 2 lb ribeye for the 2 of each. COULD NOT FINISH. There was so much meat (yes insert dirty joke)The ribeye - divine! So well seasoned and perfectly done! I usually like sauce to pair with my steak or meat or so, but it was made that i enjoyed all the flavoring that the meat itself had. It was quite fatty but thats where the juice came from. They also left you the bone marrow to enjoy but its not my thingQuite expensive in my taste but it was so good!
Love, love this restaurant, I feel like I am in Paris. I especially love that I can walk there, another amazing Clement Street restaurant. I tend to order duck most of the time, but everything is so good. The cassoulet is the best I have ever had, their muscles and frites are also so yummy. The salads are so perfectly dressed, a great way to start your meal. I love the salmon trio, fried capers and the egg make it. The whole menu is so good!! Love the ambience as well. You do need reservations, it gets busy. Also, the wine list is good.
Upon arrival, we were greeted by the chef as if he was a long-time family friend. That's probably the first time I ever hugged a chef and I had just met him too. My immediate first impression was good coming in, although there were a few things that left me with a not so great lasting impression.First I was thankful that the server warned me that the Cassoulet de Toulouse which is highlighted in yelp is actually a very dense, heavy casserole. Glad I didn't order that. Nevertheless, the food I ended up tasting was average/below average at best - although beautifully presented, the main entrees lacked flavor in my opinion. The bacon wrapped pork I had was dry and very flavorless, I didn't want to continue it after 1/4 way through. I tried my boyfriend's mussels and also felt like they were more on the bland side. On another note, the appetizer I had wasn't bad, the Trio of Salmon was pretty good with an interesting combination of ingredients (although a diabetic man sitting right next to us kept complaining relentlessly about it). For dessert the creme brulee was good although I don't think I've ever had bad creme brulee. The Basil Napoleon was not what I expected at all - I assumed it would be a puff pastry with cream and the fruits listed but it turned out to be ultra thin crispy sheets between acidic fruit and custard. It sparked a reaction (I've had these fruits before), that made the roof of my mouth and tongue itchy and unpleasant - again I didn't want to finish my dessert *GASP* On the bright side, the complimentary bread we had in the beginning was delicious, crispy and warm.I really didn't like the atmosphere of the place since the tables are so close together that I was either lucky enough to hear the whiny people next to us complaining about the food OR on the other side, have an older lady's butt continuously graze the side of my table, worrying each time that she would nudge some plates over. I most likely won't be returning since there wasn't anything on the menu that really interested me in the first place, and the things I did try were disappointing.
The price was fine. Service portion was decent. Service is slow but really good.But, and that's a big BUT, the taste is mediocre. The most frequently mentioned stake is not prime quality, the bone marrow was oily and gamey. I have had better stakes in many causal steak houses.
Trio of salmon is worth trying, great selection of wine, service is good! We were celebrating our wedding anniversary there, made a reservation, arrived on time, but had to wait to be seated... Food was good though, so I would definitely recommend it if you are into French food.
One star for service for pressuring us to order prefix and more expensive forgras. And another star for having good escargot. The dejon salad was toooooo sweet. I ordered mussles. The mussle broth was again toooooo sweet. And cassoulet didn't have a shred of shredded lamb shoulder. Overall they prepared the food well and presentation was good, but it didn't taste good. I would suggest cafe Claude for good French food.
Loved this place! Not only is the food fantastic, but you feel as if you're a part of the chef's private dining party. He makes his rounds going from table to table to make sure you've loving everything. When we went the fish of the day was seared scallops with pesto risotto. It was so good they should consider keeping it on the menu permanently (or at least I hope they do)! Great atmosphere and a no-rush dining experience with the BEST French food.
Chef Philippe Gardelle... Foi Gra $22.00 excellent!Corn soup good, pear salad good, escargot over cooked and dry, took it back, and it came back perfect.oysters in half shell goodfilet mignon very goodbacon wrapped pork tenderloin very good.I'd go back there. Good neighborhood restaurant.
We had gone to his former location of Chapeau but this is only our first time at their current location of the former Clementine. Cost: The Su-Th early bird 3 course prix fixe have increased in price to shy of $34 per person which is still a good deal for the quality that you get and you have the option of doing other more expensive prix fixe menus that lets you choose from almost any app, entre, and dessert to ordering a la carte for smaller appetites.Food: All 4 of us did the early bird menu so we had a nice variety. For the first course, 2 escargots, 1 salmon trio, and 1 roasted chestnut soup. I would've liked to have a taste of the soup as I love roasted chestnut, but I barely even got a second to capture a pic of it before it was devoured so it must be good. You can not go wrong with escargots which I love served the traditional way in herbed butter so you can dip your bread into the melted herb butter after you eat your escargots. They were so good that even the kid in a neighboring table was tempted by his mom to try it and ended up eating not 1 but 3 of them. Granted he had no clue what they really were, it was refreshing to see a child being open to trying new foods willingly. Salmon trio was also a nice combo of the salted capers, egg, and salmon but could've used more chips to scoop up the yummy mixture. Entrees consisted of 2 skate wings, 1 mussel, and 1 pork tenderloin. The skate wing was very tender and melts in your mouth but I do like my fish with more texture which is more of a personal preference than a reflection of the chef. I absolutely loved the mussel dish and would probably get that myself next time. The wine sauce is so flavorful that I ended up probably consuming almost an entire basket of bread myself sopping up every bit of juicy goodness. The person who got the pork tenderloin really enjoyed it but since I usually like my pork cooked more than medium, I personally did not try it. Dessert was 2 crme brulees which were a good sized crme brulee and 2 French toasts. I am so glad that I read Yelpers raving about the French toast as it was so good I ate the whole thing myself without sharing a single bite. The "bread" was soft and moist with the salted caramel ice cream melting a perfect puddle into it and the whole thing surrounded by a hazelnut sauce. So good, so good, so good!! Ambiance: The current location is not as crowded as their old one which I really like not being so close that you can eat off the plate of the person in the next table. Too much temptation especially since everything looks so good. I love how Philippe comes by every table to shake hands making you feel like he is welcoming you into his own home for a decadent dinner party. True to form of European dining, you are not rushed through your courses, nor do they come out on top of each other, giving you a chance to digest your food and enjoy a leisurely dinner with good company and good conversation. So allocate about 2 hours for your 3 course.
We went here a few weekends ago. I liked that they stayed open until 11. We had a late dinner around 10pm. We ordered the three course price fixed option. I started off with the soup, then I had the filet mignon, and finally the french toast for dessert. I think by far the french toast wast the best item on their menu. They create a perfect balance of the toast with a bit of ice cream. I enjoyed the rest of my meal as well. I felt that the filet mignon was good but the sauce could have been better.
What I like about Chapeau! is that it has classic yet bold flavours of traditional French and modern fusion. It's an old favourite for my family so it always hits close to home. Very nice staff and chef. Every dish placed down in front of me was always perfect, hitting the spot. Everything is a positive about this place.
Wow. Just wow. Onion soup, escargot, filet, French toast! Amazing service and ambiance. Highly recommended.
We went here as our last stop for #SFRW. At the door, we were greeted very warmly by the host. We had reservations at 915pm and were promptly seated when we arrived. First thing that I noticed was that our table linen was a bit stained and unironed. That was a bit of a disappointment.I ordered off the #SFRW menu and got: chestnut soup, bacon wrapped tenderloin and Basil Napoleon as my dessert. The soup was fairly good, similar to a lentil. The bacon wrapped tenderloin was definitely on the dryer side unfortunately. The apple-calvados sauce plus the apple made the dish a bit too sweet. I had to use the sauce because of the dryness. The best part of the meal was definitely the bread. The Napoleon had thin crepes that made it fairly good. It wasn't as sweet and definitely something I would try again. We also ordered off the regular menu and had escargot. The escargot was definitely a better starter than the chestnut soup. It is a very small, quaint restaurant that would make a good date setting. At the end of the night, the host shook our hands on our way out and was very cordial. If it were not for #SFRW, I probably would not have made my way out here on my own. I regret not ordering the mussels and fries as my entree. The couple next to use ordered it and it looked a lot better than my pork tenderloin.
Chapeau, always a pleasure -- even my third time here! However, you've really increased your prices in the past five years. What once was $25 for an early bird prix fixe now costs $37 per person (am I dating myself)?! That almost doesn't make me eager to come back again.However, there are some classic French dishes that they've really perfected here. The escargot, salmon trio, french toast, and creme brulee are classics that come out effortlessly delicious every time. The cooks at Chapeau make it look so easy!For $37 though, the items on the early bird prix fixe were nothing to rave about. The Sunday we went, there was was a smoked salmon, chicken, or bacon wrapped tenderloin. No steak for you beef fiends out there. The pork tenderloin was probably the most interesting -- cooked medium rare and perfectly tender and juicy with an apple-calvados sauce. Gives NOPA a run for it's money! The online menu listed a duck confit and wild skate in brown butter, which sounded much more interesting, but alas, they weren't on the menu the day we went. Call me spoiled, but duck and skate are just more unique meats than salmon and chicken. Still, the salmon and chicken were cooked very well and the sauces paired immaculately (the French know their sauces). All in all, still a good experience, but much more of a sticker shock at the end of the meal than before. Guess Chapeau's all grown up now and moving on to bigger and better things...
I first wanted to try Chapeau! when I saw it on the nearby restaurants search maybe like 5-6 months ago, and today, on my birthday, I have finally experienced it's greatness. We had reservations at 5:45 and arrived promptly and were seated accordingly by the hostess. Shortly after receiving our menus and perusing for a couple minutes, the waitress came over and explained everything to us because it was our first time. She was very patient and explicit with everything, mentioning surcharges and specialties and such. After strategizing and debating for another short while, we all decided on what we would have. For myself, I had a 3 course meal with the Trio of Salmon, Caniard, and Baked Alaska. The salmon, along with every other dish came out beautifully presented. The salmon was delicious and prepared beautifully; the outer layer of salmon was especially delicious in my opinion. Next was my caniard, and it was perfectly cooked. A little pink in the middle with the skin crispy. There was polenta with some veg on top which was nice and creamy. I cleaned off the entire plate without hesitation. My baked alaska was honestly nothing too extraordinary, but I have to defintely applaud the almond because the texture was so surprisingly crunchy! My family also had 3 course meals which included: (apps) escargot, foie gras, oysters, (mains) bacon wrapped tenderloin, cassoulet, bouillabaisse, (desserts) creme brulee, hazelnut french toast, and the rum cake (: I don't wanna go too into detail on each because that would be a lot to write, but basically everything was delicious. The cassoulet, however, I do have to point out that it may be a little underwhelming. Huge disproportion of beans compared to meat. Given, our waitress diiiiid warn my brother that there'd be a lot of beans. It wasn't amazing but in any other setting, I would have thought it was a pretty solid casserole. Again, it is a casserole, we made that connection a little late hahaha My mom really enjoyed the bouillabaisse also! She kept saying the entire dinner, "this is how a bouillabaisse should be" and was kept quiet for the most part with it LOLCHAPEAU! exceeded every expectation I had going in (: if and when I can, I would go back in a heartbeat. Incredible service, food, and ambience. The most welcoming owner also. My mother and I got the kisses at the end!
The first time I went there was a few years ago. I had made a reservation for my roommate's birthday and had to wait 30 minutes in the cold to get our table ready, despite the fact that we arrived 5 minutes early for our reservation. The tables were so close together that you got to grace your fellow diners with views of your ass or your crotch, as you squeezed into the gaps between the tables to get to your seat. Nothing says classy like flashing your goodies at perfect strangers while they dine...My boyfriend took me back there recently for my birthday and it was a complete 180 degrees from the last time I ate there. The food was mouth watering and I have not found another restaurant that serves bone marrow quite like they do. I cannot wait to go back there for the prix fixed "Le Menu du Chef". It is worth every penny!
Visited for Restaurant Week in Jan 2015. They had a $40 dinner menu. Nice, cozy, mood-light restaurant (specifically orange lights). Friendly staff, however given the price and rating on Yelp, I wasn't that impressed.I ordered:- Salad (w/ grapes and mustard seed dressing): Very large salad, good amount, average. Nothing special. There was a little too much dressing on the salad for me, making it a little less sophisticated.- Mussels in wine. LOTS of mussels. Way too many for me. I think there were around 30-40 mussels in that dish. Sharing would have been nice but my friends were busy eating their own dishes. Came with fries and great dipping. Just...too...many....mussels....I ended up taking home more than half. I got tired of it after 10!- Creme brulee. Very very very sweet and very very very buttery. My friend couldn't finish his because it reminded him of a block of butter. Other desserts such as the cream puffs looked/tasted better though.
Definitely fantastic! From the overwhelming tomato soup to the striped bass with oxtail and wine pairings, this spot is a gem. Service was extreme as well to top off our enchanting evening. We will go back soon.
Honey and I came here to celebrate my birthday. There's only street parking for the Richmond district. We did reserve a table in advance to avoid the wait. After browsing the menu, we both settled for a 3 course menu Prix Fixed. To couple with this we ordered a glass of wine, forgot what it was. Everything came out great. We both enjoyed the delicious food and dessert.
I been Chapeau so many time, every time i come to Chapeau they never disappoint me. Great service and foods. I believe this is the French i been to most in my life. Their menu is reasonable compared other French restaurants in city. You get to chose, a 3 course, a 4 course.
I was here mainly for the foie gras and bone marrow after an exhausting week, and it did not disappoint! The restaurant was a little hard to find and parking was a total b***h! It took us nearly 90 minutes to find street parking. When we got to the restaurant, we were seated next to an obnoxious loud and arrogant table which kinda ruined my mood. I never wanted to leave a French restaurant so fast. The restaurant is small, dark and crowded with the tables placed close together. The whole staff did their best to make sure everyone was happy. Our waiter was cool, he tried really hard to change the mood for us and he did somewhat. I ordered menu 1, 3 course; I had the pan seared foie gras and it was so awesome! It was perfectly seared and served with sliced red apple on a small brioche. The combination created such an explosion in my mouth! I knew I wanted more and didn't give a rat about a loud drunk sitting next to my table. My main course was the bone marrow filet mignon (I didn't care for the filet mignon, only wanted the bone marrow). The bone marrow was very rich as expected and it was great with their baguette. The filet mignon was also served with a bed of roasted potatoes and sauted mushrooms. Then for my dessert, I had the Alaskan baked. I am not a desert person so I can't say much about it. The presentation was cool. Good French food at an affordable price. I am definitely coming back here again. I have already recommended the restaurant to a couple family members.
My better half took me to Chapeau! to celebrate my birthday. We've both heard great things and booked a last minute reservation for Sunday night. We have a baby at home and don't get out as often as we used to...that said, this was a great spot to enjoy a nice meal and copious amounts of wine. They offer a la carte, chefs tasting, or a "select your own" tasting menu. You determine how much you're willing to spend...We went with the chefs tasting menu and it didn't disappoint. The foie gras was an excellent addition and worth the upcharge. Portions were great- dishes were predictably a bit heavy and I was toast by the time the duck came around. I enjoyed everything we tried...particularly the desserts-WOW! The wine selection was straight forward and reasonably priced. We shared a split of Billecart Brut Rose followed by Bourgogne Domaine Parent....We finished the night off with a lovely dessert wine.Our server was attentive enough. When she left, another gentleman took over her tables. He was entertaining, sweet, and offered us complimentary dessert wine and a third dessert because we couldn't decide (they all sounded great). The area was quaint and in a part of SF we haven't explored. Next time we'll taper the alcohol consumption and do some exploring.
. The food was delicious. I had a 3 course meal for 44.95... Trio of salmon to start - then the filet mignon and the baked alarm for dessert. In addition, good service. This is a good spot to bookmark. I'll be coming back.
The food was absolutely amazing. They were really nice, and the owner was super sweet and adorable. We came in an hour and a half early for our reservation, but they seated us anyway.This was my first time eating at a fancy restaurant (or, a place that has 3 $'s on yelp), and it was dope. I've been a street rat most of my adult life, so I was just surprised they let me in. I don't know if it's just shifting metabolism or signs of getting older, but I was full after my entree despite the small portion sizes. Either way, it went down easy and tasted amazing.
Waiters are made my visit homey and comfortable.I came here after dinner to order some couple desserts and lattes to pair with the sweets. I was pleasantly surprised by the lattes, because I'm not an espresso/coffee drinker. There was so much foam, and I like foam!We ordered the Nuage de Noix and the Basil Napoleon. Neither were too sweet, which was a pleasant surprise. In fact, the nuage de noix had a delightful combination of crunch and smoothness. I did not want to order the napolean because of the mixed fruits (it didn't sound appetizing at the time), but the flavors of the fruits were well balanced.
24-August, 2013Bouef Tartar: had a subtle sweetness to it, more so than other ones I've tasted. Although think some proper Crostonis are in much needed order, instead of paper-thin plantain chips.Bouef Bourguignon was rather sour tasting, as if the wine had gone bad as I was only able to really detect it in the sauce. It's been almost a year since this meal, but I can clearly remember how off the taste was.
First time at Chapeau, and we were not disappointed. We shared a 3-course menu with foie gras poel for appetizer, pesto risotto with scallops for entrees and of course the chocolate cake for dessert.All the food was delicious. The check comes in a chapeau, d'o le nom!
The service is exceptionally good: very thoughtful and personal. They make you feel warm and cherished. The food though hardly does justice to the service-it is barely average.
My wife and I came here for our anniversary dinner and the place did not disappoint. the parking was, of course, a pain, we finally found street parking 2.5 blocks away, took us 20 minutes to find it. Service was very friendly and professional, as the servers/waiters seem to speak good French and English. Finally, the 3 years of French I learned in high school/college I was able to put into good use! Both my wife and I had the Main course meals 1 (appetizer+entree+dessert) which cost $44 each. she had the raw oysters(6 dollar surcharge), Bouillabaisse(8 dollar surcharge), and creme burlee, and I had the escargot, Cassoulet de Toulouse, and Nuage de noix. We first had the complementary bread, it's fresh, warm, and crispy on the outside, some of the best bread we've had.  the oysters were VERY DELICIOUS. 3 dollars each, not big, but very well prepared. the Bouillabaisse is basically a seafood plate, very small portion, but tasty, the broth is very special. there's a big jumbo prawn in the middle, but my wife said even tho it's good it's too "well done". my Cassoulet is more filling as it contains a lot of the beans... I didn't notice the "shredding lamb shoulders" nor the unique lamb taste, but it's ok. we were joking about getting some boba pearl drink after this, until we had the dessert. the creme burlee was probably the best one we've had. the nuage de noix, though not big in size, was SUPER rich and tasty, with a lot of different kind of nuts and creme, and unique orange taste. We were full and satisfied.I end up paying $134 (18% tips). Yeah it's expensive, but it's unique enough to recommend to visit at least once. I taught my wife to say "merci beaucoup" to our waiter and he was pleased. :)
My friend and I came here on my visit to SF this past weekend. We opted for the 3 course menu where you get to choose an appetizer, entree, and dessert. For appetizer, I got the Salmon Trio which I thought was just ok. It lacked flavor, it was alittle bland, I really didn't know what I was tasting... My friend got their Creamy Roasted Chestnut Soup which was actually quite good. The soup was rich and creamy but wasn't too overpowering. For entree I got their Sauted Striped Bass & Braised Oxtail which was good. I liked the Striped Bass alot but the oxtail was just so so for me. My friend got their Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter which was good as well. But both dishes were just good but weren't exceptionally good. FYI, if you wanted to get the Bouillabaisse or Filet Mignon there is an extra $8 charge added onto your standard 3 course meal for $44.50.For dessert, I got their Baked Alaska which was actually pretty good. One of the better Baked Alaska I've had... I loved their expresso coffee. My friend had their Vanilla Bean Crme Brle which I thought was standard.One thing I really thought was awesome was the chef went by all the tables to say hi and make conversation just to make sure everything was good. That was a delightful experience. Overall, Chapeau was an ok experience for me.
I have always wanted to try Chapeau! So I decided to take my parents, especially my mom, here for Mother's Day. We had made reservations for a Sunday night and we were seated right away. Service was spectacular that night.Food:Complimentary Bread - Nothing too specialToasted Tomato Bread - Not too sure what this is called, but this was complimentary from the chef. It was pretty yummy. Mesclun Salad with Creme Dijonnaise, Red Seedless Grapes, Pistachio, and Fried Camembert - This salad was huge!!! The fried camembert (cheese) was very yummy!!! I really enjoyed this salad because it was different from the usual type I would eat. After I finished my salad, I was already full and this was just the beginning of my meal too!Traditional Escargots de Buorgogne - My mom had ordered this and when I tried one of them, they were so delicious!!! I was glad they were not in the shells. The escargots were baked in butter, parsley and garlic. Loved the flavors.Trio of Salmon - My dad had this and I got to take a bite of it. This had came with tartare and caviar. It was very refreshing and flavorful. Good portion amount. Prince Edward Island Mussels - I am a big fan of seafood so I had to get this. I love mussels! The mussels were steamed with white whine, shallot and parsley, which came along with a side of pommes frites. Yum! I had been already full from my salad, so I ate all the mussels and saved my fries for to go. The white wine sauce was soo yummy that I asked for more bread to dip and eat it. Wild Caught Skate Wing - Never heard of this dish before, but my dad had this and it was a pretty big portion! I could tell that it was very soft and tender and very flavorful by the looks of it!Boneless Roasted Half Chicken Dodine Stuffed with Mousse of Veal - My mom had this and I remembered she was really full and had packed this to go! French Toast, Salted Caramel Ice Cream, Hazelnut Creme Anglaise - I was already so full from my main course, but I just had to save room for dessert. The french toast was so good! This was so fluffy! Plus, I loved that it came with the salted caramel ice cream. It melted in my mouth with each bite. Profiteroles - This was pretty good and sweet at the same time. Quite different from the typical kind of desserts. Nuage de Noix - This had roasted pistachios, almonds and hazelnuts in a frozen Chantilly and Italian meringue, orange soup. A bit sweet, but still delicious.Throughout the night, service was excellent and they kept checking up on us to see how everything was. We even met the chef that night as he was walking around and shaking everyone's hands. We felt very welcomed throughout the night. My parents, including myself, had a very wonderful dining experience and we will definitely be back to try more!
Chapeau! was our choice for a celebratory date night. I had made reservations in advance and when they called a day before to confirm, I asked them to do something a little special. When we arrived they had arranged a perfect corner table with a white linen table cloth and rose...swoon ;) (No, not all the tables have white linen!) We each had the three course so got to sample several items - blue cheese tart and salmon trio for apps, filet and skate wine for mains, and french toast and chocolate lava cake for dessert. Loved it all! We ordered a bottle of wine which (sigh and gasp) we didn't like (never happens!) and they happily brought us a different one. Service was timely and very pleasant throughout the meal. Great spot for a nice dinner date. Loved that the vibe still remained elegant, yet casual. Would happily return if in the area and looking to splurge a bit :)
This is my favorite restaurant in the SF bay. Every time I eat here I am just blown away.A few minor things could be improved, like the sense of crowding to other tables and waiters flying by, but hey, it's a little place.My last meal would be from this restaurant.
Excellent meal and excellent service. Our hostess was nice and explained the menu to us. We even had a fun conversation about her time in France. We had a 8 pm reservation and we went an hour over the closing time by the end of our meal. We were feeling bad that we got the staff late but they made us feel very welcome and comfortable. They made my husband's birthday dinner very special. The food was great. Seared Foie gras was superb ! Escargot was great ! My husband like the salad landaise.My French onion soup was slightly on the salty side for my taste. Steak with mushrooms and fingerling potatoes were really good. The side of bone marrow was slightly over seasoned. Dessert : creme brle was good, the basil Napoleon was good, but the rum cake was too heavy and too sweet. After a heavy meal it was almost too much to handle. Overall great service and good food. We were real happy campers after the meal.
I love how this place is in a small quiet neighborhood. It's very fitting. Business casual. wear a tie, don't wear a tie, but definitely wear a nice button down.The inside is very intimate, quiet, and cozy. The tables are a little bit close together for my comfort. You can hear everyone's conversations but, it's alright. Our waiter was very helpful. We are not very good at fancy but he was a very helpful guide while not being condescending. He helped us choose a wine, and our meal and we were so glad he did.We ended up getting a duck salad, which was amazing. I'm usually against paying more than $5 for a salad, but this place made it worth it. Best salad i ever had.Next, i'm not sure if this is there every night, but we had a $88 prime rib for 2. It came with bone marrow for the both of us, mashers, vegies, 2 different dipping sauces, and a FAT prime rib. This meal could have easily fed 4. AND it tasted amazing. I always thought prime ribs were only ever cooked in an oven but this thing was cut parallel to the bone, and GRILLED. it was good. definitely worth 88 dollars. We also had 4 oysters to go along with our meal. I've had better, but it wasn't bad.
My favorite French restaurant. Everything here is always good! The only thing I can remember trying but not liking was the baked brie, just didn't care for it but everything else is always good. I am not a big gourmet food connoisseur with a trained or seasoned palate and really haven't tried a lot of french cuisine but I know the food is always good here albeit small portions; but that's with all french cuisine, and the owner is always so friendly to greet, check in on throughout the evening and bid farewell to everybody as they leave. Best of the french restaurants I have been to overall. I always love going to Chapeau!
We live in the area so this is our go to special occasion dining place. We ate there on 10/11 to celebrate my wife's birthday. Other than an inexperienced server (everyone was new once) we were delighted with the food and service. The scallop special was perfectly cooked as was my wife's duck. We have dined at Chapeau many times in the last 20 years and believe it is hard to beat.
Girlfriend took me here for my birthday dinner on a Saturday night. We've gone by clement many times but neither of us have noticed this restaurant. There were no lines when we got there and with our reservation, we were seated right away. As we entered, we felt the warm and inviting atmosphere. Our waiter was so nice throughout the whole experience and explained the menu as well as answered some questions about the dishes. I ended up getting the 4 course meal: Veal sweetbreads, day-boat scallops with pesto risotto, filet mignon with bone marrow, and the french toast. The sweetbreads were plump and had a great, yet mild flavor. Scallop was firm and not chewy at all. The risotto had the perfect texture; rice was cooked yet had the slightest hardness when chewing. The highlight of the meal had to be the filet mignon. From the sauce, potatoes, mushrooms, plus the bone marrow, created a symphony of foodgasmic flavors in every bite. Filet was cooked medium rare, just how I wanted it. Then... came the finale; the house favorite: french toast with caramel ice cream. It was an incredible dessert with the warm, sticky french toast and the cold, sweet ice cream. What a great ending to a wonderful meal. The gf ordered the mussels with frites, bouillabaisse, and lemon tart. Everything was delicious and we were too stuffed to finish all of the desserts. It has taken me years of hearing about this place to actually trying it. And who knew it was so close to where we lived? We will definitely be coming back. Service was terrific, food was even better, and to top it all off, the chef ran out the door to thank us for coming to dinner and gave the gf two pecks on the cheek.Thank you for the great meal, Chapeau!
the food and service was excellent.I had the filet mignon simply cooked to perfection. For dessert baked Alaska which was beautiful and delicious.The staff there are courteous and makes one feel extremely welcome.
Salted cod dish is very good. The rest of the meal was so so. How I miss Le Bernandin in NY...
Absolutely fantastic! From the welcoming cauliflower cream soup to the prime rib and wine pairings, this place is a gem. Service was wonderful as well to top off our lovely evening.We will definitely be back!
Came one night with friends when we had a craving for foie gras. It was our first time to Chapeau and service was pleasant.The foie gras appetizer was nicely done and the trio of salmon was very tasty. For the entrees, everything was good as well. It was a high quality traditional fare. While I was not blown away by the flavors, it was a very satisfying meal.
Wow! Did not expect to like it so much.J and I came here for Dine About Town, and we came early (5pm dinner). It was a bit of a rough start as the hostess was sort of brusque with us while she obviously knew and was warm towards other people here. Anyway, when we were seated, things began to get better.It was awesome - almost all the servers had this cool french accent and the music in the background was jazzy and non-intrusive. I really just loved the whole atmosphere of the place.In addition the service is great. It was only when I got into the car that I realized that once we ordered, we only had to wait a bit until food began coming out steadily. No sooner had I finished one that the next bit would be here. With all that said, let's talk about the food.I wasn't even that hungry, but the food was delicious!We had a small amuse bouche of salmon, fingerling potato, and something else.. and it was quite the burst of flavor. Then their crusty bread and butter (which is really nothing to write home about).The trio of salmon was delicious, abounding in textures.. and who knew, Chapeau! You've made a fried-capers-fan out of me!My sea bass and oxtail dish was also delicious, but I was just very full. The wine the server suggested was pretty good on its own, but that whole pairing experience only taught me that I don't really know any wines. haha.The duck breast that J ordered was cooked perfectly medium rare.. and just all the flavors of both dishes melded really well together.We finished off with the creme brulee which was also delicious (and huge). My only gripe is that at the end of the night, I didn't know that sparkling water was an extra charge ($8), and paying with the ipad and figuring out tip is a bit awkward and almost embarrassing.I am definitely planning to come back - the descriptions of the menus sounded amazing and I just want to try all of them. ALSO, DID I JUST GO TO FRANCE? i believe I did! A France with really NICE french people.
LOVE IT! J'AdoreSpent my last 2014 dinner and had a great time with friends, bubbly, confetti, balloons, and 4 course meal (I think it was 4) anyway, the staff was very fun, friendly and engaged. I would come back over and over..
Great ambiance! We learned about this place from the owner! Met him in SF while he was showing people around town.He told us about his restaurant and we Mae it a point to go!Delicious food. Nice place! On the fancier side....If you are looking for delicious French food this is your place!
Why is La Folie on SFgate's best restaurants list this year while Chapeau! isn't ? Reminds me of a Steve Jobs nugget: so called experts aren't as smart as you and me. Should overpriced fare, a tinge of ostentation and not at all bad French food suit your fancy, do indulge at the former. If cuisine to rival France's best and professional service matter, experience the latter. At Chapeau! the food is exquisite, the wine selection vast and the ambiance reminiscent of old charm, present day Europe. If (as written by a few well-meaning yet clearly addled contributors herein) sitting too close to others is a bother and the prix fixe menu a tad bit complex- see you at the food court nearest you this Monday at 2.
Just took some friends here for the first time in a while and happy to say it's still a great place. The food is consistently great and you can't help but see how much heart the family who runs the restaurant puts into it. No gimmicks or trendy decor - just GREAT food and wine!
chapeau! is one of those restaurants in the city that is basically an institution. this being the case, i was excited to finally try it.the restaurant itself is pretty discreet so you really have to keep your eyes open and have google maps up to make sure you don't pass it. after getting in, we were greeted warmly and promptly seated.THINGS TO GET- 3 course fixe prix: a great deal since the portions are same as a la carte.- duck frise, sweetbread and pork tenderloin are all recommended. The pork tenderloin was juicy and went well with apple brandy mashed potatoes- french toast and basil napeleon are great desserts, can't go wrong with eitheroverall it was a great experience. the only knock I would have on it was the service. the service could have been better and felt there were more guests than the waiters could handle. ironically once we were attended to, the service was great. otherwise i definitely recommend and although I couldn't give up a five star review, it's definitely a restaurant i would come back to and consider one of the best in the city.
Very friendly service from entering to leaving, though I had a little trouble understanding the waiter's explanation of the foods through his strong French accent.Appetizers were yummy.Main dishes were kind of disappointing. Skate wing- The skate wing seemed like not a real high quality type of fish, somewhat rough texture. Salty.Oxtail and Black cod- I thought the oxtail could have had a more tender texture. This dish was pretty good, but I would try something different if I ever went back again.Baked alaska was way too sweet, they should work on bringing more balance to it. Maybe like a bitter chocolate syrup instead of a regular sweet choco syrup. And maybe less sweet ice cream since the meringue has to have lots of sugar in it.Food-3 starsService-5 starsBut I weigh food a lot more heavily than service so still 3 stars overall.
A review for Chapeau is long overdue since I've been here a few times already, and love it each. and. every. time. It's honestly one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Actually, it IS my favorite restaurant in the city. Chapeau changes their menu ever so often, so if you haven't been here in awhile, look forward to some yummy new dishes as well as trusted favorites. On my most recent visit to Chapeau, I opted for the Vegetarian prix fixe menu. The appetizer was delicious-- a pastry filled with bleu cheese fresh greens on top. My boyfriend's French onion soup was also heavenly. Lemon Ginger Sorbet cleanser was good. **Remember people-- a palate cleaner is NOT a dessert. It's not meant to be overly sweet** The kale ravioli dish was pretty good (didn't blow my mind though). Too much kale in the middle but the pasta was fresh and cooked perfectly. The chicken entree I got a long time ago was amazing. Lastly, we got the French Toast with Salted Caramel ice cream for dessert. The french toast was good, but the ice cream was to DIE for. I would've been perfectly happy eating a bowl of that ice cream for dinner.Why do I LOVE Chapeau over many other fantastic restaurants in SF? The service. The owners are SO hands-on, you can see them out and about in the dining room almost every single night. Our servers have always been super nice, attentive, and friendly. We got a number of *freebies* the last time we came too. We made reservations ahead of time but still had to wait a little longer than anticipated. As a result? Having our wine topped off twice, had a free sample drink, and a free dessert.Also, prices are very reasonable.
My husband took me here for my birthdate and its my new favorite French Restaurant in the city! Philippe, the owner, was so attentive to everyone who came in and accomodated us (even though we were an hour late for our reservation on a busy evening). Most of the waitstaff is French...not a must but a plus. The fixed menu option prices were decent and for someone who doesn't like huge portions (but loves food, go figure) - I LOVED the option for an appetizer, entre, and dessert. The portions were perfect! I had a black cod dish but there were so many meat dishes surrounding me...thank goodness I couldn't hack being a pescatarian! Definitely need to try all the dishes on the menu! If you love French cuisine, don't pass this place up.
This was my first time at Chapeau! and I enjoyed my time and meal here. I made a reservation not knowing it was SFRW so that kind of worked out for me. I arrived about 15 minutes late and I was seated to my table right away when I got there. That was very appreciated since I was fashionably late and it was busy due to it being the last day of SFRW. Thanks for being so accommodating!My boyfriend and I ordered the prie fix menu. There were two different options. One menu was a 3 course dinner and the other menu was a 4 course dinner. The 4 course dinner comes with a "Tasting Fish" course. The items we ordered were the:--Foie Gras: This was one of the specials for the night and an additional $6 on top of the prie fix menu. This was my favorite dish of the night. It comes with this bread puff, sliced apples and citrus micro greens that really complement the foie gras. Such a delicacy!! The foie gras was liver-y and definitely rich in flavor. --Escargot: You can smell the garlic when they place this dish in front of you!! Garlic + EVOO + Parmesan cheese...yum!--Scallop with pesto risotto and lobster sauce: This was one of the specials of the night and an additional $11.50 on top of the prie fix menu. I am a huge scallop person and loved the flavors in this dish. I wish I could've ate my boyfriend's portion hehe. :)--Mussels in White Wine Sauce: The sauce is full of garlic, white wine and light. This dish comes with a lot of mussels!! Generous portion. I really liked the fries that came with it! It reminded me of In N Out French fries!! Also comes with garlic bread so you can dip it into the sauce. Yum! --Veal Sweetbreads: My boyfriend and I didn't know that this is actually the thymus gland or pancreas of the veal haha. We didn't find out until after we ate it. --Lemon Tart: Yummy! --French Toast with Salted Caramel Ice Cream: Amaze balls! I would come here just to order this for dessert. :)
The price point isn't so bad for the quality. The service is good. The staff were kind and patient. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I had the salmon trio as appetizer and the duck entree. Every single detail was cooked to perfection. I loved the way the peaches added a delicate taste towards a rather hardy meal. I loved the banana custard for dessert. I will most likely be returning.
My BF took me there for my birthday. The food is amazing with a surprisingly reasonable price. The Chef/Owner greets all his customers, which is awesome. We were also one of the last customers leaving the restaurant, the chef came out again to say goodbye to us. very nice dinner and birthday experience. I will come back for other special occasions, or maybe everyday can be a special day to get some tasty french food.
I came here with my childhood best friend. She loves french food and I haven't been here since before the foie ban. We were able to get reservations for 8:45pm. I loved chapeau! Our server was amazing. Even with our reservation, we had to wait 15minutes. There were also a ton of walk ins waiting when we got there. This place is extremely popular and for good reason! They also added a couple more tables, but the wait is still insane. Once you get seated, you will feel a little cramped but just remember: you're not there to lounge, you're there to eat amazing french food and get the whole french experience with their super friendly waiters =) My friend ordered the escargo, the duck breast, and some dessert off of their dine about town menu. I ordered this duck salad our waiter recommended and their mussles. I thought the duck salad and duck breast were really good. The dessert was also interesting, It contained some alcohol. I wish I can remember what it was called. Mussles must not be in season right now because the ones I got were all tiny. I thought the wine sauce they made for the mussles was quite tasty though. I guess, don't order mussles off season like me!
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and we had such a good experience. We both got the menu 1 dinner so we got to pick an app, entree and dessert. I started off with the mussels app and he got the sweetbreads. Both were really good and filled us up before eating anything else so when our entrees came we were both already pretty full. I got the filet mignon and the medium rare was cooked to perfection! It was sooo goooood. Too bad I could not finish cause I was way too full. My boyfriend got the boullabaise and he thought it was amazing! Basically, a rich mans cioppino. lol Anyway for our dessert he got some baked alaska type thing which was good but I got creme brulee as I always do and it was so delicious I am salvating just thinking and writing about it. Reservations would probably are suggested since this place is so good and can get busy!
None of the dishes here really rocked my world here. My husband + I have been on a French food kick from New York to SF and I'd have to say this place rated below all.* Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads - odd texture. too gamy for my liking.* Poached Wild Alaskan Halibut in Mussel Sauce - too fishy.* Green Apple Normand - too heavy of liquor at the bottom of it all.* Filet Mignon - my husband loved this. they cooked it medium rare, perfect. i would have liked it without the mushrooms and more of the potatoes :)* Basil Napolean - delicious except for the wafers which didn't do anything for me - rather it took away from the dessert.
Elegant yet non-pretentious restaurant with soothing dim lighting. The food is delicious. Service is spectacular. My reservation was confirmed via text, I was greeted with a handshake upon entry, and I was immediately seated and allowed to wait until the correct time for the other party. We were attended to with the best detail. Even the to-go boxes were put together with great effort. Highly recommended.
Went here awhile back to celebrate Wifey's bday as she is totally a french food junkie!The restaurant was blazing hot...and by hot, I mean that we were sweating and the wet face look was unavoidable. We went early so the restaurant wasn't packed yet...but it did get quite jammed by the middle of our meal. Our service was good...not great in comparison to other high end restaurants in SF. We ordered the filet mignon add bone marrow which came out to about $40. This was my first time having bone marrow and thoroughly enjoyed the taste of delicious fat melting in my mouth. The filet mignon was also tasty and cooked well but the marrow was the highlight. Presentation was also pleasing to the eye. Definitely a great find in the area...a place you need to try if you've never been. Return trip? Nah...probably not. Solid 4 stars.
A wonderful dining experience. The staff was very friendly, and we basically spent the night going with their recommendations. It was relaxing and delicious.There was so much passion when they talked about their plates, and the food followed through. It was a great french food experience.
What happened tonight Chapeau ! You are busy, still preparing fairly priced and generally well prepared French fare to many people ,... but tonight it appears that you forgot that we are YOUR CUSTOMERS and we likely require a little more than just a cursory drop of the menu and wine list. Granted - we called at short notice earlier today and we got a table in the bar area (which now appears to be fully used for diners - so why not tear the damn ugly space out and put proper seating in there for all of us late planners!?) but we sit there not infrequently and usually get proper service?Tonight the French fellow working the bar area decided that the busboys and runners are all we and the four top next to us needed and he basically just ignored us all night. Never asked about our apps or our entrees and I almost had to send up fireworks to get noticed for a check ! Really he just "dialed it in" and if he worked for me he would be unemployed by tonight.My wife and I don't need servers to hold our hands or even stop by often - but I expect it when I arrive to take my order, and after each course - just as a check in. Seems like a basic ?! Tonight I think you took my order and dropped off the check after the owner pointed out we had been sitting there w an empty table for way too long !?!Oh, I'd like a coffee w my dessert. You never asked. And we heard later about a special dessert not on the menu and the tart of the day not from you but by overhearing another waiter at the other tables mention it !?I'll be having that coffee at home, thank you. The service is better there and that is where half of your expected tip will be...Seriously,...in such a small space w such a simple menu the basics cannot be forgotten and tonight they didn't even exist.What was a reasonably well prepared meal was badly impacted by ZERO SERVICE and the unfortunate bussing staff covering for you. Shame on you.How do you say MEH in French ? Perhaps Chapeau ? Disappointing and surprised !
Came here for anniversary dinner. Good was a solid four stars - excellent authentic French cuisine. The butter was cold and hard and the bread was good, but not quite as the same level of the other items. Filer Mignon was perfectly cooked but could have used a classic French sauce to reach 5 stars (Barnaise, anyone?) and top off the flavor pallet. Salade Landaise was extremely tasty and probably the best item on our table. The service was 5 stars and could I choose a 4.5 rating, I would.
This place was fantastic. Great food in a setting that feels fancy, yet low key and neighborhoody at the same time. Nothing pretentious about the place at all. Staff was friendly and excellent. What a wonderful dining experience. Would go back again for sure, and I intend to.
Is there really much else I can say that everyone else hasn't said already about how great this place is? I guess I'll try...Went here for a friend's birthday. She has a fancy for French cuisine, and this place seemed most reasonable in terms of prices compared to other places we looked at. It was a party of five, and for the most part, we all got something different. We all got the 3-course menu because it honestly seemed like the best deal.Let me start with the bread. IT WAS AMAZING. The bread was baked with a crunchy crust and super soft middle. With the butter, it paired up perfectly. For appetizer, I got the soup that had a crab cake (I can't rememeber what the name of it was). The soup was PERFECT. It was almost like a tomato cream soup, but was really light. I swear I could've eaten like, 5 bowls of that. Great flavor. One of my friends got the tasting of fish and it was mostly salmon, but was super fresh.For entree, I got the filet mignon, medium rare. I was debating between that and the lamb shoulder, but my gut just went with good old beef. It was cooked perfectly; true medium rare. Just enough red juice was oozing, and the meat was tender. It came with diced potatoes and mushrooms, but those got pretty salty once it soaked in the sauce for too long. The filet mignon with the sauce was mouth-watering, on the other hand. It was seriously one of the most tender cuts I've had, and incredibly well made.For dessert, we all got something different. I got the creme brle, but had a taste of the French toast, chocolate cake, baked Alaska, and trio sorbet. French toast was a little too sweet for me, chocolate cake cake was good but super rich (so I probably wouldn't have been able to finish it), trio sorbet tasted like the real fruit (mango, lemon, and black currant, but black currant tasted a bit spiked), and the baked Alaska definitely had a strong rum taste (my tolerance is pretty low since I rarely drink, so others may think otherwise). My creme brle was not too sweet, and the portion was a huge size. The layer of sugar wasn't perfect since it didn't cut my mouth as I bit into a bite, and the consistency of the cream part wasn't too thick.We walked out of there STUFFED, but our stomachs were definitely happy. It's a cute little restaurant, and definitely a great place to have a nice dinner without breaking the bank. I HIGHLY recommend this place. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!Happy eats!
This is my favorite French restaurant. This is cosy French bistro food: the escargot  la bourguignonne (garlic & butter delight), French onion soup (savory and gooey with Gruyre), oysters; the filet mignon (get the marrow!), and a delicious choice of desserts (my favorites are the profiteroles and the crme brle).The ambiance is very warm and it's always crowded the weekday evenings we have dined. Chef Philippe is an artist and when he has chance, he visits every table to greet guests. Very charming!
I had no idea what this place was all those times I've walked by until my one of my aunts told me about it. I made reservations on OpenTable for 12/22/14 for my mom's birthday for a party of five. The tables are spaced pretty close together but it's no big deal. We started off with anchovies on bread sticks and bread and butter. I can't remember what everyone ordered but I had the trio of salmon and filet mignon. Both were great. The trio of salmon was very light but I don't like capers much. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly to medium rare. My mom had the the escargot, which I tried and it was delicious. She did not, however, enjoy the Cassoulet de Toulouse. My dad ordered the Prince Edward Island Mussels and I don't know what my siblings had. In the middle of our meal, chef Philippe came out to greet the family and say happy birthday to my mom. He is such a sweet and kind man. Great service here. We only ordered one dessert- the baked Alaska- since we had cake waiting for us at home. I had a bite of it and oh my, was it good. There was even a candle stuck on the plate for my mom. We had a wonderful time with quality food at a great price. When we left the restaurant, Philippe came out too and gave us hugs and kisses on both cheeks(excluding my dad and brother, of course)! He waited until we were all inside the car before he went back inside the restaurant. I hope to be back here soon. Peace homies.
The setting is nice, white table cloth and all, but the food was just not that great. People probably rated it high because this is the cheapest French white-table-cloth restaurant in town. I wouldn't waste my money here. I tried their tasting menu and there was just nothing that's really good. Everything was below average; I DID enjoy the warm chocolate cake though...Will not come back again.
Chapeau! is wonderful. We had dinner there on a weeknight and everyone gave great service. The chef came out to greet us, and we ended up speaking to him later on about various places to visit in France. The food was delicious. We went for three courses (good portions and rich flavor) and they also gave us dessert when they heard we were celebrating an anniversary. The foie gras was fantastic, as was the escargot, mussels and duck.
One of the best meals I have ever had! This was a very memorable experience and I find myself wanting to go back all the time.We sat in the back corner booth which was a perfect spot in the restaurant. Our server was incredibly friendly and over the top French, which was ideal. I even spoke French to him without him making fun of my accent even though he was from Paris. He set up a floor standing wine bucket in front of our table for the bottle of champagne we brought and we both agreed that was a nice touch. Corkage fee is $18.We did the pre-fixe appetizer, entree, and dessert. I ordered the French onion soup, the Lamb with ratatouille (special for the night), and French toast. My boyfriend ordered the trio of salmon, filet mignon with bone marrow, and baked Alaska. Before the appetizers, our waiter gave us complimentary little cups of cauliflower soup with truffle oil, which was comforting and creamy. The French soup was a little different aka lighter than most. It doesn't have the excessive amount of cheese and bread on top. The lamb was cooked to perfection and the ratatouille was a great addition. Any time this is a special, I highly recommend ordering. To top everything of, the French toast was absolutely amazing. I would come back just for this! It is one piece of warm toast with caramel ice cream on top and it is excellent. Do not split this dessert, each get your own. I promise you will want every last bite! I can't even comment on my boyfriend's meal, except that his filet was pretty amazing, because I was so obsessed with my own meal. This place does not disappoint!
Not the best experience. Maybe it was an off night. I'm not a tough customer by any means.Pros:The guy at the door was friendlyThe food was decent.Cons:Our waiter was rather disengaged but pushy at the same time. There was a lot of hovering and then he'd be all over us the minute we finished a course, clearing the table. When we got the check, he literally came by 3 times in under a minute to grab my card. Can I just finish my wine please? If you've had great service, you know what I mean. We felt rushed and not particularly welcome.The food was decent, but better food, better service for a better price can be had at Bistro Central Park. Oh, and the bouillabaisse gave me the runs.My sense is that people who frequent this place don't realize they can do better.
I used to love coming to this location when it was the former French restaurant Clementine, so we decided to give this place a try hoping it would be just as good.I ordered the prime rib with bone marrow for 2. It was a lot of food! It's good quality meat but the problem I had was that everything was very rich. Usually that's a good thing, but when everything is heavy and fatty-- the bone marrow, rich sauces, creamy potato dish-- it kinda makes you a little sick by the end of the meal. It does come with a side of very lackluster kale. I felt the entire meal needed something to cut through all the grease.
Highlights: Great taste, good ambience for conversation, Cozy setting, very personal service, healthy meal Note that it's very French style, so you have the French portion.so I guess that's why most people get appetizers and desserts. Because main entree is not gonna make you satisfied...Must make reservation ahead! Parking is quite an adventure during dinner hours.Came here for with good friend for her birthday. We had onion soup for appetizer , the size is tiny but very tasteful. I'd hope there was less cheese in the soup though. Next time I would try their Trio Salmon.For entree, I had Sauted Bass and braised oxtail. Good----1)a very delicate and delicious look: with striped bass on top, some parts lightly seared with skin, bottomed by mashed potato, with braised oxtail hidden in the middle, two caramelized pearl onions on the side. 2) the fish tasted very flavorful, yet not heavy or salty. 3) the roasted garlic mashed potato is the best I've ever had ...it's so tender and just melts in the mouth 4) braised oxtail very creative way to cook, it's mostly lean and also tastyOne little imperfection was the bass was slightly overcooked for me taste.We didn't have dessert but brought our own cake. They charge 5 dollars for bottle opening/cake cutting. The price is fine for the very good taste. my friend and I had around $40 per person before tip, and we were eating on the cautious side.
4.5 stars. I made a reservation at 8:00pm but still had to wait for about 30 minutes to get seated. The ambience was very nice like a small French cafe sort of vibe. The service was a bit slow but the waiters were all very nice and super polite. The food was excellent and definitely within the standards of that sort of price( about 25-35 an entree). The desserts were awesome especially the baked Alaska. Each dish was executed well with nice details. Overall great, but the restroom is a little old and needs remodeling.
An extremely disappointing meal; stressful ambience and terrible service. The food is fine, but not worth the price or tolerating the rest of the experience. Here's our story:We arrived on time for a late evening reservation on a Saturday night. The restaurant was crowded: every table was taken and the vestibule / greeting area, which feels like it's about 4 feet by 4 feet, was packed shoulder to shoulder with guests waiting to be seated. It took us several minutes, packed like sardines and listening to the owner yelling into a phone, just to get attention (actually, it required the owner snapping at the maitre d' with an embarrassing and abusive-sounding, "Will you please seat the people?!" to get attention). We're still in the vestibule, curtained off from the restaurant, and things are already feeling hectic.The dining room is PACKED and LOUD. There are far too many tables in too small of an area, and there's an immediate sense that we're about to have a cheap and commoditized experience. It's obvious the management cares more about optimizing tables/revenue than ambience.Walking across the dining room, we unintentionally create multiple traffic jams of wait staff and there's an overwhelming feeling that we are in the way. The maitre d' asks for our jackets, but there's literally no room to stretch our arms and take them off. We reach across other diners' tables, careful not to dip our jackets in their $50 entrees, and eek out of our jackets. The maitre d' takes them to the coat room -- actually, some hooks on the walkway between the kitchen and the dining room -- and, in the process, creates a backup of staff trying to get in and out of the kitchen. One waiter tries to walk through the blocked kitchen door, crashes into it, and drops silverware everywhere. Oops. Fortunately, we barely hear the crash over the din of other diners.Our table is uncomfortably close to the diners on either side of us, so close that they bump into and move our table whenever someone leaves to go home or visit the restroom. My girlfriend and I have trouble paying attention to each other over the conversations happening on either side of us. We felt exposed; absolutely no privacy for intimate conversation.We both ordered the $75 chef's menu. The staff was pleasant, but forgetful. They forgot:- To bring our wine (we ordered wine as soon as we sat down, but didn't get any until after amuse-bouche and halfway through the first course)- To bring an entire course (sorbet before the main course)- Silverware for our main course (we watched our rare filet mignon cook for two minutes)- Wine refills (we were never offered a second pour in over 2 hours)- To clear our plates (we spent significantly more time staring at dirty plates than eating)- To clean our table (crumbs everywhere until the very end)When the staff did bring things, they were rushed and oafish. Splashed wine. Silverware thrown down and clanged about. Rushed explanations of the dishes plopped in front of us. Basically, the service quality of a Denny's.When we mentioned a course had been forgotten, there was no apology. They later brought us a free creme brulee, but neither of us wanted it or had asked for it. To add insult to injury, the desserts that did come with our meal (figs in wine sauce) were literally inedible. For our dessert course, we sat disappointed with three plates: one we didn't want, and two we couldn't eat. We picked at the few bites of ice cream that weren't smothered in bitter, salty, fig sauce.The bathroom (which we got to know well, having to sit and drink water for over 2 hours) was FILTHY. The floors were wet and dangerously slippery, and the room generally felt unclean. They say you can judge the cleanliness of a restaurant by the bathroom; knowing this, when I saw their bathroom, I considered leaving.For two hours and over $200, we felt like we got some decent filet mignon, an enjoyable appetizer, a forgettable amuse-bouche, an inedible dessert, and an order of stress and frustration. We couldn't even get drunk because the staff never remembered to refill our wine glasses. We did enjoy the bread and butter, but the waiter forgot when we asked for more.This is the first time I've ever felt RIPPED OFF by a dining experience. Going out for burritos would have been more relaxed and better value. It feels like all of our complaints -- the ambience, noise, forgetful staff, botched desserts -- are simply a product of greed: too many diners without enough space or staff to support them. You can tell this place could be (or maybe once was?) special, but greed is holding it back. What a disappointment.
I live around the corner, I've known Chef Phillipe from the neighborhood for years walking my dog, I've reviewed this place several times before and it's consistently great. I've recently heard Chef is expanding the restaurant into the building next door, which speaks volumes about how an excellent restaurant can grow in a local neighborhood with support of people from all over town. I love the Inner Richmond and I love Chapeau! Thanks you, Chef. It's been a great 5+ years...
"Meh. I've experienced better." is completely how I felt when I left this place.Reservations aren't difficult to get; they seem very flexible because I have called and cancelled once or twice. They were always able to accommodate my dates and times.When I arrived, we were seated immediately. Service was mediocre, they didn't pay attention to us. They were nice.Food - I was hoping for a delicious meal. Honestly, it was just really salty. I had a hard time eating a lot of the items. I tried my friend's dish and overall, everything's salty. The mussels were good and the trio of salmon appetizer wasn't bad but the dishes to follow ruined it for us. Our main entrees were too salty for us to enjoy. It didn't have a good balance of flavor. I also didn't finish my entree and I asked for it to-go, but when our check arrived, we didn't get our to-go portions. I wasn't impressed. I just left the place with salt in my mouth. The sauces for the fries were good but the fries were way too salty. Also, I am not the only one who thinks it was too salty. My friend did too, and this was the same comment made by other friends who ate here. So I am not sensitive to salt or anything.I wouldn't recommend people to go here - it's not that exciting. I don't know why there's so many good reviews on yelp...
Came here for a date and I was blown away.I had my reservations given that it's French food, and was wary that it would be a SUPER heavy meal. But the sauces on everything we ordered weren't heavy at all, and I didn't walk out feeling like a whale.Everything we ordered - fish, chicken, meats, fries - was cooked so perfectly. All crisp on the outside, and tender. The waiter was great about pairing the kind of white wines I wanted with my meal. The service in general was awesome, and I thought it was really cool how the chef came around every table from time to time. The place is pretty intimate AKA tight on space, but that sort of adds to the charm.Don't let the number of dollar signs rated on this place throw you off. For 2 of us, we ordered maybe like 5 plates of food overall, a couple glasses of wine, and we still spent around $100. Not bad at all.FYI parking is such a pain in the ass in this area, so either Uber over here or add in some time to your commute to look for parking.
Food orgasm alert! Order the french toast for dessert. Delicious toast covered in delicious salted caramel ice cream, delicious hazelnut sauce, and what I can only assume is some type of illegal substance given the way I've been craving it ever since. I know it doesn't sound as exciting as other things on the dessert menu, but for the sake of all that is holy, you need to try this french toast. Dinner for two cost me $132 before tip. We had two prix fixe menus, but with a few add ons that raised the price a little. If you were to order a la carte, an entree here costs $25-$37 and the magical french toast costs $9.50. The other high light of the night was the scallop and risotto. This was sadly a special for the night and not a regular menu item.
Wanted to take a friend somewhere special and yummy for his birthday and this has been one of the spots I wanted to try. You would think that French cuisine is super pricey, but this wasn't as pricey as most. I was definitely not disappointed in this place at all. First, the staff here is super friendly and helpful in helping you choose dishes.Second, the food didn't take that long to arrive at your table.Third, the food is exquisite and had a good portion of eachFourth, the price is totally worth it and doesn't hurt your wallet as much as I would think. My table we ordered the trio salmon, which melted in my mouth and the duck which wasn't dry at all. Next,we ordered the bouillabaisse which was the perfect portion of each seafood. The bread definitely added to the finishing touch for the soup. My friend ordered the duck, which was moist and delicious. For desserts, we ordered the French toast which was different than the breakfast French toast and super creamy with that yummy hazelnut cream. I ordered the chocolate rum cake which was perfect with the rum raisin ice cream. Everything was just perfect for the price. The place gets crowded and can get a little tight with tables close by, but honestly it did not bug me. Just be sure to make a reservation in advance. I got even lucky booking it 3 weeks I'm advance with few slots!
J'adore Chapeau! (okay...that was my one and only attempt at writing anything French in this review)I went here with my girlfriends and we did a mixture of the DAT (Dine About Town) menu and some things from the regular menu. Here is what we ordered:APPETIZERS:- Traditional Escargots De Bourgogne (very delish)- Trio of Salmon (did not enjoy this as much as I thought I would)- Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads (if you're looking for something yummy, BUT also different from your normal appetizers, then get this bad boy)ENTREES:- Filet Mignon (cooked PERFECTLY and the oyster mushrooms were the perfect compliment to this dish)- Wild Caught Skate Wing (GET THIS DISH!!!)- Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (the apple-calvado sauce was SO GOOD....I dipped my bread into it.....nuff said)DESSERTS:- Creme Brulee (delish as expected)- Basil Napolean (fruity, light and refreshing)- Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake (we loved the rum-raisin ice cream that came with it)- Chef's Choice (it was like a chocolate mousse, but there was this layer of crunchy goodness)WINE:The wine selection is out of control! We got two bottles and thoroughly enjoyed them both. They arrange the wines from light (on top) to VERY bold (on bottom) and this definitely helps with picking out wine!CONS:- Place is really cramped and crowded, but I guess this is typical in SF. I always felt like cups were going to be knocked over when someone left the table.- Service is a bit slow. We had to flag a few people down in order to get our second bottle of wine. We sat at 5:45PM and ordered at 6:00PM and did not leave the restaurant until close to 9:00PM. Don't be in a rush when you eat here!
It has been only about 2 hours since I left Chapeau and I felt compelled to write a review at 1 am on a saturday night/sunday morning. THAT should be a fat and clear indicator of just how awesome this place is.Service:I got out of the car and was walking across the street towards the restaurant. The hostess inside the establishment spotted me crossing the street heading towards the door and made sure to have the door open for me by the time I reached it. Who says chivalry is dead? (although she was technically female..)Our server was great!! He was super friendly, courteous, funny and wonderful. From the moment he stepped into our lives, to the moment we left, we could not stop laughing or smiling. He took pictures for us and even offered to take a picture for us OUTSIDE the restaurant for better lighting purposes. Talk about going "above and beyond". He was, in one word, fabulous.The chef went out of his way and made sure he introduced himself to every one of the people in the restaurant and made absolutely sure to bid Au Revoir to us when we left (when we were already outside, mind you). You can't get any more personable or courteous as that.Food:I don't know which was better the food or the service. Because, honestly, they were both ridiculously praise worthy. My friends and I ordered the prix fixe 3 course dinner menu and I HIGHLY recommend it. The portions were perfect (I couldn't even manage to finish everything) and the price was affordable to boot. The taste... well, do I even have to say it? I will. IT WAS PHENOMENAL. I will definitely be coming back here to try other things on the menu. I could not be more impressed with a restaurant.GO TO CHAPEAU, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!! Worth every penny and then some.
Took my bf here for his birthday dinner. After reading so many good reviews on yelp about this place, I was super excited to try this place out. Super cute french restaurant. Atmosphere and ambiance was dimly lit, making it feel real romantic. I called ahead to make reservations. When we arrived Sun night, it was pretty packed, so make sure to make reservations ahead of time! We choose the chef's choice off the prix fixed menu. Dishes were delicious, esp the filet mignon. The sauce over the steak was too die for! We ended the night with dessert. Waitress was very accommodating and let me substitute a diff dessert instead of getting two of the same desserts that came with the menu. That was sweet of her. They brought out my bf's dessert with a lit candle for his bday. Super satisfied with our dining experience here.
My husband and I came here on our wedding anniversary, and we are happy we did. We still refer to it as the best meal we've ever had. So french, so fun, and so fancy. I would eat (and let's be honest, drink) here every night if my wallet would let me!We started with the Escargots. It was my first time having french-prepared snail, and I wasn't sad about it! Really tender, not too big or too small, and full of yummy garlic and butter! Very reminiscent of garlic bread. If you have never had escargots, this is the place to try it.We also had the Trio of Salmon. This was a really creative dish; I have never had anything like it before! Please order it; there is just no way to describe it. It's got all the textures and flavors you'd want in a dish.We shared our entree (and they thoughtfully portioned out onto two plates with no share charge) - the skate wing in brown butter. Super savory, great texture on the fish, and even though it was shared, it was a good portion!At the end of our meal, the chef talked to us for about 15 minutes about working in French kitchens and managing a kitchen of his own. We loved that personal touch. We plan to return, despite the 1.5 hour drive, to introduce our friends to French food!
Establishment is not too big but has friendly staff and good service.They offered a wonderful and affordable prix fixe menu where you can create your own 3 course Menu: choice of appetizer, entre & dessert. Each dish was well-prepared and flavorful.
Excellent service and food in a relaxed, cozy atmosphere. I've always had a superb experience here from the waiters, Chef Phillipe personally greeting you and making sure everything is perfect, to the food being outstanding. This is high quality French food, but the price is appropriate and you don't have to be dressed super fancy to eat here. Business casual would be fine and I've gotten away with casual too, as in jeans and a decent blouse or top. Seating is intimate so you will be somewhat close to other people. Make reservations, especially for peak nights, but you can usually get a seat at the bar on off days like in the early to mid week for an early dinner.Favorites are the filet mignon, french toast dessert and the mussels. Honestly though, everything is delicious. You won't be disappointed!
I've eaten there several times over the years and it has definitely improved with age. Thankfully the seats are further apart now, but it is still noisy. The staff is exceptionally friendly and interactive, including several visits by the owner and chef. I had a few minor complaints - one is that after making an online reservation, they called the day before and asked me to call them back to confirm that I'd be there. That seems a bit self-important, and made me question whether the place was too pretentious for my casual dining plan. The other minor complaint was that the (paper print-out) menu does not list many of add-on specials that the server hurriedly recites table-side. Some are quite expensive ((over $100 for a Prime Rib special, for example), so it would be easy to order something impulsively that turns out to be rather pricey. And the prices here are definitely higher than similar restaurants, despite a very casual atmosphere. But the food?  DEE-LISH!
In San Fran for first time in 25 years, now a foodie and wine lover and French cuisine in particular. Wanted to find two good restaurants for the evenings I had available and Chapeau was very well reviewed here and the menu was the most enticing of the dozen or so options that came to me as recommendations by way of a local. One of my criteria was that the place was close enough to downtown that I would walk back to my hotel in the financial district after an early dinner and Chapeau looked to be about an hour walk, which is just about right. Summary: great food, great service, good wines, reasonably priced, and I'd definitely return. Traditional French dishes cooked and served by [some] French people.Details: First, let me mention that the chef came out of the kitchen periodically and greeted everyone he hadn't already greeted and expressed his appreciation for customers. He's personable and it was a very nice touch and came across as sincere. Second, let me mention that I got a waiter that is French, an older gentleman whose name I believe is Pascal, and he was a significant factor in the entire dining experience and I would definitely ask for him again if I'm able to return to San Francisco and Chapeau is still around. The menu: very traditional French options, this is not fusion or "inspired", it is solid French, just the way I like it. Though not on the menu online, I was overjoyed to find fois gras on the menu as a starter and so the only decision to make was the entre. I am partial to duck, particularly confit de canard, and Pascal recommended the Cassoulet de Toulouse. I should have listened to my instincts that were saying "too much food!" because every cassoulet I've ever ordered was enough for two persons - but alas, I didn't follow my instincts. The cassoulet was good, a very nice combination of sausages and duck confit with white beans of course. It could have used more herb flavors and it was a bit on the salty side but it was very good nonetheless and I enjoyed it enough to eat far beyond what was intelligent. Yes, I was telling myself "But you have an hour walk ahead to burn this off!" However, even an hour walk would not turn out to be enough, and with by the end of the entre I was unable to fathom dessert, which is a shame because the Alaskan is so highly reviewed. I must mention the wines: a wonderful Sauternes (they have several on the menu!) was paired with my fois gras and a reasonable Bordeaux was paired with my entre. The red was not fabulous but the wine list is good enough that were I to have been dining with a companion I would have gotten a bottle of something at the upper end, which were not too expensive.Lastly, for those so inclined, the walk back to downtown is a good one, taking California Avenue all the way. Good sights, very safe feeling, some ups and downs but nothing strenuous. Highly recommend it if you are there when the weather is reasonable. Enjoy!
The below 3 course meal will guarantee you a tummy-tastebud-satisfaction. I've tried other entrees and appetizers and have concluded with the following:Porcini Veal Sweetbreads - mushroom carrots turnips leeks laid out delectably lawning a sweet mother of goodness in the name of sweetbreads infused with veal.Wild Caught Skate Wing - a grenobloise sauce of capers, lemon, and browned butter cured to perfection...not too buttery, not too zesty, just right. Topped with non-soggy fingerling potatoes. Paired with a side of spinach. French Toast- salted caramel ice cream atop a fluffy toast floating on a creme hazelnut anglaise. Please, do yourself a favor and get this dessert!!!! I love dessert, but I love not-overly-sweet dessert even more! The anglaise is just semi sweet and is heaven together with the French toast and ice cream...puts you in a good-vibes-state-of-mind.Service can sometimes suck...their staff needs to be quicker and more attentive. Super busy regardless of the day of the week.
One of the best French restaurants my husband and I have been to! Order skate wing or fillet mignon with bone marrow and you will be deliciously impressed! The owner is sooo sweet: greets and hugs his guests as they come and go))
Came here after looking for a nice place for dinner. The food: amazing! Beautiful presentation and delicious. Service: the service was good but not excellent as you expect from this kind of restaurant. We felt that the service was a little bit rood but maybe it's the French style who knows. Price: pricy but the experience worth it. You should check this place for sure! A must in SF
With so many overwhelmingly positive Yelp reviews, we just had to try this place. When I made the reservation for a Saturday night only 3 days prior, I wasn't sure we would get a reasonable dinner time since I had already struck out with 3 other places. Our table was next to the bar on a high table with a foot rest all around the bench seats (pillows helped those with shorter legs still feel comfortable). This was a great location because we could people watch the entire restaurant and see outdoors too. They do not have valet service, so parking was a challenge.We opted for the 3 course meal, but decided to add raw oysters at the beginning (so really 4 courses). I have never eaten a raw oyster, but I was assured that it was properly prepared by my dining companions and cut up slightly to make it easier to eat. You could either add lemon or Red Wine Vinegar Mignonnette. Now I can say I tried them and will go back to eating cooked ones. Not to say they were bad, I ate 2, but could not eat any more.I had the Trio of Salmon which was delicious and I adored the mini potato puffs with the capers. I always ask the waiter what their favorite dish is and ordered the Bouillabaisse that I was initially reluctant to do because it's usually too messy to eat (I was assured it would not be and it was). It was very light tasting and had a thick creamy tomato base. Very good. And for dessert had the Baked Alaska for the first time and now I want to have it again.The chef came over at the beginning of dinner to say "Bon Jour" too.
I was initially kind of thrown off because there was an Asian hostess who greeted/seated us, and she was also the acting server for our table. I guess they were understaffed the evening we were there because the main chef was also the bartender. Nonetheless, the hostess/server was very knowledgeable about the food when we had questions and the chef came and greeted us personally. Although I could tell they were very busy wearing multiple hats this night, they did it effortlessly. Well done w/ excellent customer service!Food was amazing. Their escargot was done right to mask the gamy texture that I was initially expecting (mainly because I've never tasted a snail before and this was going to be my first). The Salmon Trio appetizer dish was my absolute favorite. The salmon was fresh and the citrus flavor was not overpowering at all where it makes you squint when you take a bite. My next favorite dish was their Tasting Fish dish of the day--Pan Seared Scallop w/ Pesto Risotto. The scallop itself had a perfect amount of saltiness and even had a crunchy outer layer. The next dish that was a must-have was their Sauted Striped Bass & Braised Oxtail. There weren't a lot of Oxtail meat in my dish as much as there were fish, but the Sauted Striped Bass was crispy on the outside and freshly steamed on the inside. My favorite desserts were Profiteroles, warm Chocolate Molten Lava cake a la mode, and their French Toast.
The owner is very nice and friendly - he pleasantly greeted us at the door with a handshake and hosted us as if we were family. We were escorted to a gorgeous table and welcomed with anchovy puffed pastry, so delicious! The wine, the food, the service, everything was just incredible. Would love to go back soon. We didn't have room for dessert, but have heard that The French Toast is to die for.
"Without the '!', chapeau simply means 'hat'. With the '!', chapeau! Means 'wow!'"Tuesday night marked the second time I've dined at Chapeau. Though we came here for Dine About Town, only half of us participated. I chose to order off their regular menu.RESERVATIONS:Chapeau is a bit on the smaller side. It does get a little busy (and a bit on the loud side) so to secure yourself a table, make a reservation. If you arrive a bit early for your reservation, there is a full bar.FOOD:*Traditional French Onion Soup - Delicious and savory. The soup had a perfect balance of bread, onions, and a heavy layer of cheese. Though the soup doesn't look like a large serving, the ingredients make the dish a bit heavy so share the soup if you can. *Escargot de Bourgogne (6 pieces) - Yum, a must get! The snails are marinated and baked with butter, parsley and garlic. Extremely flavorful but be careful when it comes out, the dish is piping hot.*Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin - The pork was tender, though one piece was more tender than the other. However though I saw the bacon, I didn't taste the bacon. The pear sauce (I think?) had a nice sweet, caramel like taste to it.*Vanilla Bean Crme Brulee - Delicious and was a perfect end to the meal. The dessert is big enough for two to share. The custard has a nice vanilla taste and isn't too sweet and the top layer had a nice sweet crunch.SERVICE:Service is great. Our waiter periodically checked up on us without being overbearing. What was nice was the chef walking over to each table to say his hellos and check to make sure the food was to our liking. Upon leaving the restaurant, he ran out to say goodbye and to make sure we enjoyed our meal. My only small gripe is that there wasn't a host to greet us. We walked in and stood there for a few minutes before we were noticed and checked in.PARKING:Street parking which is sometimes a bit difficult.
With 4.5 stars I had stellar expectations - but was terribly disappointed by weird service and mediocre food. They forgot to bring out the food they said they would box up. The food was eh - nothing special - duck was over salted and over cooked. The chocolate cake was over cooked and grainy in texture. I think those who love this restaurant are just underwhelmed by other French restaurants in the area and are wow'd because they've never had better.
Awesome food. It's not the cheapest, but you get your money's worth!
UPDATE: Exwife now.So I took my wife to celebrate her birthday yesterday. We walked up to the restaurant, and it looked somewhat shaggy. It wasn't ugly but it wasn't nice either. As I opened the door, the host immediately greeted us and took us to our table. As soon as we sit down, the waiter came with his French accent and instantly asked what type of drinks we wanted. Added the realism of French cuisine to the restaurant. We ordered our foods. 1 by 1 the food glided on our table. Delicious food after delicious food...were definitely treats. Thoroughly enjoyed the food, and service was magnificent. Luckily, Wednesday night wasn't crowded, which we had plenty of space and we came early to CAs standards (630pm). Rating:Food: 4Service: 5Price: 3Overall: 4If i had to pick, i would had picked Bistro Jeanty. For the price, service, and food, the restaurant was amazing. Overall though, we had a great time at Chapeau.
Great French onion soup, one of the best I've ever had outside of Paris. Their filet mignon with bone marrow was also an absolute must have. Great service and staff. I've been here two years ago and it's still a hands down a 5star French restaurant.
They know what a Kir is and most the help is French, two pluses.The amuse bouche was tasty, the brie tart was wonderful and their french toast is to die for. The Frites with the mussels were the star of that dish. Now the ugly...I am a cassoulet junkie, and it was a complete miss in my book. The beans were not creamy, definitely not of the Tobais variety, not even like a Northern White, very run of the mill and mealy. The confit was acceptable and the odd ball lamb cake was just weird with the Toulouse sausage. The sausage seem authentic enough although I prefer Olivier's. The dish just didn't bind, unfortunately that is what I judge homey French cooking by. Although my partner's Filet almost made up for it, with the tasty mushrooms. Its worth another try but steer clear of the cassoulet. I may be back.
I came in one night for dinner in a party of 3 and we were seated at the bar since we didn't have a reservation. The atmosphere is definitely not as intimate or formal at the bar, but the bartender provided impeccable service and everything was...neat and precise in all aspects. If you had any qualms that service would not be top notch at the bar, cease your worries. My only complaint was that I couldn't lean back for the 2+ hours we were there.  I ordered the mesclun salad as appetizer and the sauteed striped bass and braised oxtail for the main. While waiting, we were served a complimentary cauliflower soup with truffle oil. Sweet relief for hungry stomachs; smooth, creamy, and the truffle was bold. There was also complimentary bread. The mesclun salad came out in a large plate. Good thing I shared half with my friend. Unique take on salad, lovely flavors coming from pistachios and the sweetest grapes I've had in a while. The fried camembert on the side brought in even more texture with its crunchy exterior. I also liked that the cheese wasn't mixed in, giving me a little control and experimentation over the flavors of the salad. I don't remember being so satisfied by a salad in a restaurant in a long time.It took some waiting between appetizer and entree. The top layer of my entree was lukewarm but still piping hot inside, so not sure if our entrees had been sitting for a bit before being served. Nevertheless, my striped bass and oxtail entree was delicious; I finished every morsel. Perfectly sauteed fish stacked over shredded tender oxtail on a bed of creamy mashed potatoes surrounded by a moat of sauce. No bones to pick through! The sauce was on the salty side though. Decided to have dessert to finish off the meal and selected the nuage de noix. I'm not really a fan of nuts, but this dessert had such an interesting marriage of textures and flavors. I especially loved the orange soup which provided such a stark tart contrast to the sweet frozen chantilly and meringue. Oh yes, nothing left on the plate either when I was done. What a pleasant and charming dining experience! The chef also made a round through the house to greet everybody and shake every single person's hands. Upon our departure, he even gave us hugs and goodbye kisses like dear friends.  Chapeau hits the mark!
Came here with a friend on the first day of restaurant week...Parking was fairly easy to find on a Wednesday night.... Clement St on the weekends....good luck on finding parking! Walk in and there were curtains surround the entrance area...which is good because that blocks out the wind when someone opens the door. This is a fairly small restaurant and the tables are pretty close to each other. The place is fairly loud as well... I find myself raising my voice a few time to have my friend hear what I was saying.... Now on to the food...Dine About Town - 3 course for $36.951st course - Creamy Roasted Chestnut Soup - ....mmmmm Yums all the way down to the last drop... The soup has the right amount of cream and truffle oil! I am a big fan of truffle oil and it went very well with this soup. I had a bit of my friend's Trio of Salmon and it has a really refreshing taste...another Yums...2nd course - Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin - The pork was cooked med and was pretty juicy, but it wasn't as tender as I like. Tasted was good...but not great. The pork was laid on top of parsnip puree and kale... the parsnip puree was pretty sweet. If they could of tone down the sweetness on that, it would of been much better. Overall, this dish was good...but not great... 3rd course - Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee - Yums... I had better creme brulee, but this one was pretty good too. I love my desserts, but I like them not as sweet. This was on the sweeter side for me. If it wasn't as sweet, it would of probably compared to the better creme brulees I've had. Will definitely come back here to try other items.... like the huge Rib Eye steak we saw.... that looks delicious!
I loved the bread served at this place! I ordered the 3 course menu, for appetizer I had duck salad, entree the cod, and for dessert the alaska (coffee ice-cream). The fish was good, everything else was just okay. I would go again to try something else on the menu.
A while back, I had a dinner outing at one of the restaurant in SF. During my dinner, an old couple suggested that I gave Chapeau! a visit. Thanks to their recommendation, this place was amazing.We ordered:- Traditional Escargots de Bourgognein Butter, Parsley & Garlic = delicious escargots!- Trio of Salmon = refreshing tartar with Crme Frache.- Scallop with pesto risotto and lobster bisque = amazing pesto risotto. Flavorful texture.- Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast = medium rare duck breast was tender and moist. The truffle polenta was amazing with the duck breast.- Bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with rich polenta puree and braised chard = love bacon in general! Nicely cooked pork tenderloin!- Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake, Banana Flambe and Rum-Raisin Ice Cream, Caramel Sauce = devoured this within second. warm chocolate cake definitely hit the spot. - Lemon tart = simple but nothing special about it.My expectation for this place blew my mind. Would love to come back to try their other entree. It was a wonderful experience and well worth dining splurged.
Love:- Chef Philippe: Very warm and friendly chef with a cute French accent. He made us feel welcome instantly - Wild Caught Skate Wings: My favorite dish! The fish was cooked perfectly. Tender and juicy. I could have that dish everyday- Trio of Salmon- Onion Soup- Apple TartLike:- Escargot- Fourme d'Ambert Tart- Creme Brulee- Profiteroles- French Toast
Two visits to the restaurant a few weeks apart and two very different experiences. The first we were greeted warmly by Philippe and although service took a while since it was a busy night, the server was very attentive and took great care of us. The food was spectacular. I was so happy I decided to come back for a special event. We were greeted and seated but after that the experience wasn't the same. Philippe wasn't there that evening. The server (a different person this time) didn't quite catch on to what we would like when it came to drinks. The food was still great. But there were no candles, no celebratory nothings. We asked to pack leftovers to take back home but the next day i see that they had left a dish out.Overall the food is great (rich but tasty, will warrant a trip to the gym) but go when Philippe is present. Everything seems to run much more smoothly when he's there.
I don't really like the food and looks kinda messy!! The steak was alright and I like the dessert!
Took a nice little date night here at our local french joint. Perfect evening.
Was an amazing dining experience. The second we stepped in the door, the chef came out to greet both my girlfriend and I to wish us a good night. That alone set the tone for the rest of the night which was nothing short of spectacular. I had the filet mignon with bone marrow-- it was cooked to perfection and was easily the best steak i've ever had in my life. The french toast dessert was also amazing(as in -- GET THE FRENCH TOAST!!)Don't show up underdressed, its a nice place! Very reasonably priced for the experience, would come back again
Had the Baked Alaska from them and it was great! we ordered 4 of them to have a dessert at the bar!
High expectations. Big disappointment. This was our tenth visit on a Wednesday night. The charming owner was not there and the service was spotty . We ordered the evening special. prime rib on the bone for two.$44 per person. BIG MISTAKE. Tough, fatty and very unappetizing . We had ordered half rare and half well done. We were assured it would be perfect. WRONG.  Otherwise our meals for the four of us were satisfactory.  We must compliment the bartender for excellent mixed drinks .
The food and experience at Chapeau is worth the price. I loved how most of the waiters spoke French--it literally took me back to my last time in Paris. My fianc and I enjoyed the coeur de boeuf for two with potatoes au gratin. Too bad my iPhone ran out of memory, otherwise I'd have a killer photo to share of how delicious it looked.If you're looking for a very nice restaurant for a date with your honey, this is the place. And then it's nice to walk around Clement Street afterwards.
We have been loyal fans of Chapeau! for years. But it has been light years since our last visit. Would Chapeau! stand the test of time and hold onto it's five star rating?Well lets see.1. Friendly staff who genuinely are happy to see you. Owner/Chef Chef Philippe and his lovely wife making the rounds and personally greet each customer and making sure everything is to your liking.2. Food. An ever changing menu that offers many of your favorite French classics, but for those of you who are creature of habits Chapeau! keeps a few of your favorites just because they know you like them.3. An award winning wine list that offers excellent bottles even at lower price points. If you love French wine (which we do), you will not find any shortage of outstanding old world wine. 4. Fully stocked bar. What more can I add here?5. Sinful tasty dessert options. If you happen to see Baked Alaska offered I highly suggest you try it.5. Cheese? Not a huge selection, but it's certainly well thought out and the staff will help choose the perfect wine to complement your choice(s).All of the above were knocked out of the park home runs.Parking in the area isn't impossible, but for those times when the parking Gods are not on your side Chapeau! does offer valet parking.
I been waiting so long to write a review. This is a great place to bring someone for an anniversary or something very intimate. The atmosphere is really classy and mellow . I brought my Wife here on one of our many San Francesco's escapades. She was so impressed by the food and the service. This is a must try restaurant while visiting San Francisco. The prices can vary but its worth every penny.
Such a romantic French restaurant in the Richmond district! I came here with some friends two years ago for her birthday. We were a large group so we basically did the prix fixed dinner. I remember not being full from just having an appetizer and entree because I ate A LOT of bread that night, but I already expect French places to have small portions. Regardless, I enjoyed the food. That was a looooooong time ago but I came again recently with my boyfriend. We originally planned to do the early bird special and arrive before 6pm. We would have gotten an entree, appetizer, and dessert for $28 each if we did. So much more worth it even though your choices are limited! We ended up doing the $38 prix fixed menu for an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I loved everything!Try to make reservations ahead of time so you get an actual table! We sat at the bar but we didn't mind it. The bartender was friendly. I can't wait for my next date here with my boyfriend =)
Fantastic French restaurant with great food and even better service. Can't say enough about this place. French bread check. Authentic French vibes (tables close to each other) check. Got the scallops appetizer as an entree with the basil risotto which was so good. Ended the meal with the French Toast- buttery, sweet and the perfect ending to a perfect meal.
I have fond memory of first time here, 10 years ago, high school friend took me here. He said we were having a casual dinner. Casual what?! I sure found out when I arrived and stepped into this nice place. Jeans and tshirt? Noooo. I also did not have enough $ in my pocket that nite to pay for my portion of dinner. He spotted me. Now why would you not tell a girl you were planning such a type of dinner?! A girl's gotta prepare!lol jk.Came back this year. For anniversary this time. Staff is superb/attentive. Apetizer and desserts were my favorite part. ALL DESSERTS are unique and yummmmmmmmmmy
Excellent French food with fantastic service.  The foie gras, fillet and the scallops are the best!
I made reservations for 2 at 8:30 pm on a Friday night, but due to the extreme difficulty of finding parking in the Richmond area, we were running late. When we arrived at 8:45 pm ( I had called them to let them know in advance we were running late) the host was very accommodating and friendly. It was a full house, but he suggested we ordered drinks at the bar while we waited. He walked back several times to make sure we were okay and to assure us that a table was being prepared for us. A man presumably the owner greeted us with handshakes and conversed with us as if we were old friends.At the beginning of the meal, we were served with complementary sample sized cauliflower soup- extremely delicious. The aromatic taste of pureed cauliflowers and creamy soup was delectable.For our dinner, we ordered half a dozen oysters, french onion soup, Filet Mignon with bone marrow, and Poached Alaskan Halibut in Mussel Sauce.Oysters- For $3 an oyster, I was expecting MORE, literally. The oysters we got were extremely small, 2 of them were almost nonexistent. Just the black tips of the oyster and some goo on the shell. However, they were very fresh and completely sand free. It would just have been nicer to actually have a decent sized oyster for 3 bucks a pop.French Onion Soup- Served on a hot clay ladle, extremely hot & cheesy & onion-y. In more simple terms, it was mouth watering- scrumptious. Filet Mignon with bone marrow- Filet Mignon was tender and seasoned well, the bone marrow was very fatty and exploding with flavor. Alaskan Halibut with Mussel Sauce- Halibut was seared to perfection, crispy outer layer, but supple inside. The sauce was amazing and complemented the fish very well.Both entrees seemed to be on the smaller portion sized (served on a BIG PLATE), but neither of us could finish our meal. So in retrospect, though it may have appeared small, it's more than enough. At the end of the meal, our waiter was very kind in bringing dessert with a candle to my boyfriend for his birthday. I had let him know the occasion and he surprised us with the kind gesture. Overall, the meal was delicious, but indubitably, the superb customer service was what made this a fine dining experience.
My wife and I had foie, veal sweetbread with mushrooms and truffle, and duck breasts. For dessert we shared creme brulee and baked Alaska. Everything was so great that it is difficult to me to choose the best dish. The service was very kind and efficient as well. The environment is nice and warm, despite the tables are small and very close to each other. Overall, we had a great experience.The check was $100 ($50 per person) including two glasses of wine and before tip.
Took my mama here for her birthday! We booked reservations around 5:45pm and the place was already pretty packed already. From 5-6pm they have a separate 3 course meal for "early bird" price. After 6pm they have their regular 3 or 4 course meals. Prices ranges from $46 to $72 a person, but with appetizer, entree, and dessert? STEAL.I ordered the 3 course meal and a few oysters. (Oysters were just avg) Appetizer: Started off with the escargots (tons of garlic) It was not badEntree: Duck breast (crispy and flavorful)Dessert: basil napoleon which I was in love of the mango puree pudding! Definitely a great place to bring a date too!
Been there 3 times in the last 3 months and there is a good reason for that: This is possibly the best mid priced restaurant in the city, with quality and taste bordering on the Gary Danko, La folie and such... and YES I've been there.Everything I ate at Chapeau was fresh, tasty, original, sophisticated and complex... while still light. So I won't comment on the dishes although a special mention should go to the hazelnut creamy-icy dessert with a light orange sauce: it is to die for!Make sure to talk to Philippe the Chef. In fact he will most likely roam to your table to get your feedback and tell you about his craft. He is really passionate even a poet of cuisine!Now I am French myself, raised in Paris, moved to Lyon for studying and later worked in Toulouse. Possibly the 3 best cities in France for food. My wife is a concierge at one of the big hotels in SF and we dine out regularly... so we are real foodies.5 stars for the food, 5 stars for service, and 5 stars for the price/quality ratio. In fact if you know of anything in that price range in San Francisco (or even northern CA, let me know!).This being said, please, please don't go. I still want to be able to get a table and remind my taste buds of France while living in SF, one of the top places on earth (even with the earthquakes)! The memory of the hazelnuts is surely going to drive me there very soon.
As everyone else says, this place is all around awesome. Do yourself a favor and go already. Make sure to talk to Philippe. He's a great host and passionate about the food he makes. He runs a well oiled machine.
I'd like to give 3.5 stars. Very friendly staff and we enjoyed our food but thought it was good, not great.
Went here on dine-about-town after seeing all of the great reviews. It was good, but we weren't particularly impressed. The escargot was pretty good, the seared foie gras was really amazing, skate wing was pretty good but I would have hoped they had more complex flavors, I was pretty disappointed in the duck, I was expecting the skin to be crisped up a bit, but it was soggy. The profiteroles were dry and the creme brulee crust wasn't a crust at all. It's not creme brulee without a nice crust to crack with your spoon.Generally just disappointing compared to the hype.
Service = 5 starsFood = 3 starsPretty standard French fare. French onion soup is about the same wherever you go. The bass was on the salty side. Parking was a bit of a hassle to negotiate on the busy street. The waiters were friendly, especially in explaining the intricacies of the menu to us.
Staffs are wonderful here; the host gave me a kiss on the cheek! Food is good but not wow; I ordered the escargot (~$10), french onion soup (~$9), duck breast (~$29) and the cream brle (~$7).Escargot - inexpensive, consider pretty good in SF standard. French Onion Soup - not salty but not special either.Duck Breast - I personally think the duck tasted delicious; however I don't really like the side mashed potato, it's very dry. And the sauce is a bit salty to my taste. Cream Brle - nothing special, really!Side note - I am not happy with my table. I was sitting right in front of the kitchen and the table space was so tight that the waiters constantly bumped into me and my chair during my entire meal. I also can see the garbage can located inside the kitchen from where I sit, my view is def not great at all.
What can I say. I found this gem of a restaurant a few years ago when planning a birthday dinner for my wife. We absolutely loved the smaller European style restaurant. The service is really what sets this place apart from other places. We have been fortunate enough to dine at many high end establishments. We still come back as often as we can. You just simply cannot beat this place. Lets start with the wait staff. Very attentive to your needs. I love how the owner comes by and makes you feel welcome. From the time you come in to the time you depart you feel very welcome. The waiters (different ones on all occasions) have made fantastic recommendations on food and wine. We try and enjoy something new every time we go. Brush up on a few french phrases and your time spent here will be that much better. Really makes me feel as though I'm back in europe. The food is the centerpiece as it always should be. Tons of flavor. Perfectly cooked every time. We have had quite a few things off the menu over the years. Every time same result. In the end quality service and consistency in food is what keeps us going back. Even if it is a 50 min drive. Try them out you will not be disapointed.
I had no idea that I would end up dining here on a casual date night, but boy, it was an experience to remember!I came here on a Sunday night - "J" booked a 9pm reservation a few hours prior with no problem. When we arrived, we were greeted by none other than Executive Chef Philippe himself (although I did not know who he was at that time!). With a welcoming smile and handshake, he immediately escorted us to our table. After a server came to explain to us how the menu worked, we decided to order "Menu 2," which was the 4-course menu.*FOOD*I ordered the French onion soup (appetizer), scallop with basil risotto (tasting fish), filet mignon (entree), and french toast w/ salted caramel ice cream (dessert). We also got complimentary dishes (which I will mention in the "Service" section below)! To start off, the soup was perfect! The scallop dish was simply exquisite, especially the risotto which I am obsessed about (it wasn't too creamy nor too dry). I pretty much had to hold back tears at that point, hah! I do wish the dish consisted of more than one scallop, though. As for the filet mignon, although the meat came out to be medium rare as requested, it was slightly chewy and not as tender as other filet mignons I've had where the meat easily sliced away with a knife. It wasn't anything bad, but it was not the best piece of filet mignon I've had - the potato and mushroom accompaniment were very good though! As for dessert, it was the best French toast I've ever had (and what they recommended too)! The salted caramel ice cream that came with the toast really balanced out the taste of the French toast and although the dessert sounds super sweet, it really wasn't overwhelmingly sweet at all!"J" pretty much had the same courses as me, except for his trio of salmon (appetizer) and trio of sorbet (dessert). The trio of salmon was delicious and a must-have if you like raw fish. The trio of sorbet was nothing special so I suggest choosing another dessert that's more worthwhile.*DECOR/AMBIANCE*The restaurant itself is rather small and the decor is nothing spectacular, but if you want a place where you can have a quiet conversation with someone, this might not be the place. It was actually quite loud in the restaurant seeing how each table/group is only about a foot or two away from each other. We fortunately sat next to a very nice man who was dining alone and had a lovely conversation about the food with him. (= The couple who sat to our other side, however... they would not STOP MAKING OUT IN FRONT OF EVERYONE. I tried so hard not to throw up my precious food that was happily sitting in my stomach. I've never seen anyone PDA to this extent at an upscale restaurant. Even the group next to them whispered among themselves about it. So as a side note to the couple who sat at the corner back table on 11/23: please get yourselves a room far, far away from here.*PRICE*A little over $50 for a high-quality 4-course meal? What more do you want?!*SERVICE*The service here is what really shined the most on top of its excellent dishes. As I mentioned earlier, I initially didn't know that the man who escorted us to our table was in fact the main chef of the restaurant. That alone says a lot about the restaurant, when the main chef performs "normal" duties like other staff members. I finally realized who he was when he stopped by our table after we ordered to talk about his new "fake" foie gras creation, which he explained with such passion and charisma and in which he was very proud of! Surprisingly, after the convo, Philippe went into the kitchen and brought out complimentary faux foie gras for us to try (it was so smooth and tasty)! Another reason why I think the service here was excellent is because no matter how late you stay to finish your meal, you never feel rushed to leave nor do they forcefully try to make you leave. We arrived at 9pm and did not leave the restaurant until a bit after 11:30pm even though the restaurant officially closed at 10pm. While we were enjoying our desserts well after 10pm, Philippe came by our table once again to check up on us and then as he walked away from us, he shouted towards the kitchen something in French and a few minutes later, out came another dessert dish which were "compliments from the chef"! All of the other staff members were courteous and on-point when it came to refilling water, etc. (someone even came by to fold my napkin at the table when I went to the restroom). As we were about to leave the restaurant, Philippe stopped us at the bar area and cheerfully "demanded" that we give him hugs and kisses (first time I ever kissed a chef on the cheek! Oh, the French!). My only regret is that we didn't take a picture with him - he is so passionate about food and so down-to-earth, and his laugh is absolutely contagious! Thank you for everything, Philippe!This is my new favorite French restaurant! I definitely will be coming back. (=
Rude hostess... I called to ask for a table away from the kitchen as I'm newly pregnant and strong smells bother me, and also I would be celebrating my 2 year anniv with them as well as celebrating that we just found out we were going to have a baby. She said they'd try to save a booth for me, which I understand they are small and busy. However as I was asking her another question, so said ok bye, and promptly hung up on me.We watched the couple next to us be brought a desert on the house for their anniv with a candle and everything...so when they asked if we wanted a desert we figured ok they are asking us and will also bring us a happy anniv desert...but nope nothing extra and they actually charged us for the desert! Also they over charged us for our meal and I had to have the bill adjusted. Our night was ruined by cold food and delay in getting the 2 entres. I was finished by the time my partners food came. What was soppused to be a HAPPY and romantic evening left us feeling like we were second rate citizens. Such a shame!! I will never EVER go back and have told all of my friends and family to avoid this place.Thanks for ruining the rest of our evening and making me cry!
Oui oui! I've been wanting to try this restaurant since over a year ago when someone recommended it to me as one of her favorite restaurants in SF. Well, that's a pretty tall order. Tried to make reservations here back in February for Valentine's Day, but they were completely packed! So the sweetie that my bf is, he remembered I wanted to try this place and booked it as a random surprise for me. Lesson learned: make a reservation in advance!!You can order a la carte or from their "Menu options." Meaning either a 3 or 4 or 5 course meal. And the nice thing is, both people do NOT have to do the same option, whereas some places will dictate that you need to. So I got a 3 course ~$40 (choose your own appetizer, entry, dessert) and my bf got the 4 course ~$50, which included a tasting fish. Some options you may have to add a few extra dollars for that choice.For appetizers, we got the trio of salmon and the corn soup. The salmon trio was yum!! And very pretty. I love fried capers too. Now, the bf picked the corn soup because there the word "giant prawn" in the description, but really...there was only one giant prawn and the rest was corn soup. HAHA...howeverrrr....I thought the soup was absolutely delicious! I love creamy corn soups and this was just the right consistency and sweetness. He was upset there was only one prawn hahaThe tasting fish was a sort of scallop dish. TBH, I couldn't understand the thick French accent of our waiter for the life of me. All I heard were the words "scallop" and "mango"...which is a weird combination. But this scallop looked kind of like it was deconstructed and flattened. Topped with mango cubes, parsnips, some crunchy nut (maybe hazelnuts...) SOUNDS WEIRD I KNOW. You just had to try it. It was pretty damn good.Entrees, we got the roasted duck breast and Cassoulet de Toulouse--which had canellini beans, lamb shoulder, duck leg confit, garlic & toulouse sausage. Roasted duck breast was really tender, the veggies and polenta with it were good...I thought it was better than the one we had at Redd in Napa. Food was solid, wasn't super blown away, but you can tell they definitely put a lot of thought into the food and I enjoyed it.Desserts: baked alaska (yummy rum cake with espresso ice cream and tahitian vanilla creme brulee...both were solid.Honestly, I might be okay with just ordering off the menu, but it was a great experience and I would be down to try more things here. But mostly, the ambiance was great and service was excellent as you could expect from French dining. The poor waitress must have thought my bf was a fish because he drank so much water, but she just kept on refilling without a word and without fail. We also got a cozy seat for two in the back booth and we were more than half an hour late for our reservation due to stupid new Bay Bridge traffic, but they called us and held the spot.The executive chef, Phillipe, came to offer us the dessert menu and I saw him doing wine pairings for most people. He also wouldn't let me leave without a few pecks on the cheek. Literally...he stuck out his arm to block my pathway as he was talking to other guests to say goodbye to me before I left. Bisou bisou! Hope to come back another time! :)
Thought of this place to be OUTSTANDING! Due to the great reviews and rating it got but I just dont think it was superb enough to have 5 stars. The food was good, service was excellent, friendly staff.What got me was how small and compact the area was, I know San Fran is tight on space and what not but I felt like there was no room to maneuver especially the bar area since there is a small wall thats right behind you. Waiting area is small, none really just an area to check in for your reservation and then you have to go outside and sit on a bench.The seats we were sitting on had bread crumbs all over.What made me disgusted was the restroom. When arriving to use the restroom it was unpleasant, had piss stains all over the toilet and floor, paper towels were over flowing the trash bin. Someone definitely needs to keep that area clean and maintained ever so often or else you will have an outbreak of diseases.Just dont think this place is worth the price of what your getting.
Went in for Dine About Town (and missed Matt Cain's perfect game, DAMMIT!) but ended up ordering off the regular menu.amuse bouche of curry cauliflower soup - it came out served in a tea cup (cute touch) and had the perfect balance of curry and bitter from the cruciferous cauliflower.seared foie gras with apple gastrique - beautiful.French onion soup - pretty large serving in my opinion but this was really good. French onion soup can be complicated sometimes. It takes awhile to make, and it takes the right cheese and the right bread.seared dayboat scallops with pesto curry risotto and lobster sauce - pretty good. rack of lamb with ratatouille - LOVED. didn't care for the polenta underneath the ratatouille though. Although I had an excellent meal... I really can't love Chapeau! 100% I'm sorry but the noise level and dining tables within such close proximity of each other is not for me.I miss Clementine. Don't get me wrong. I like Chapeau! well enough, but I don't enjoy sitting elbow to elbow with uncouth idiots. Unfortunately for me, I was stuck next to a moron who was CHEWING GUM WITH HIS MOUTH WIDE OPEN SMACKING HIS LIPS DURING HIS ENTIRE MEAL talking out of his ass in Cantonese with his date. His date had her purse totally on my seat and didn't even bother to move it closer toward her when I sat down so I pushed it over. Who the hell chews gum while eating!? Thankfully those idiots were doing DAT and I they were one course ahead of my friend and I so they were leaving before we were. Toward the end of their meal, the girl flat out pointed at my plate (no shame, no shame) and said she didn't like her meal and would prefer mine. That jerk had the nerve to scoff and tell her to ask me for some then. I looked up and gave him my look of death stare.I miss the quietness of Clementine, seriously.
I'm giving this a 5 because it is a French restaurant with the most interesting dishes I have eaten to date. I'm really tired of French bistros with a plethora of steak and fry combinations (*ahem* Mon Ami Gabi) and/or just food that tastes so plain. I knew that couldn't be all that French cuisine was about. Additionally, the prices are really good for what you're getting. For appetizer, I had the foie gras ($18) layered on top of special bread and came with some sliced apples, greens, and sauce. Forgive my pathetic description but I was delighted to taste just how fatty the foie gras. The portion was perfect for two people to enjoy but not be overwhelmed by the heaviness the liver.The menu online seems to be a bit outdated so if you're really curious, I'd give the restaurant a call to see what they have. I ended up getting the rabbit leg stuffed with spinach and came with thumbelina carrots, seasoned grains, and a plum ($28). It felt like the French interpretation of an American Thanksgiving dinner. I really enjoyed how the rabbit was cooked and the overall balance of flavors.My man's dish was the rack of lamb special and at $37, it's more expensive than the entrees on the menu but this is so worth it! The portion is generous and they give you about 4 pieces of lamb in addition to ratatouille and a side dish of potatoes au gratin. The ratatouille was so amazing because the zucchini was cooked perfectly (I always overcook zucchini on accident so I appreciate this). I've had homemade ratatouille before from a French person and wondered why people were so fond of this bland dish but Chapeau makes me a believer. Who knew vegetables could be so good? The potatoes au gratin is loaded with garlic and comes in a dish with a diameter of 5" so it's a lot. This was a really hearty but flavor intense dish.I don't know how long the Baked Alaska dessert has been on their menu but it seems to be making a comeback from the '70s when my dad worked in the restaurant business and this was a popular dessert. It's rum cake topped with a strong coffee ice cream and topped with Italian meringue. The entire thing is sitting in a thin pool of chocolate with uniquely crunchy almond slices. I really liked this except I was surprised at how sweet it was. A little salt somewhere in here could go a long way.Attire is really what you want. Of course you want to look put together but I saw a mix of guys wearing a formal jacket and dress shirt to guys wearing jeans and t-shirts. Just make sure it's clean and nobody will really care. I like that Chapeau can be a really special place but also casual and comfortable. Like many people say, the tables are close together so I hope you like eavesdropping and being eavesdropped on. We were about 15-20 minutes late for our reservation and they were accommodating although they said the table would be gone if we were late 30 minutes. Keep that in mind!
I came here to propose to my fiancee. The decor was cozy and intimate. The staff was super helpful and discreet. Chef Phillipe was a great host and had a toast with us (on the house, no less). The menu had great variety. I had the cod and ox tail, both were very well cooked. Best of all, for French cuisine that pricing is amazing in terms of price-performance (I'd gladly pay more)Overall, a very magical night for me.
It had been great except tonight our server was probably mad he had to work New Year holiday.. Unnecessary attitude!
Best French I have had in years. Food was spot on and the wines interesting. The owner Pascal raises the bar of entertainment and makes it a personal experience. We are coming back soon.
Look at the ratings on this place! Would you look at the ratings?Impressive, right? And that's exactly why I chose this place for Dine About Town. Except, I wasn't entirely impressed. Maybe it was the high expectations, maybe it was the built-up excitement, but I've had better French food. The service though: magnifique! I mean, we got French kisses from the waiter AND the chef--wait, I mean those cheek-to-cheek European kisses, not like tong---nevermind, perv.My best friend and I decided to go with the Dine About Town menu, rather than the a la carte (and the cheaper: Early Bird) menu. Here's a rundown:AMUSE BOUCHE:Curry cauliflower soup with truffle oil. Delicious, not too heavy on the curry, not too oily. Just tasty, tasty soup.APPETIZERS:I got: the salt cod brandade: HOLY SALT BALLS! A *very* salty (and oily) emulsion of fish, mashed potatoes, and oil in a cute, Le Creuset mini casserole dish.She got: the trio of salmon: a refreshing, delicious dish with (1) Gravlax (raw salmon) wrapped around (2) salmon tartare, and (3) caviar with creme fraiche, herbs, and a lemon dressing. Delicious. She also got: the foie gras. I'm not a huge foie gras person, but she said it was "pretty good, pretty good." In other words, nothing to write home about.ENTREES:I got: the salmon dish that came with some cooked tomato, corn, green beans, and, um, chips. Yep, chips. Sounds silly, but they were SO good and went well with each bite. (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS)She got: the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin, with parsnip pure, shaved Brussels sprouts, and an apple-calvados sauce. I'm not a pork kinda gal, but this dish was DUH-LISH. (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS)DESSERT:I got: the Nuage de Noix, a frozen whipped cream concoction with roasted pistachios that had a hazelnut crumble on top. It was sitting in a pool of orange cream and slivered oranges. Interesting and tasty, but not as good as what she got. (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS)She got: the profiteroles, pastry puffs split in two and filled with vanilla ice cream, and DOUSED with melted milk chocolate. There were these surprise bites of candied slivered almonds that were excellent. The entire dish was heavenly. (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS)We split a bottle of the 2010 Crozes-Hermitage. It was very light at first, but after letting the bottle "breathe" (I know, it sounds silly), it really opened up and the flavors became a bit bolder.With tax and a generous tip (what? They KISSED us!), the bill came out to about $100 per person. Pricey? Yes. Worth it? Ehhhh, maybe if we'd gotten real French kisses...KIDDING! ...kinda.
I have a man crush on Chef Philippe. The man sure can cook and he is so passionate about his craft that you can't help but admire him. His personality is infectious as he walks the restaurant floor checking up on each and every table sharing his stories and making sure you leave a happy camper. And it doesn't hurt that he has a French accent.The prix fixe menu is the way to go if you want to try a variety of excellent French food at an extremely reasonable value. You get an appetizer, tasting fish, entree and dessert for only $46 (plus $6 if you get the filet mignon).For my appetizer, I ordered the Foie Gras which was excellent. If you've never had it before, you absolutely must. So sad that this delicacy will no longer be available in California starting July. Please save your animal cruelty comments for another website.The tasting fish that that day was the Pan-Seared Scallop on Pesto Risotto with Lobster Sauce. The scallop was delectable and I liked the sauce, but the risotto wasn't as tasty as I would have hoped.For my entree, I had the Filet Mignon. Not the best steak I've ever had, but it was a good portion, flavorful and oh so tender. I added a Bone Marrow which was rich and buttery the way bone marrow is supposed to be. Mmm mmm mmm!And oh my gosh the dessert... We were seriously overwhelmed by desserts! I ordered the Crme Brle which was good. It's hard to mess up a crme brle though. We also got to try the Napolean which was tasty as well, but perhaps a tad too sweet.The consensus favorite though was the Nuage de Noix! It's a Chef Philippe original creation that combines roasted pistachios, almonds & hazelnuts in a frozen chantilly & Italian meringue to create a masterpiece of delicate textures and flavors. This isn't hyperbole either. It's an absolute must try!If you love French food, do yourself a favor and pay Chapeau! a visit!
Amazing! Chapeau was a great dining experience. The food and service was exquisite and I highly reccomend it. We started with escargot and some appetizers. The French onion soup was the best I have ever had and the salmon trip was also very good. My date and I both had the sea bass entry which was very delicate with exquisite taste. I will definitely be back here and you should to.
Terrible, terrible food! It seemed obvious that they do not have a chef in the kitchen. Somebody is really just pushing out the food without any care for quality or authenticity. The owner seems to be more interested in hosting and keeping the place filled with diners. if he is a chef, he should go check on the quality of the food coming out of the kitchen and hire a capable hostess. Even the pommel frites were terrible and honestly it seemed like the diners at this restaurant had no clue that they were eating crap. Painfully bad food!
The name of the game is what I ordered and how much I liked it. Which is basically all yelp reviews, except I'm foregoing complete sentences. Short story made shorter: great restaurant. Amuse Cauliflower soup: deliciousGoat Cheese Napoleon: will flash before my eyes immediately prior to deathMoules Frites: goodFilet Mignon: a safe entreeCassoulet: da bomb!!!!!!!!!!!Trio of Sorbets: well-executedApple Tart: decent
Great service, food and wine!  One of the best French restaurants in San Francisco!
Duck and the ingredients & taste are spectacular !!! You taste it in your mouth for long time and want to keep the flavor !!!! Love this place.
This place is fantastic! I had the bouillabaisse, and the BF had the 4 course menu with the scallop carpaccio, salmon trio, the skate wing, and the french toast for dessert. Everything was so flavorful and on point! My favorites were the scallop and the skate wing. The brown butter on the fish was to die for. I'm usually not a fan of dessert and was skeptical of the french toast, but I pleasantly surprised by how light and airy it tasted, especially with the vanilla ice cream on top. They ran out of some entree options when we came in at 10:00 p.m., so I would suggest coming early. We will come back and try the other options!
Overall, a solid 4 stars with some dished being 5 stars.- Traditional onion soup is very tasty, a little sweeter than I'm used to versus savory, but lots of cheese. 5 stars just for the large amount of cheese.- Prince Edward Island mussels, steamed with white wine, shallots & parsley. The mussels had great flavor. 4 stars. Came with pommes frites and rouille. 3 stars.- Smoke rainbow trout, fingerling potato salad with anchovy dressing. Great blend of flavors. 5 stars.- Filet mignon, pommes de terre landaise, shitake, king trumpet & oyster mushrooms. The mushrooms were good and the steak as well, though not as much flavor as I'd like. 4 stars.- Canard a l'orange, duck leg confit & pan seared maple leaf farms duck breast, celery root facon fettuccini a la creme, braised bok choy, and gastrique a l'orange. Good flavor. 4 stars.- Cassoulet de toulouse, canellini beans, shredded braised lamb shoulder, duck leg confit, garlic & toulouse sausage. The duck leg was the best part, the beans were a little under cooked. 3 stars.- Profiteroles dessert was pretty good. 3 stars.- Warm valrhona chocolate cake, banana flambee & rum raisin ice cream with caramel sauce. I always enjoy warm chocolate cake with ice cream. 4 stars.- French toast, salted caramel ice cream, hazelnut creme anglaise. Definitely the best dessert, very yummy. 5 stars.
My experience here was simply awesome, I'm so glad I finally found my way here. I originally looked into this place for DAT but noticed the have their own prix fixe menu. Then I saw they had an Early Bird menu and thought it's best to try then because it was such a great deal. Keep in mind, their Early Bird is actually $33 (an additional $3 if you order the duck) instead of the $28 I originally saw. Even so, it was still a great deal.I made a reservation for Sunday at 5:15PM. Then I thought I was going to be late as I was coming from the Giants game so I called to make it later which they changed for me. Then we got there around 5:15 afterall and they were more than willing to seat us. By 5:45 this place got filled up.Both my boyfriend and I ordered from the Early Bird menu.I got the Escargot: really enjoyed it, but I love butter so that's to be expected. I noticed it was one of the most popular/ordered dish as well. My boyfriend got the Trio of Salmon. Both enjoyed it as well.For our entrees I was going to get the Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin but the waiter recommended the white skate wing and it was a great recommendation. The skate tasted so tender. it was not to heavy but I was full off the meal. My boyfriend got the duck which we enjoyed but wished there was a bit more fat on the duck. It was a bit too lean for both our tastes.For dessert my bf snatched the French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream and as the waiter said, it is the best dessert on the menu. It was sooooooo gooooood. The soft, delicious, warm french toast with the perfect ice cream. awmygawd. Wanting to try something different I took the waiter's second recommendation which I think was the Profiteroles. Four pastries stuffed with icecream served with more icecream. It was good...but the french toast totally won that. If we ever returned, we both agreed we'd just order two french toast dishes.The venue isn't particularly fancy. It was a pretty loud environment and the decor didn't shout bougie. It was a fairly laid back comfortable setting. And the main cook came out to talk to some diners and was at the door when we left and thanked us. So charming.I would definitely recommend this place for DAT, Early Bird or their Prix Fixe menu. Total great deal.
What is the big hype about this place??Tried their foie gras... I've had better. I thought Chaya was way better. The first bite of Chapeau!'s foie gras made me say "wow," but the bites following as it got towards the middle wasn't so great. I can just taste the fat and flavor tasted too sweet with the foie gras. yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSExperience the french atmosphere and ambiance. I loved the atmosphere at Chaya better. Much more romantic, bigger, better view, cleaner bathrooms. I got the DIne About Town (DAT) menu $34.95 for 3 course meal: yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSThe trio salmon was good, it's raw salmon with herbs and lemon dressing with scrambled eggs and fried capers on the side. It'd give it 3.5 stars. yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSBacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin - I've cooked pork more tender than this... just saying. The sauce went well with it though, tasted like sweet gravy but it says "apple-calvados sauce." I didn't like the parsnip puree or pear that went with it. yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSProferteroles - ok, this was the only thing that was actually really good here haha. It was my first time having it, but it's basically a pastry ball with ice cream and smothered in chocolate. mmm it was good, and i don't usually have a sweet tooth. I took a pretty good picture too: yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSIf you don't get DAT menu, you can get the regular 3 course meal which was $40. Replacing foie gras as the appetizer would be an additional $6 so $46 total. The wait for each dish literally took 45 minutes each also! We were there for 2.5 hours and had 3 refills of bread since we were hungry and the food was taking too long. Overall: Disappointed... for a fine dining restaurant, anything and everything on the menu should be delicious. Unfortunately, it did not meet my expectations due to the lack in romantic atmosphere, taste in flavor, and just overall experience. I'd recommend going to Chaya instead... went there for Valentines day and it was perfect. Food, ambience, everything. If you do come here, maybe drinking would've helped. But I don't want to turn to alcohol! haha
Seriously disappointed with this place... Especially after seeing all the positive reviews here on Yelp. I made a reservation to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday on a Saturday... It was pretty crowded, and I guess it's a thing to seat people so close together, but I'd prefer to have a little more space. Let's just say it's super cosy. The thing that bothered me the most was probably the fact that the waiter was incredibly aloof and disengaged. It took forever to get an order in, rarely got our water refilled... The thing that bothered me the most was probably how he completely blew us off when we asked for recommendations... Me: "So we're not super familiar with wines... Do you have any recommendations for what would go well with the food we ordered?"Waiter looks at me:" Uh... There's a lot of wine... I don't know what you want. Be more specific..."Me: "Okayyyy... Is there anything you can recommend?"Waiter: "Uh... No." *walks away*Me: "... O.o"Seriously... I don't pretend I am a wine expert. You can recommend anything, and I probably would have been okay with it... It was such a souring experience that we didn't bother after that. The appetizers here were pretty darn amazing. The salmon carpaccio salad was super tasty. The food in general was pretty good... but service... such sad service... :/
It was like going back home. I enjoyed speaking my mother language with the staff, who all treated us like family. They were thoughtful and more than nice. We had a full glass of champagne even though we ordered half a glass, and it was on purpose. The baguette was warm and crispy. The food was stellar. I had the trio of salmon, very good but nothing to write home about. Then the seared scallop with a pesto risotto and lobster sauce... Oh sweet baby jesus of food. I'm still dreaming about it. We were eating this meal as slow as possible to make it last as long as possible. It was delicious. Definitely the star of the night. After that came the filet mignon with a bone marrow, mushrooms and potatoes. Extremely good as well, perfectly cooked meat, but very big portion! I could not finish my plate. The crme brle was good, they put a little candle for my birthday wich I really appreciate. I left the place extremely satisfied, saying goodbye  la franaise, with "la bise". Great birthday night. Merci,  la prochaine!
I called Chapeau in mid November to book our annual Christmas Eve dinner which we have done for at least 10 years at this restaurant. I called last night (Dec. 18) to re confirm and was told we are booked at a high table by the window. This was not ever told to me. I was told last night that all tables have been booked by Open Table. This is not the way to treat someone who called 6 weeks in advance to book a table. We will not be returning. Dec. 24 we kept our booked reservation at Chapeau and were warmly greeted by Philippe who apologized profusely for the mixup in our reservation. It was truly a computer glitch as he showed us on his computer. Tables were double booked. Food was outstanding as always! We will definitely be returning and highly recommend this wonderful restaurant!
- good service- food is definitely over rated - worth a try, but probably not going back- made an appointment way in advance, but sat us at the worst table--next to the kitchen entrance
Duck salad and appetizer with Brie in it was good. I ordered the bouillabaisse which wasn't bad but i wouldn't pay $40 for it. As for dessert, the French toast and rum cake was good. Food was good but not that great for the price. It wasn't worth it. I've paid less for better quality/ tasting food. The service was TERRIBLE! We waited on average 20-25 min for our next course. It took them 20 mins to take our order. We made reservations but they still had us wait for an hour. On top of delaying our table, it took them 30 mins to get us some bread. Come on! I just can't stress how much time we wasted here waiting to be served. The manager there is fake. When we told him we needed more time to figure out the bill, he turned around, rolled his eyes and shook his head. He pretends to be all nice and shake your hand but I got a glimpse of his face/reaction when he thought no one was looking. Overall this place is extremely overrated. I wouldn't come back here again.
Ate here with the lady last Sat for our "Anti-burning man" dinner; complete civility sans playa dust....Service left a bit to be desired but the cuisine was as excellent as I can recall.  It seemed more crowded that previous visits.  Philippe was still the star of the show...Still a classic.
My date on Friday wanted me to check this place out for dessert, after hitting some serious food truck realness at "Off The Grid". We showed up and realized that there was quite a wait on a Friday night around 7pm, and were prepared to hunker down and wait a solid hour. Fortunately, the host was on top of his game and had us seated in around five minutes, which thrilled us.We only ordered a dessert, and our server was very sweet and efficient. We tried the baked Alaska, per her recommendation, and it was served within minutes.I'm not certain whether we caught them on an "off night" or if something was just wrong, but it was definitely not a premier dessert. It reminded me of something you'd get from Marie Callenders in the frozen section. It was small, the texture wasn't quite perfect, and the flavors were slightly bland. We were both underwhelmed by it, overall.I'd give the place another shot, judging by the reviews and the lines, they must do some things quite well (customer service, for example, was great). But three stars is all I can muster tonight, overall, for the whole experience.
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. It was perfect! Each course was delightful and the service was excellent. I would frequent this place if it were closer to my home. Great place for a quiet nice meal for a small group.
This place is simply awesome. The owner and staff were so accommodating and welcoming, especially with our 9 month baby. We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation and they had the table waiting for us despite a packed house. The food was both stunning to look at and amazing to taste. Cannot recommend this place enough!
Very reasonably priced for the quality. Excellent wait staff. Very attentive and gave good wine recommendations. Lots of traditional trademark French dishes. Seating is cozy - they get a lot of tables into that room. But not too noisy for decent conversation. Make reservations- gets crowded.Would recommend: the fillet mignon with bone marrow and creme brle
We come here in SF restaurant week. I love here French food. Everyting is great! Only regret is that I don't have a point of foie gras, I MUST try it next time!
Hi, very first review on yelp. Made an early reservation for 2 persons at 5PM on a Friday evening 8/22/2014. Only reservation available for that evening. Since I was with my 11 yo daughter, the waiter was extremely friendly . We were seated at the first table right next to the kitchen. Didn't mind, at least we would get our food first. Sorry, can't recall our waiter's name, but he spoke French. He was very funny and asked us to order in French....well the question was directed to my daughter:). We ordered the 3 course( prefix meal for about $45. My daughter ordered the appetizer corn soup, entre mussels and pome frites, dessert warm chocolate cake. I ordered the escargot and the white fish in a broth, but didn't know I had to drink the broth. The soup was very rich and tasty. The fresh French bread was hot when provided prior to appetizers, very soft, and crunchy on the outside, the best. Forgot to ask if bread is made there or not. The corn soup was very rich, sweet and tasty. The escargot had quite a bit of garlic, but very yummy and hot, so be careful not to burn yourself.The waiter showed us how to eat the mussel the French style by using one shell and pulling the muscle out of the other shell, which was new to us. My daughter loved the mussels, garlic, wine soup base, French fries, she ate everything.My halibut was tasty as well with the crunchy kale, bread with melted cheese. Didn't know the halibut came in a soup broth, until the chef/owner came out to explain how to eat the meal. Normally, the chef/owner comes out of the kitchen to greet his patrons.Lastly, the dessert, warm chocolate cake takes about 20 minutes to make. My daughter was so full, she refused to eat the cake at first, then gobbled the entire dish up. I ordered the trio of sorbet...just perfect, very light, but finished the mango and raspberry flavored. Unsure of the third flavor.In addition, our check came in an actual hat, very fun.....The waiter helped my daughter put the hat on for pictures.Overall, great service, about 2 hours to eat a 3 course meal for 2. Thought we would be finished by 630, but ended up leaving at about 7PM. Waiter was awesome and very funny, great with kids, and chef owner gives you a kiss on the cheek when you leave.
Five stars all across the board.Service was awesome.Food was amazing.Prices are perfect!As most yelpers have said you can go in looking fancy shmancy or go casually, no need for intimidation since it's a French restaurant. No judging from the staff or the other people that go there. It's fancy with a casual vibe! They have awesome prices as far as three/four course menus go. Decent price for a coursed meal that you would think would cost so much more! I had escargot for my appetizer, Cassoulet De Toulouse for main course, and their famous French toast. For my first time eating French food the experience was absolutely amazing. Did I mention I spent my 25th birthday here and my date made sure it was special ! The chef came to greet us personally, said happy birthday, and even ran out of the restaurant to say goodbye to me and give me a hug and one of those side kisses on both cheeks. I loved it! Will definitely be coming back again!
We called in ahead for a reservation as there were 8 of us, and it was kind of last minute. Tried the oysters, pretty good. It is an acquired taste after all.:-)The entrees weren't that impressive, I had the lamb cassoulet (didn't read that it comes with beans), and didn't like the beans much. The dessert were good.
Chapeau!It was my boyfriend's birthday two days ago and since French is his favorite cuisine, I did a lot of research about the best French food around the area. I've never had legit French fine dining so Yelp was a very good friend to me. With an average of 4.5 stars and a total of 1736 reviews, Chapeau! definitely did not disappoint. D thought it was delicious and it was also a delicious cherry pop of the French cuisine for me. I made reservations for 8pm, but we got there around 730pm since we left early enough to leave plenty of time for parking. Right when we walked in, we were a bit confused as to what to do. When you walk in, it's like a super small "lobby" with curtains blocking your view of the dining area so if there is nobody standing in that little lobby waiting on customers, you might be ignored for a long time because no one can see you. So after a minute of being confused, I decided to just walk out of that area so the hostess would be able to see me. If anything, this would be my only complaint for Chapeau. I was scared that this little neglect would set the tone for the night, but thank God it didn't. After the hostess saw us, we were seated right away. Chapeau is small, and with the dim lights, it's very intimate and romantic. The tables are pretty squished together and though the restaurant wasn't that crowded that night, D and I were seated right next to another couple. We were seated so close that it felt like we were just all seated together on one table. It was a bit awkward at first.....but the older couple was very friendly and super cute so it turned out to be a-okay. (I hope to be that cute with my significant other in the future hehe) Anyway, let's start on the food. D and I both ordered the 3 course meal which includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Appetizers:- I chose the oysters. It came with six oysters, special vinegar sauce with garlic, and lemon. Oh it was divine. The oysters were plump and just the perfect size and the sauce went soooo well with the oysters. - D chose the escargot. He loves escargot so I already knew beforehand that he would choose this. I'm glad it didn't disappoint my little birthday boy. At the end of dinner I asked him what was his favorite, and he choose the escargot. Everything was yummy, but this was how yummy the escargot was for him. Entree:- Filet mignon was mine! Hehe mmm! I love meat. I asked for it medium rare and it was indeed medium rare! It was tender and was served on a bed of potatoes and mushrooms. Everything about this dish was cooked to perfection. Honestly if you asked me to choose between the filet mignon itself or the potatoes and mushrooms, I wouldn't know which to choose..I guess it was just too perfect together. - D had the duck leg confit. Oh this was really good too! It came with some veggies...and something else but I don't really remember what it was. The duck was tender and soft. Once you bit into it, it pretty much just melted in your mouth. Oh gosh. Talk about orgasm in your mouth..Dessert:We decided on the creme brulee and french toast. Funny story to this. I was waiting for D to go to the bathroom throughout the whole dinner so I could ask our hostess to put a candle on his dessert. Time was flying by and he still didn't leave the table so this had to go down: "Umm do you need to use the bathroom?""No...""Maybe you should go..""What..why? Oh. Are you trying to tell them to put a candle on it..?" -laughs-"Hehe yes."So he leaves to use the bathroom and after a minute or two trying to find the hostess, I get a text from D saying 'she's waiting for the bathroom LOL'Oh dammit. Then while I tried to wave down a waiter, another waiter started walking out with our desserts. Fail boat.. I ended up asking if he could put a candle on it first and the older gentleman waiter was very happy to oblige to my request. It took a while for D to come out and even though it wouldn't take long for them to put a candle on it, the waiter actually waited for my boyfriend to return to surprise him with his candled creme brulee. I very very much appreciated this :) So back to the desserts. OMG SO GOOD. The french toast takes 15 mins to make after ordering but omg omg omg, you have to get this. THE BEST DESSERT EVER. It comes with salted caramel ice cream and goodness, it was that out-of-this-world type of good. The creme brulee was also very yummy. Unlike usual creme brulee with the hard top, this one wasn't as hard. I liked it more this way. Made it seem more fresh and made-to-order. The inside was very creamy and not too sweet. Yums. Wow. Long review, but Chapeau! deserves a full-detailed review. With two 3 course meals, one drink, and one glass of wine, it came out to be around 125$ not including tip. Well worth the money for such a special occasion and such delicious food. I definitely want to come back and try the other dishes. Chapeau!, you definitely chapeau!'ed me.
In San Francisco with my wife, and wanting something special. We grabbed a taxi to Inner Richmond, and got just that! We started with a wonderful Chardonnay. My wife had a corn bisque, I had a wonderful pesto escargot. For second course we split had an unbelievable pesto risotto with seared scallop. Our entree was skate fish in mushroom sauce and duck breast in an amazing sauce. We both ordered the French toast dessert that had salted caramel ice cream...super rich! You gotta grab a cab and get over here!
A tremendous value. The food is consistently excellent and the service is knowledgeable, gracious, and unobtrusive. Not as fancy or adventurous as La Folie or the now defunct Fleur de Lys, but a fraction of the price. The only knock for some is that it is out of the way, but I live 3 blocks away, so that criticism is irrelevant for me. One of my favorite restaurants in the city, and the best sweetbreads I have ever eaten.
My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday dinner, and five stars is not enough to give the meal we had. Everything was cooked to perfection, presented beautifully and pairs amazingly with our Trombetta Pinot from their list. We had the chestnut soup, the foie gras (melt in your mouth amazing), the veal sweet breads, the bacon wrapped pork loin (one of the best pieces of the dinner), the duck and dessert. I can not think of a better way to celebrate my birthday. Absolutely fabulous and amazing.
3.5 starsI've been dying to come here for the longest time but I guess I came on an off night. We sat at the bar, the food was okay to good, service was slow and the food took forever to come out. My recommendations are the foie gras and French onion soup. They were delicious!It took about 45 minutes for our entree to come out and by the time it arrived, we were full from wine, bread and our appetizers. The nice server said the kitchen was backed up and the chef check every dish. Although the servers were nice and personable they were not on top of their game with checking up on their customers.We ordered the duck and rack of lamb both medium rare and they came out over cooked. I think the meat being over cooked pretty much killed everything. One of my pet peeves. The flavors at this restaurant tend to be on the sweeter end. I didn't mind my soup being sweet but my friend was bummed about that. Then I noticed that our entrees were also served with a sweet glaze when it should have been a bit more salty.I think I would come back and give this another shot hoping for a better experience.
This is a great tiny place with a lot of personality! Food is goood! Worth the price :) we had our anniversary date here and the servers are very attentive. The lamb shank and the Halibut was superb! Tender and Tasty. Chef Philippe went out and shook our hands! Creating a more intimate touch to the Frenchness of the restaurant. This is a great place to celebrate anniversaries ;)
Our meal here was hands-down amazing. I absolutely love love loved it. Granted, my tastes aren't refined enough to enjoy every item on the menu but sticking with the safety foods I do know, I enjoyed every course. I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary and it was perfect. You can dress up or dress down since there's a good mix of formal attire and families from what I saw. The atmosphere is warm and unintimidating and the servers are very friendly and attentive. We both got the fixed dinner set with your choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert. Some dishes have additional charges, however. I got-Complementary cup of Cauliflower Soup: Wow, I would order this alone if it was on the menu.Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads: Definitely my favorite dish; I think this is a must have. The veal melts in your mouth and all the ingredients just complement each other so nicely. The mushroom by themselves are also phenomenal. Filet Mignon: All that needs to be said, and it did not let down one bit.Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake: It was good, but not as satisfying as the other two dishes. My boyfriend got the Basil Napoleon and I actually preferred it over mine. It was light yet flavorful. No drinks, and it came out to be around $50 a person. Very worth it and I can't wait to come back!Also, make sure to read the menu for the meaning of Chapeau/Chapeau! How cute :)
I came back and found the food to be even better than my first visit. The sweetbreads were tastier and the french toast was crispier.I opted to get the skate wing for my entree this time and it was amazing. Delicious lemony butter sauce, perfectly cooked fish, and some potatoes, greens, and croutons for color and texture. I'd come back just for this dish.
Came here for the first time for dinner with the fiancee to celebrate our 9 year anniversary. We had a great time! Our food was delicious, service was amazing, and parking was easy to find (we were lucky to get one across the street!). We both had the prix fix menu 2. Pros:-Food: Our favs consist of the seared foie gras, nut cake, profiteroles, fresh bread (complimentary), sardines in puff pastry (complimentary), scallops -Service: Very attentive, our drinks/bread were always replenished, our plates cleared, fiancee asked for wine to be service w/ his entree (3rd course in the 4 courses) and our waiter remembered even though he was serving a significant number of other tables as well. -Price: reasonably priced and the range accommodates different budgets without sacrificing qualityCons:-bathroom: 1 female, 1 male. At times can be a line (but still clean!)
Chapeau is nothing short of a perfect dining experience. We recently went with my great aunt from England for her 80th birthday. With a party of nine we were entertained by a couple different waiters throughout the night. Both of which were incredibly friendly and fun to talk to. They were very interactive with our family, and interested in giving us a great experience. The food was the obvious highlight of the dinner. My personal selections were the salmon three ways for a starter, the 22 oz ribeye for two (which was just for me, shh) and the french toast. The salmon three ways was a very good starter for me, as I am an avid seafood lover. It came in a small little disk, and had some raw and cooked elements. The whole appetizer was great.The 22oz ribeye for two, which was really for one was perfectly cooked and sliced up right next to the table. I was weary at first, but being an avid weightlifter I was able to tame all 22oz of meat. It was well seasoned and a great steak. The only iffy thing was the kale that came with it was pretty bland. French toast has always been a favorite of mine. Let me tell you, they have absolutely perfected french toast. It was fairly sweet, but not overly. The ice cream that came with it was amazing, complimenting the french toast well. Other notable mentions were the escargot (butter and garlic on anything is amazing) and the wine suggestions are all top notch. It was an absolutely amazing experience, and I suggest it whole heartedly. Well, the portion of my heart that still functions after a 22 oz ribeye would at least.
Waited long to visit this fancy French restaurant. Finally came with hubby to celebrate my birthday. Had prior reservation, we reached at 8.45 and the place was packed. However we were promptly seated. Ambiance - The interior is nothing very fancy, but has a romantic intimate vibe with dim lighting and crisp white linens on tables. Service - Excellent! The main chef/host came to greet us personally at the table which was a nice gesture. Impeccable service by our server, extremely polite and served with perfection. This made the dining experience even more enjoyable.Food: We decided to go for the 3 course meal, $45 per person and includes an appetizer, entree and dessert. Food came on time without much waiting. While we waited we were served with complimentary bread and smoked trout amuse bouche.We Ordered:Appetizer-1. Trio of Salmon - The Gravlax, Tartare & Caviar tasted good. The tart was fresh with the smokiness of the gravlax and bit of saltiness from the sprinkled caviar was a perfect combo.2. Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads - This was a showstopper of the night. The first bite of veal was an explosion of goodness in the mouth that i wanted to last forever. The mushrooms n veggies cooked to perfection. Enough said - a MUST TRY!!Main course- 1. Cassoulet de Toulouse - Braised Lamb Shoulder, Duck Leg Confit and sausage tossed in a bowl of beans was savory goodness. Hubby relished every bit of this dish. 2. Duck Leg Confit & Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast - I enjoyed every bit of the duck slices which were perfectly cooked to medium, soaking it in the light sweetness of the sauce, just purrrfect!Dessert-1. Nuage de Noix - the crunchiness of the pistacchios and light juices of the orange soup gave a very refreshing twist to this dish. 2. Vanilla Bean Crme Brle - The best till date. Not overly sweet, just the way we all like it!! Finally the bill arrives the quirky way - in a hat!At the end of the dinner we were in a complete food comatose! Farewell with warm hugs and kisses from the chef himself and we are happy diners getting back home thinking of a next visit soon. A 5-star dining experience.
Thanks, Chez Philippe and staff, for a delicious and enjoyable Dine About Town dinner experience tonight. The nuage dessert (cool and creamy with toasted and candied nuts) was stand-out!
Delicious! What a dinning experience. Our dinner started out with a welcoming hello from the Chef himself. Nice touch.I love it when you can't go wrong with whatever you decide to order. I had the skate fish which was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Dessert was my favorite part. I had the chance to try three different desserts but the one that have been on my mind since then is the apple tart. Sounds too simple to be that good? It isn't. Can't go wrong with French tarts.
Better than expected, given that my lil' bro gave it an average review. We visited Chapeau! for a Dine About Town dinner (yes, I'm finally finishing this review. The stub was sitting in my Yelp to-do list for 3 months!). The ambiance was nice. Dim lights made us all look a little sexier. ;) Seriously, though, there's no need to dress up. I wore an Ann Taylor ruffly collared sweater, skirt, and boots. DH wore a Banana Republic sweater & khakis.DH noticed the regular menu had a "create your own 3 course meal" for only $40. It was only a few dollars more than the DAB menu, but had a lot more choices. Also, they have an early bird special menu (changes periodically) from 5-6 PM Sunday-Thursday.We had reservations, which are highly recommended given how packed the place is.Waitstaff was attentive. Wow, our server actually spoke French! How nice! We were given a complimentary amuse-bouche, eggplant "caviar" on crostini, which was okay. Briny notes and eggplant on crunchy bread product.I ordered the Trio of Salmon, a gorgeously plated appetizer, featuring gravlax, tartar, and caviar. Very playful with the fried capers and microgreens that complemented the flavors in addition to looking pretty. Well worth ordering. DH's appetizer was okay, but not spectacular. He got the veal sweetbreads, which were hearty and earthy.My main course was Striped Bass, pan fried. It was fine, but I've had better. The flavors were very traditional. DH was happy with his steak, it didn't seem dry.Overall, a nice place to spend the evening. We didn't get a chance to meet the chef, which would have been a nice touch. Since we got there early, before the evening rush, parking was easy on the street (angled spots in front of the stores).
This restaurant has been on my list since seeing it on SF Restaurant Week. So I finally made it in to try their early bird dinner (weekdays 5-6pm for $36.95 + $2.25 for Healthy SF) which is actually a very good deal.We had read that parking was a pain, but we lucked out on a meter right in front since we were there so early.Service was impeccable here. The server acknowledged immediately that it was our anniversary/engagement celebration at the start of the dinner and at the end when desserts came with a candle. He made wine recommendations and let me taste the two options I was deciding on. They were attentive to our bread and drinks without making it feel like we were being watched all the time. The servers spoke French here which I also really enjoyed.Food was good. I enjoyed the small cup of soup that was the perfect temperature and taste for the amuse bouche. For the first dish, the escargots that I ordered did not come in the shells like I had expected and they somehow did not taste as fresh and flavorful. But my fiancee liked his soup. For our entrees, my duck was a perfectly cooked medium rare but the sides were not memorable. Their creme brulee was a good classic dish. All in all, service was spectacular and food was good. I would consider coming here again.
Absolutely love this place! Bf booked this place for my birthday. They were able to squeeze in the early-bird special time slot. We got there around 5:30pm, parking wasn't a problem for us, I guess we are early. This place was 95% full already. Reservation is must. Service was nice, we opted for the early bird special dinner - $28 for 3 course meal. Salmon Trio: absolutely amazing! perfect texture and flavor. Pumpkin Soup: tried couple sip, smooth and creamy. Cassoulet de Toulouse: i love duck confit, so decided to go with this dish. Made with canellini beans, duck leg confit, toulouse sausage, and other herbs. Duck leg falls off the bone, sausage was flavorful. This is a huge portion, i couldn't finish it. Wild Skate Wing: never head of this dish before. bf ordered this to try. surprising good!Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee: love the crusty top. it was creamy, but a little too sweet to my taste. Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue: i love this dessert more, the tangy orange soup just balance out the sweetness so well. Food and service were excellent. I would definitely come back.
9p reservation, they seated us right away. The atmosphere was great, good ambient noise. Food was excellent! The menu was well laid out. The owner/ head chef would stop by and check on us, explain the food (like what the sorbet is and what it's made of and why). It was fantastic.
Great dinner & amazing food, as all the reviews have stated. Only downer was the hostess (middle aged asian lady) had a bit of an attitude while confirming reservation details. She was also wearing very casual clothing, which seemed out of place for someone working hostess at an upscale restaurant. Other than that, the food was great and we enjoyed meeting the chef who came out to greet everyone halfway through the night.
What a lovely experience. We greeted upon arrival and thanked with a handshake and doors opened when we left.There is something delightful when food arrives looking eloquent, creative and aesthetically pleasing your senses, you just crave that first taste because you know it's going to melt in your mouth. Everything arrived at our table like so. I loved that we were served with little espresso shots of cauliflower soup, more for the novelty and experience than anything remarkable about the soup. Scallops were perfectly cooked, light and tender, as was the duck. The salad Nioise was a real treat, olives, anchovies, perfectly cooked quails eggs seared tuna with a mustard accompaniment. We went for the palate cleanser which was somewhat like a lemon and ginger fresh burst in your mouth and certainly made way for our entrees. I opted for the (not for the feint hearted) cassoulet de Toulouse. Compared to others dishes i witnessed arriving at tables this was certainly the heavier (and larger) of the entree options. The duck was tender but the flavor was overpowered by the sausages and jus. I was hoping for something more revue  grand spectacle, but it lay flat of expectation. I didn't think i'd have room for dessert, but somehow the crme brle just looked too good to miss out on and i can happily say it served a firm crunch, not overly sweet with a good heavy thickness that will sat happily at the bottom of my tummy all the way home.I liked their menu construction, there were mix-and-match tasting menu options and then a full chef's menu which included desserts. My only complaint was that they ran out of the trio of salmon and we still got additionally charged for our alternative choice. Prices were quite high but not out of reasonable for a special occasion. Really enjoyed the Ctes-du-Rhne Villages but the wine menu is a little more coteux.
Excellent quality. Great taste. Super friendly staff!! Highly recommend their the trip of salmon and duck salad appetizer. Entrees were decent too. Really enjoyed their desserts, more so with the French toast ice cream dessert but the profiteroles were good too. Will come back for more appetizers and desserts!
One word: YUM!Came here for my birthday with my boyfriend and we loved the experience. The service was great, was always checked up on and had our water refilled. When we had questions about the menu, the waitress (the owner I'm thinking) was super detailed and elaborate. Ended up picking a wine I liked! We started off with bread which was crispy and warm, just how I like it. Then the complementary soup which was served in a tiny cute cup. It was cauliflower and white truffle... OMG it was the best thing of the evening! A sip but it was super flavorful.. Wish I could've had more! We ordered the 4-course each which came with an appetizer, tasting fish, entree and dessert. I had the escargot (a little bland, but was super soft and easy to chew), scallop and risotto (super tasteful), duck breast for the entree and it was one of the best duck dishes I have ever had!!!! So crispy and flavorful!!! Sooooo worth it :D! For dessert I had the basil Napoleon which had fruits and some sort of mango pure pudding thing which was tasty too! My boyfriend had the duck salad (which I did like more than my escargot), same scallop dish, filet mignon and bone marrow (the meat was super tender but not as flavorful as the duck!) and the chocolate molten cake. My favorite dish of the night would definitely be the duck!!! I highly recommend it!Had a good time here and would definitely be back :)
Thank you chapeau for poppin my man cherry on that french food. I've never even thought of enjoying french cuisine until I came to your joint. After driving around close to 30 minutes finding parking, I FINALLY found it after I was so close to being fed up. I knew parking was going to be horrendous but gladly the owner (it seems to be) was the most understanding guy, EVER. This dude was the chillest guy I've ever encountered at any restaurant in generalHe brought us to the table and I thought we were getting the smaller table so we just sat. and 5 mins later he asked "oh you dont want the bigger table? I reserved that for you since it's your first time here!" ... i thought damn this guy knows how to impress! But i insisted a bigger party can have that big tableA. received a very new comp. taste of an appetizer (no idea what it was)B. bread was nice and freshordered the 3 course meal for each person1. onion soup and tuna salad = both was poppin good, had my SWEATIN2. duck breast = OOOOWEEEE. it was so juicy, NOT dry at all.3. flounder = cooked perfect and not dry or tough; clean cut of fish4. chocolate lava cake = best chocolate cake ever had at any restaurant.It was a great experience overall but i'm still not wow'd or anything. Maybe that steak will do it the next time I come to this spot.
Went for my wife's birthday. Food was great and service was even better. We had reservation and were seated right away, but we got a table in the middle of the restaurant next to a busy path through the kitchen. We asked for another table and they happily switched us as the restaurant was only half occupied.What we had: Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic - amazingPorcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads - greatCanard au Miel & aux pices - just ok. Profiteroles, Tarte du Jour apple -both were amazingalso the complimentary asparagus soup and soft bread was great.We liked the food and service and will return.
I have been wanting to try Chapeau for a long time and finally got a chance to recently on a Thursday night. I sat at the bar and received phenomenal service. The ambiance is warm and inviting, and it was delightful to hear the staff bantering in French between themselves and the surprisingly high number of French speaking guests. I generally like light, crisp, white wines and really enjoyed the one the bartender recommended for me of the Quincy, Henri Bourgeois, Haute Victoire, Valle de la Loire. I ordered the French Onion Soup as an appetizer, and it was absolutely perfect...flavorful, super cheesy, great texture and piping hot. They provided some tasty warm bread and butter before my entree came. The also served me an anchovy puff pastry, compliments of the chef, which was excellent. For my entree, I got the mussels with frites, which were also delicious. Although between that, the bread, the pastry puff, and the soup, I had way too too much food in front of me and wasn't able to finish my frites or have room for dessert. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars from me is they don't seem to have any commitment to using organic ingredients, which is important to me (especially in my meat consumption, which is why I didn't go for the Filet Mignon instead of the mussels).Note: Reservations are strongly advised for this place since it's quite popular.
Yes, parking is going to be tough, what do you expect? It's the City!We were here for Dine About Town. Their DAT menu is not bad a decent selection from their regular menu, but at $34.95 it is just $5.55 cheaper than their regular 3 course menu. So, if you don't see anything you like, you might as well go for their Menu 1.They gave us a complimentary espresso sized soup of cauliflower pure with a drizzle of truffle oil. Good cauliflower taste but it was served luke warm.For starters, I ordered the Trio of Salmon, which is a salmon tartar, wrapped in thin slices of Salmon with a sprinkling of Salmon roe. Served with broken hard boiled egg white, roasted Pistachio and some cream sauce. Fresh, but not special. I also ordered a separate seared Foie Gras appetizer because you just can't have enough before the ban. The Foie Gras was a big disappointment. I think they cut it too thin (into two slices), leading it to be overcooked and ruining it. Totally not worth the $18.50. For the main course I ordered the pork tenderloin. It was served on a bed of parsnip pure, with sauted Swiss chard and a pool of some sauce reduction. There were three slices of cooked peaches buried in the middle. The pork was overcooked to the point being chewy on the outside. The sauce was a little on the salty side for me. The only tasty thing was the parsnip puree. Thinking that all is lost, I waited for the dessert, the Nuage de Noix, which translate to a "cloud of nuts"; a perfect description of roasted nuts on a bed of ice cream with pistachio mixed in. This was probably the best part of the whole meal!Perhaps it was because of DAT, service was just so so. Would I come back? Maybe not.
I would only give 3.5 out 5 for Chapeau!Food (4/5)- Amuse-bouche (4/5): the amuse bouche for that night was cauliflower puree. It tastes really good, but I usually would prefer a lighter bouche to clean up my appetite and get ready for the incoming food.- Trio of Salmon (3.5/5): the salmon is supre fresh and the plating is beautiful but the seasoning was just ok, it was a little bit salty and I wish they would give a little bit balanced seasoning sides.- Green Salad with mixed nuts and Balsamic Vinaigrette (4/5): the salad was actually amazingly fresh and the dressing is well balanced. I really like the mixed nuts within it. But I would probably never order a green salad in this kinda fine dinning restaurant. The only reason we did cuz my friend is vegetarian.- Tomato soup(3.5/5): it was a lil bit sour for me.- Pork tenderloin (4/5): it wasn't overcooked but it was a little bit dry. I think they cooked it wrong they used the way to cook filet mignon to cook the tenderloin. The Apple-Calvados sauce was really good and the side dish kale and Parsnip pure made up for the meat for sure.- Baked Alaska (4.5/5): this is probably my favorite dish of the night, definitely highly recommended. It's a rum flavored cake with candied toasted almonds inside and italian meringue outside. Also they have the espresso ice cream inside. They sprayed the almonds and chocolate sauce on the plate. There are just so many things on the plate, but it was plated beautifully. The flavor wasn't too creamy but fresh!- Vanilla bean Crme Brle (4/5): the reason I ordered this cuz I love creme brulee, but I was kinda disappointed since they made it a little bit too thick. I love the thin creme brulee with nice crispy on top.Service and ambiance (3/5)I wasn't happy with the service cuz they are only super nice to the French people or their friends, maybe cuz it was a Friday evening, so they were supre busy. We literally waited for almost 20 mins till the waiter came to ask us what drinks we would like to order. I guess the upside is that the executive chef always came out to ask around how's the food. It was too noisy for a fine dining restaurant and they put the small table supre close to each other, which I literally can hear the next table's convo.Maybe I would go back again on a non-busy night give a try since I heard so many good things about Chapeau! Towards the end of the night, our waiter left for his shift, the replaced waiter was really frenchy and nice. I wish I had him as my waiter for the whole night instead.
Our dinner at Chapeau! It was definitely mind blowing. The place is kindda small, however the service & food are excellent. We got plenty of complimentary desserts and tasting food! I recommend getting their 3 course menu ($40) - appetizer, entree & dessert OR 4 course menu ($50) - appetizer, fish tasting, entree & dessert.APPETIZER:Sauted Foie Gras Special ($6 upcharge) - 2 medium sized Foie Gras (specially fattened duck liver) with Apple, Microgreens & Brioche (French bread). Simply amazing! They just melt in your mouth; Very rich, strong flavored, delicate and fattening at the same time. Eat them with the apple slice & bread for the perfect experience.ENTREE:Day Boat Scallops ($6 upcharge) - 2 Seared Diver Scallops with Pesto Risotto & Lobster Cream Sauce. Bloody amazing; the scallops're made perfectly (a little crispier on outside, so tender on the inside) & the sauce is just good. I'd highly recommend this especially to the seafood lovers.Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter, Fingerling Potato, Sauce Grenobloise, Mache ($22.00) - Surprisingly really good. I've never that big fan of fish dishes, but I must say that this dish's worth getting.PALATE CLEANSER:Trou Normand ($4.50): Green Apple Sorbet, Calvados. It's soothing, not very heavy. I'd recommend it to clean your palate, especially if you're trying a lot of food.DESSERTS:Nuage De Noix - Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue ($8.50) - Very delicious. Highly recommended; coming from a guy who hates peanuts.Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake - with Banana Flambe & Rum-Raisin ice cream, Caramel Sauce ($8.50). It's like volcano chocolate, warm chocolate in the inside. Bloody delicious.Baked Alaska - with Sponge Rum Cake and Coffee Ice Cream inside ($8.50). My least favorite of the 3, however it's still pretty good & it's complimentary.
This restaurant has the most aggressively friendly chef I've ever encountered. The type who loudly drops everything to greet you upon entry and departure, walks you outside, and bestows kisses.My favorite part of the meal was the amuse bouche, a delicious tomato soup. I didn't enjoy my main dish, the bouillabaisse, but that was just me realizing I do not like bouillabaisse or fishy stews at all, so I can't really say whether they made it well or not. I was served an appetizer (Fourme d'Ambert Tart) I did not order and it took awhile to get my waiter's attention to ask about it (he kind of just plopped it down and ran away) but he acknowledged the mistake and graciously allowed me to keep it, it was pretty tasty.My one legitimate complaint about this place was the weird distain my waiter gave me when I requested the check before being completely done with my meal. I don't know if that's a culturally offensive thing to do but I did not appreciate the attitude he gave me.
Service is impeccable! They seamlessly cater to your every move, our water were always filled up like magic. Hmm..the food. I just don't get it yelpers. You lead me to here and you disappointed me. *Bread: Nothing special. *Prince Edward Island Mussels: Mussels in salty water? It was watered down, not  impressive.*Filet Mignon: It's ok. The cut is too small, but by French standard I guess it's average. *Dessert: Forgot what I had but it was a bit overly sweet. *Price: I had better food for the total price I paid for. Again, one thing I do admire is the service. Keep that up!
Chapeauuuu! Delicious ass french food, enough said.The salmon tartare was good and the baked escargot was one of the best I've had. The rack of lamb (the special) here was delicious and cooked to perfection. It comes with potatoes au gratin-- Chapeau is the place that made me fall in love with this dish: butter & cheesy goodness! Hard to finish, but tastes so good. Minus one star for super slow service. I think the food took like 45 minutes to come out........and the place is so crowded we were like sitting a few inches away from other people. But other than that, this place made my tummy ecstatic. I will be back!
we arrived on time for a 6:30 reservation on a tuesday night and were seated right away. the restaurant was already crowded and loud. i think the management must have used a cad program to maximize the distribution of tables because it is CRAMPED. CRAMPED to the point of wtf!after telling the waiter what i wanted i mentioned that i "would like some bread for the table" to which he responded in a very condescending way "that it would arrive as soon as he took the menus away, they're watching for that" to which i replied that there are indeed some restaurants where bread is available only when requested. needlessly awakward. i guess he should go out to dinner more often.so... i had the corn soup and the skate. the soup was just okay. it had a drizzle of white truffle oil and a lone fried prawn. the prawn had the tail on, as well as a million little legs which made it clumsy to eat because it was sitting in the hot soup. i enjoyed the skate more. it had a great texture served over potatoes with some mache on the side. all of it swimming in a tasty sauce.for dessert i had the tarte du jour which turned out to be lemon. tart with a good crust, it had the potential of being great however it hadn't set yet and was served at an odd temperature. the tart was paired with a glass of sauternes.we did a byob, '12 paul lato "suerte" which was terrific, no surprise there. corkage was $25.will we back? nah.as a side note. to the tech bro that was sitting on the banquette while his date was sitting on the hard chair on the aisle: it should be the other way around. also when repeatedly yawning it's customary to cover one's mouth. oh and by the way i think you may have a cavity, upper left molar way in the back.
A lovely restaurant, off the beaten path. The chef and waiters obviously have a lot of pride in what they do. And if you're lucky enough to have Pascal as your waiter, then you'll have an enjoyable exploration of French cuisine, with perfectly timed explanations, yet unobtrusive table service - exactly what a waiter should be. The ambiance is cosy, and unpretentious, lacking art on the walls, for instance. You may notice Chapeau! is just slightly dated (think 1989, but subtle), but it perfectly illustrates this establishment's gestalt, as being focused on the utmost in cuisine and service, with everything else subservient to that. As you walk in, you smell the aroma of butter and truffles.The wine selection is extensive and accommodating, with a laundry list of bottles from California and France, about 15 selections of 1/2 bottles (including a $40 Chatauxneuf-du-Pape), and 20 varieties of glasses.The menu can be overwhelming simply because of the endless options. The point is to be accommodating. You can choose from tasting menus that include full portions of 3 or 4 plates, or smaller portions of many plates of the chef's choosing. However, you can still order single, full-size items, by just picking appetizers and entrees. The amuse bouche was a cup of asparagus cream soup, heavy in salt, but very aromatic and tasty. I had the trio of salmon as appetizer. It was a very fatty, soft raw salmon, plated with some salmon eggs, crumbled hard boiled eggs and a light dressing of creme fraiche. It was divine.Next came the entre-act of a single scallop on a bed of green risotto in a brown creamy sauce. Not sure of the ingredients, but it was filling and tasty, though a little heavy on salt.And now I'm tired of writing in so much detail. Basically, you get the idea... It's great! :)
Splendid!I'm not one for all that romantic, fancy schmancy stuff (pizza and Netflix - that's me). But when the hubby said, "We're going to a nice, French restaurant for our anniversary", I just couldn't turn him down! We made our reservations via Open Table and arrived on time at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. It was busy so the hostess had us sit at the bar while we waited for our table. When seated, we ordered 2 glasses of rose wine and got complimentary cauliflower soup and bread. I opted for the prie-fixed dinner which included an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I selected the Escargot, Wild Skate Wing, and the Creme Brulee. All were superb! My hubby (the meat lover that he is) chose the Cassoulet de Toulouse and he too was impressed with the quality of food. The service was wonderful. One of the main highlights of the night was the head chef going around every table, introducing himself, and ensuring we were enjoying our experience. Chapeau is a beautiful and intimate restaurant and we'll definitely visit again whenever we want to get all fancy schmancy.
Chapeau! is a nice, somewhat intimate french restaurant in the Inner Richmond district of San Francisco. I had the Prince Edward Island Mussels. They were perfectly prepared and they did not skimp on the number of mussels. They come with perfect pomme frites. Just a great dish! The Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake was amazing and the Nuage de Noix was the perfect dessert for any nut lover. The only negative was that we were quite cramped in at our table - tough to get in and out.However, just fantastic food. Recommended highly!
Service was excellentFood:Mussels appetizer pretty good, a little saltyVeal sweetcake appetizer is good if you like a fatty gamey flavor with a mushroomy sauceScallop fish tasting appetizer with risotto and lobster sauce was really goodTomato soup was brilliantSkate main course with caper butter sauce was goodSmoked salmon main course with orange sauce was ok; a bit sweetApple tart with hazelnut dessert was goodProfiteroles were divineWine pairing suggestions were also greatOverall, a good experience, service was worthy of 5 stars, but food was not worthy of five stars given the price
I've been here twice now, and this visit confirmed my initial impressions. If you're looking for a great, affordable but romantic French option, Chapeau delivers an amazing value especially if you can make it there for their $31 early bird prix fixe (5-6pm Sun-Thurs), call ahead for reservations! The food itself was above average - the execution was great, but I would not return because I am not a fan of the preparation. * Cauliflower Soup Amuse Buche - Pretty good, and scalding hot (very much unlike Tony L's experience). It was a tiny cup, and did not make me want more.* Salmon Trio - A large piece of fresh salmon wrapped around mashed up salmon; the flavor was good, but I dislike when raw fish is ground up because it makes me wonder if they're attempting to mask the texture and flavor of bad quality fish. The complementing sauces and homemade chip was creative and thoughtful, but the chip tasted like 3-day old reused oil. Despite this, my favorite dish of the night and not to be skipped.* Chicken - The chicken had a slightly crispy skin, served over (too oily) potatoes, and filled with a veal mousse. Not a huge fan of the flavors, and overall kind of boring, but well cooked and executed.* Skate - First time eating sting ray wing, and it was surprisingly moist and delicate, very unlike anything I've ever had really. Great execution, sauce too salty and buttery, kinda boring overall. * Creme Brulee - This creme brulee was so creamy and luscious, perhaps another highlight of the meal and topped with a thin, delicate layer of sugar. I could eat this all day, but what I really wanted was the apple galette on the main menu.* French Toast - Sliced thin, and served with maple syrup, topped with hazelnut gelato, and other sugary liquids, this was a really creative but just too sweet. The first few bites were good and reminded me of eating a Ferrero Rocher, would recommend only for french toast fiends with a huge sweet tooth.
Really romantic and cozy ambience. The service was very personable and polite. I love how Chef Philippe would actually come out of the kitchen to the dining area and check on all the patrons in the restaurant to ensure that the food was up to par. I haven't been to too many restaurants where I've seen a Chef do that, so it's a nice touch.Tip: If you're new to French food or you're on a budget, try to make reservations for the Early Bird Prix Fixed special. It's a great deal!
I found this place from the Dine About Town list and was sad to see that they don't participate during weekends. Luckily they do their own menu that's only about $5 more! From other yelp reviews, I knew it was going to be good so the foodie in me was really excited to go, even if my reservation was at 10:00 pm.As my friend and I stepped into the restaurant, we were greeted by the owner or chef (not sure which one) and he was super friendly! The waiters hit that perfect medium of constantly stopped by to make sure we were doing okay without being bothersome. Now onto the food:First course: Mussels: HUGE portion for an appetizer! And the pesto toast it comes with is amazing. I recommend getting some pomme frites and dipping them into the sauce.Deep fried tiger prawns: Big prawns, good flavor. Not as big of a portion as the mussels.My friend got the extra course which was scallops. Out of everything we ate, I would say this is the least memorable since I can't actually remember what it came with. I know it was good but nothing past that...Second course:Chicken Dondine: Menu says half a roasted chicken but it seemed small for half a chicken but definitely enough to fill you up (my friend had leftovers)Filet Mignon: In my opinion, the filet blew the chicken out of the water. The flavor was excellent. The meat was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth. Even though I was full at this point, I wanted to keep eating it so that my mouth could always have that amazing taste.Dessert:French toast: Takes longer to come out (~15 mins) but worth the wait. The french toast perfectly complements the ice creamHazelnut/Coffee special: As a hazelnut and coffee lover, this was my heaven. Not overly sweet but enough to fill my desire for something decadent at the end of the meal. My only complaint is that it was too small because I wanted to keep eating it! I love how the restaurant embraces its name and hands out the bills in hats. I especially like the special touch of putting your leftovers into a tin foil basket - so cute! The owner/chef made especially sure to personally say goodbye to us as we left - he even ended a phone call just to shake our hands! I absolutely cannot wait to come back to this place and have been raving about it to all of my other friends.
Everything was perfect here! From the food to service to atmosphere. Food - 5, had the prix fixed four course, everything came up perfectly, and the chef de cuisine actually went out to talk with us about the food. I liked that a lot, makes my meal more personal. My favorite were the appetizer and the dessert, roasted chesnut soup was so flavorful and the pear sorbet was refreshing. Atmosphere -4, yea it was cute but it can get crowded so noise level can be pretty loud in here. But other than that, im really fine cause the food makes up for it. Service- 5, so nice, waiter knows about the menu, my water is always filled and they always asked how was the food at every step of the meal. Oh, and apparently it was so good that i was so full and i left my credit card here! But no worries, i called the next day, and the waiter did save my credit card. Bonus point x123445689.Overall, i would come here again when i have another celebration.
I thought i was an France after my experience here. I came here last night without reservations. I was able to get seated at the bar.  When I was still settling in, i heard someone say " Hello Mademoiselle" , shock to hear this, i turned around, and there he was Philippe the head chef. " Hello, mademoiselle, how are you? thank you for coming here tonight" * shakes hands and leaves* i was completely star struck to say the least. I never had the head chef come out and talk to people. I felt rich and felt like an important socialite, yes i know i'm dreaming. Anyways, my friend and i did the prix menu for $38.00. The special for that night was the foie gras which was an additional 6.00 with is totally worth it! It was seared perfectly! It literally melts in your mouth. I wanted to savor every bite of it and eat it as slowly as possible. If only i can have this as my entree I absolutely love it. They had a special sauce with this dish. I asked my waitress what type of sauce it was, she said it was an apple gastrique sauce. It went perfectly with the foie gras, pear and the bread. I now know what i want to eat if i was stuck on an island and i can only chose one item to eat for the rest of my life. The foie gras totally exceeded my expectations. We also were give samples of the shredded rabbit on a baguette. I like how the rabbit was shredded, I've had rabbit before in other places but it was tough. But this wasn't the case here. It was tender and it had a good amount of juice in it. For the main course i had the Filet Mignon with the bone marrow. The Filet Mignon was good it was tender, I loved the potatoes that it came with. The potatoes were so good and the sauce with the steak was every more tasty. It was my first time eating bone marrow. i was able to scrap all to the bottom and use the spoon to spoon it out. The tasted like foie gras! It was super yummy but too bad it was as small portion.  My friend got the Wild Caught Skate Wing. It wasn't dry and it had a good amount of sauce on it. It tasted very smooth and silkyFor dessert, we got the baked Alaska and the French toast. The french toast was very soft and it was covered in caramel. It wasn't too bad, and it went perfectly with the coffee ice cream. I hope to find a way to make it exactly like theirs at home. My friend got the Baked Alaska, It had the Italian Meringue, with rum sponge cake inside and the ice cream inside as well.. I like the outside of it more, because of the texture. The inside had a very strong rum taste to it. So it's perfect for you rum loversOverall, i enjoyed my experience here, and I can't wait to come back, but i now know to make reservations far in advance. If not i don't mind just coming here just for desserts. Our waitress was super nice and gave excellent service. Thank you for making me feel special here!
If I could... I would give this place 500 F*ING STARS. NO QUESTIONS ASKED.I came here with my lovely friends for the Early Bird Special! Such a deal... A three course for only $30! I had the Corn Soup with Deep Fried Crab Cake & White Truffle Oil, the Atlantic Salmon with Saffron Mashed Potato, Poached Green Zucchinis & Mussel Sauce. Finally, for dessert I had French Toast with Soft Caramel & Hazelnut Ice Cream. The chef also gave us a complimentary Cauliflower Truffle Soup that was amazing. I die. It was so rich with truffle flavor. SIMPLY PUT... EVERYTHING WAS PURE ECSTASY.And as I'm sure you've already read... The hosts and waiters are extremely friendly, assertive and accommodating. They put in 100% and nothing less. The chef himself even went around the entire restaurant to welcome everyone! Definitely makes you feel like royalty.Best meal and experience of my life... The epitome of fine dining. I felt like I had died and gone to food heaven. Chapeau! is a definite must try, you will NOT be disappointed.
Dine About Town is a good opportunity (or just a great excuse) for locals to enjoy some new, upscale restaurants in San Francisco. The city is full of amazing restaurants so choosing can be difficult. Luckily it coincided with date night with my girlfriend and she suggested that we check out Chapeau! for a lovely, romantic meal. Problem solved!The meal started innocuously with a super flavorful, crusty bread with butter that had just enough salt. An amuse bouche of cauliflower soup was served, which would actually become my favorite dish I had all night. It was perfectly seasoned and finished off with a drop of truffle oil. (Truffle oil is one of those ingredients that is somewhat looked down upon by master chefs since it is basically just a manufactured aromatic and not actually a truffle-infused oil. While I wouldn't serve it to Chef Ramsey, I do enjoy a drop or two in my favorite dishes.)For our first course, my girlfriend and I enjoyed their trio of salmon and a creamy yellow corn soup. The salmon was served as stack with gravlax, tartare, and caviar, with egg mimosa, fried capers, and creme fraiche and the soup was served with a deep fried crab cake and white truffle oil. The salmon dish was fantastic and each component builds on top of the flavor of the last. The whole dish comes together in a single bite. The soup was super refreshing and paired perfectly with the crab cake. I could have done without the drizzle of truffle oil in this case, but it did add a rich dimension to the soup.Our main courses included the cassoulet de toulouse and oven roasted wild atlantic salmon. The cassoulet was served with canellini beans, shredded braised lamb shoulder, duck leg confit, and garlic and toulouse sausage, while the salmon came with a fondue provencale, fennel confit, parsley oil, and roasted bell pepper sauce. The cassoulet was rich and the sausage was delicious, and the meat fell right off the bone of the duck leg. It might have been a tad over-seasoned but the dish was otherwise executed very well. The salmon was cooked to medium-rare, something I didn't know was possible. I loved it, and that's how I'm going to cook mine from now on. It was perfectly seasoned and light, tender, and amazing. The components combined to make the perfect summery bite.For dessert we shared the nuage de noix and baked alaska. I really liked both desserts with the nuage de noix being filled with roasted pistachios, almonds, and hazelnuts in a frozen chantilly and italian meringue in an orange soup. I happen to love nuts and this combination really hit the spot. I felt like I was eating the world's most special oatmeal cookie. The baked alaska featured a sponged rum cake, coffee ice cream, italian meringue, chocolate sauce, and candied toasted almonds. The baked alaska lacked the theater of the San Diego version, but was fantastic nonetheless. The dark chocolate and rum sauce was to die for and all together a heavenly way to end the meal.Service here was fantastic, with attention to detail starting the moment you walk through the door. Even the chef came out to say hi, and everybody was just so darn nice. I enjoyed the entire meal and there were high notes in each course. If you go, definitely get the salmon and nuage de noix. It was a fantastic place for a date dinner and I encourage you to bring your loved ones here for a fantastic evening.Food: 9/10Service: 10/10Price: $$$Atmosphere: 9/10
IMHO, one of the best and most affordable french restaurants in the city. I have never been disappointed coming here through the years. The service is always excellent and the Chef/owner comes out to greet everyone personally. A wonderful touch in my opinion.To start, I ordered the Creamy Roasted Chestnut Soup. The soup was rich and creamy but not too overpowering with chestnuts.Next I had the Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin, Parsnip Pure, Kale, Apple-Calvados sauce. Overall the pork tenderloin was just right, a little pink inside but not too rare. The parsnip pure was delicious. It was creamy with a hint of sweetness. But what ties the entire dish together was the Apple-Calvados sauce. I would literally drink a whole bowl of it if I could.To end the night, I ordered the special dessert (which I can't remember the name at the moment) available for the Dine About Town menu. I'm personally not much of a dessert person but it was surprisingly good, creamy top layer and a somewhat crunchy bottom one. However my all time favorite would be the French Toast, the caramel sauce is to die for. For those of you unable to get reservations, call Chapeau and ask whether there are any available bar seating. The experience is just as nice and you get to chat with the bartender who was very helpful and knowledgeable with the wine.
I'm surprised by all the great reviews of this place ... It's like Asian service meet fine dining .. epic failFood was good but it would not bring me back to deal with the horrendous service I received . It took over thirty min for me to receive my steak which during the time our server whom I assume is also the owner never bothered to stop by .. she checks on you never .. wave people down if you want attention or if you need utensils to your dessert -.- my steak came out practically well done I ordered medium .. had it sent back .. Our server wears open toed wedges while running food and bussing etc .. maybe that's why service is slow not to mention they would be in trouble with the health inspector .. maybe a server called out and she had to fill in.. Idk .. the wait staff don't talk to you .. it's really weird service just seemed super unfriendly ... especially just dining at Gary Danko I never write a review during dinner .. but between waiting to order our dessert and trying to close out the bill they have given me plenty of time to do just that .. there are so many places in sf that have great reviews I would recommend skipping this one .. we left rather unhappy and wishing we dined at all these other restaurants we had on our list :(
We had a great time at Chapeau while visiting San Francisco. Great service, Great Food, Great Atmosphere.
Nuage De Noix sont splendides!I'm probably not saying that right but out of the desserts we sampled the roasted pistachios, almonds & hazelnuts in a frozen chantilly & italian meringue were the clear winner in presentation, flavors, and "wow" factor with their Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle taking a close second in my book. For a tiny french bistro nestled in a heavily asian neighborhood you can miss this gem easily unless you map it. For one of my admittedly rare excursions into french cuisine I am delighted to have this bistro in SF. I sampled alot of dishes but these were my picks for the night. Appetizer: Warm brie on potato and leek darphin. (great starter. The taste went from salty to savory to sweet all in the first bite!) Entree: Duck confit (super tender, nice contrast with the mandarin slices, Sauce was slightly too salty.)Dessert: Profiteroles (good but liked the Nuage De Noix the best)Every dish showed originality; Every dish showed craftsmanship, creativity and many more positive adjectives. This is not a quick bite or a cheap one nor was it meant to be however if you have the time and money it would be well spent here. Things to note: They give you the check in a hat which is how I found out that Chapeau in french means "hat." If you have any leftovers which I unfortunately did not they will wrap it up with tin foil into a little basket or bird which is a nice touch. The owner and I presume head chef greeted us as we walked in and he's a friendly guy too. Our service was fantastic. Our waiter had an excellent grasp of the menu and our drinks were refilled promptly. Not even a hint of arrogance or annoyance from the staff which I've practically come to expect from restaurants around this price point in the city. Final Thought: You can keep France in Europe as long as this place is open I don't need to buy a plane ticket to get a great French dining experience. Bon apptit!
Came here for the second time and to no surprise my taste buds were very happy again.Had the escargot as a starter.. delicious as always..for my entree I had the scallops and risotto which was very tasty and the perfect amount of everything.. the sauce was creamy and flavorful.. also complimented the scallops very well.I have yet to try the sweetbreads and other dishes that Chapeau! has to offer.. Will definitely be back..
I had my birthday dinner here on a recent trip to SF. I absolutely LOVE french food and Chapeau did not disappoint. Everything from the bottle of wine, to the sweet breads to the coffee and dessert...it was amazing. I still have dreams about that meal. I cannot wait to go to SF and eat at Chapeau. The restaurant is small but cozy. The decor was simple. Our waiter was really nice. Actually, the whole waitstaff was superb. They were on top of everything. If you're thinking about trying this place....just do it. So delicious :]
At +1300 reviews with an average 4.5 star rating, Chapeau is set up for high expectations.The wife and I both settled for the 3 course prefix menu. We get to choose one appetizer, one entree, and a dessert each. To start off, the waiter brought us a amuse bouche, salmon tatare crostini. It was kind of the chef but the fish didn't seem that fresh. For appetizer, I had the seared foie gras. Likely the best dish of the meal, the apple works well with the liver. The wife had the artichoke and dungeness crab soup. She said it didn't look too appetizing and she wished more crab meat was present. We were both disappointed in our entrees. The seared salmon was very dry and the cassoulet de toulouse was protein heavy but needed more flavor and starch other than the beans. The desserts were pretty good, warm chocolate cake with banana flambee and the apple tart. Both dessert came with hazelnut ice cream. Let's just say this place is OVER-YELP.
Combination of service, friendliness, and food quality.The filet mignon was perfectly cooked. Salmon trio was a multilayered dish of texture and taste.Definitely order the flan as well.
This place has awesome food and solid service. Perfect for dates or dinner with family or small group of friends. I am never disappointed when I am leaving this place, and everyone I take with me ends up raving about it for a long time. You "have" to make a reservation in advance, it's always packed, especially on the weekends. I haven't yet tried the prime rib for 2, but pretty much everything else on the menu is amazing.
This was an excellent dinner experience. I love the chestnut soup and the cassoulet. It's really hard to keep space for dessert, but the creme brle is perfect (and may be shared). Bravo!
So don't be confused with the subtle logo or the two doors at the front of the restaurant. If you're looking at a hat logo, you're in the right place. If you don't know which door to enter, it's the one on the right! I hope that happened to more people besides me....Reservations for a party of two. Definitely get yourself a reservation. You're already on yelp! Open tables is as easy as it gets. Do it and you won't regret it. Arrived about 15 minutes before the reservation because we lucked out with street parking. We both got the 3 course meal which is extremely worth it! I know how to eat my money's worth, and if that is something you like to do, 3 course is the way to go. You basically pick from any appetizer, entree, and dessert. What's for dinner?:AppetizersTrio of Salmon- YES. This was really tasty!!! Mountain of raw fish and a few pieces of roe. Confusing eggs on the side probably meant just for decoration but I love eggs! So even though I thought it was random, I didn't mind too much. French Onion Soup- MMMM. It was quite tasty as well. Nice portion and great melted cheese! Being someone who loves cheese, I could always do with more but if you've got the entire surface covered, you're doing a good job! The soup is more on the sweet than salty side. So whatever you prefer I guess?EntreesFilet Mignon- HELL YES. If you aren't getting the filet mignon, you aren't eating your money's worth. Do yourself and your tummy a favor: order this. A MUST! Amazing mushrooms, sauce, roasted potatoes, and cooked to perfection. I finished my entire cut and practically licked my plate clean. *PLUS you may also add bone marrow for an additional $5 so I didn't hesitate to do that! Perfect with my meal!Cassoulet De Toulouse- EH. I can definitely do WITHOUT. Good thing for me I ordered the filet! My boyfriend ordered this one. Had a bite and thought THANK GOD THAT'S NOT MINE. It was cooked well but nothing amazing or foodgasmic in your mouth. DessertsFrench toast- YES YES YES. The French toast was amazingly toasted. The sauce was a perfect compliment and the ice cream was a plus. I couldn't get enough of this. Creme Brle- YUM. Definitely a decent sized dessert to yourself. Thick layer of sugar which is my absolute favorite part. And the vanilla bean was satisfying. Not too sweet and still managed to taste great. I was hoping for a mixed drink with my meal but it looked like everything was just wine. I decided to pass. But by the end of my meal, I was incredibly satisfied with my meal and the service. I was constantly getting my water refilled without ever having to ask. Some people complained about the inability to hear or have their own conversation, but honestly it's not that bad. It's a small restaurant so don't expect so much people! If you're having inappropriate table talk, then I can see why you would be so upset at the possibility of being overheard, but we were able to have a conversation just fine. A few times we giggled about what the table next to us was talking about, but that's on you. Keep your private conversation down, and your problem is solved! To get into my seat I had to turn sideways to get between the two tables. Of course, while people are eating, they don't want a face full of your booty so make sure the bigger person sits on the outside, another problem problem solved.
Love this place! Both food and service were excellent, we had such a wonderful thanksgiving dinner! Chef and the servers were super friendly and food was top notch! Will definitely be coming back here soon, thank you Chapeau!
this review is waaaaaaay long due from last year. will keep this review short.food here is great, i'm not really crazy about french cuisine but this place is a must try. service is great and food is great. don't remember what i ordered but i do remember i did order the escargot and it was delicious, and for desert i ordered the creme brulee and it was fantastic. i'd love to come back here again to try the other dishes from the menu.
This review might be a little bias - I always get a special treatment from the staff. I love how warm they are and the way they interact with customers. The service is very good and the food is absolutely amazing!The menu is simple but everything tastes great. I highly recommend it!
Best french restaurant in town. Always invite my wife and family there for big occasions and am never disappointed. I'm not even usually a desert person (let's say I'm super picky), but at Le Chapeau, I'm always impressed by was they have to offer.
Wow! Overall a great experience at Chapeau! The waiter was absolutely helpful and the executive chef was extremely kind and welcoming. My friend and I specifically enjoyed the escargot, filet mignon, duck breast, and the French toast the most. We'll definitely be retuning. Great atmosphere, stellar service, and quality French food!
This was the perfect meal. My boyfriend got the Chef's Menu and I went with three courses. Everything we got was unique and fantastic.We started with the Veal Sweetbreads and a Fourma d'Ambert Tarte. Though I always shy away from the sweetbreads, Chapeau's was flavorful and fantastic. My boyfriend also liked how the frise salad and the pear complemented the pastry shell.Next, we shared a skate wing that just melted in our mouth. It was my personal favorite of the meal! My boyfriend loved the Filet Mignon, which he got with bone marrow, and I picked the Cassoulet de Toulouse, though it was a bit too heavy and rustic for my taste.The chocolate cake was, as expected, rich and Nuage de Noix was unlike anything I've had before, though the bf was very meh over it.Overall, I would definitely recommend stopping by!
I had the most amazing experience. Is the third time I went with my husband Anderson and we loved.They keeping getting better. Marc the server is fantastic. ( the best )Chapeau! and Gary danko are the best Restaurant in SF.
I really liked Chapeau--such an adorable little french bistro in the Richmond district. The food was amazing and the wine list extensive. Be prepared to shell out some dough though--and some time. This isn't a place to go if you are in a hurry or on a budget. As a party of three, we had the Fourme d'Ambert Tart, Sweetbreads, and Trio of Salmon to start. I thought the tart was amazing. For entrees we ordered the Scallop Risotto (a special that night), the Filet with bone marrow (out of this world), and the Bouillabaisse. All three were excellent, except I think my Risotto took the gold:-) Testarossa Pinot was on the wine list, which was a really nice surprise--we ordered two bottles. The service was great.I'll add that the chef was absolutely adorable and made a point to visit our table during our meal, and he also came out to the curb when we were leaving to say au revoir. Really thoughtful. I would definitely go back again for a special occasion.
We had a GREAT meal at Chapeau! The service and food was excellent. I wish I had forgone the escargot but only because I should have tried something different. The 4 course meal was great. They even gave me the loading zone parking spot because I had made a reservation and was running late. I love the small room atmosphere... and it' so classy for the chef to make rounds greeting guests. Our server was very nice and patient with our ignorance of French food. We'll definitely come back when we can afford it! Spent about $220 with tip for the 4 course and a glass of wine each. Well worth it. We were stuffed by the time dessert came though so that was a bit of a waste. Entrees were larger than I expected.
I went to culinary school, and I have to say this is a very contemporary french dining establishment with very reasonable prices for the quality of food served.This was my birthday dinner present from my fiance, she did all of the research.We started with the Salad Nioise, then I tried the skate and my fiance ordered the PEI mussels with french fries.Everything was sooooo fresh and full of flavor.Portion sizes were good for fine dining.We finished off with a Baked Alaskan, my fiance told them it was my birthday on the reservations and nothing happened, which I don't care about but I think she was a bit disappointed.They present your check in a hat, which was cute. Service was very good, and my water glass was refilled like 5 times!The wine list is a bit overpriced but that is probably standard practice at a place like this.I would recommend this place.The other thing was that the night we went on there was very little choices on entrees for someone who doesn't eat beef or lamb.
The wife and I got away on her birthday weekend and Chapeau was our last destination on the trip. We definitely thought it was a great way to cap off the entire weekend.We both got the 4 course tasting menu which allows you to choose whatever you want off the regular menu to build your courses. Of course you still are limited to picking from the apps, entrees, and desserts per course...you can't just pick 4 entrees in case you were wondering haha.Everything was seriously D-Lish. The waiter first brought out a little taster "compliments of the chef", it was just a spoonful of a creamy pesto, fingerling potato and ham...but what a bite! It was one of my wife's favorites of the weekend haha.We got into our appetizers soon after, I had the sweetbreads and she got the salmon carpaccio. I seriously loved the carpaccio, honestly one of the best sashimi/fish carpaccio appetizer type dishes I've had. It had a really light and buttery vinaigrette over the top of it all, with crunchy toasted hazelnuts, fried garlic chips and a few other herbs and spices and sprouts. It was seriously just good shiz between the contrasting textures and flavors. awesome! The sweetbreads were good too but it was just a little big and rich for an appetizer. I'd totally recommend it if you're down with sweetbreads.Our next dish was our tasting fish of the night which was a scallop on top of a pesto risotto. Another home run dish for chapeau, there's few scallop dishes that I would put above this one that I've personally had. The Risotto was of perfect consistency, not to creamy and to soupy, it was just perfect and the pesto went really well inside of it. The scallop was seared exactly right, and on the bottom of everything sat a brown butter sauce, that had a hint of sweetness to it to help pull it all together. Loved this dish immensely!for the entree I got the filet and the wife got the pork tenderloin. I personally thought hers was really good but wouldn't have wanted to eat the whole thing. It was a tad on the sweet side for me, but to each their own because she loved it and thought it was better than my filet. Me on the other hand loved the filet and wanted more of it. Again it was topped with more french butter sauciness in a mushroom reduction. It was cooked perfectly medium rare and it was the melt in your mouth steak that everybody writes about when they've had a good steak. We ended the meal with the lava cake and the french toast...I'd go with the french toast any day of the week. I love lava cake, but it was just so rich and to end a rich french buttery meal with more rich was just blah. the warm french toast cut through it all, and the ice cream on the side helped too.Great food, decent service, and alright ambience and all at a price that makes you smile...i'd give it a solid 4.7 stars
Been to Chapeau! 4 or 5 times now. It is consistently very good. The staff is always very friendly, and the chef/owner always does the rounds greeting everyone. For me, it's the type of place where I tend to get the same dishes over and over because I crave them.
This place is amazing, I love the BoncherCronch it was super delicious!
The food was good, the service not. Space is tight / atmosphere loud.The bad service was entirely due to one very brusque and aloof / slow witted Asian waitress. She pressured us to take a specific champagne without giving us the wine menu, interrupted us while we tried to order, and brushed us off when we asked for our coats. Every other worker there was friendly. I'm guessing the waitress would not have been hired if she weren't the wife of the owner.As others mentioned, the dessert is the best part of the meal. Everything else was good but not life changing.If you go as a pair, ask for the seats by the window unless you enjoy hearing your neighbor's conversation.
A bit crowded, nice food, the waiter could be nicer.
Great food great service great wine list, vegetarian options, fantastic desserts and reasonable prices- who could ask for anything more!!! We went to Chapeau for a birthday celebration and had a wonderful time!!! Highly recommended neighborhood gem.
I went to Chapeau with my family for my mom's birthday last year. I was in my third trimester with gestational diabetes, so I had to be careful with what I ate. Since it was her birthday, though, I opted to splurge a bit. I ordered their special 3 course meal, because their prices were reasonable. I selected the escargot, the canard au miel and the baked alaska. All were excellent, even the coffee! The service was also excellent, and I've kept it on my list of fave restaurants. The best thing about this meal was my blood sugar level NEVER took a hit! When I checked my level, it was normal! Woooooo!Then imagine my surprise when I just saw this lovely bistro featured on a crappy show like Mystery Diners! Not only was the owner supposedly receiving complaints about the service (of which I never experienced nor witnessed while I was there), but the son was making out with the hostess? Unless there had been a drastic change, my family and I were not greeted by an Asian-ish hostess! We were greeted by the owner himself! Now, I sit here confused, because it wasn't that long ago (less than a year) that I experienced such fantastic food and service at this bistro. Perhaps things changed since my time there. Maybe the owner added a hostess and the service mysteriously tanked since I ate there. Given the articles I've read about Mystery Diners, I highly doubt it.Either way, I enjoyed my experience, and I won't let a bunch of malarkey like Mystery Diners taint my time there. I plan to go back when my now daughter is old enough to be a bit more independent, and I can casually eat without her destroying everything around her or freaking out if I'm gone for a few hours.I look forward to my next baked alaska, and I think I'll try the filet mignon next time. :)
Everything about this place was amazing! The service the food the ambiance! Must check it out!
Pros: - Food is tasty- Most of the staff is friendly and competent.Cons:- Had to wait 20 minutes even though we had a reservation- Hostess was inattentive and unfriendly- Acoustics in this place are HORRIBLE. You can barely hear someone sitting 2 feet away from you. This could be easily remedied by placing some sound-absorbing tiles on the ceiling or walls, like the B-Star Bar across the street has done. I like the food and the people, but considering that this restaurant has a reputation for being ultra-premium, the noise levels and long waiting here are unacceptable.
This was our second visit here. Our last visit was so long ago I couldn't really remember if we thought the food was special or not.We didn't have reservations so they seated us at the bar counter... the bartender was friendly- maybe a tad too friendly as he unabashedly flirted with my wife... wasn't sure if I should be annoyed or just consider this a French thing and part of the experience...Anyway...To celebrate my wife's business success, I decided we'd get the duck salads, filet mignon steaks with bone marrow, & deserts... I had a glass of wine...The whole meal added up to over $250... The duck salad was great (almost a meal in itself)... the filet mignon was cooked perfectly... the profiteroles were a letdown... All in all, a good meal but minus 2 stars for presumptuous bartender, disappointing desert, and steep price tag...
Been here twice and the first time, I really enjoyed my experience and the food. However, the second time around, I was utterly disappointed. While there are still some standout moments, I expected a lot more for the price. The first time around, everything was delicious, well prepared, and overall a great dining experience. The reason for the 3 stars is in combination with the second experience, which was mediocre at best. My biggest complaint is the entree, it lacked flavored and was not a well rounded dish. And everything else we order was not very good either. If I remember correctly, I had a halibut in a broth and some seasoned vegetables on the side ( this was the only fish selection of the night) and it was not very good. Fish was cooked okay but the components all together was meh. One thing I do enjoy is that the chef does step out of the kitchen to greet the customers but on that night, he greeted us twice and honestly, I thought the second time was him being funny. We also were seated really late, despite having a reservation but they provided us with a free app that was good (it was a wrapper shrimp, poo was still included). I do, however love the bread here. It is always good. But I can't seem to remember too much about the perks of this restaurant. I do think it was an off day for the menu so I will try to visit again, in hopes of an experience closer to my first visit.
The food here is out of this world...and very affordable. Most French restaurants of this caliber are double the price. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner earlier this evening and I could not be more excited to write this review. We ordered the chef's prixe fixe menu for $65/person. They also offer a 3-course prixe fixe menu for $40/person, in addition to their quite extensive a la carte menu. Normally, the portions at French restaurants are on the small side, but we left completely stuffed!The chef's prixe fixe consisted of:- Cauliflower amuse bouche- The landaise salad (which we ordered because they were out of their usual Nicoise salad) - one of the best things I have ever tasted. It comes with frise, duck confit, and smoked duck magret. SO GOOD. - The halibut carpaccio, topped with toasted hazelnuts and some finely chopped tropical fruit. The contrast of flavors and textures of this dish were amazing. Salty hazelnuts vs. sweet fruit, buttery halibut vs. crunchy hazelnuts, I think you get the picture....- Lemon-ginger sorbet to cleanse the palate- The filet mignon - was very tender and nicely accompanied by oyster mushrooms and potatoes- Vanilla bean crme brle - perfectly light and creamy- Warm chocolate cake with banana flambe & rum-raisin ice cream - heaven on earthAltogether, it was an absolutely delicious meal from the first bite, to the last. Every dish was equally outstanding. Also, the very friendly head chef, came out to greet us several times throughout our meal, a nice touch. The only thing keeping this from a perfect 5 stars is that our server forgot bring one of the appetizers I ordered, and I asked twice about when it would come. Nonetheless, this place has amazing food, with reasonable prices. I highly recommend.
AMAZING FRENCH FOOD.A wonderful place to dine for intimate dinners. Arrive early or make reservations!
All in all, a cute place for a romantic meal.I got the escargots - they were great but a bit too peppery than I'd like them to be.Skate wing - cooked perfectly but the dish just looked messy when it came out. Wish they would present this better.Creme Brle - great taste but wish that they would have the top layer a bit thicker for a bigger contrast in texture.Overall, everybody enjoyed their dishes. One of the standouts was the basil dessert. Really refreshing and delicious. Was it worth the price? Definitely not, but it was still a good time with great people.
Went here for Dine About Town, but unfortunately we'd come on a Friday, and it wasn't offered. SOK though, they have a near identical menu option for only 6 dollars more, so we gave it a go.Glad we did.Everything was perfect, so I'll list what it was:Terrine de Foie de Volaille - savory and delicious. Excellent with the bread served on the plate, and the bread served to the side with dinner.Cassoulet de Toulouse - Magnificent. Tender meat, great sauce, mmm. perfect.Canard au Miel & aux pices - Duck is the best, what can i say. Accompaniments were delightful.Baked Alaska - such an odd dish, and done extremely well. Cold/hot, tangy/sweet, great.Finally, an off menu lime pie was offered as an apology for the Dine-About-Town mix up. Unasked for, and provided with a smile. It is exactly my sort of pie, and it was much appreciated.
Food: 4 starswe have 2 three course menu and 2 chef's tasting menu. We have trio of salmon, Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads, as appetizers. Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin, Filet Mignon, lamb shank as entrees. Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle,French Toast, Basil Napoleon, Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake as dessert. Everything is good. But not surprisingly good as our experience in Chez TJService: 5 starsThe waiter and waitress are extremely friendly and charming. This place is a kid friendly place. My 10 month old baby sit through for 2 hours! One waiter is especially friendly and nice to him, talking to him, playing with him a lot. I'll definitely come back again
With such high reviews, I wanted to love this place but it missed the mark. Food is GOOD, ambience is GOOD, service is solid, but nothing blew me away. Glad I tried it, but definitely didn't live up the expectations set by all of the Yelp reviews.
Service and quality of food was impeccable. Great spot for a date night or treating your folks. One of my favorite restaurants in the city --would easily put this in the top five places I've been to in sf. Reservations are a must :).
What a pleasant experience! We noticed that all the tables were booked and the hostess had told us that we may have to sit at the bar unless we would like to wait and see if the tables will be full due to reservation. But then the chef greeted us personally and seated us even though we didn't have a reservation. We did the 3 course meal - my husband ordered the escargot, filet mignon medium, and the baked Alaskan dessert; I ordered the Salmon Trio, Sauteed black cod with oxtail, and the Nuage de Noix dessert. Everything was delicious even the cauliflower soup shot was very creamy and delicious. We definitely want to come back here.
This place is wonderful. Get whatever the Frenchies say is best that night. Get whatever French wine they say goes best. Have a blast. Pay the check. Perfect date. Don't think. Just do.
Since I am French, the last place I wanted to go was a French restaurant. My roommate convinced me to try Chapeau! and I will remain forever grateful for that. Wine was amazing, food was terrific (this French toast!!!), service was very friendly (the chef, Philippe, walks around the restaurant and ask feedback to every client).
3.5 Stars for food.Cauliflower Soup- tastes like clam chowder minus all the clam and ish. delicious.Prix Fix menu 1:Trio of Salmon- the perfect texture, flavor, and portion to start the meal.Bacon wrapped tenderloin- the bacon was lost in the flavorless porkChocolate Cake- I was expecting chocolate to ooze out from the cake but nope. Chef's Menu:Tiger Prawns- Green Apple Palate Cleanser- I'm not really a fan of sorbet but this was excellent. Very refreshing.Filet Mignon- nicely cooked. the sauce and potatos really brought everything together. save the complimentary bread and dip it in the sauce!-don't let it go to waste!French Toast- One of the best dishes of the whole meal.Pleasant but unmemorable meal. Service was spot on.Chapeau serves French food but the only part of the meal that seemed French inspired were the 2 kisses I received from the Chef.
This is such a cute and cozy little place. They gave us a little cauliflower appetizer to start with. Nice touch. Not a big bread eater but the bread was fresh.I had: the trio of salmon. YUM.The Skate ring fish. Tasty. But then the next morning, I googled "Skate Fish" and this is what came up. tinyurl.com/llumfwv ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.Now, I am kinda a bit horrified that I ate that. My friend had the bacon wrapped pork, which was good, and it came with a turnip puree that was delicious! I very much enjoyed the basil napoleon for dessert. I give this place four stars because I liked it so much, even with the Jurassic looking creature I ate. Bon A petit.
Worth a trip for the french toast dessert! So freaking good. Otherwise, I was disappointed with the food. Cauliflower soup was very nice, escargot fairly bland, the skate smelled like ammonia a bit, and the duck was over cooked. Still work going to for the dessert.Place is a little run down too. And the service was a little much.
I went here with my partner for our first valentines day celebration. We had an pleasant time!! It has a nice upscale romantic feel. Perfect for young couples that have money to burn. We decided to come here after they had a Groupon up. Usually most upscale restaurants treat customers with Groupons not as well but this place was not the case. The servers were attentive and very courteous! They helped us decide on a perfect plate for each of us. The food was plated beautifully and it was very delicious! The portions were perfect. Not to small but not too big. This place was a perfect first valentines place. I'm looking forward when we both eat here again.
seven:thirty pm reservation on saturday...a busy evening and completely full...small table ready and waiting...quaint and nice, but extremely cramp...maximizing on tables...nearly a foot apart from neighboring...privacy and conversations an issue...wine observing and glass selection very limited...choice of a 2009 honig cabernet sauvignon in half bottle size to start $forty...handshake with the owner before cheers...selecting a three course...appetizer, entree and dessert...$forty.fifty for duck breast dinner with mussels starting and french toast ending....$forty-six.fifty for filet mignon, $five added for steak and another $five extra to add bone marrow, with salmon trio beginning and chocolate cake ending...about $one-hundred-seventy-five dinner for two...mussles and cone of fries near perfect...big portion start...extremely tasty saucing...good for bread dipping...fries cooked soft and limp, but clean, white and tasty start...pretty and perfectly seared sliced duck breast medium rare laying on a bed of polenta and cabbage sheets...floating on a pool of sweet reduction...good marriage of textures and flavors...chewy duck, watery cabbage, grainy polenta and sweet glaze...good, but duck little too chewy...ending in fragile french toast dessert...served slightly soggy, but delicious...scoop of vanilla bean ice cream good...happy ending and a second handshake with owner...maybe he forgot he already came by....trio of salmon a simple sashimi loaf...swirl of fillet and salmon egg decorations...pretty, fresh and a light beginning...ball of filet mignon steak finding little tough and chewy for this cut...similar theme in meat...cubed fried potato and reduction saucing...potato cubes softened...soft center melting...good balance to perfect medium rare steak, but chewy....added bone marrow fine for $five...simple unseasoned marrow...scrape and smear on complimentary bread...cooked perfectly, but needing a sprinkle of salt to bring out the rich flavors..oozing hot chocolate cake ending...careful!..it's hot!...lava of hot chocolate after breaking...dark dark dark chocolate and little little sugar...finding better and great dessert....scoop of ice cream to this too and good match...handshake with waiter before leaving...
I'd say this is one of the best top restaurants I went in San Francisco!Usually high-class restaurants are a disappointment since the food doesn't match but Chapeau! was such an absolutely experience!We made a reservation for 9:30pm on a Saturday night because that was the only time available. Right when we arrived, we were greeted with a warm handshake and small talk from the owner. They definitely made us feel welcome and we didn't mind waiting for our seat. The service was fantastic, and although it was a bit difficult to understand our server, he was very accommodating and made sure our food was perfect :) He also took the time to take 3 group photo of us. Food wise, I ordered the Salmon Trio for appetizer, which was absolutely wonderful. The salmon wasn't too salty and it was fresh and melted in your mouth. They also gave us cauliflower soup in a small teacup, which tasted wonderful and warmed our stomach. I ordered the Vegetarian open faced ravioli which was a unique dish! The ravioli itself was not cut up thin and I loved out the sauce wasn't creamy nor buttery at all! I loved the spinach mixed with the peanuts and the roasted asparagus. Unfortunately, I was so full from the appetizer that I couldn't finish the ravioli but I absolutely loved it. For dessert, we ordered the Basil Napoleon and the French toast. Two unique, sweet, and satisfying dessert to finish off our meal. The basil napoleon was filled with sweet fruits such as peaches, papaya, strawberry, and kiwi and the pastry cream wasn't heavy at all! It just lifted our taste buds. The french toast was really soft and tasted wonderful with the salted caramel ice cream. Overall, it was a wonderful girls' night out dinner and I definitely recommend this restaurant for a cute, cozy setting. The restaurant itself isn't that big and wasn't spacious but was clean and romantic. There is also a small bar on the side :)
Here's what's good about this place even though everything is good: 1. Wait staff was extremely nice and constantly kept pouring water and checking that we were okay. 2. Bread was frigging good. Got three baskets just amongst two people. yes, i love bread!! 3. The Salmon Trio was delicious even though i rarely ever eat fish. This was a huge plus and definite thumbs up!!! 4. Filet was BOMB DOT COM!!!! I wanted to die. The potatoes it came with was also good. Scraffed everything down like a beast. 5. The lamb chops were alsooo amazing along with the ratatouilelejfasla (I can't spell so I'll just button mash). 6. The potato that came with the two entrees was good. Cheese inside and something else.... FAJSAJJFA I wish there was more 7. Chocolate cake wasssss AY MAYYYYY ZING! 8. The pricing is good for the service, food, and portion. Chepeau! Yes, "wow!" is correct.
A wonderful, special occasion place. Cozy but not inordinately noisy. Staff is very attentive. Chef Philippe Gardelle greeted us outside as we were waiting for our table and ran after us as we were heading off into the night after dinner. The food is delightful without being overwhelming. The escargots are not to be missed. I spaced out a bit by ordering the cassoulet. It was as authentic as it gets but didn't really showcase the kitchen's skills. My BFF's petite filet was possibly the most tender I have ever tasted. While we brought wine ($25/bottle corkage) the wine list was very thorough and not out of line with the prices of the food. The per glass list is small but good; I had a St. Joseph to go along with the cassoulet and it was perfect.Parking in the Richmond District can be challenging and no valet parking means you better get there early and plan on going around the block MANY times. Yeah I know: Out-of-towners always complaining about parking in the City. Sheesh.
I just ate dinner here for Dine About Town and I am in LOVE. Immediately upon entering, we were greeted with a friendly handshake from the chef/owner himself. He called me "Madmoiselle" and I was immediately enchanted (plus, I'm a goner for that French accent). Once seated, they place napkin cloths over your lap (fancy) and your server comes by to carefully review what is on the menu and their specials for the night. All in all, in terms of service, I felt like we were treated like princesses and I felt like all the personalized attention and warmth was meant just for us. And the FOOD. Wow. It just blew me away! I decided to go with the Vegetarian Menu while my friends went with the one set up for Dine About Town. All good choices. Our meal even included complimentary bread/butter, and cucumber soup with truffle oil. I fell in love with every dish, my favorite being the dessert. I ordered the french toast with salted caramel ice cream and it was AMAZING. At the end, our bill was given to us in an awesome hat and upon leaving, the chef/owner rushed to the front to give us kisses on each cheek (so cute) and a big thank you for coming. If you're thinking about coming here, GO. The prices might be steep but they do have a prix fixed menu for $44.50 and the food is totally worth it. The ambiance isn't even flashy (for French food, that is) and you'll find yourself completely comfortable and at home here. I will definitely be coming again!
Ok, the food is good, and the price isn't bad. I enjoyed it here, but the service was lacking. And what happened to my wife's filet mignon? She didn't touch it, so we togo it, but when we opened the togo box the next day, it was, literally, only half the size. What happen to the other half? Did they cut it or swap it with another piece? Maybe, it naturally shrank? LOL. I don't know.
I didn't expect much from this restaurant besides the good ratings but it turn out to be the best dining experience I had. The food was great. service was excellent, fun, and casual at the same time. The staff was great but note that this is a fine dinning restaurant . Overall this is the best food I tasted so far.
My poulet was lukewarm and not especially flavorful. With a few glasses of wine about $55 a head.Really charming staff but at least on this visit can't say it was worth the squeeze.
Great food at a great price. Loved the scallops especially.The lamb shank is the only thing I felt was underwhelming.
Had one of the best meals of my life there. Didn't expect much. Had a friend in town and wanted to take him somewhere. Got a very late seating. Everything we had was amazing! Definitely worth checking out.
3.5 StarsLoved the ambiance and interior design of Chapeau! It had a very warm, friendly, and relaxed environment. The service was very attentive and energy of the owner, Phillipe, made the dining experience even better.There were definitely some hits and misses of the night. I came here on a Sunday night thinking I was going to order from the DAT menu, but I realized ordering off of the regular 3 course prix fixe menu was only $3 more. When our server came to the table and told us the specials of the night, I decided I wanted to have a taste of the nightly fish special so I went for the four course instead.Appetizer: Seared foie gras.This was definitely a hit. The foie gras was perfectly seared, and it was so buttery and smooth.  The thinly sliced apples and the sauce worked with the foie gras perfectly! This was probably my favorite dish of the evening.Tasting Fish: Seared scallops on a bed of pesto risotto.It was really a terrible miss. My scallop was not seared at all. When I asked the server, he offered to cook it more for me, but that would make the scallop tough and overcooked. I just said forget it, and ate my unseared scallop. The risotto did not wow me much. It could have been creamier and more fluffy.Main Course: Cassoulet de Toulouse.It sounded so good on the menu because I love duck and lamb, but when I actually tasted it, I wasn't a big fan. There were too many beans, and there was barely any lamb shoulder. The duck leg was good, so I ended up basically just eating the duck leg and stopped there. The two sausages were a bit on the weird side for me. I think this dish was a miss only because of my preference. There was nothing bad about it. I just didn't like it because there were too many beans and not enough lamb. Dessert: French toast with caramel topped with hazelnut ice cream.This definitely was so good after two misses. The french toast was nicely toasted so that it had a good crunch even on a bed of melty hazelnut ice cream. This was a heavy dessert, so I could not even finish the whole thing, but this is one of those items on the menu that should be ordered! This might be the best french toast I have ever tasted! The hazelnut ice cream went really well with the toast. This is an overall extremely sweet dessert, so stay away if you don't like sweets.I really wanted to like this restaurant more, but I think I ordered some of the wrong things on the menu. I love the environment and energy of this whole restaurant. It's a great place to take a date because the food comes out slowly, and you'll have lots of time to talk to one another. The entrees my friends ordered tasted much better than mine, so if I had ordered the bacon wrapped pork and skipped scallops then I would have given it the four stars it deserves.
I really enjoyed Chapeau! and am excited to go back for a special occasion. Food was awesome, as well as the service, and the chef even comes out to personally greet patrons in the dining room. My husband and I arrived one Friday night without a reservation, but we were pleasantly welcomed in and nobody rushed us. I highly recommend the prix fixe which includes appetizers and dessert. One can tell that there is pride in every dish, as everything is cooked with great care and fabulous presentation. See my picture of the amazing tropical-themed dessert!
The food here is orgasmic! Great for couples. Casual to elegant. Classy French taste. NYC service style, Personal and fast. Nice ambience, perfect to impress.
Excellent food. Had to ask then to remove my plate when finished is the only reason not a five star. Had duck which was excellent. The chef is very personable and his food is amazing. I took my mom and my mother in law here for mother's day and it was perfect.
C'est Magnifique!Don't be alarmed, when you first walk in you are going to be greeted and not in the cool mannered San Franciscan way but by a very friendly French man (owner and chef of the restaurant).Dinner was superb, all my companions were very happy with their orders. I got the filet mignon and loveeeed the "Sauce  la Prigourdine" that the entree sat upon.For dessert a must have is the french toast, soft caramel with hazelnut ice cream. My only regret is that I decided to share it :)Bill is $$$ for sure but if you can resist the allure of wine you may be able to keep it around $50/person.
Perfect for what it is - a classic French bistro-neighborhood spot. It feels like they've been doing it for a while.  Well established, well executed recipes that bring you back to an experience long ago. For us it was either a neighborhood place in Saint Germain and corner spot in Midtown NYC. Very reasonably priced - its the perfect spot for a first date (not too showy but not grimey either), a drop by impromptu dinner if you're in the area, or double date. The wine list complements the food and extremely affordable as to encourage lots of imbibing. The salmon trio was fantastic and the cassoulet a must have. We also really enjoyed the escargot! Fresh and just the right texture. The ghee and parsley mixture was just right - not too greasy at all!  Personally I prefer a super crispy sweetbread (think fancy chicken mcnugget) and these are more traditionally soft. The sauce was spectacular and just full of umami from the truffle and demiglace.And now for the service. This is what makes us want to become regulars despite living across town. The service is heartfelt and warm. The executive chef walks about and love talking about his methods and explains how he makes his own charcuterie.
I would like to give "Chapeau!" all the stars in the sky. I had dinner there for the first time on Saturday and I felt like if I was at my favorite restaurant in Paris. The food is exquisite, the service is amazing and the ambiance is vibrant. Philippe, the owner, was a great attentive host. Chapeau is now my favorite restaurant in SF! I totally recommend Chapeau foodies.
I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time, its always so hard to get reservations but my friend made it happen. This place is really good and worth the wait. I came here recently with my girlfriends and we got a free complimentary truffle soup and it was delicious. I ordered the filet mignon and added the bone marrow and it was cooked perfectly, I highly recommended it. The owner is really sweet sand came to say hi to all of us too.
Moved out to Sausalito two years ago from nyc, where we have eaten at many french restaurants.  Chapeau reminded me of one of my favorites, La MIrabelle on 86ht street, because of the high quality food, and the warm, unpretentious wait staff and management. We had the Salmon (seared and lightly smoked) and the duck entree) and both were very finely flavored, prepared and presented.The onion soup was the best i have had, and the corn chowder also delicious.The pear/escarole frisee w/ balsamic reduction was.. well i could have just eaten a giant size of this for my dinner. fantastic.I liked that this is not a fancy place, that it is family friendly, and that the food is authentic, prepared with skill, and beautiful, without being too beautiful. I don't need Coi level of beauty in the food i eat.Joe
This is a very nice French restaurant. Truly a nice thing to find at the end of Clement Street and surrounded I so many mediocre restaurants on Clement Street.
This place was packed on Sunday night - it gets a little stuffy in there so be prepared. Service gets a little slow but the server brought some puff pastry which helped with the wait. For my appetizer I got a sort of pear tart which was amazing. Everything went together perfectly and the flavors were great. My boyfriend got the Salade Landaise; the duck confit on it was amazing. However, the smoked Duck Magret on top of the salad was so salty it kind of covered the taste of everything else.My boyfriend got a glass of cabernet, but it had cork in it. The server replaced it for us right away with no fuss. For our entrees I got the salmon and my boyfriend got the filet mignon. The filet mignon was super tender and cooked perfectly. The knife sliced right through with ease. The mushroom sauce on it was also extremely good. Presentation was a little lacking as it was placed kind of off to the side of the plate; however it was delicious so whatever :-p. I did't like my salmon as much. The mussels that came with it were too salty and the hickory smoked salmon was way too hickory smoked for my liking. In fact, I felt the salmon was a little overdone. However, the mashed potatoes that came with the salmon were super good. Dessert was one of my favorite parts of the meal! I ordered the amazing Nuage de Noix - soooo good. I loved the pistachio crumble on top as well as the walnuts throughout the lovely frozen cream. SO GOOD. My boyfriend ordered the Basil Napoleon which was very fragrant but no where close to what we though it'd be. We thought it'd be a napoleon ckae, with the alternating puff pastry and cream layers; it was more of a fruit salad with custard and wafers.  I think my overall conclusion is that the food gets to be pretty salty and service can be slow which is the only reason for the minus star. However, I loved Chef Phillip - very friendly and a big jokester. It was great that he came out to say goodbye. :)
Sweet and warm little French bistro..party of 8 to celebrate friends b-day..wonderful service and foods... great! Fresh! So glad to come here with more friends, so we can try almost all dishes can't bet the price with their quality . Thanks for Philippe and manager stop by greeting and making sure we are happy with everything . Sure is "wow"! Must say save some room for their desserts ...are amazing! Beside the parking part..this is a must try French Bistro! Loves to come again :)
Amazing French food. Everything here is incredibly satisfying and their early bird prefix menu prices aren't too harsh on the wallet.This is a great little place to celebrate intimately, and the staff is extremely friendly.Although I'm a fan of everything here, my favorites are the baked brie, the filet mignon and definitely the bone marrow.
Very good spot for nice dinners and classy/romantic dates. The food was very good, exceptional service, and prices are fair. Came here for an anniversary dinner expecting to spend over 100$ easily, but surprisingly came out just under 100$ yay
I tried this place on a recommendation from a fellow Yelper and what an experience. This is a no nonsense establishment with French food at its finest. Not to mention fine service. They made us feel like home unlike some fancy swanky restaurants with their nose pointed up in the air. The chef even came by our table multiple times to check up on us. That's right the CHEF!They started us off with an Amuse Bouche (red bell pepper soup) and bread. Then our appetizers:The wifey ordered the salmon trio that she scarfed down like she hadn't eaten in days it was so good. I ordered the sweetbread and O M G! Rich, creamy and full of flavor, this was the highlight of my dinner. I was kinda skeptical about the dish, cuz if you look it up to see what it is it doesn't sound to appetizing. But it was worth every penny and its a must try. Next time I'll have it for my entree. Entree:Duck breast done med rare over polenta for the Mrs. and the lamb shank over mash potatoes for myself. Not to mention a nice Cali red to pair it up. Both dishes were spot on and exceeded our expectations. Dessert:1. Chocolate molten cake with caramel sauce and a side of coconut ice cream (good)2. Nuage De Noix (thickened cloud) BOMB!3. Coffee to help digestFinally the check comes in a hat (Chapeau = hat)! On exit the chef shook my hand and gave the wifey a kiss on both cheeks Frenchy style!
Food was terrible. -*Crowded seating.-*Belligerent chef talking to everyone. -*
The environment and food / drink are what I expected for a good French restaurant.  It's expensive considering adding the health tax / sales tax and tips.  It's worth it for special occasions.
If you are looking for an intimate french dining experience off the beaten path, this is the perfect place. The food was elegantly prepared. The cauliflower soup was decadent. Try the french toast dessert and order a lemon drop drink. The only thing that would have made this a better experience is if the waiter spoke french. Phillips, the chef, comes out often to meet guests which made us feel very special.
My experience here was very good, if you like French food and the vibe you'll definitely be satisfied. I went with a bunch of friends and they liked it. I don't normally go for French food but the staff was very helpful and knowledgeable in explaining things.
The environment and wait staff were top notch when I visited for a dinner on a weekday. Water was always full, utensils and plates were replaced consistently, and staff was attentive.1st dish: salad - great tasting dressing and texture was good.2nd dish: skate wing - flavorful fish with capers and radish, yum!3rd dish: french toast with caramel ice cream - this dish was good, but not wow.Overall a great place to experience French cuisine! I will definitely be coming back for special moments.
Great food and prices. Place is kind of small. Staff is all very friendly. Can't say much more than I can't wait to go back.
I was highly anticipating a memorable evening with amazing food and preferred service, and it delivered. Small ambience, and very romantic. The staff was something out of a movie. We each had a 5 course meal and each were superb. Filet mignon lived up to the hype, but the apple dessert was phenomenal. Highly recommend even if it's a bit pricy.
I might change my mind about French food. As everyone has mentioned, the owner and his wife are great -- their attentiveness really gives the restaurant a warm and inviting feeling. I had a great dinner here with the BF where we both did the 3 course menu with dessert (and an extra dessert thrown in). The apps were solid and my main course (a vegetarian stuffed pumpkin) was excellent. Everything was very rich (as expected at a French restaurant) and flavorful. One other bonus - they offer 1/2 glasses of wine so you can switch it up by course if you want to match each without going overboard.We'll definitely be back to try everything on the menu. In the meantime, one word: profiteroles. Save room.
I took my wife here for the last anniversary and we were both very happy. Strange items on the menu but hey, it's French food! I had the skate, she had something pork. Both were wonderful flavors unlike anything else we'd had previously. Friendly and good service. We'll be back.
Seriously...nothing special... Filet: Try Socal's Mastro's, way better.Lava cake: Roy's tastes better. If you like chocolate souffle, try Irvine's bistango.We also ordered french onion soup (4 star, pretty good), trio of salmon (2 star, it has fishy taste), duck breast (3.5 star, just average),Profiteroles (3 star, another average dish).Maybe for fine-dine it's pretty cheap, that's why it has a 4.5 star review from almost 2000 people?At least we are pretty disappointed at this place.
Chapeau is my favorite French restaurants in the City. With the foie gras ban right around the corner, my girlfriends & I got together for one last foie gras soiree. Normally, I try to book our reservations a minimum of 2-3 weeks in advance but we lucked out last night as the matre d' was able to squeeze us in last minute on a Saturday night. We literally got the last seat in the house. If you're dining here, be sure to order off the pre-fixe menus. They offer both a 3 & 4 course option as well as a vegetarian selection. Some of my favorite highlights of the menu:-Seared Foie Gras-Corn Soup-Scallops-Filet Mignon w/ bone Marrow-Duck Breast-Baked Alaska-2007 Gewrztraminer I also hear that the Escargot & the Rack of Lamb are superb
We went here for our anniversary since my husband is french, and we both love French food. I called and asked for a nice table since it's a special occasion, i.e. our anniversary. We get to the restaurant and it's busy, so we get seated at a table in the middle of this small restaurant, which is probably the worse table you can get. So I say "I made reservations...etc", the hostess apologizes says they are very busy today. At this point I guess we should have just let, but after looking for parking for 10 min we decided to make the most of it. Pros: It's a cute place. The owner was super friendly and nice, checked on us a few times. My husband liked his dish, he got Cassoulet de Toulouse and said it was great. I tried it, and it actually was pretty good.Cons: We were seated in the middle of the restaurant near the kitchen, and a few times the waiter bumped into us. I ordered Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin, except that's not what I got, instead it was just a mixture of random things which didn't taste good. Perhaps it was just because there were busy and messed up. Overall, it was an OK experience, too $$$ for what it was and they should have took better care of us after giving us the worst table at the restaurant for our anniversary dinner, so to sum up - we were a bit disappointed :(
I loved my dining experience at Chapeau! We were greeted by the chef as soon as we entered the restaurant and he made us feel very welcome and comfortable. I have to say though, the menu is one of the most confusing menus I've ever seen b/c there are so many different pairing options (chef's menu, dine about town, 4-course), so it takes awhile to figure out what's the best combination for you to get, if any.  The bouillabaisse is a must try...the flavor of the broth was spot on and the seafood was cooked to perfection. I also had the escargot and some mussels as appetizers, and both were delicious. The dessert profiterole was a little too rich and sweet for my taste so I couldn't enjoy it to the last bite, but it was good. The restaurant's very charming and not too loud...a perfect date spot!
The food was delicious but the ambience leaves something to be desired. I especially liked the trio of salmon appetizer and the cream of cauliflower amuse-bouche. My filet with black truffle sauce was prepared perfectly. I only wish the decor and general ambiance were more romantic, or that it would possess some indication that those facets were addressed thoughtfully.
As the very first restaurant to serve me French cuisine, I definitely chose wisely. Memorable dishes for me are the steak, sweetbreads, mussels, and the chef's choice amuse-bouche. They are always a pleasant surprise. I will relay the story of my latest encounter. My friend and I came for a trip to San Francisco. I wanted to have some really good food and I knew I could count on Chapeau!. She had the steak and I had the mussels frites. I love their mussel frites as I can use the bread to soak up all the goodness that's left over. My friend loved her steak and raved about the quality of the butter and the banana ice cream.Chapeau! also makes really good desserts for after dinner, either if you have had dinner here or somewhere else in the area. A little pricier dessert but worth it.I actually have been to Chapeau! when they were at their smaller location that was further down Clement Street. And I have been at the 'new' location when it was both Clementine and Chapeau!. Also if you can find any way to eat before 6pm, the early bird special is a RIDICULOUS deal.
Second time here, even more delicious than the first. Came here with 2 other friends to celebrate my 28th bday.Great service. Forgot his name but he was a younger gentleman that said he started not too long ago. He was excellent! I felt like the other servers were trying to give him a hard time, but being a server myself for 5 years I thought he was on top of it. Warm bread and some butter. yum. Goat cheese starter. Interestingly yummy! the goat cheese was whipped and not too overwhelming. Seared scallop with pea risotto. the sauce is addicting. Did the ribeye dinner which was HUGE. Came with 3 (4?) pieces of bone marrow, two sides of scallops potatoes, and a side of spinach/kale. Wasn't expecting much since it's a french place but OMG the meat was incredibly tender. The gravy that came with it was also amazing!!!!Steamed mussels in white wine sauce with pomme frites. YUM. 3 desserts. French toast which was suggested by our server. AMAZING. Not too sweet and heavy like you'd think. Creme brulee. Always tasty! Chocolate cake w/ ice cream. GAHHH why is everything here so good?! The steak was even amazing the next night!!! I want more
C'est incroyable! My amazing boyfriend took me here recently for my birthday. We both had the prix fix dinner (the special one that had the fish tasting - $49 each) and left extremely satisfied.Appetizers:I got the trio of salmon. It looked like a small portion but was incredibly tasty and surprisingly filling. I think it was one of my favorite dishes of the night! It tastes really good with the bread, and I almost wish they gave me more of that potato chip that was used as decoration! My boyfriend got a rainbow trout dish and it came with a very tasty salad. We both really enjoyed our appetizers because of their quality and their quantity, so it was definitely a good start to our meal!Tasting fish:That night's tasting fish was a scallop (I know right?! A single scallop...and this made our prix fix an additional $9...) on a bed of pesto and creamy rice in a sea of lobster cream sauce. It was really good but I'm not sure if it was worth $9...a little overpriced for the quantity.Entrees:I got the cassoulet de toulouse because I love duck confit, and my boyfriend got the veal sweetbreads (I guess he was feeling particularly adventurous!). My cassoulet was really delicious and came in a huge portion, but at this point I could barely eat any of it because I had gotten 3/4 full from the previous 2 dishes and the bread! It came with shredded lamb and beans in kind of a stew and the duck confit. I think that it was a little salty for my taste but still overall delicious!Dessert:I got the chocolate cake (DIVINE) and my boyfriend got the apple tart. The chocolate cake came with a banana flambe (and I love anything banana flavored!) that offset the bitterness of the dark chocolate. I really loved this cake :)Highly recommended for date night! Get your reservations in early, though, because I think my boyfriend tried to reserve dinner for the 2 of us almost 2 weeks in advance for a Friday night and he still couldn't get a table until 9pm! There aren't many tables inside and it is kind of squished if you come in a party of 2.
So good. I love onion soup and every dishes I had. Little bit disappointed with escargot.
I love this place!! Everything is delicious!! Ellen and Philippe are always friendly and hospitable!! :)
Food is good. Don't deserve 5 stars thoughMost people were nice and attentive but the female owner ( I think ) was kinda forceful on alcoholic beverages. I understand they have to make a profit out of it but there is a line.
Went here on a Monday night as a final dinner for someone flying out in the AM. The service was extremely attentive and the food was AMAZING! The chef even came out several times and checked on us throughout our dinner. I would highly recommend the three course meal (which if you originally order an appetizer and entree, you can switch to when you decide on one of their fabulous desserts) as it saves you a couple of bucks. Overall, a great local find and we look forward to visiting again!
Wow!! What an awesome 1st time experience. My husband and I went here for my bday. Not only was it our 1s time at Chapeau, but it was our 1st time eating French. This will definitely be a go-to spot for special occasions. Our reservations were for 615pm, we arrived on time and were seated right away, and the house was already packed, considering they open at 530p. We ordered their special for the day, a prix fixed selection of; 2 apps, an entree to share and 2 desserts. They came out with freshly baked bread and a tiny bowl of cauliflower soup. So good. Our 1st app came out, seared scallop over a bed of risotto, OMG AfcknMAZING! 2nd app was just a ceasar salad; nothing to really brag about but it was really good as well.For our entree we order the bone-in rib eye steak. It was literally the size of my leg, HUGE!!! (I like it big, but daaamn) ;) they brought it out whole and sliced it at our table, it came with 2 bone marrows for each of us.  Our waiter suggested to order it medium rare and I'm so glad we did. It was moisture in your mouth, melted butter that required almost no chewing, it was ORGASMIC, it was succulent. The bone marrow was just as good. WOW!!! Still fantasizing over that bombass piece of meat!! For dessert we ordered the lemon tart w/raspberry puree, a little to heavy for me after a meal we just had but was very good. Also the french toast w/salted caramel ice cream, hmm, was good but was too soggy for my taste. All in all, it was a fabulous experience, will be back. OH, our waiter, forgot his name, an older french dude with a thick french accent was great!! Very attentive and explained everything to us. He even made his way to the exit to shake our hands goodbye. He was very friendly, liked him so much I might have to request him as our waiter when we visit again.
5 star for its customer service and their main chef.3.5 for its food and price.As expected this place specializes in small portion platters. I am writing a review based on my Valentines day experience.I ordered the 6 Meal Vallentines day dinner course for $120 each. Practically 4 out of the 6 dishes were bite size appetizers or deserts while the remaining two were medium size entres. (My favorite was the Oyster with Caviar and the roasted Quial. The filet minion was ok).The taste was decent and although the place was a bit cramp, I love the way they set up the Valentines day vibe. The lights were dim, few candles, ballons and confetti that was the perfect balance. Nothing too tacky or lovey dovey, the set up was just right.I cannot emphasize how much thanks I have for the head chef. I remember as soon as me and my GF walked out of the restaurant, about half way down the block the head chef ran out towards us. At first I assumed that I had forgotten to sign the tab, however by surprise he just wanted to thank us and gave us both a hug. He expressed to us how much he enjoyed his job and he was very greatful to have us. Hes been working there for over 10 years, so if you are curious to find out who the head chef is, just ask.
5 star definitely! As I was born and brought up in France, French cuisine is very important for me. This is my second visit to San Francisco and I decided to taste something very French here. I found this restaurant on yelp and it exceeded my expectations! You guys are great! Loved your food. Chapeau became my favorite place in San Fran, thank you for amazing service and delicious food. Highly recommended!
3.5 Stars but round up to 4I bookmarked this place for a long time and finally had a chance to come here on a Friday's night. Street parking could be a challenge in that area but luckily we spent only few minutes to find a good spot.We were 15 minutes earlier than our reservation but good that our table were already ready. So lucky and no waiting so far.I liked the decor of the restaurant. Very warm and cozy. The service was great. Everyone was so welcome, professional and efficient. My friend and I got the four courses tasting menu. You could choose from one appetizer, one entree, one dessert from the regular menu. And also a tasting fish dish for the day. The tasting fish for that night was scallop risotto. It was pretty good. The presentation of the dish was nice. The sauce was rich and creamy. The scallop was so fresh but it was little salty to me. For appetizer, I got the trio of salmon and my friend got Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads. I liked the salmon a lot. Very refreshing and good flavors. The sweetbread was Little heavy to me and filling. It was mushrooms, baby carrotsand turnips with truffle sauce. I picked Black Bass, Thai Snapper, Monkfish, Mussels & Manila Clam for my entree. The presentation was not as good as other dishes. Fish was way to salty. I did not even finish it. But the Pork Tenderloin that my friend picked was very good. The pork was tender and flavorful but not over salty. I especially liked the apple sauce. It was a perfect combination. For dessert, I got the French Toast and my friend got the warm chocolate cake. The french toast was ok, not too impressive. The chocolate cake was very good. Very rich. Too bad we were kinda full by that time and could not finish it. Overall, I had a great dinning experience here. Only complaint was the seafood that night...too salty
Yum, YUM, YUMMz!!! From appetizers, to main course and desserts. The soups they greet us with are some of the best soup I have ever tasted (tomato & white cauliflower) the prime rib and bone marrow that shamelessly danced all over the plate was unbelievably cooked to perfection. Temperature, texture, flavor & presentation, it is ALL there. Did I mention great service?
Attentive services. Great tasting food. Love the foie gras!!! The wine they recommended is also very good. If it wasn't so far away from where we live, I would go there often.
Love it! Love it! Love it!Philippe is such a talented and nice person. I went there for my bday dinner. The food is amazing! I strongly recommend the scallop and chocolate cake with ice cream for dessert.
My wife and I have been coming here for over a decade for two reasons: the food and the service. The menu changes often enough that there is always something new. But when we are in the mood, old standbys (e.g., the sweetbreads, cote de beouf, basil napoleon, and French toast) continue to please and impress.The services has stayed at a consistently high level throughout the years. Philippe's French charm is charming -- whether you're a regular or a new visitor. And Ellen's down-to-earth, plain-speaking, yet friendly manner inspires trust. The wine list remains strong and moderately priced, and the wait staff is attentive and friendly without being cloying.We just celebrated our 15th anniversary here and hope to celebrate our 30th here.
I was a little uneasy when I saw Chef Phillipe spending most of the time in the dining room instead of the kitchen. The little voice in my head was secretly praying for the food to not suck. "My dear lord, please let my duck breasts be crispy on the outside and perfectly tender inside.... "My sincere prayer have been heard. The food was excellent. I have had seared duck breasts in numerous restaurants and finally at Chapeau! I found one that I truly love. It wasn't just the most tender or the most flavorful. All ingredients simply worked in a perfect harmony to create a delightful sensation. The texture of the duck skin has a character of its own. It was crispy yet buttery - a shocking contrast to the soft duck meat. I loved every bite of it. The only thing I didn't enjoy as much was the escargot. It was on the salty side and the flavors were kinda monotonic. The trio of salmon was delicious but a bit ordinary. Mussels were excellent. The french fries really caught me off guard. Didn't expect they could actually pull this off so elegantly. Fries were perfectly done and the sauce is a very creative twist. Creme Brulee was the second best I have had. The texture was exactly the way I like - velvety, creamy yet light. A good dessert that will not overwhelm your taste buds with the sugar and butter. Basil Napoleon was very refreshing and memorable.Have I convinced you to try this place out yet? Did I mention they have this early bird special from Monday thru Thursday? 3 Courses dinner is just $28 if you came in 5pm-6pm.
Yum Yum Yum! This is such a hidden gem - when I made reservations, I actually thought it was for a restaurant across the street! Best mistake, ever! Service. Food. Atmosphere. All A Plus Plus! As soon as my husband and I walk in, our waiter patiently waits for us to settle in our seats just so he can put our napkin on our lap. Throughout the night, our server (I wish I remembered his name!!!) was so attentive and polite. We ordered from the meal menu, providing us options for Appetizer, Main Dish and a Dessert. I would recommend this place to any and everyone! Sounds expensive but, surprisingly, the price was reasonable!
Delicious food. Good wine selection. Portions are just right.I had the cassoulet and my date had the lamb shank. We shared sweetbread for an ap and French toast for dessert. I would recommend any of these dishes.
Such great service! Great family enterprise. Mother was manager, Son refilled our water, Chef dad was so gracious to welcome everyone to restaurant. My friend and I had the early bird special, my 4 yo had the creamy corn soup and they made a basic pasta with butter and cheese for him. I had the mesculun salad, the skate wings and the creme brulee.  yummy!!!
The chef is awesome! He's the most enthusiastic person I've met. He gave both me and my partner kisses on the way in and on the way out and escorted us each way, dropping whatever he was doing. The bread here was amazing. So soft, warm, fluffy, tasted like it had just been baked. The food was good but not as memorable as the bread. Gosh, that bread was good.
When you have only two nights to eat dinner in San Francisco, you have a lot of tough decisions to make. I was visiting an old friend, who decided that I should pick the restaurants since I can't eat in SF every night, so I did a lot of research online before making what turned out to be a fantastic choice. We loved Chapeau! Loved the food, the wine list, the ambiance, and the excellent service.I chose the prix fixe menu 2, a four-course meal, and every bite was delicious. Presentations were gorgeous, a treat for the eyes. The meal began with an amuse-bouche, an espresso cup of some magical tomato "soup" that tasted like the pure essence of a perfectly ripened tomato, with just a hint of heat. I have no idea how this wonderful liquid was made, but as soon as I tasted it, I knew we had chosen the right restaurant. For my appetizer, I had the beautiful trio of salmon--gravlax, tartare, and caviar, garnished with microgreens, fried capers, and chopped egg and dressed with a light touch of creme fraiche. The salmon was fresh and cold and sumptuous, and the restrained garnishes added some crunch and interesting flavors to each bite. The tasting fish was a perfectly cooked scallop served atop a fresh basil risotto that just sang--a lovely summer aria. My entree was a bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with kale, parsnip puree, and a calvados sauce. The pork was tender and juicy, the parsnips were creamy, and the calvados sauce added depth to the whole dish, and what better to pair with pork than an apple brandy? For dessert, the basil napoleon, which was fresh fruits with a citrus-champagne pastry cream layered between light-as-air feuilles--a light, tart, perfect ending to a wonderful meal. I was happy to see that the wine list included some half-bottles of wine, and that's what we ordered--half a bottle of a nice cote de Rhones.Chef Phillippe Gardelle welcomes you and makes you feel at home as soon as you walk in the door and then sends you on your way with a charming continental double-kiss as you leave. He promises that his restaurant offers a great deal on French food, and both my dining companion and I agree. We each had a cocktail before dinner, and the entire bill for both of us was $150, tax included. Clement Street is off the beaten path but boasts a large number of restaurants. Trust me: This is the one you want!
The food is absolutely amazing! I have never had French food before, and it was an absolute delight. I came here for my birthday on a Friday night and we had the 4 course meal. I had the chestnut soup with white truffle oil, scallop and risotto with lobster bisque, fillet mignon with mushrooms and truffles, and finished with the chocolate cake. Each item was incredible, and super filling (even with the smaller portions). Based on solely the food, I would give them 5 stars, however, the restaurant was extremely loud and I could barely hear anyone across from the table which is why they're getting 4 stars instead.
This place is an authentic french restaurant. The manager or owner (can't tell who he is) is very friendly. We had hard time parking, and he helped us finding a parking spot. They do NOT offer valet service, so good luck finding a parking spot. We ordered:Traditional Escargots De Bourgogne - 3/5 (it was way too salty)Scallop Risotto - 5/5Prince Edward Island Mussels - 5/5Pork tenderloin - 4/5 (food was really good but not too memorable) Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake - 5/5 (This was AMAZING!!!)Nice atmosphere and good service! I would definitely go back :)
The food at Chapeau! offers good value for the price. I personally prefer other French restaurants, such as Cafe Claude, for French food of similar value. However, Chapeau! is a good dining option as well. If our experience is representative of a typical dinner here, brace yourself for a very very long meal.I opted for the "create your own 4 course menu" option for $49.50.- Traditional onion soup- "Tasting fish" - a scallop on a bed of pesto risotto. Only one option is offered for the "tasting fish" course. - Sauteed black cod and braised oxtail - The fish was melt-in-your-mouth soft. I expected more oxtail, but there was only a thin layer of shredded meat under the fish. I was not a fan of the shredded toasted scallions (I think) on top of the fish, as they tasted rough and interrupted the softness of the fish. The pearl onions were oddly sweet and tasted almost like grapes.- Trio of sorbet with hazelnut basket and apple compote - The three unidentified fruit flavors were a great palate cleanser after a filling meal. Pluses* Extremely good service. The chef made the rounds to chat with us while we were waiting for dinner and also bid everyone goodbye as we left. My friend's steak was charred and overdone, although she wanted it medium. She sent it back, and the chef came out and apologized.* We were given two extra desserts on the house. Minuses* As mentioned above, my friend's steak was not cooked to the requested doneness.* Half hour wait for our table although we had a reservation.* Three hour meal. We waited roughly half an hour between each course. * The restaurant was very loud. We had trouble hearing each other talk across the table.
Terrific French restaurant nestled in the Inner Richmond district... "Bonsoir..."We were greeted by very friendly chef/owner Philippe Gardelle as we arrived... we were fortunate to get reservations for 4 on the same day at 6pm because of a cancellation; my in-laws took care of the arrangements, they've frequented this restaurant many times before. I was told that the way to go was to order a Prix Fixed meal, especially if you were committing to an appetizer and dessert anyway. It's a good deal because the whole menu is open as a customizable 3 or 4 course meal. If you go for the 4 course option, you get a Tasting Fish between the appetizer and the entree... on this occasion, it was a very delectable seared scallop.Ask about off menu specials... I had the rack of lamb or maybe more precisely lamb chops as there were 4 decent sized chops perfectly medium rare pink in the center, served over a bed of au-gratin style potatoes.  I also got to try my better halfs duck breast... it was moist and sliced thick enough to get the full flavor... it was something special.I loved my valrhona chocolate lava cake... it was perfectly paired with a super creamy, rum-raisin ice cream, a fitting side-car to my cake.The service was friendly, helpful, and uber-attentive... some people may view this as "hovering" but I appreciated their attempt to keep the table clear of used dishes. Perhaps the busboys were a tad over-zealous but I wasn't overly offended or rushed. Chef Philippe also took the time to see us out and made sure everything this evening was alright... good man. Dress code is dressy casual -- I wore a collared shirt and neat jeans without a jacket. There were other couples where the gentleman was wearing a jacket and tie so don't be too worried about being overdressed and fitting in. Parking can be dicey but if you park on an off street, you won't have to feed a meter. Don't miss out... make reservations in advance... come to Chapeau!
My first experience with this restaurant was during "Dine About Town." I had the Salmon as an appetizer which was beautiful in color and presentation. As an entree I had the pork, which was tender and full of flavor. And lastly for dessert, I went with the classic Creme Brle. I can honestly say this is my favorite French restaurant so far in SF that I have experienced. I would highly recommend it for a special occasion, or if you just want to treat yourself to a more than satisfying meal. I definitely plan to return! And I love that the head chef is there to greet all of his guests!
Got seated immediately and the waiter came quickly to give us water and take our drink orders. We ordered the 3 item prix fixe. I started with the foie gras and my husband had the salad with the thinly sliced duck. Both were excellent. Entree I had the Cassoulet. The duck let was very tender and tasty, but the shredded braised lamb was more like a lamb patty. My husband had the Canard au Miel & aux Epices. It was excellent and I would probably order that next time. For dessert the creme Brulee was very creamy and delicious.
Great food and service. Restaurant is small, but the interior warm ambient lights make you feel you are dining in a French house. Price is a little expensive, but you get what you paid for. Every single dish they serve is a masterpiece from the chef. The presentation, the taste, and the color is perfectly balance.Definitely will go back for the rest of menu. However, I think I need to think of an excuse first.
wifey is happy im happy!! thanks to chapeau for a wonderful anniversary dinner. everything was great!!!!
After an exhaustive search, I chose Chapeau for my mom's 80th birthday dinner. Looks like I will be getting the inheritance. We came for the early bird 3-course prix fixe and were seated in a lovely table by the window. Staff were very attentive and helpful. Wine was great and fairly priced. Escargot and chestnut soup were rich and delicious. I got the Skatewing which was perfectly prepared and mom got the mussels, which she seemed to really enjoy. Lots of sopping with crusty french bread and then it was on to dessert. French toast with salted caramel ice cream, what can I say.
Came here for a Saturday date night and loved it! I was looking for a place that's fancy but not too fancy - you know, so you can dress up a little for fun but not have to worry enough about if you're using the right fork on your course - and this fit the bill completely. Place is a bit crowded and loud when it fills up, but homey and friendly. The chef stopped by three times during our short visit! They have "set menus" where you can choose three courses from their normal menu for a reduced price. We got that as its a great deal but it may have been a poor decision for a small eater because the portions are HUGE. We happened to get smaller, daintier dishes (goat cheese napoleon and veal sweetbreads for appetizer, filet mignon and rabbit for entree) but the couple next to us who got dishes with almost hilariously large portions stopped halfway through their entree in defeat. You're not going to get that "wow that was delicious but I could use a burger" feeling here - more "oh god that was so good and now I'm going to food coma for ages in the glow of good French food bliss."Food was all delicious, and my favorite of the night was dessert of basil napoleon. Not a bad dish all night and will definitely be making my way back.
What an incredible French restaurant. I went there for my dinner birthday and had an amazing time. The food is amazing - I mean it. I know a lot of very good restaurant in Paris that don't even come close to this. Philippe Gardelle is not only gifted but probably the nicest person on the planet. Take it from a french man, this is a great place to spend an evening.
Love this place!When we arrived, we were greeted right away by the owner. very friendly and nice. we were seated right away.Rib-eye with potatoes - sOo good! very juicy and tender.Mussels with pesto bread - bread was a bit dry, but the mussels made up for it.Toast - one of my favorites!Sorbet - can't go wrong!Tip: RSVP to avoid waiting.
Hmm.... very cute restaurant but very disappointed by the food.My friend took me here for my 21st birthday, and we were first greeted by this cute old man who shook our hands and introduced himself. We started off with the mussels and salmon trio appetizer which were both AMAZING! I would highly recommend either of them. We spent about 30 minutes just eating the appetizers and enjoying their presence...The entrees, however, were incredibly disappointing. I ordered the duck confit with lamb shoulder, beans, and a sausage. It was basically an expensive pork n beans but tasted incredibly odd.... a flavor not of my liking. My friend's salmon was also nothing spectacular and tasted a little dry. After our mains, I ordered the french toast dessert, and she ordered the molten lava cake. I am personally a HUGE fan of lava cake....you can never go wrong. However, this one tasted incredibly odd...the chocolate on the inside was 10x more bitter than dark chocolate and was not sweet at all....sad.Overall, I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, but the only dishes I liked were our appetizers...P.S. the cute old man kisses you twice on the cheek before you leave LOL I am sure many people would feel uncomfortable by his actions but I guess it was cute/funny
Had the prix fixe, everything was excellent! Too bad the foie has been replaced by bone marrow these days.Small warning that they use truffle oil on a few items. Also, their Bordeaux list is a bit lacking.
Love the foie gras, bone marrows, escargot, fillet and duck breast. The chef is super friendly and amazing. He comes and greets everyone with his cute french accent. His staff is very attentive and the service is top notch. Although that they ask u to refrain from using the cell phone but I had to break the rule and leave the review! We all love it and can't wait to come back again!
I was wondering why this restaurant is called "Chapeau," which means "hat" in French, and then I learned that "Chapeau!" (with an exclamation mark) actually means "Wow!" Right on, that exactly describes how our dinner was. Everything was simple but delicious, kind of how I imagined the French would dine on a week night. Of course, this means it is more of a splurge for us Americans. We ordered:* Crab and Avocado Appetizer, With Micro Greens* Trio of Salmon (Gravlax, Tartar, and Caviar), Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers, Crme Frache, Micro Herbs, Lemon Dressing* Trou Normand (Green Apple Sorbet)* Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast, Creamy Truffled Polenta, Cabbage, Blueberry Sauce* Filet Mignon, Pommes de Terre Landaise, Mushrooms, Potatoes* Bone Marrow* Nuage de Noix (Roasted Pistachios, Almonds, Hazelnuts), Frozen Chantilly, Italian Meringue* French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream* EspressoPersonally, I have been trying to lose weight from two pregnancies through diet and exercise (which is going well). I did make Chapeau! an exception to my diet plan, and guess what, I did not gain any weight after a meal here! You know what they say -- French women don't get fat. It's the glass of Bordeaux red that we ordered, huh? Maybe I should dine here every night, order red wine, and watch my weight magically melt away like French women.
4.5 star.Food: 5Me and my boyfriend ordered so much food and we finished ALL dishes we ordered... We didn't do the prix fix to have flexible choice on food. 3 appetizers (trouts, french onion soup and escargot), 2 mains (Wild Caught Skate Wing In A Brown Butter and open Ravioli) and a bottle of french Bordeaux wine. We couldn't quite eat dessert because we were so full. The food was very well prepared and came out in good timing. Wine menu is VERY extensive. Service: 5Our waiter was an old gentleman who had a really thick French accent. He was super friendly and very accommodating. He seemed to have really good knowledge on food and wine. Also our glass was always full, which sounds easy but a lot of places overlook. Ambiance: 3.5If you are looking for a cool and hip place, it's probably not the right place for you. It is very classy and elegant, kind of typical high end french restaurant like. Ivory wall with dimmed light. Nothing too special. It would not WOW you when you walk in.
Still excellent and very French (unlike many which are more CA than Gallic) but starting to feel a little old-school. We're not truffle fans, so there was a little too much truffle oil on the sweetbreads, with an overrich sauce. But they were beautifully prepped and cooked, delicately tender. The truffle flavor was kept in better check on the Sauce  la Prigourdine for the filet.Enjoyed the Salad Landaise with smoked duck breast, duck confit shreds, and smears of an excellent duck liver pate. Frisee was a little old but a sharp vinaigrette offset the bitterness. Very nicely done.Starter of warm Brie over potato-leek darphin (fried pancake) had small amount of mizuma greens, walnuts, and red wine reduction - okay for vegetarians, not that distinctive. Normally I like mild dressings, but this dish needed some umami depth.Cassoulet was generous serving; beans weren't baked long enough.Roast chicken, glazed with lavender and honey. This was a stacked presentation with mashed potatoes and braised greens underneath. Outstanding!Filet with truffle sauce - what really made the dish was the mushroom potato dice, pan sauteed. Absolutely outstanding with the sauce, and normally we focus strictly on the meat. But this was an amazing side and sauce combination.Desserts fell down a level from our visit 4 yrs ago. Baked Alaska was too sweet; creme brulee had a gluey texture as if thickened with cornstarch.Overall, still a fine little bistro, and one of the very few places you can almost always find skate, beloved of Europeans but ignored by Americans. Not a destination restaurant to itself (e.g., a "must go"), but an excellent choice if you want some good French food and like us, live in Alameda Cty where this level of quality, with its corresponding mid-level cost, simply doesn't exist. We love La Folie and Etoile, but both are too costly and too rich to eat at often, whereas you could eat at Chapeau! every couple of months, no problem!Be aware that service runs a little lean on peak days, because some dishes require tableside service (such as the elaborate Cote de Boeuf) which ties up the waitstaff. Chef owner Gardelle helps out frequently, but you need to plan for at least 90 min to 2 hrs for a meal.
I had a lovely meal here with a friend for our respective birthdays. It's such a cute little spot with simple but pleasant decor. The service was just great and the meal was wonderful. Honestly, it should have been a 4 for me. Here's the rub. We each spent $100, so we expected a superior dining experience in all ways - including respectful diners. Midway through our meal, a group sat down next to us, including an older couple. Immediately upon sitting, they turned on their phone with a loud video of some performance and passed it around for viewing. For a while, music was simply running on the phone. To add to this concert, a larger family then sat down on the other side, including 3 small children under 3 (at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night - oh joy). To keep them occupied, since apparently they felt this was their own dining room, all 3 kids had their own phone or tablet going at full volume. At a look from me, the loudest one was turned down, but all kept going. When I got her attention, I said something to the waitress (also seemed to be a manager or owner) and she acknowledged it. I'm not sure if she did anything, because we gave up and just had to leave. The people seemed local so if this is habitual or acceptable behavior there, I would caution people looking for a quiet, romantic place for dinner. It ended up making it more like a cafe in a train station. I'll give the restaurant a chance to comment on this as I don't want to ding them if this was an isolated incident. But WOW, what rude people - stay home if you want to spend your dinner in front of your electronic devices.
Chapeau is a DEFINITE recommendation on my list for french food in SF!I have heard so much about this place and was finally able to go for my friend's bachelorette party dinner! Staff members there are well spoken and caters to your needs every minute of it. It's a very welcoming and intimate restaurant which I definitely love and can't wait to come back. Great pricing for great food. We shared 2 bottles for the table, which consisted of a pinot, and a merlot.3 course prix-fixe menu1. Seared foie gras- a really good amount of foie gras given on a baguette for the prix fixe menu price. Not such a small piece to only tease you but a good piece to make you feel like you are in heaven.2. Wild skate wing- I haven't had that great of a fish dish from a french restaurant in ages. Well to the point that I loved every bite of it, which is rare! I mean fish is fish I know, but this was packed with so much delicious flavors from the brown butter, fingerling potatoes, sauce grenobloise, and mache. Definite try!3. vanilla bean creme brulee- can you say more? vanilla bean anything is delicious.All in all for this prix-fixe menu $40Perfect portions with the perfect ending to a great meal! Salut avec le chapeau!
Came here to try to foie gras before the July ban.Ordered the foie gras appetizer, fillet mignon, rack of lamb, and duck cassoulet. 5 stars just for the food.The service was awesome too. Glass was never empty, all entrees came out at once.This is what I call a good dining experience.
WOW, just WOW. This restaurant is phenomenal!!Thank you to my friends Henry K. and Selina T. for introducing this place to me.When you walk in you notice that it is kind of small, dimly lit, and there are lots of people. The chef comes out and shakes your hand when you come in. He has the greatest French accent (legit!). We sat down and ordered some french fries (hell yes, french fries @ a french restaurant) to hold us over till the rest of the party of six arrived. Let me tell you, these were the best fries i tasted in my life. they were thin and short, just crispy enough, and came with two sauces: one herby and the other like a chipotle sauce.Next was foie gras!An appetizer of duck confit saladA palate cleanser sorbet- minty lemony something (delicious!)then, entree of stuffed rabbit legand finishing it off with a creme brle (which was phenomenal)The whole dinner lasted 3 hours but it was a good relaxing time. the fine details were all there. From the polite waiter who brings a tray full of tea for your selection and the person who sweeps the bread crumbs off the table and onto a plate with the crumb sweeper thing. Finally, the chef came out as we left to kiss us good bye (two cheeks as the french do!) So full after that dinner! good thing we parked about a block away so we could walk it off.
I think over the years, this place has been slowly sizzling out. You know those dining experience that take forever in between dishes? well this is one of them. This restaurant joins in on the dine about town, but their menu is almost around the same price. I completely grew out of the small intimate area with loud surrounding, if I want to enjoy my meal I rather hear the person across the table from me, rather than next to me. We started with soup, which wasn't even that great because I honestly can't even remember it. Only thing I could even recall was the honey, lavender chicken (which was on the dine about town menu) but appetizer, entree, dessert = wasn't worth it. Think the age caught up with this restaurant...
What a gem. We were welcomed into the restaurant by the owner with a warm "Bonsoir!" and handshake, and upon leaving, a hug and a kiss on both cheeks. But of course, mon Cherie! Chapeau is charming, romantic and first class.The restaurant is small, and table spacing is typical of SF restaurants: not very spacious. But the ambiance is lovely. It's laid back elegance, with white linen tablecloths and fresh flowers on every table. Our server wasn't oozing warm fuzzies, but he was efficient and knowledgeable, and managed to persuade my honey and I to order the special "Ribeye for Two" special that evening. How ordering works at Chapeau: Yes, you CAN order by entree, but to get the full experience (and it's actually a better value if you're the type (such as we are) to order an appetizer and dessert anyway), I suggest you take advantage of the Menu 1 or Menu 2 options. We were able to incorporate the Ribeye for Two special as part of "Menu 1" for a small added cost. It was worth it. I was kind of obsessed with the french bread that came out - crusty, chewy - this is french bread done right. The appetizers were yummy - I ordered the chenel goat cheese and he ordered the salad with fried camembert (they had fancier names, obvie). Both were delicious but the goat cheese appetizer was especially memorable. When our Ribeye for Two rolled out of the kitchen, I mean it literally was rolled out to our table on its own cart. Then it was hand sliced and divided on two plates, served with what looked like two dinosaur bones with marrow inside. The steak came with three different sauces and two servings of potatoes au gratin, one for each of us. I can typically put away plenty of red meat at the dinner table, but could hardly finish half of my portion, so that should tell you how large and in charge this dish was. I thought the ribeye could have been more tender if it were left "unsliced," but it was still tasty. We hardly had room for dessert but *sigh* first world problems *cough* since it came with our "menus", he ordered the French Toast with salted caramel ice cream and I ordered the lemon tart. Both were delicious, just different.If you order just ONE thing at Chapeau, make SURE it's the French Toast. It was sweet and crispy and warm and delightful - and a perfect pairing with the salted caramel ice cream. Absolutely delicious. But the appetizer (Chenel goat cheese) was also a standout for me. At the end of our meal, our check arrived in - what else - a chapeau! :)
Chapeau is a French Restaurant in the Lower Richmond District on that great restaurant filled Clement Avenue. I was looking forward to eating here and ultimately, left not all that impressed.It's your typical overpriced restaurant with ok tasting food but nothing that will go down as memorable other than the excess butter in everything.That being said, the ambience of Chapeau! and the service were decent although they forgot to serve me my Pinot Noir with my Prime Rib.The menu is rather confusing in that it is cluttered and awkwardly explains things. For example, there's Menu #1 which indicates you chose an appetizer, entree and dessert where menu #2 indicates that you order an appetizer, an entree, and a fish taste (??) whatever that means. To make matters more confusing, the "fish taste" wasn't even fish but a choice of either mussels or scallops. Correct me if I'm wrong but from what I recalled in my high school biology class, those aren't fish. If I'm paying $100/person, I expect fish when I choose a fish taste.I will say that the scallops, which was the only fish taste available, were not all that bad.For my other dish I had a 1/2 dozen oysters which was the best part of my dinner. This is, of course, because they weren't poisoned with excess butter and raw oysters are among my personal favorite things on the planet to eat.I had the Prime Rib and can't say I was all that impressed by it. The au jeux seemed more like KFC gravy to me for some reason and wasn't sizzling hot as I would've expected. One appetizer that I thought was pretty good was the heirloom tomato salad. That was my second favorite dish.For an extra $5 or so, you can have a super citrussy sour palette clearer prior to your entree. I forgot the French word used to describe this but I must say I did enjoy that distraction.All in all, some key things were accomplished at Chapeau: I had a fun time with friends in a comfortable environment and some of the food and drink was good (very good cocktails).But the main dish, dessert, and "fish taste" were all far too rich for me to ever wanna come here again. Sure sure, I know: "it's French cooking, so...you SHOULD expect butter." But I retort: "why is it that whenever I go to Paris, and pay 1/2 the price for French food, that, the quality is so much better over there and I never get distracted by excess butter in my plate?"Maybe it's simply because I was on vacation so I ate at a slower, less hectic pace. Or maybe, there's just a lack of quality in all French Restaurants in America? I can point to two other French restaurants that are much better than Chapeau in SF. I will not give names, but, one's in the Castro and the other's in the Potrero Hill Neighborhood.Had fun here, but cannot say I was overly impressed either. It's definitely not a 4 1/2 star place.I wouldn't give this less than 3 stars because it does taste ok. It's just that I personally am not a huge fan of blatantly overly rich foods which I wasn't expecting at such a popular establishment.
How disappointing! The table next to the wall had the staff reaching across us the whole night.The sweetbreads were overwhelmed by the mushrooms. The cassoulet was so bland. It was overcooked, the sausage seemed like it had been cooked days before and the duck was dry and flavorless. My wife's side dishes came when she was halfway through. The au gratin potatoes were soapy and undercooked.The menu options are confusing and working out what price you will eventually pay is not easy.Staff are far from attentive. When they do turn up they burst right in even though table conversation is in full flow.The owner/chef came by to shake hands before the meal but had no conversation and rushed from table to table. Bathrooms too few, too shabby and too out of date.$350 for dinner for four was overpriced.
Overrated. We came here for a birthday dinner for 8 so service was expected to be slow.. The dinner was supposed to be 2 hours but it ended up being 4 hours due to our dishes coming out.. very.. very.. slowly. I get that it was a large party but what if we were 4 tables with 2 people at each? Would the food still have come out so slow? I would hope not.We thought we ordered the prix menu but we didn't find out the special the waiter told us about didn't fall into the option of being part of the deal. I wouldn't have minded if he let us know, actually I would have really appreciated it. The prix menu was supposed to include an appetizer, an entree and a dessert. A dinner that should have cost $45 turned out to be $98 for a prime rib (for 2) that was dry, flavorless, greasy and sadly too tough (I honestly make it better at home), an appetizer for $10 and the dessert for $8. Can you say WAY over the planned $45 we thought the prix menu was going to be and why I was upset when the bill came? I get the restaurant wants to make money.. but it would be courteous of you guys to inform your patrons when we say "we want the prix menu" and then order the special, that it won't be the same price. Just a little note for you.The wine selection could have been better. Granted they let us taste a few but did not provide a small tasting for two people.. just one. People have different preferences when it comes to food.. AND wine. The ones we tasted were not full bodied.. and for $70 a bottle the chefs recommendations should have been better. The chef was also NEVER in the kitchen either. It was nice how he thanked his guests but I would prefer good food over a handshake. Maybe his lack in the kitchen the ENTIRE 4 hours we were there on a full Saturday night is why the prime rib sucked.. he wasn't there for quality control. Not going back even if the chocolate cake was the shit! So was the rum ice cream. So sad but the food is not worth the wait.
good service, good food, reasonably priced
From the firm welcoming handshake by Philippe (oh, by the way, I did not realize he was really trying to shake all the money out of my pockets), to the attentive and kowledgeable server; and wonderful food (we went with the suggested favs of our server), our entire experience was great. With an au revoir on the way out, Philippe I truly tip my hat to you.
In a word: disappointing. The reviews absolutely do not reflect this place correctly. Turns out they had another location which was much better. Looks like they may have consolidated reviews for both shops. With the glut of amazing restaurants in SF there's really no reason to come back here. The saving grace is the bartender. He was friendly, charming and helpful. We ordered:- salad with duck: **. Was just like a banquet salad. There was absolutely nothing special. - oysters: *. While meaty the oysters had a terrible funky taste. Do NOT order them. Save your oyster orders for a different restaurant. - cassoulet: ***. Pretty good. The beans were a little underdone. The sausage has some grit to it. The duck was a bit bland. It's a generous portion though. -pork wrapped in bacon: **. Dry. You barely get the flavor of the bacon which totally misses the point. The gravy had a skin on it, although it had a good flavor. Service: **. When we first walked in the host was snapping at someone on the phone. One of the waitresses was dragging her feet around, as if she were wearing flip flops. The sound was so annoying. No one looked happy except for the bartender. The crowd: More mature. Def some families with kids who did not want to be there. Not a vibrant crowd. Not much spunk. Net net: this place does not live up to its reviews. At all. There are so many places where you could spend WAY less and get WAY better food. I will not be back.
Everything you read from other's review is true, overall I think they have good service & awesome food such a great experience! Would come back to try other yummy dishes.
The Owner is extremely nice, food is always soooo good.Tips: Make reservations!
Service is just OK. It took more than half hour for us to find our waitress to order food and drink. Food is OK. Not bad but nothing special. It's not worthy for us to drive all the way from Mission to there for the dinner. Might not go there again.
4.5 starsThis place was great! My boyfriend and I came for our anniversary. I wish the tables were a bit farther apart, but the overall ambiance was nice. Service was a bit on the slower side, but it's European-style so I can appreciate that they let us enjoy our meal. We were huge fans of their soups - he got the corn soup (AMAZING - tasted like those corn cakes you get at Mexican restaurants) and I had the french onion. I had the cassoulet for dinner which was really yummy, and he had the pork tenderloin. Both were good, what you'd expect from a restaurant of this type. We were both really impressed by the desserts, so save some room! He had the french toast and I had the Nuage de Noix which was just lovely. Overall - definitely come here and order the Menu 1 or 2. A great place for a romantic night out. Parking was easy enough on the streets. And MAKE A RESERVATION!
This is definitely one of the better restaurants in the San Francisco area. Chapeau! is full of warm, French charm that serves up a delicious meal. For appetizers, the duck foie gras special was easily the best thing my party tried. The foie gras was so buttery and seared perfectly; the accompanying sauce, brioche and pear were totally unnecessary (albeit delicious!). Of the regular appetizer menu, I thought the escargot was also really good. For entrees, everything was so tasty! I ordered the striped bass with oxtail, and was so taken with it, I mopped up all the sauce in the plate with bread. I particularly liked that the bass included the skin - the crispiness of it added a nice texture to the dish. The cassoulet and skate wing were also delicious.Dessert was alright, though not particularly memorable. One of the best parts of the meal was the jovial owner. He came by to tease and charm us during the meal. Since we were one of the later parties to leave, he gave all the ladies kisses and hugs. What a lovely way to end a wonderful meal!
Great food, excellent service and you feel as if you are in an old French movie.
First off, I'm not a fan of french food, but I really enjoyed my visit. The food was excellent except for the fish in one of the courses was dry (we got the prix fix). We mentioned it while we were having the most amazing filet mignon to the waiter. It was more to let them know about the issue for other customers. They were not only apologetic, but they comped us another dessert (we had some included with the prix fixed), a dessert wine, and the chef came running out the door as we left to personally apologize.  I've never experienced that before. My only criticism is that the dry fish would probably not have been overcooked if the chef was in the kitchen supervising -- he spent most of the night out mingling with guests. Still, we had a great time - not to mention the amazing filet mignon..
When I eat French food, I experience such a bliss that it takes me a couple of days to come down from it. I usually take my sister and together we wax poetic about our gastronomic adventures...sometimes we even sing about it. Alas, that is not my mood tonight. I am beyond furious and I am thinking that I may need to find a new restaurant for my French adoration because I have been spurned by Chapeau!First, we got to the doors about 5 minutes early and were told to wait. No big deal. But when 5 p.m. came and went, I began to worry slightly. See, it was cold and blowing in a rain storm off the sea so waiting on the sidewalk left much to be desired. Add to the fact that we traveled from Hayward to the city in Friday traffic, of course we were going to be early because getting reservations to this place is getting harder and harder- but it isn't because of the service, after tonight I can be sure of that.When we were seated, we noticed that the pictures save one had been removed and that the wall had a bare, naked feel. Our server came over, an Ethiopian gentleman, and did not introduce himself, but asked if we wanted wine. Do you remember my fear, dear reader? You can read the first review of Chapeau if you need to refresh- because that fear was going to become a reality tonight. Another thing we noticed was the staff had a tight, fearful yet angry feel- you know the feeling when you are at a dinner party where the hosts are fighting? Yeah, something like that- people going into the back room and returning with angry faces, or fearful looks over their shoulders. I wanted to ask if the restaurant had been taken hostage and were they being forced to attend dinner service under duress. We made our orders. And the waiter did something that had never happened before- he tried to up sell us. For those who don't know, that is the practice of trying to get you to buy more than you want. We made our order and waited......First course was awesome, they really know how to serve fois gras. I love the texture and flavor of a masterfully crafted plate. This is when things started to go bad...The water never usually gets below half full- not tonight, tonight it was empty and I had to actually ask for a refill...then the table of doctors arrived and our waiter just left us. Actually the tables around us, save the doctors table were abandoned. We had to wait for random servers to take pity on us, and when our main course came, the manager served it- thank God or I don't believe we would have eaten!The food in the main course was a disappointment. The Bouillabaisse was bland. I have never had a bland thing out of that kitchen! The fish was prepared wonderfully but the broth was bland and missing something. In fact, all of the people at my table agreed, it was like the saucier was on vacation or something. There was a layer missing- leaving the dish ok, but not up to the Chapeau standard that they, themselves set.So we completed the main course and we were still missing our server and I am starting to get angry. Let's face it, the recession has left everyone with less money and things I usually got to do every month or two is every three or four instead. So I relish it when I am able to go out to French food.I started complaining and how did the waiter respond? By giving us a dessert before our dessert course. We were all getting dessert with the prix fix menu- so I am really confused to what this was supposed to achieve. Then after I start complaining the waiter goes and apologizes to my father. My father wasn't paying the bill- I was. This came across as rude and sexist.When the bill came the waiter- who during dessert had taken to coming by every 3 minutes (this doesn't make up for the neglect during the meal). This also got under my skin but all Hades broke loose when the server asked if we needed a cab. Remember reader, we stuck with water! I asked wither he thought we were tourists and if that was why we received the horrid treatment. Well Mr. Attitude thought I was out of line and started to lecture me, "Ma'am, I always treat ALL my people with respect" (Really? Then why were you slobbering all over the doctors' table and ignoring everyone else in your section). Well I was beyond furious and asked to speak to a manager. HE ARGUED MORE WITH ME. I don't know if him getting angry would make me say, "Hey, you know what you are so right- those other people are so much important than me- you go and do what you want and I will just sit here and suffer quietly since I don't deserve your service". Not gonna happen. I told the manager and she said she would make it up to me next time. But to be honest, I don't know if I will go back.No one should have to be angry after they eat French food. The food quality is slipping- there was obviously no one on the pass checking quality and the food was served in a sloppy hap hazard way. Je suis tres trist!
Let's talk about the service. I reserved the table like 3 weeks ago. the restaurant called me and confirm with me with the reservation. They even hold a parking spot right outside the restaurant for me. They text me to remind me the reservation. This is an outstanding customer services. :)Let's talk about the food. The owner comes over and explain to me the menus in details. The food is excellent, this is one of the best french restaurant in the area. THe price is absolutely reasonable. I would definitely go back again. This is a nice romantic restaurant.
Best French cuisine I've ever had. Totally worth the money and actually I would be willing to pay a higher price.
came here one night with a few friends and we created our own tasting menus by doing the 4 course dinner with 4 different appetizers, 4 different entrees, and 4 different desserts. among all my friends, we had the seared fois gras, escargot, sweetbread, mashed potatoes for appetizers, out of these 4, the fois gras stood out the most to me as it has this really good crust on the outside and as you bit into it, you got a creamy and melt-in-your-mouth texture with lots of flavor. it was heaven! as for the sweetbread, i thought it was good but not mind-blowing, and mashed potatoes and escargot were both overly salted. for entree, we had rabbit leg, skate wing, Cassoulet de Toulouse, and pork tenderloin. all the dishes except for the cassoulet were great!!! rabbit leg was tender and flavorful with this barley risotto that was both creamy and full of texture. skate wing has the best sauce that's tangy and refreshing. and the pork tenderloin was delicious with apple on the bottom and this reduction sauce that literally tasted like caramel, and i thought it was really genius that the chef combined the drizzle with apple bc it reminds me of caramel apple and everything just jointed so well together in that dish. for desserts, we had 2 apple tarts with hazelnut ice cream, 1 cheese plate, Nuage de Noix, and we got free profiteroles because the food came out very slowly for us that night. the tarts with hazelnut ice cream were outstanding but the cheese plate was not very good as everything was drenched in honey so you couldn't really taste anything but honey. nudge de noix was decent but to me it wasn't very flavorful. but profiteroles were very good, ice cream puffs drizzled with chocolate and sliced almonds, it's happiness in each bite!all in all, the dining experience was great and i would definitely come back some day again!
Best food and service I've had in SF.Escargots: buttery, garlicky goodness. Mussels: Make sure to get the fries to drip into the sauce!Trio of Salmon Smoked troutOysters(I was in a group of 4. I'm not that big of a fattie!)Entree: bouillabaisse. So good. Full of mussels, white fish and other goodness. The garlic croutons come on the side. You put the spread on the thin pieces of baguette that you give you, top it with the shredded cheese, and dunk in your soup. no dessert for me. why? Did you see how many appts we ordered?
Chapeau! is an instituion in the Richmond district of San Francisco. I first went to Chapeau! almost 8 years ago. Back then, Chapeau! was in a different location, but was well known for high quality food, great prices,and especially a bargain prix-fixe meal. Flash forward to present day and Chapeau! ["chapeau" means hat, whereas the addition of "!" means Wow!] occupies the space of the former Clementine. Food is still high quality and the prix fixe meal is still present. Whereas I had the early bird prix fixe meal back in the day (appetizer, entree, and dessert) for $28-something, the regular prix fixe is still a reasonable deal at $35+. We went after a graduation ceremony and were happy to sit in the bar area on a very busy Friday night. The atmosphere and decor is nicer than I remember the old location and the service at the bar was excellent. This is the third or fourth time I've eaten at the bar of a very busy restaurant and received great service. I don't know what the pecking order of wait-staff is, but I suspect bartenders must be quite good as they need to be able to handle mixing drinks, pouring wine, and also serving food with makeshift dinner mats and place settings. We ordered a selection of entrees and appetizers:Escargot - an always decadent dish with plentiful butter and garlic. Piping hot and quite delicious....French onion soup - a bit light on the cheese and not a very thick broth. Tasty though.Cassoulet - consisted of duck confit and braised lamb shoulder. The duck confit was delicious and the lamb shoulder tender. Lots of beans....Veal medallions - cooked perfectly medium rare, the generous size medallions looked delicious.Skate wing - a very generous portion of skate, that was tender and tasty. The sauce had a large amount of capers though and the flavor was a bit overpowering.Chef Phillipe walked past the bar area several times and I have no doubt he's the reason this place is so successful. While the stereotypical French place may seem stuffy and full of attitude, he imbibes the restaurant with friendliness and great cheer. He chatted with us a few times through the night and I was particularly intrigued when a patron ordered the ribeye dish for two. It looked stupendous. After an average experience with chateaubriand, I was reluctant to order another steak dish so soon. But seeing the ribeye (which I love better than filet), I should have. It was accompanied by two large bone marrow and looked gorgeous. Next time!Our bartender/waiter was able to let us order just the bone marrow (since we had our other entrees) and it was great. Little stuff like that makes the difference. Chapeau! remains a great find in the Richmond. Classy, romantic, but also super-friendly and accessible, we had a great experience. Thanks to Chef Phillipe and his staff for being the site of our special celebration.Chapeau! takes credit cards, including American Express.
Oh my LORD, this is the best restaurant in the city. I first came here with my boyfriend for Valentine's day last year and have been obsessed ever since. It is just better each time I come here. Philippe (the amazing executive chef) changes the menu quite often so it is better to not have favorite dishes here. I order something different every time I come here and am always overwhelmed by how great it is.We always get the 3-course prix fixe which is $40 a person. Not bad at all for the quality of food and service here. If you are worried about getting small portions - don't be. I am always so full when I leave here - sometimes I even have to take some of my food to go.I've tried the skate wing, sea bass, scallop risotto, mussels, napoleon, cauliflower amuse-bouche, tiger prawns, escargot, salmon tartare, most of the desserts and more. Each of those were equally incredible, mouth watering, and had a WOW factor. Even their mashed potatoes and fries are godly. My top entree, appetizer & dessert would have to be the sea bass, goat cheese napoleon, and baked Alaska.The staff might be even better than the food if that is possible. They take such great care of you and are fantastic at their jobs. Fine dining is hard stuff! But they make it look easy. They even give us an extra dessert or appetizer sometimes because they know us very well now. I really do feel like royalty every time I come here and I can't say that about any other restaurant.
It was a last minute decision to join a group of people for dinner on a Saturday night. Philippe was breezing through the dining area, greeting guests but made a point to come over to our table & shake hands with everyone. What a warm welcome :Most of us opted for the 4 course option. Our waiter brought us a chilled sorbet-liked 'soup' which is said to have palate-cleansing power, served in an espresso size cup. Not sure if our palates were cleansed but the bread that they served while we waited for our appetiser was indeed heavenly with a hint of garlic, soft on the inside but crispy on the outside. I ordered Trio of Salmon where the salmon gravlax is used to hold the salmon tartar n its round shape, surrounded by egg mimosa & sprinkles of caviar & fried capers to complete the plate. Its a 4-star appetiser because of the fried capers. I had a sample of the mussel & it was delectable too, especially when the bread soaked up all the delicious goodness.For the 'fish tasting' it is a pan-seared scallop sitting on a bed of risotto. My scallop was cooked just right but some of the others were slightly over-cooked. The risotto, to me came in slightly under-cooked as I could still bite into the crunchy bits. Next was the much anticipated entree. My left brain had to fight with my right brain... duck or lamb, duck or lamb, duck or lamb... I decided on the 'Special' - lamb-shank. Verdict??? I was disappointed.. what?!?!?!?! yup, you heard me right. DISAPPOINTED!!! It was too salty and the sauce was too sweet for my liking. As none of us ordered the duck, I am still intrigue as to how that would turn out. Maybe that's my excuse to go back there in futureThe most important course of the dinner was of course dessert ;) With 8 of us ordering desserts, I had a chance to sample the Baked Alaska (ice-cream with rum cake), creme brulee and the french toast. French toast top the list. Bummer that I only had just one teeny-weeny bite *sigh*On our way out, Philippe was at the door, cheek kissing us gals. Didn't pay attention if the guys shake hands or cheek kissed as well.With all the highs & lows, it was overall an enjoyable experience. Food is a 3.5-star, partly due to me comparing it to the french food I had in Montreal (that's the most french-liked place I visited so far ;p) but the service & Philippe's warm greetings bumped it up to a 4-star for now
Went to Chapeau! for valentines dinner. Prix fixe menu, most items on the menu were great. They also have a sizable french wine list. Agreeable portions and a fantastic take on crab salad. Reason for four star: desert was truly disappointing, the coffee sauce did not go well with the cake. Atmosphere was too loud for a romantic dinner feel and the balloons for decoration were distracting in the middle of the tables. Also the server was less than enthusiastic serving! Might be a better experience on a quieter evening.
Had always wanted to go here and I am so glad I did!First off, wait staff was incredible. One of the best dinner services I have had in my life. Not hovering yet very attentive. And the check in the hat is a very cute unique touch! :)The chef came to shake everyone's hand once during service. I had to tell him, I had always wanted to come here and I was so happy to finally be able to try this 9am place out!I had the duck with peaches, so fantastic.And my partner has the pork tenderloin with bacon. Oh my that was amazing! Her dish was better than mine but both where wonderful.But I mist say...BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP, I've ever had!!!It was so delicious but not heavy, almost sweet. It was to die for.Wine was recommended and paired perfectly.It was a lovely dinner for no special occasion, but at the price, I reccomended it be for a special occasion :)Hope to venture here again! I left here more than satisfied!
Chapeau may actually be the best restaurant I've ever been to in my life. I've been here many times and had an exceptional experience every time. The food is even better than at much more expensive restaurants. If you're in SF and you don't eat at Chapeau, you're an idiot.
I been to this place by myself on Saturday night(That's my yelp mission), They were super busy, but I didn't have to wait for table, just sat @ the bar table.Had glass of Pinot, ordered Ahi Tuna Salad for appetizer, Day Boat Scallops for entree, hmm....yum yum yum, It's SO DELICIOUS ! Looks good and taste good ! (please take a look the pics I took). That's a excellent dining expierenced in the best French restaurant. Definitely will go back and try something different. hmm......LOVE CHAPEAU !
One of the best dining experiences that my hubs and I had while we were in San Francisco. We were greeted at the door by a friendly gentleman. My husband was a little surprised that the gentleman greeted him with a handshake. He almost didn't notice, but I elbowed him. lol We had the prix fixe dinner (menu 1). We went at the beginning of June so the menu has changed since then. For our appetizer, I had the escargot and hubs had the soup. For my entree I had the rabbit and my hubs had the filet mignon. They were both delicious and perfectly cooked. Dessert was the best part for me. I had the baked alaskan and hubs had the creme brulee. I think we will probably be back when we go back to San Francisco.
Best! The best restaurant in SF!I only missed to go to Gary Danko, but so far, Chapeau! is the best restaurant in SF Bay area for me. Price is very very reasonable(I thought they might forgot something to charge us!), and the every dishes were really great. I went there 2 nights ago and I already miss their food. I say nothing just "go and try their food"!I really have nothing to say.PERFECT 5 stars for them!P.s. The waiters were really nice, professional and friendly. Attire is more like casual to dressy. I saw the info of this restaurant on Yelp and it says attire is dressy, but me and my hubby didn't bring any good dinner clothes, actually we did, but forgot to bring our dress shoes..., and we both were wearing sneakers but they treated us really great! It never happen in NYC, isn't it?lol
This is one of those restaurants that makes me re-evaluate how often I give out 5 stars. Because if Chapeau! is a 5-star restaurant, I need to go back to all my other reviews and downgrade a few of those restaurants.Seriously. My boyfriend and I went to dinner for a date night. And towards the end of the meal, I said to him, "We should go home, have hot sex, and then kill ourselves so that we can die perfectly happy."The chef came to our table and asked how we enjoyed our meal. I said, "It was the worst meal I've ever eaten! Are you open tomorrow?"
Chapeau is a French Bistro in the Inner Richmond neighborhood of San Francisco. On arrival the hostess was very accomodating and we were seated almost immediately. As I sat down the vibe was relaxed. Ambiance was traditional French with the light wall colors to the dim lighting. Definitely a romantic atmosphere. Started my night off with a Woodford Reserve (Bourbon Whiskey) Sour, bread, and butter. My drink was strong and the sour mix consisted of fresh lime and lemon juice with a fresh lime as my garnish. Bread was "fresh out the oven" hot. Moist and fluffy with crispy crust. Delicious to say the least. Chapeau has an extensive wine list that will satisfy almost anyone's pallet with various red and whites to choose from.Once at Chapeau you have dining options. A prix fixed menu which you would create your own 3 or 4 course menu including choice of appetizer, choice of entree, and choice of dessert, while the 4 course menu includes the "Tasting Fish of the day". The Chef's menu from Chef/Owner Philippe Gardelle, or the Vegetarian menu. While opting for the 4 course menu the appetizer I began with was the Creamy Roasted Chestnut Soup (Duck Fat Croutons with Parsley & Garlic, Creme Fraiche, White Truffle Oil). Very good. Nice texture, not too heavy. Tasting Fish Of The Day was the Scallop Risotto in Lobster Sauce. Impressive and delightful. Nice sear on the edges of the scallops were fantastic and made the dish that more memorable. Risotto was prepared and seasoned perfectly. Entree was Cassoulet de Toulouse which consisted of (Canellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder, Duck Leg Confit, and garlic & Toulouse Sausage) prepared almost like a casserole. Fulfilling, tasty, and unique. Authentic French dish. I didn't think the night could get any better then I was introduced to the Basil Napoleon for dessert. (Maui Pineapple, Manila Mango, Banana, Kiwi & Strawberries) cut up into very small bite size pieces served with Champagne-Citrus Pastry Cream, on a Feuille de Bric. Felt like an explosion of fresh fruit and flavor in my mouth. While the Feuille De Bric was a great compliment when eaten together.Chapeau has set the bar high for French restaurants in San Francisco. To think they have only been around since 1996 is incredible for I thought Chapeau has been around for 30+ years. Chapeau will be around for many years to come. My overall experience at Chapeau was outstanding. From beginning to end the hostess, attentive wait staff, informative and well trained Francais serveurs, to the occasional visit from Chef Phillipe Gardelle to ensure all of our dining needs have been met, Chapeau is truly a fine dining French Bistro. P.S.- With rougly 20-25 tables reservations are encouraged. No valet so keep your head up when trying to find street parking. Don't get discouraged for it could take up to 15 minutes to find parking. Just a quick local tip. Amusez-vous!
Finally made it out here for DAT with a girl friend and ended up staying here for 4 HOURS!! Our waiter was so pleasant and patient with us, I was so amazed when I looked at how much time had passed. I never felt rushed or disrespected, which was absolutely amazing. Definitely deserving for the 20% tip i left him!The DAT menu was just a limited selection of what they usually have on any other night. We ordered:- Trio of Salmon: This was my FAVORITE! I love salmon and i really thought they did a great job with all the different flavors. It was fresh and the portion was perfect.- Skate Wing: This dish is the reason that I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5. The first wasn't really tender and it was extremely salty. I feel like this wasn't a good combo with the salad on the side..and it was not particularly pleasing to the eye.- Pork Tenderloin: The Pork Tenderloin was DELISH! They really knew how to cook it so it wasn't tough and didn't dry out. The apple was so a sweet touch to such a savory dish. Definitely enjoyed this entree quite a bit.- Creme Brulee: The dessert portion was much smaller than the one I had at Isa..but it was also really good. The caramelized sugar on top wasn't too burnt and had a good flavor/texture.- Pistachio Mousse: This was a really unique dessert. I didn't appreciate it as much because it was really strange to me...especially after have the creme brulee. The mousse was bland to me. If I had it before the creme brulee, I think i may have been more in love with it.FANTASTIC selection of wine..and LOVED their red selection. All of this on top of superb service and a friendly hello from the chef...I will definitely be back!!
My husband and I went here for our fourth wedding anniversary the other night. We made our reservation for 530 so that we could get the early bird special, and be home in time to put the baby to bed. However, when we got there, we found the early bird special had been replaced by the "done about town" menu, which we didn't want, so we decided on the create your own three course prix fixe menu instead. For the first course, my husband got the oysters (so fresh and crisp tasting! Albeit a bit on the small side), and I got the scallop risotto (the scallops cut like butter--and that sauce! What was in that sauce? To die for).For the second course, my husband got the duck breast cooked medium rare (trusting in the recommendation of our wonderful waiter, Pascal) and it was delicious. It wasn't so greasy the way that duck can be, and the polenta that came with it was a perfect complement. I had the poached halibut with fennel, and again, it was delicious. For dessert, my husband got the nuage de noix (also by the recommendation of our waiter) and it did not disappoint. I had a fruit and custard dish with a basil sauce that was a very light and refreshing end to my meal (although I sort of wished I would have gone with the creme brle, just because it is my favorite). We especially appreciated the fact that the staff was not at all pretentious. Refined, yes, but not pretentious.Overall, it was a delightful experience and I would go back in a heartbeat.
We were quickly seated for our 19:30 reservation only made earlier in the week. We were seated against a wall right outside the kitchen. At one point during our visit, there was a thump on that wall and it shook visibly.I had the Chef's five course meal shared with my wife. She ordered her own main, the monkfish and the crme brle for dessert. Everything was delicious though nothing left me craving more. I'll admit I'm biased against french food. I find it too heavy and hard on my digestion. I prefer more delicate and individual flavors.There is very little ambiance or atmosphere that I appreciate. It's active, but lacking enriching energies.
The owner was super friendly. Welcomed us at the door, and checked on us several times during dinner. Immediately after we ordered, he brought out a complimentary velout of asparagus; a mini serving of delicious soup to whet our appetite. I love French food and Chapeau! did not disappoint. We started with the liver pat and the tomato salad (a new item on their menu). For entrees, we had the cassoulet and the duck breast. The cassoulet is a good hearty dish, and I loved the sausage. The duck was delicate and perfectly cooked. For dessert, we had the french toast and the warm chocolate cake. French toast --- sounds like a gimmick, but it was everything I hoped it could be! Girlfriend also says the warm chocolate cake was the best she's ever had. And she LOVES warm chocolate cake.It's a fancier place, so definitely an older more mature crowd. We went to celebrate an anniversary, and we felt a little out of place. Other than that, great food, friendly service, no complaints!
We had a reservation at 7:30 pm and promptly greeted by Phillipe. It has a nice vibrant energy in the dining room. Michel is our waiter and he is absolutely helpful. We started with the Escargots, Trio of Salmon and Salade Landaise. For main course, we had Filet Mignon, Cassoulet de Toulouse, and Prince Edward Island Mussels. The service was a bit slow initially but then it started to pick up.
The ambiance of the restaurant was elegant. Upon entering we were greeted by the host, I was, needless to say, delighted by this gesture. Due to the small capacity of the restaurant and the numerous amount of patrons, we opted to be seated at the bar. Service at the bar was slow and poor. It took about 20 minutes for someone to even offer our party water to drink. While at the bar we asked the bar tender what kind of drink he was making (from the looks of it we were thinking about trying it) his response "I don't know!" The bartender treated us with disregard and was very condescending. The meal was excellent. I would have rated this restaurant 4 stars if it were not for the poor service we received. My favorite was the French Toast dessert with a scope of ice cream on top, it was delicious!!!
A very nice dinner with great service and early bird special price.I loved the tomato bisque with the little crab cake. It was delicious. For my entree I had the Atlantic salmon, and I didn't like it as much as I wanted to. It was very moist and tender, but I just didn't like the sauce that was with it. My friend's duck breast entree was delicious, especially with the polenta. For dessert I had the Basil Napoleon, and the basil sauce was a bit too strong for me. I loved the French toast that my friend had. Sweet and soft, it's definitely something to get next time again.
Chapeau is such a charming little restaurant which reflects back on the owner very well! The only reason I didn't give Chapeau the 5 stars I know it deserves is because the wait for our food was quite long which made us a bit flustered, but I'm sure its not always like that.I ordered: Appetizer of the day - a potato pancake with leeks topped with melted brioche and a carmelized apple.Entree - braised beef with fettucineDessert - profilates (?) My appetizer was different, but very good. My entree looked amazing. The meat was so soft and tender. The noodles were light, but the sauce accompanying it all was a bit too salty for my liking. My favorite part of every dinner is the dessert! My dessert was so delicious from the whipped cream to the chocolae sauce. I loved every bit of it!As I finished dessert the owner came to say hello. He is such a sweet heart. He's definitely the best part of my experience here at Chapeau. As myself and the rest of my party got up to say goodbye he gave us kisses on the cheek which is a lovely way to send us off with full bellies. Very happy with my experience here.
Food is really shines at Chapeau. The silky corn soup, salmon trio, duck salad- all very tasty. The filet mignon was very tender. Duck breast skin was crisp and moist. Dessert was lovely as well. Service was good overall. Our server had a bit of a snippy attitude while taking our order at the start- he seemed a little stressed but mellowed out eventually. The owner guy is very friendly and warm but almost too friendly as people were leaving the restaurant, we saw him chase down people to say goodbye, shake their hands, thanked them for coming. I suppose not a bad thing. One funny thing is the restaurant was filled with Asians galore.
Food was good, service was good, will definitely be coming back here again!
SERVICE:Excellent. Didn't interrupt us during conversations, and wait staff was attendant. We stayed there past 12 midnight, and not once did the wait staff tried to kick us out. Even the owner shook us as we walked out of the store.FOOD:Scallop Risotto: An island of delicious risotto surrounded by a shallow layer of excellent fish stock topped off by near-perfect scallops.32oz Prime Rib: Very good, especially with the two marrows. Definitely more than enough for two.Creme Brulee: Excellent. One of the best I've ever had.
Like its name, wow! Chapeau has the best cooked halibut I ever tasted!Came to Chapeau on a Monday night and wow, it's packed. The ambiance was nice though--semi yellowish bright and the decors are very clean cut. Like most French restaurant, tables were close to one another, but not close enough to catches the whole conversation of the table next to you. Their wine list is good, but wish there is more by-the-glass selection.The service was great. Upon seating, waiter and watiresses brought us our menu and water, and my water get refilled quite fast every time.Chapeau is not overly expensive and I really like their option of creating your own 3 or 4 courses menu.Here is what I had:Trio of Salmon--it was okay. Little ordinary, but nice touch on the microgreen on top of the salmon to make a light crunch.Tasting of Fish with Scallop--The pesto risotto is so inspiring! I want to make some now. The scallop was well cooked, but just wish it's a little more crisp on the outside. Alaskan Halibut with Mussel Sauce--The sauce was delish! The halibut was cooked perfectly! It's buttery soft (emphasize on buttery soft!) and the pieces just slides off with a touch of the fork. It also very well seasoned. I love it when my fish is not overly salted! Valrhona Chocolate Cake w/ Rum Raisin Ice cream--rich crusty outter and soft gooey melty center. It was definitely a very rich dessert. I would recommend ordering coffee on the side. The ice cream, whoa, it tastes like rum, what more can I say. :)I would love to come back again to try their other dishes.
Easily one of the best french restaurants in the city. Everyone knows it - the food is terrific, the portions are generous (generally uncommon for french fare) and the pricing is unbeatable. Must haves: scallops & every dessert on the menuChapeau is ALWAYS crowded.. so make a reservation and come in early!
My fiance took me here for Valentine's Day and I loved it. I got the Chef's menu, which gave me a good sampler of 5 items. It started with the Escargot which was great for anyone who likes pesto sauce (we do). The strong basil flavor compliments the escargot nicely.The Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo Dough were awesome. The green sauce and the texture of the philo pieces with the juicy fresh prawns was to die for.I had a small sea bass "taster" then, and I thought it was just the right size to get a nice flavor without filling me up before my entree. The fish was cooked perfectly and the skin was amazing.The apple sorbet was a great palette cleanser that wasn't too sweet and had an excellent creamy texture.Normally when I order Filet Mignon in a nice restaurant, they give me a medallion about the size of a large scallop. Not at Chapeau! This filet was about the size of a New York Strip but still definitely the high quality filet you'd hope for. The inside was bright pink and super tender. Probably the best filet I've had outside of Texas.The chocolate souffle / lava cake was pretty good, but my date got the French Toast and that was so much better.The service was great and everyone was very friendly. The chef (Philippe) came up to us and made sure everything was delicious. He was funny and friendly.The prices weren't cheap but I felt that we got what we paid for for sure. So many places in SF would charge much more and not deliver equal quality.We will DEFINITELY return.
First time here. Everything was delicious! They change out their menus every few months too. Would definitely go again!
probably one of the best meals i've ever had...Came here for a late dinner to celebrate an anniversary with the BF. We were happily greeted by the owner, who i might add, sets the bar high for service. He checked in with us multiple times during our meal, made friendly conversation, and saw us off with, literally, hugs and kisses on the cheek. This, my friends, is a man who truly cares about his restaurant.We had to start the meal with a toast: champagne for me, bordeaux for him. Thinking back we should have just ordered the make your own 3 course meal, but we decided to splurge and order a la carte... I had the french onion soup and the filet with bone marrow. Both dishes speak for themselves, but oh dear god--gluttony hasn't tasted this good since i was in vegas.The BF ordered escargot and the bass with oxtail and mashed potatoes. Im not adventurous enough to try escargot, but i did dip my bread into that garlic, butter, parsley & crack sauce. it was delicious! I would have never thought to serve oxtail and bass on the same plate, but it should be the new "surf and turf" standard.We finished our 2 hour meal with the trio of sorbet: meyer lemon, mango and black currant. We were uncomfortably but happily full, so the sorbets were really refreshing and not overly sweet.Definitely coming back whenever there's call for celebration :)
My name is Andrew Siann and I enjoyed this restaurant.I went there with my friend. We noticed that it was nice inside, and people seemed to be happy and it wasn't too loud. It was a good sign.I got the steak or something medium-rare. It was good steak and it tasted good. My friend got something else and he said it was also good.The staff was attentive and kind. I think they liked me. I liked them anyway.Price-wise, it was acceptable. It is a fancy restaurant, and had par fancy restaurant prices. It was expensive, obviously.No complaints. 5 stars.
Love it! Not just the food, but the service is incredible! The chef is so organized that he even has time to come out of the kitchen and greet people after their seated.Great food, Great prices, and a very friendly vibe.
This is an excellent French restaurant!Went here with my girlfriend for our three year anniversary and had such a great and memorable experience.The chef and owner greeted us when we first arrived at our table and even shook my hand and gave my girlfriend a hug as we left.Our waiter was excellent and made great suggestions.We had the Marin oysters and escargot as appetizers; an amuse bouche that consisted of potato, scallop and olive oil; chestnut soup before our meal; fish bouillabaisse with cheese that turns into a fondue (a dry rose at the waiter's suggestion that couldn't have complimented the dish better); cassoulet de Toulouse (with a Cote du Rhone that went excellently with the dish) and a trio of sorbet with a hazelnut basket and a napoleon to finish it all off.All of the above: excellent!We left extremely satisfied and will definitely be back again.I recommend this place to anyone looking to celebrate a very special occasion.
Made a reservation for 2 at 5:30 pm on a wednesday evening.they have an early bird special from 5 to 6 pm, which is a 3 course meal for ~$30. of course, that looked like a deal, and it sure was for the quality of food that they have. my dinner date and i picked different things off the menu and shared.Corn Soup + Crab Cake:- a very hearty soup that was the perfect mix of sweet and salty- came with a fried crab cake, which was very tiny, and sitting in the middle of the soup- not the best appetizer choice compared to the....Escargot:- the best snails i have ever tasted- the texture is softer than most of the escargot out there - i remember the last time i had snails it was like chewing on a thick rubber band, but at chapeau, the snails are more tender- not overly salty! escargot tends to be oversalted but it was excellently flavored with butter/garlic/parsley ...which me and my friend used to dip their deliciously fresh bread- the better appetizerSalmon:- cooked to a medium rare perfection- meat tastes saltier, as if it were smoked - but then again this was wild salmon- overall a very good entreeChicken:- the most tender, juicy, chicken you will ever slide your fork into- veal mousse = gravy- excellent!French Toast with Hazelnut ice cream- soft french toast - caramel tasted toasted, which i really liked- the whole dish was swimming in this amazing light, creamy sauce, sweet/slightly salty sauce....so delicious- hazelnut ice cream had a lot of flavor, as if it were a fragrant nutella gelatothe service was excellent, and the meals came out a steady pace.  the chef even came out and greeted us personaly, which i though was real fancy and cool. it was a great eating experience overall. every dish was impressive and there was nothing i did not like. i highly recommend comming here and getting any dish because they will not dissapoint !
4.5 STARS, but I like to round up! Yummy french place in SF at affordable prices! :) I loved the mussels and frites!! The sauce/broth they cooked it in was so delicious! I ended up dipping my frites in there! Also, the filet mignon I thought was cooked perfectly, and the potatoes that came with the dish were divine! The risotto was pretty good too - not too heavy, though I wish it came in a larger portion :( I forget what my boyfriend had, but he had a few complaints (hence the -.5 stars).I would definitely come back to try their other dishes! You also get to meet the chef! Nice touch! :)
In a town full of outstanding restaurants, this unassuming, cozy French bistro in a pedestrian neighborhood is a real surprise.From the warm welcome by the chef the minute we stepped in the door to the final sip of armagnac with the luscious baked Alaska, the experience was outstanding. Friendly attentive service, each dish beautifully served and expertly prepared, a good wine list to compliment all the food even by the glass and totally reasonable prices make this place a winner in all respects. Fixed three courses of your choice for $ 40.50-. We have been to many other well rated places and either paid a lot more for less or have been disappointed.Often French food is too rich with butters and cream which you feel coursing thru you all night, this was not the case here.First the cauliflower soup welcome sip gets you into full anticipation mode, then the duck salad and the salmon trio with a glass of sparkling, both equally tasty and unique lets you know you are not in Kansas anymore. Entrees of boullalbaise and cassoulet, which came out piping hot and flavorful perfect with a rhone blend wine.This was probably the best boullalbaise we ever had, so rich and concentrated. Finished off with the BA and very good apple tart ( my wife is an expert tart maker, hers is honestly better) but no one would be disappointed with this. The baked alaska was amazing decadence in a snowy package. Click those heels and remind your self ," there's no place like home", Dorothy.I'd recommend this place to anyone who has not had a great French food experience or who just appreciates well made food and great service. They seem to prefer 2 seating times during the week, 6 or 8, in order to turn the tables twice which makes sense. No lunch service is offered, and I would definitely reserve ahead on weekends. It's not quite as intimate as some other larger places, can be on the loud side too, but it is a very relaxed atmosphere making the food that much more surprising.
In choosing what business would get my 100th review, the choice was easy! Chapeau! (got to add the "!") is by far one of the best dining experiences I've had at this point in my life. A few have referred to the restaurant as the "Poor Man's French Laundry", and since I think I'm going to be 'poor' for awhile, Chapeau! is a wonderful treat. My first dining experience here was with friends for the holidays and then with my boyfriend, for just a last-minute, we should do something special to celebrate meal (what we were celebrating, I can't even remember anymore). The have a great assortment of appetizers, my favorite being the salad with grapefruit (not currently available) and the foie gras. My favorite dish is hands down the tasting fish, which is more often than not the Scallop Risotto with Lobster Sauce. This was a great recommendation from my aesthetician, Ennee of Pink Cherry Spa. The dish only comes with one scallop, but it's huge, cooked to perfection and the sauce is so creamy! I usually hate risotto, but they make it just right here. Honestly, whatever I get as an entree is kind of an after thought and is usually finished off by my boyfriend. I haven't found an entree I'm completely taken by, but will keep trying them out until I do (so far I've had the sea bass and the duck breast). I'm really not sure why I always go for the 4 course prix fixe when I would be happy without the entree, but I guess it's not really dinner without the entree. By the time dessert comes around I'm stuffed, but the French Toast dessert is so good here, I always find that little bit of room to eat a bit more. Service is spot on here -- for our holiday dinner, they informed us well in advance that our last minute reservation could only be accommodated at the very front of the restaurant, near the entrance, and it may be a little bit cramped. FYI - last minute here can sometimes mean 1-2 weeks in advance. This was fine, as we were just lucky to grab a table (indecisive friends made me late to make an rsvp) and the staff remained very attentive. Chef Phillipe is very friendly, so don't be shocked if he has a conversation with you while you're eating, gives you a peck on the cheek or shakes your hand. Servers do their best to be on top of things and will readily admit when something about your experience is under par. The last time I was there, dessert and our bill took long to get to us as the kitchen was backed up, so they provided us with a small sample of another dessert as we waited. So many other restaurants and their staff are not as quick to address their mistakes (I'm talking about you Radius, but I'll get to that in another review). This is a great place to take a significant other for something special, as opposed to someone you are just getting to know. At least for me, the ambiance of this place may be a bit too much and the experience a bit too special to waste on someone you're not crazy about it. I also thought this was a wonderful place to take a small group of friends for a "coming of age" type of dinner, you know, where you all get to feel really fancy and a lot older than your high school days, order food you may not know how to pronounce, laugh about how you don't know how to pronounce it, all while enjoying delicious and elegant French cuisine.
After drooling over all the pictures, I finally decided to stop in and try chapeau for date night! Upon entering we were greeted with handshakes and were told our table would be ready soon. No prob, just went across the street for a glass of vino. We came back and still had to wait a while longer but were finally seated at 8:40 for our 8:15 reservation. The interior of the restaurant is very charming lending itself as a great setting for a date! We opted for the tasting menu and hadApp: French onion soup and the salmon trioFish: we both had to get the special scallop risotto Entree: filet and the sea skateDessert: chocolate cake and the "French toast"The waiter initially brought out a complimentary cauliflower pure which was very nice. Overall I think the menu was very well executed. The filet was PERFECTLY cooked as well as the scallop risotto dish. If I go back again I think I will opt out of the tasting menu and just pick and choose my own meal. The desserts were a little disappointing. They looked fabulous when they were brought though had the taste of more of an afterthought than part of the meal experience. The chef/owner was all over shaking hands and thanking people for coming. I will definately be returning!!!
We liked the food and but were disappointed with the service. We (two of us) were huddled on same side of a small table (by the window) and we wondered about this uncomfortable seating - what are these people thinking? Only upon asking, they got us a chair. They never asked us if we wanted something to drink. Only upon asking they got the wine menu. I asked for white wine. They did not give me any options, got me a glass and once again only upon asking told me the details about the wine. We noticed they were selectively attentive towards guests - some got all the attention, whereas we just felt ignored. I just felt we did ourselves a favor by dining at Chapeau. We wouldn't be back.
Dinner reservation for 4 @ 8PM on a Friday, every table was occupied; the greeter said it will be a few minutes. Based on the dining frenzy I fully expected a 15+ minute wait, but wait, it was maybe 5 minutes. Hats off to Chapeau! for the excellent table/guest management. Chef Philippe Gardelle on hand to say hello, it must be a well managed kitchen as well for the captain to be able to wander around, and the ship to not run aground. 3 of us had the 5 course Chef's Menu. Each course was a delight - tasty and beautiful, with good sized portions it is clear why it is the "chef's menu" not a "tasting menu". Preparation, seasonings and presentation were exquisite.Porcinni encrusted sweet breadsDuck breast with fingerling potatoes and daiconSorbet (green apple ... but had a pear taste)Halibut over pea sproutsDesert - each choosing a different option - each extraordinary The service didn't suffer due to the packed house. It did however result in a leisurely 2.5 hour dinner.Wine list satisfied the sole imbiber, the waiter was knowledgeable about the selection, and was rather patient with the person's picky pallet.
I'm becoming a fan of this place as well! (My sis loves this place and she knows the owner/chef like they're BFF!)Anyway, last time we were here, was with douche bag. Thus, my sis wanted me to get that out of my system that he won't ruin this restaurant as our last meal together.It was a Saturday night so the place was packed as usual. We got a res at the bar with my bro, uncle, me, and sis. The lady bartender rocks (though we always forget her name!)They had the cote de beouf (big chunk of meat that is for two people so we each shared with one another). We each got the $38 3-course meal and I got the usual -- escargot for the appetizer, chunk of beef for dinner, and the floating island for dessert. The rest of my family got different food but I took pics and will upload later. Overall, really a lovely place to eat and it's really really good food! Friendly staff as well as attentive. Again, I highly recommend!
I can definitely see why this place has such great ratings. One of the greatest dining experiences I have ever experienced.We walk in and the staff opens the front door with us, while greeting us with warm welcomes. We came 20 minutes before our reservation but were seated right when we got in. Our waiter was extremely attentive and explained everything on the menu very thoroughly. I saw the menu and was actually shocked at how reasonably priced the food here was! $44.50 for a three course meal! Wow.My partner and I decided to share, so we got 1 three course meal and one entree, so we would share the appetizer and the dessert. The complementary bread was delicious! We were offered a free sample of chicken liver patee. We got the trio of salmon, which I didn't expect much of. However, it was delicious; the pairing of cheese and sprouts, chopped salmon, smoked salmon, and salmon roe was perfect. We then ordered the Black Cod and Ox Tail, which was also delicious. The ox tail was cooked perfectly, and the fish was so smooth and delicious. Both went very well with the mashed potatoes and the sauce. Our other entree was the filet mignon with the side of bone marrow. Wow, this filet mignon was reasonably priced ($34), and is definitely the best filet mignon I have ever had. I recently had the filet mignon from 5A5 Steak House, and that did not even come CLOSE to the one I had at Chapeau! The one from 5A5 was also much smaller, tougher, and was about the same price ($29). For dessert, we had the french toast with salted caramel ice cream. The ice cream was really good and surprisingly, the dessert wasn't overly sweet like I was expecting it to be.That amount of food was the perfect amount for my hungry partner and I. The appetizer, two delicious and decently portioned entrees, the dessert, and sparking water totaled to $103 after tax, which is an amazing deal. The service was exceptional as well. I will definitely be coming back here soon! Thank you for a great experience.
So good, from start to finish! They started us with a basket of incredibly delicious, fresh bread and a little teacup of asparagus soup, also great. Everyone in my party got the prix fixe menus.The appetizers were 5 stars all around; the trio of salmon, the veal sweetbread (the favorite) and the smoked trout were all amazing; the escargot was very good, but no where near the best I've had.I got scallops over risotto for my entree. Easily one of the best dishes I've ever had. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the risotto was the perfect consistency, packed with flavor. Everyone else raved about their entrees, except for the two who got the cassoulet, and both said it was just good, but nothing special.My dessert was the favorite. I got the french toast with salted caramel icecream, which was the perfect glutinous dessert. We also really liked the creme brulee and the lemon cake of the day.There were a few dishes that were not superb, but my personal meal was one of the best I've ever had. One or two dishes that were just 'good', out of the many we ordered is no big deal.
Dine Around Town. $34.99 + $24 for half a bottle of Pinot noir. Warm fresh bread, creamy butter. Romantic lighting. Snug seating. Very personal greetings and goodbyes. Fresh, rich, complex, decadent. Favorites? - Profiteroles, Cassoulet. 2 hour dinner. Tab in a wild hat.
Delicious food, without the price tag generally associated with upscale French cuisine.  The owner's personal touch makes all the difference. The Early Bird option is definitely a treat!
Lovely little French restaurant. Classic menu, attentive service, but do I need to literally be sitting in my neighbor's lap? 3 course menu. Everybody that referred to the early bird special forgot to mention that it is only valid Monday- Thursday night. Oh well.Escargot was awesome.Duck Breast and the Cassoulet entrees.Chocolate souffle and cheese plate for dessert.Everything was impeccable as far as presentation and taste. The star off is because I was less than 1 foot away from my neighbor and felt like I could have eaten off her plate if I really wanted to.
Got the escargo, cassoulet de toulouse, and filet mignon. The escargo and filet were delicious, but the cassoulet... not sure if I don't like the dish or the way Chapeau prepares the dish. A bit on the heavy side without any distinction in flavor - couldn't eat more than 1/3 of the dish. Atmosphere was nice - good date spot; just make sure you order something you know you'll like (or just not the cassoulet).
Very friendly staff and food was good. Trio of Salmon appetizer was a definite hit (4/5), but the Cassoulet de Toulouse:didn't strike a chord and left me wanting for more. Trio of Sorbet (mango, pomegranate and lime) was simple, but tasty - each component had strong flavors without being overly sweet.
Came here for a bridal dinner gathering, the staff were attentive, helpful, and accommodating. Some of our party were 30 minutes late, and they gave us no grief about it. Also, when some of our party had to rush out to catch the caltrain, our server did his best to expedite the process. I liked how the chef even came out to greet everybody. The seating was a bit cramped though, so seems like an odd layout for a place you'd go for a special occasion.The food itself was very rich, and small portions. Great place, definitely allot a couple of hours to fully enjoy your meal.
The food here was delicious. We ordered the Escargot and a dozen oyster for appetizer. Our main course, we had the Duck breast and Flet Mignon. It was well prepared. It was packed so please make reservation. Also, its a French Restaurant so plan to stay for 2 hours.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for this amazing french place in the inner richmond. The owner of the restaurant is so friendly, he says hi to everyone in the restaurant when they are seated down. This is my definite go-to place when i'm taking a friend who is visiting the city or when there's a special event (anniversaries/birthday/etc). I love their filet mignon- the right amount, perfect cooking!Traditional Onion Soup - oh my god. heavenly!Flounder - when i'm in the mood for fish, this is my go-to entree! I highly recommend this place for anyone who is craving french food. Reasonable price, friendly waiters. Best service! Great Ambiance! should I say more?
Simply delicious food! Take advantage of the early bird dinner!
My husband and I came here for my birthday in November. We were presented with menus and we really didn't know what to expect because we had never tried more than half of the items listed on the menu. We took a gamble and ordered...By the end of the night we were both thrilled with our dinner selection. I had ordered the Skate and my husband had also ordered a seafood dish (I think it had salmon in it). The night we went the place was busy but they had squeezed us in without reservations. The staff was really great and the atmosphere was super romantic!I really liked the way they served the bill. Staying true to their name, they brought the bill to us in a hat. We will definitely have to make a return trip here someday!
Really, really good. The service was very attentive, the Beaujolais was very nice (priced about right at $40), entrees were solid to excellent (order the Filet Mignon, wow), desserts were excellent. Mainly docking a star because the appetizers, in particular the chestnut soup, lacked something - maybe too much cream, if such a thing is possible? I wholeheartedly recommend the early-bird prix fixe, if like me, you're not working for the tech industry (dammit).
Amazing food and presentation! Every time I come here, I get excellent service and the food is superb! If you live in San Francisco, you must come to Chapeau!
my hubby brought me here for my bday dinner. and food was fantastic. we ordered trio of salmon, roasted duck breast, and wild caught skate wing. the salmon is a little smoky, the duck breast is very tender and flavored. and it is my first time ever try skate wing, it is very good.the place is small and cozy, we get a corner place which is good, not that close to other tables. and service is very nice too, they cleaned the table very frequently and pour water from time to time.we did make a reservation though, just in case it got too crowded.
Came here early 2013 for Dine About Town. More of a casual place compared to other restaurants in this price point. Service was great but the food is so-so. I feel that this place is a little over-hyped with not so much to show and no special characteristics to keep me coming back.
Pros:+awesome service with legit french staff +wine selection was good! We opted for glasses of wine vs a bottle (since i'm technically still a poor grad student) so my bf and i were able to try different wines! You can even go HALF-glass which I haven't seen offered at many places but also a good alternative for diners who like variety!I'd consider getting a bottle for my next visit though since drinks do easily add upWhat we ordered:We each got the 4-course (menu option #2- $46.50/ person) which comes with an appetizer, tasting fish (that's preset- it was scallop on a bed of pesto risotto the night we visited), main course, and dessertSalad Nicoise ( + 2.00 on top of the menu-pre-fixe) ahi tuna was super delicious and fresh, dressing as unique and flavorful; overall: 3.5/5Sweetbread: this is thyroid gland of a calf, i believe? Yeah- it's a must-try if you're excited about new things! I definitely think it was unique. Tasting fish- scallop on a bed of pesto risotto: super succulent and perfectly cooked. I could've eaten 5-10 of these alone! so good.Filet mignon: since my bf always seem to like my entrees more and i didn't feel like sharing, I encouraged him to get the filet mignon as well! We both loved it! I'm not much of a meat eater but this must have been one of the best piece of cow I've had! YUM! Rum cake + coffee (+ more goodies that I can't remember): good and not too heavy.French Toast: YES- french toast for dessert topped with salted-caramel ice cream- my mouth is salivating as I type. AH, i think this was my favorite part of the meal.I loved my experience at chapeau! Will definitely return! :)
Not sure how this place earned their 4.5 stars because the quality and price of the food is highly overrated! First of all, this restaurant is very small and they cram this tables very closely together. If you're looking for a romantic place to bring your date, this is NOT the place. Our table for 2 was so close to the next table that we could hear their entire conversation. Literally, this annoying guy next to us talked about himself the entire night to his date. And you feel restricted to talk because the people next to you could hear your entire conversation. So on with the food. We ordered the escargot and salmon trio as appetizers. They were both delicious. My date had the filet mignon & bone Marie which was quite good but nothing to rave about. The bone marrow was very oily. I had the duck confeit which comes with beans and 2 pieces of sausages. It tasted like duck over chili and was very salty. It was more Mexican than French to me. I've had French and this was not very authentic. Then comes dessert. We shared a creme brulee. Another disappointment! It tasted like it came out if a box! Overall, we had more fun laughing about the annoying guy next to us trying to impress his date than our meals. Glad we tried it but we won't be coming back anytime on the near future! :-)
Food was great! Service was outstanding! They make you feel like everyone that walks through that door is an important VIP customer. Ambiance feels like France and food tastes like France!
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and I couldn't have asked for more! The food was delicious... we got escargot, trio of salmon, roasted duck breast (with bone marrow YUM), filet mignon, baked alaska, and a creme brulee. The appetizers were pretty good, but the entrees and desserts were what stole the show. The service there was lovely - a waiter even cleaned up the bread crumbs on our table after our entree course - and the chef was so welcoming and adorable! He came out into the dining room to greet everyone, and after my boyfriend and I had left, he even ran outside the restaurant to chase us down and give us hugs to thank us for coming. I was so delighted by this gesture because when does that EVER happen?! How sweet!! If you're looking for a dinner spot for a special occasion, here's the place!
I've been here 3 times about 6 years ago and I remember my experiences very vividly. This place started me on my foodie journey. My favorite dishes were:sweetbreads- velvety, creamy, and earthycassoulet- French comfort food with a gourmet twist. The duck confit, lamb shoulder, and blood sausage elevate this peasant dish to another level. Stick to your ribs kind of food.As many people can attest, the food is good. Yea yea... but this is what blew me away: After we got up and left the restaurant, we were walking and turned the corner. I suddenly hear loud footsteps and I turn around and see the chef running towards us. He said he forgot to say "bye", kisses my girlfriend, hugs me, and thanks us for dining at his restaurant. I won't ever forget that. We need more people like him in this world. Every restaurateur should take him as an example. Such a bargain at less that 40 for a tasting menu.
Was anxious to try Chapeau! again, since it's makeover from being Clementine, my birthday seemed like the perfect excuse... Unfortunately, neither experience has left much to be desired.The 'pluses':The food!!! Really REALLY delicious French food. Perfectly seared fois gras, lovely escargot...all my favorites and decadent specials. We ordered from the prix fix menu and it was a good deal. Nothing extraordinary, but much better than we've had at other places in the city.The 'minuses': -Reservation was made, we sat at our table 40 minutes later-To add insult to injury, we were asked to sit at the bar, where the bartender ignored us and faithfully refilled bread baskets while we were trying to catch her attention. Can we at least have a drink while we wait and wait and wait? I nearly snapped (literally) at her to get our Champagne.-Too close to neighbors, what is the point of cramming so many tables in?? I couldn't get to my seat without waiting for staff to clear the aisle. I recommend to lose a couple tables so there is more space and the staff can do their jobs. -The service seemed disorganized and we had to ask for everything. Bread, wine, etc..just took away from the meal.Overall I'm giving an average of two stars, the food was a solid 4, the service was a 1.5 I would recommend sitting at the bar, not taking this meal too serious, and expect an amateur/new bistro with excellent food. Lots of room for improvement in the service department.
I was looking for French restaurant in San Francisco to take my boyfriend in for his birthday dinner. I came across Chapeau! on Yelp and were amazed by the rating and the number of reviewers. We arrived later than our reservation time but we didn't have to wait for the table. Staffs are nice and friendly. The restaurant setting is cozy and more like a neighborhood restaurant. For some reason, I was expecting it like one of those fine-dining place.Other than that, food quality is great for the price of it. The chef also came back to say Hi to every table, that was nice!I will come back for dinner with friends but not for special occasions.
Maybe I came to Chapeau! with expectations that were too high. I was expecting to LOVE this place, so when I didn't like my meal very much, I left disappointed. I came for Dine About Town in January with a friend and ordered:Appetizer: * The Trio of Salmon - Gravlax, Tartar and Salmon Caviar with Egg Mimosa, Creme Fraiche, Caviar, and Capers. I usually love anything with Lox in it, but I found this dish OK. My friend, on the other hand, seemed to really like it.* Pesto Escargot. My first time trying escargot and I thought it was pretty good! It didn't taste like much other than the pesto, but the pesto was delicious!Entree:* The Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin served on spinach, mashed potatoes, and pear jus. I really liked the Bacon and Loin part of this dish, but I did NOT like the pear jus. It made the dish too sweet to the point of being a bit sickening for me. My friend had the same reaction, although he wasn't quite as repelled by the sweetness as I was.Dessert:* The Profiteroles with Dark Chocolate and Ice Cream. By far the best dish of the night, in my opinion. My friend thought the dark chocolate was too dark and overwhelming, but I loved it.As for the atmosphere - It's quite cramped. Beware that you have to concentrate hard to avoid snooping on the conversations around you. However, the chef went around to every table and personally greeted every person there. He even stayed and chatted with a few tables for awhile. It was a nice and unusual touch that I appreciated.Note to everyone who wants to avoid lice: The bill is served in a cowboy hat (since Chapeau means hat), and 1 or 2 people from every single table in that restaurant put the hat on their head. Except for my table, because seeing that was kinda gross.
Service here is great. Our glass of water never became empty, the servers were attentive to how our meal was going, and even the chef/owner shook our hands when we arrived and departed! We dined for Dine About Town recently and I thought that our three course dinner was alright. I think I would like to come back and try their regular menu.
Dinner on a Saturday Night.Cauliflower soup with a dash of truffle oil (In an espresso cup)-4.5Trio of Salmon -3.5 (nothing special, though the fried capers were a nice touch)Corn Soup - 4 (Delicious for what it was, which is pretty much Corn soup )FYI super fillingTasting of Fish- Seared Scallop on top of Pesto Risotto -4 out of 5 (Pesto Risotto was a bit overpowering)Entree:He got the Duck Breast - 3 (I've had A LOT better)I got the Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin -5 Best Pork tenderloin I've ever had, hands down. Never have I ever tasted Pork tenderloin that moist! The Parsnip Puree was to die for!!
3.5 stars. My fiance and I had dinner here recently, as part of the month-long celebration of both our birthdays.  It was a good meal, but did not live up to my (admittedly very high) expectations. First of all, the prices on the website are inaccurate. It's not a huge difference, but this is a big pet peeve of mine.  They offer an "early bird" prix fixe for $31.75 (listed as $28 on the website) from 5-6 pm every day but Friday and Saturday.  You can choose an app, entree, and dessert from some set choices (about 4 options for each course).  They also offer a "Menu 1" (any app, entree, dessert) for $40.50 (listed as $38 on the web) and a "Menu 2" (Menu 1 + a "tasting fish") for $49.50 (listed as $46 on the web).  There is also that SF health insurance charge of roughly $2 per person. The menu choices are also slightly different in the restaurant than on the web. I know there is probably some day to day variation based on availability, but I was quite disappointed that both my desired appetizer + entree were not on the menu when we arrived. This is probably not a big deal to normal people who don't plan their meals in detail days or weeks in advance, but was disappointing to me.We started with an amuse bouche of cauliflower bisque, which was nice. It had some truffle flavor to it. I did Menu 2, the four courses. For my appetizer, I had the white corn soup, which was served with a crabcake in the middle of it (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS).  This was very good. The soup was creamy and had a great corn flavor and the crabcake was excellent.  My fiance did the Early Bird menu and had an appetizer of smoked rainbow trout (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS), which he really enjoyed.  The tasting fish was a single dayboat scallop served over pesto risotto and lobster bisque (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS).  Based on Yelp this appears to be the tasting fish quite regularly.  This sounds amazing to me (its a combination of several of my food faves) but unfortunately was only ok, not nearly as good as it sounded. The pesto "risotto" was basically just rice with pesto, not creamy at all, and the scallop was a little overcooked. It was definitely not worth $9.For our entrees, I had the Alaskan halibut (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS). The fish was cooked well and had a good flavor, but I didn't love the surrounding sauces and accompaniments.  I did appreciate that it was not too salty, as lately I have been finding a lot of white fish in restaurants overly salted. My fiance had a bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS), which he really enjoyed.For dessert, I had the chocolate cake, which is a molten lava cake with a "banana flambe" in the middle, accompanied by rum raisin ice cream and caramel sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS).  (I'm not going to lie, the pictures of this cake on Yelp were about 2/3rds of the reason for our trip to this restaurant).  The cake was very good (dark, rich, not overly sweet) but did not blow me away quite as much as I expected it to. It was a pretty standard, albeit quite good, molten lava cake. My fiance had some kind of French toast dessert dish (yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS), which he liked.The worst part of this restaurant is the ambiance. The tables are crowded much too close together, which detracts from the otherwise upscale ambiance they are going for.  As a result of the tables being smushed togther, the blowhard at the table next to us put quite a damper on our meal.  The service was pretty good, but there was a long time between each course.Overall, it was a pretty good meal, but not worth the 3-hour roundtrip drive into the city and probably not quite worth the price (at least for the regular prix fixe menus, the early bird is a very good deal). My normal barometer for 4 stars is whether I would go back with my own money, and I'm not sure I would (even assuming I lived in the city and factoring out the distance factor). But my fiance really liked his food, and I feel like maybe I ordered the wrong entree, so I'll round up.
Very good!!! Great atmosphere and food. The chef menu was wonderful. The filet mignon was cooked to perfection and the truffle flavor with mushrooms and potatoes was so good.
Went last night with my fianc for his birthday and had a pretty incredible meal. We tried the onion soup, escargot, skate, bouillabaisse, ratatouille and the chocolate cake. All very well done and very authentic French cuisine. The owner is quite a character and greets everyone as they arrive which we thought was a nice touch. The only reason I knocked off a star was because the service upon arrival was not great. I made a 7:45 reservation and still had to wait almost 20min to be seated. There's also not a big space indoors to wait and it was quite chilly outside so I was getting impatient and cold! Once we were seated, it took another 15minutes to get our drinks. I get it, it's busy on a Saturday night but it got a little ridiculous. The food however made up for the service at the beginning and we will likely return again!
Nice meal, nice people, nice atmosphere. Way more expensive than I thought it would be. It was $97/person for four of us who shared 1 bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, and two desserts. I was expecting more of a deal at the end than $390 for four people. I'm not sure this is the restaurant I would have chosen had I known the price. It's not a $$$ restaurant, it's a $$$$ restaurant. And the table was rickety and tilted if you put your elbows on it.
Cute, classy restaurant in a somewhat a random location on Clement Street. Service was very French whatever that means (my girl actually thought the waiter was using a fake accent at first, since it seemed so over the top!). It got very busy quickly and filled up, which is the only drawback of this place. The seating is very cramped, so it's hard to have an intimate and private conversation, which doesn't really fit with the romantic ambiance of this place. All of the food was devine, especially the branzini which was cooked wonderfully and paired amazingly with the sauce it came with. The desserts were delicious as well, preferred the creme brulee and was a nice finish to a wonderful meal.The chef came out at the end to have a word with us and a kiss for my girl. Lovely and romantic restaurant.
First visit to Chapeau! last night as a special treat for my boyfriend's birthday. Went for the Early Bird Prix Fixe. Be aware that it is now $33.75 NOT the $28 listed on their website (I was a little thrown off but it is still a GREAT deal). Great atmosphere and fantastic service. We both agreed that our apps (corn soup and trio of salmon) and desserts (creme brulee and french toast) were great and far above average! Both main courses (bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and mussels) were tasty but nothing to write home about. Would definitely recommend to friends/family for the value and ambiance. Next time we'll probably ask to be seated near the front of the restaurant as we were seated in back and it was a bit cramped and stuffy.
Let us all take a moment of silence to commemorate and celebrate Chapeau's success in putting the city of San Francisco on the world's map for fine French cuisine with an American twist.Executive Chef Philippe Gardelle's wonderful talent of transferring his mind full of beautiful poetry into a meal can be readily appreciated by those that are fortunate enough to pay a visit to this quaint bistro on Clement. In operation since the mid-90's up until its move to the Richmond in the fall of '09, Bay Area residents have been treated to the "oohs" and "aahs" that frequently come out of the mouths of the anticipated sold-out crowds at this establishment as they peer down on their beautifully crafted plates as well as their neighbors'.Its no surprise to anyone that it requires one to make a reservation well in advance considering the space seats 49 (with an additional 12 at the bar), but Chef Philippe personally welcomes all of his patrons as if he was throwing a family dinner, every night, for a family of 49. As you walk in, it feels as if you're immediately transported to another world (for those of you that have seen the movie "Midnight in Paris") by the charm and finesse of Gardelle and his well-trained staff.Even with reservations, there have been many times where there was a significant wait after the allocated time slot. I don't blame them, it must be difficult to get people to leave their chairs here. However, I never did mind the delay since the spacious bar is always stocked with a flurry of options for scotches, cocktails, and spirits I haven't seen anywhere else. Its really a nice place to just have a pre-dinner glass of wine.I have never been a big fan of escargot but was willing to give it another shot with the traditional escargots de borgogne served in butter, parsley, and (yes!) garlic. As I took a good scoop into my mouth, my taste buds quickly turned from hesitation to exhilaration and I knew right there and then that I had to prepare myself for an excellent dining experience.Some of my other favorites on the appetizer list include, but are not limited to, the french onion soup, P.E.I. mussels soup served with creme fraiche, parsley, and garlic croutons, as well as the salade landaise, which is prepared with frisee, duck confit, fingerling potato chips, and classic french vinaigrette.As for the main course, you can never go wrong with any of their seafood options such as the wild flounder but my all-time favorite item would be the filet mignon served on a bed of pommes de terre landaise topped off with king trumpet and oyster mushrooms. It really does excel compared to many steakhouses out there. As such, it is usually an extra $6 to select this item on their prix-fixed menus but is well worth it.Conclude your experience with the always refreshing trio of sorbet with hazelnut basket and apple compote, or one of my personal favorites, the tahtienne vanilla bean creme brulee, and you'll feel like you just had a meal fit for a king.Just to elaborate a bit more on the service, I will provide an example from one of my experiences dining here. One time, my friend had accidentally knocked over a glass of wine on the table and immediately, several of the wait staff came over and started to clear everything off of the table. They quickly replaced the soiled tablecloth with a brand new one (we saw the top of the table completely bare) and replaced every item in exactly the same position it was before. They were extremely quick going about their business and within 5 minutes, it was as if it never happened and we were sitting at a new table!Chapeau has clearly become my favorite French restaurant in SF and I would easily choose to go here over Gary Danko or Michael Mina.Thank you Chef Philippe & company for letting the rest of us in on your passion and dedication to the craft and congratulations to your continued success!
What is there not to love about Chapeau? Amazing food, impeccable service and of course, the famous Chef Phillipe. The restaurant was packed full of customers already when we arrived. We were seated by a cozy corner, and decided on the prix fixed 3 course menu:Appetizers:   Salade Landaise (Duck Confit & Smoked Duck)   Escargots de BourgogneEntrees:   Filet Mignon with bone marrow   Duck Leg ConfitDessert:   Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee   French Toast with hazelnut gelatoThe food was absolutely exquisite; I enjoyed every single bite I had. The waiters were wonderful and polite, and our bread basket and wine glasses were never left empty. Upon leaving, we were bid goodnight by no other than Chef Phillipe with a warm hand shake and kisses on the cheek. Believe me, one visit, and this lovely restaurant will charm you away. Bon Apptit!
Definitely a 5 star restaurant!5 stars for impeccable service and amazing staff!5 stars for the wine selection and pairing!5 stars for appetizers! French onion soup was divine!! Oysters were out if this world!5 stars for our entrees! I had the rack of lamb and my bf had the pork loin.. Tender   flavorful awesomeness! Every bite of our meals improved every second! All the tastes got bigger and better! We felt like VIPs!This was the best birthday dinner I could've given my boyfriend! Every detail was perfect! The dessert was creme brle for me.. So rich(In a good way) and my bf had the chocolate cake of course! We were the happiest couple alive! I would come back here for a special date too! You can tell everybody loves working here! Thank you to the owner, chef and staff for making this dinner so very very special! I have nothing but great things to say!
Phenomenal! The food was INCREDIBLE, and the service was easily among the most classy, professional table service I've ever had. A completely top-shelf operation.We showed up almost 20 minutes early, but they still seated us immediately. Everything was wonderful.Whenever I see creme brulee on a menu, I always get it. This was BY FAR the absolute BEST I've ever had. So amazing!!!The prices are rather high, unfortunately, but not out of reason. Just kinda steep. But the portions were quite ample.Also, the space itself is rather small and cramped. They've done a wonderful job with what they have, but don't expect to stretch out or do any flash-mob dance routines. It's a small place...
My favorite French Restaurant, hands down. My experience here was amazing from the beginning. The Owner greeted us at the door and sat us immediately. My wife and I were celebrating our Wedding Anniversary and they made sure it was special. We both dined on the Menu #2 with tasting fish. The scallop was cooked perfectly and the bouillabaisse was excellent (eat with a spoon!). We completed the meal with creme brulee and profiteroles. The price was a little on the high side but worth the experience and occasion. After leaving, the owner called at us down the sidewalk to thank us for coming in and gave us handshakes / hugs. Next time we're in San Francisco, we will be back here for sure.
This place was amazing. Romantic, without being pretentious, with delicious food and a super friendly staff. The chef even came out to personally say 'hello' to us and make sure that we were enjoying ourselves. The prix fixe menu allowed us to try a variety of items, including the to die for creme brulee and baked alaska. Chapeau strikes the perfect balance of being both elegant and welcoming.
This restaurant is in the heart of Chinese Clement Street. Get here early to find parking! Service is fantastic here. The owner greeted us at the door and he was so friendly! He came around to our table of seven and greeted us again and wished our dear friend happy birthday. The dessert came out with a candle, which was appreciated. The older Asian female server was awesome and the rest of the staff were quick and efficient on refilling our glasses and clearing our tables. The early menu on Sundays from 5-6p is $31.75 for three courses - appetizer, main and dessert. The salmon trio (roe, gravlax and tartar) was pretty good - presentation came with chopped up boiled egg and capers. Escargot was out of the shell in the ceramic plates with garlic and pesto (boiling when it came out!). Standard escargot like any other place that serves out of the shell and it was delicious. The mussels came out on an elegant white plate instead of a Le Creuset type of pot. But they got cold quickly and I ate some mushy ones (not ok!). Mussels came with pommes frites and the basil and other sauce were so good! For dessert, the nutty ice cream sandwich was just ok but the hazelnut ice cream on top of the french toast and the creme brulee were pretty good. We had three bottles of wine. Two moscatos and a red. All were great recommendations by the staff.Gratuity is included for parties over six. Cons - no foie gras on the menu. I was so disappointed! Also, I agree with the other yelpers that the young Asian female hostess with the glasses is unfriendly. She might be related to the friendly older female server who wears normal clothes so maybe that's why? Also, I killed two little black ants at the table. No biggie, but worth a mention.
I came here to celebrate my birthday and absolutely LOVED everything about this place. Upon walking in, I was greeted by the head chef (I didn't realize it at the time); we were making small talk until the hostess arrived and seated us. The restaurant has a European vibe, small and very intimate - and I loved it. Everything about the ambiance is wonderful. Once we were seated and given our menu's our server arrived and he was personable and knowledgable about everything on the menu. We ended up ordering the 4-course meal (which ended up to be a lot but I was happy to be able to try several dishes). I started out with the goat cheese salad, which was SO SO SO good. I then had the scallop over what tasted like a pesto risotto, fish taster, and the stripped bass and ox tail for my entree. Everything was prepared well, tasty, and full of flavor. For dessert we had the french toast with salted carmel ice cream. I'm not a huge dessert person but WOW was it good! The prices were fair considering the caliber of the restaurant.
You know it's good when you still think about it the morning after.. My scallops and risotto were indescribable. The filet mignon was delectable. Our server, Michael, was also a delight. Best vanilla creme brulee or so the boyfriend says. I will be back Chapeau!
Cake fee of $2.50 per person. Yeah..we didn't cut the cake there.Boyfriend's birthday dinner was here this year. We all did the pre-fixe menu which was app + entree + dessert.I liked the onion soup because it wasn't too over-flavored as some places. So yumm to that.Chocolate cake was okay. There are better ones out there such as at Roy's.Escargots were too salty.Service is very great since they refill water constantly & pretty fast.Ambiance is warm, welcoming & pretty classy. They had this vase of beautiful big sunflowers. So pretty! :DDefinitely make reservations at least 2wks ahead; they get full very easily.Street parking is okay to easy. We got lucky & found an empty spot on the corner of the street. The chef is pretty friendly with the greeting the customers when they're there & leaving.
Charming restaurant with great service. This place was insanely full when I came, and it wasn't even 6 yet! The mussels were fabulous. The duck was okay, and the bouillabaisse, was a bit too salty for me. Can't complain about the profiteroles, loved the difference in texture with the almonds.
Love this place food is wonderful And chef Phillip is so sweet i love his desert never had a dinner that was not a pleasant dinner French fries my favorite w champagne Easy parking but make reservation before because this beautiful French restaurant is always busy
I don't want my 4-star rating to be the "end-all, be-all" for my review. I give it a 4 because I did enjoy my meal here. But to be honest, I was expecting a bit more. It didn't help that the hostess who greeted us had a stick up her a$$. And I had to really question myself if it was me who had a skewed perception of her, or if she really was indeed, RUDE. My husband agreed that she was hurried and rude. She practically threw the napkin onto my lap. I could do it myself, thank you. And then she was giving me the look over. "Girl, I'll knock your head off your neck, but I'm a lady tonight, so I won't show my ghetto-ness up in here." That was the thought that crossed my mind. I didn't feel comfortable sitting where we were because it was elbow to elbow with the people at the next table. The appetizers were traditional onion soup and escargot (snails) submerged in garlic, butter and pesto (?). The soup was ok; it was a bit on the sweet side but my husband liked it just fine. My escargots were good, but I would have liked a bit more snail than all the fixins it had. I used my bread to sop up the stuff. The escargots were on the small side. I ordered sweetbreads, which I didn't tell my husband what sweetbreads were until much much later. Otherwise, he probably wouldn't have touched it. He didn't like it, even before he found out what it was. I was pleasantly surprised he didn't run out to the restroom to retch. The sweetbreads were yummy (I know I'm disgusting!) paired up with the porcini mushrooms. Delectable. Our entrees came. My hubs had the halibut and I, the pork tenderloin paired with bacon. Both plates were good. My husband liked his fish way more than I liked my pork. It was a bit tough, less tender than what I would have preferred. The greens that came on the side with the mashed potatoes threw me off. I didn't like the aftertaste. Desserts were a winner. My chocolate cake started oozing out chcolate the moment I cut into it. Dang, like that? Yes, sirree, like that. Delicious and sinful, perfect for someone not watching what they consume in sugar. The creme brulee my husband ordered was creamy and yummy; the top was crispy and caramelly. Yummmmm. **The chef came out to greet us. That was a nice touch. Nice man. He needs to boot his hostess.
Hands down one of the best meals I've had in a really long time! Came here for date night on a Sat. evening. We had reservations set for 8:30pm and were seated immediately upon arrival (note - parking is a BEAST in this area, plan ahead). As we sat down and reviewed the menu the chef personally came out to welcome us (nice touch). We started off with a couple cocktails, they have a fully stocked bar. We both decided to go with the 3-course Prix Fixe menu. To start I had the Foie Gras. AMAZING sums it up! Every single bite literally melted in my mouth, delish!!!! For my entree I had the Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (prepared medium). Yum Yum and Yum. The pork was perfectly prepared and super moist. It was paired with a parsnip puree which I really liked! For dessert I had the chocolate cake served with banana flambe & rum-raisin ice cream. Great ending to a perfect meal. As we were leaving Chef Phillipe came out again to say thanks for coming and goodbye. Overall this was a superb dining experience. Great ambiance, food and decor.
If you forget the ! in Chapeau!, you get the french word for.. "hat".Came here on a friday night with my date at 9:00PM. (Made reservations the same day in the afternoon). It was a little difficult to find cause there's two trees right in front (but now yknow). The restaurant was packed but it was warm and toasty inside, considering it was a windy night. Now I'm not the the type of guy that really cares about the fine dining atmosphere or white tablecloth service, but as long as the food is good, it could be a hole in the wall for all it matters. However, Chapeau! was delicious and the service was outstanding. The dishes were small but packed tons of flavor! We had the filet mignon with bone marrow and the Alaska salmon for our entrees. They were all amazing. The head chef even bid us farewell in the end. Great little place to go out on a romantic date.
The evening started out less-than-promising. We had an 8:30pm reservation for a friend's birthday dinner and weren't seated until after 9pm. We weren't alone. The small entryway was packed with other parties awaiting their tables as well as a good number of us huddled outside in the cold. To his credit, the owner/chef was very apologetic and made his rounds among the crowd, keeping each party updated as to the status of their reservations.When we finally were seated, our busboy asked if I would like him to check my coat for me. Nice. This doesn't happen at every fine dining establishment that I visit. I looked over the menu and decided to go with the customizable, 3-course option. I started with the sweetbreads appetizer, chose the skate wing for my entree, and finished with the french toast dessert. Here's the breakdown:Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads - Possibly the best sweetbreads dish I've yet to experience! Delicate, creamy, and served over an aromatic truffle sauce so delicious that I wanted to lick the plate! Definitely the star of last night's meal!Wild Caught Skate Wing in Brown Butter - The skate was flaky, tender, and practically melted in my mouth. Its fresh flavor enhanced by the presence of the rich and fragrant browned butter which was accented with a hint of lemon.French Toast with Hazelnut Ice Cream - Buttery, caramel-y goodness. The "toast" slices were sweet, moist, and fluffy with a drizzle of caramel sauce and perfectly complimented with a scoop of hazelnut ice cream. I didn't want to share, but didn't have room to finish it myself!Many of my friends ordered the filet of beef with a side of marrow bone, which I got a taste of and was quite delicious. The staff was attentive as well as the chef and we were comped additional appetizers and desserts to make up for the delay in our reservation, which I found to be very classy. The chef also took the time to see us out personally and explained the situation in detail. We had good food, good drinks, and good service. All is forgiven. :)I'm definitely coming back for those sweetbreads and french toast!
Absolute devine food! I came here for the Dine About Town menu with my co-workers. We each ordered a combination of the following dishes (which was not all of the items on the DAT menu)First courseFourme d'ambert Tart: frisee salad, anjou pear, balsamic reductionTrio of Salmon: Gravlax, tartare & caviar, egg mimosa, fried capers & creme fraiche, micro herbs w/lemon dressingDeep Fried Black Tiger Prawns: shredded phylo dough, tomato & onion marmalade, petits lgumes, herbed aoli My co-worker said the tart was almost like a dessert, it was so sweet but delicious. I had the salmon and loved how fresh the fish was. Capers are an acquired taste but I enjoyed them with the creme fraiche to add to the salmon. One of my co-workers knows the owners, so Chef Phillipe brought us complementary Tiger Prawns. Though they were deep fried, there was not a lot of batter.I also added Escargot de Bourgogne since I have not eaten escargot in years and have been craving it. The escargot does not have the shell so they're easy to eat but also extremely hot. They are marinated with butter, garlic and parsley and taste very much like pesto.Second courseSauteed striped bass: roasted garlic yukon gold mashed potato, shiitake, king trumpet & oyster mushrooms, caramelized pearl onion, with bordelaise sauceBoneless roasted half chicken dondine stuffed with mousse of veal & green peppercorn, challot confit, white mushroom & bacon w/sauce au poivre vertThe bass was very light as was the sauce accompanying it. I had ordered the chicken and loved how earthy and rich the flavors were. The meat was extremley juicy and tender, not overdone at all.Third courseTahitienne vanilla bean creme bruleenuage de noix: roasted pistatchios, almonds & hazelnuts in a frozen chantilly & italian meringue, orange soupLemon tartProfiterolesThe nuage de noix one of my co-workers orderd was very refreshing and light. I had ordered the creme brulee and loved how it wasn't overly sweet and had lots of the carmelized sugar on top. The chef had sent us two more desserts: the lemon tart & the profiteroles. I really enjoyed the profiteroles as they were basically creme puffs but they were not extremely rich as they were also covered in melted dark chocolate. To me, the lemon tart was extremely sour but it could have also been since I had already taken bites from the creme brulee. Both my co-workers enjoyed it though.The waiter was very patient with us as we tried to settle the number of people in our group since many canceled on us. Chef Phillipe constantly check in on us to make sure we were enjoying the meal and made sure to say good-bye to each of us as we left. Overall, among the best experience I'ved had at DAT.Note: They are not able to accomidate for groups over 6. The restaurant is quite small with street parking very difficult to find.
French food is not our favorite, but this restaurant was. Food was flavorful but felt light and had the right amount of acid. Services was very proficient and atmosphere was busy and had a good amount amount of energy all around. Good date night restaurant.
An amazing dining experience. Time and time again. Loved every dish ... especially the mouth watering scallops
Dine About Town stop #3 for my Papa's birthday...but 2/3 of us ended up ordering off the regular menu. My mom was the only person who ordered off the DAT menu. She got the Trio of salmon which had lox, tartar, & roe. It looked really pretty & she & my dad finished the plate in a flash. For entree she had the Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin which looked still raw in the middle but I am sure the kitchen wouldn't let it out if it wasn't safe to eat. Besides, it's been a few days and she isn't dying of cystercercosis. The puree @ on the plate was really sweet & we think it might be banana. Unfortunately this item is not on the menu online so I can't go back and verify our suspicion. She finished off with Profiteroles which were nice but they were no match to the ones I had @ Delfina (read my review). The chocolate sauce was quite sour & overwhelmed the flavor of the vanilla ice cream so it was just cold.I created my own 4 course dinner starting with the Traditional escargot de Bourgogne. I haven't had escargots since I was 10 so this was a treat. They were really meaty & super delicious. I do wish they were still in their shells though. Then came the fish tasting course which was a Seared scallop that evening. My scallop was cooked nicely although the risotto was a bit salty. I had the Striped bass & braised ox tail for entree & that was the most disappointing dish of the evening. The filets were a bit fishy, there was this 1 tiny bite of ox tail hidden in the dish, & the sauce was strangely sour in a way that my palette is not accustomed to. The best thing about the dish was the mashed potato which was really rich, creamy, & buttery good. I ended with a French toast which I adored. I am not sure what kind of bread was used but its density was able to soak up all the hazelnut sauce goodness. The salted caramel ice cream was in sanely good.My Daddy (can't call him a birthday boy & birthday man sounds weird) also created his 4 course dinner. He started with the Porcini crusted veal sweetbread. This was our first time have sweetbreads & we really liked how creamy they were. He also had the Scallop tasting course that I did and he actually had sand in his scallop. He had the Cassoulet de Toulouse for the main course which he found to be too salty (he has hypertension so he doesn't eat a lot of salt). He really liked the Cannellini bean with the shredded lamb shoulder though. He finished his meal with his favorite dessert, a Tahitienne vanilla bean creme brle. It had a really nice crust on top, it wasn't too sweet, & it was creamy without being too rich.The service was good except for the main waiter who gave off a "I don't really want to be here serving you" attitude. The man who I assume to be the chef/owner shook our hands when we arrived & gave my mom & I kisses on the cheek when we were leaving...that led to some awkward but funny moments. This was the first time I've been able to really treat my parents to a nice dinner so it was good to know that they liked it.
If you're looking for a place to go on a date or grab a group of close friends then this is the place. The staff members are amazing and make you feel comfortable. They went up and beyond my expectations. Dessert suggestion : baked alaska.
chapeau means hat in english!!! I came here for dinner and this was in the list of restaurant for dine about town week in s.f. This was the only restaurant that had good rating on yelp, the rest were bleh thats why I didn't go anywhere else. I had...beet soup, it was cold and you just drink it from the bowlescargot, not the best I've had and I have to say it's a little americanized. the duck, forgot what it was called but it's the only duck on their menu. That was delicious!!! it had orange mash potatoes and bok choy. for dessert I had the chocolate molten cake, inside was gooey and they dont make it till you order it so be prepare to wait 20 mins for them to bake! this is a good date place but I was with my cousin so bleh...lol
A very pleasant experience. I enjoyed the mesclun salad with creamy dijonnaise. My husband had the salmon entree on the early bird - a large fillet with tasty sauce. My duck breast was cooked perfectly, though needed to be eaten with the truffled polenta for a little more flavor. The desserts were worth the visit: triple sorbets (mango, blackberry, and meyer lemon), and French toast with salted caramel ice cream (my favorite part!)The chef/owner makes sure to check in with all the customers, and the service is very good. Nice place for a special occasion or just to treat ourselves at a reasonable price for French food.
Good food reasonable price-good service
I came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and was underwhelmed by my overall experience here. The food was good, but the ambiance at the restaurant was only OK. It just so happened that they were participating in restaurant week when we came so I'm not sure if the restaurant is normally like this. The wait staff and host were very friendly, however, I was looking for a more romantic and intimate setting. I did appreciate how the chef walked around and thanked customers for visiting. The tables were all too crowded together, and while the service was not bad, it was not spectacular. Our table was too close to our neighbors so we were forced to endure listening to the guy next to us tell his significant other about how many liters of water he is able to consume in a day. For dessert, they did manage to do something special by sending out our dessert with a candle and wishing my boyfriend a happy birthday. Overall, I would say this is not the best choice for a special night out, but for a casual dinner with friends it is a good choice.
If you're looking to save a few bucks, opt for the early bird special! M-Th from 5-6, there's a 3-course fixed price menu for 29.50. Bang for your buck. Normally it's $38. The options are a bit more limited - 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, 4 desserts - but if it's your first time, that's more than enough to choose from. I split appetizers with my cousin so I got to have both the escargot (classic, scrumptious) and the corn chowder with crab cake and truffle oil. The corn chowder was mind-blowingly good. I rarely say that so believe me! I thought the crab cake was mediocre and unnecessary, as the soup shone on its own. The bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin with Asian pears and maple glaze was also delicious. One of the pieces was quite pink which worried me, but I went in for the kill and it was completely delightful! Win. Had to get the profiteroles because it was the only dessert with chocolate. I knew they were gonna be cream puffs but I didn't know the cream would be ice cold...like ice cream! The dark chocolate sauce was absolute perfection.We didn't get goodbye bisous from the chef this time which was a bummer.
This restaurant is great authentic French food for prices that aren't too steep. The four of us chose 3 course menus which consisted of filet mignon, striped bass, escargots, and goat cheese. The desserts were baked Alaska, French toast, warm chocolate cake, and lemon tart. All of the food was great. The filet mignon was delicious, as was the goat cheese. Service most of the time was satisfactory, a bit slow toward the end, and the waitress forgot about my coffee after I asked for it twice, other than that, the only complaint I have is that the phone rang very loudly and we sat in the front corner, so the phone rang in my ear a lot. Overall, this restaurant is great, I would go again.
There isn't much to say about this place that hasn't been said already.I came here with two girlfriends and had the menu 1 for dinner. I ordered the onion soup, mussels, and nuage des noix. as big-bunny.com would say, it was SCRUUUUUUUMPTUOUSSSSSS. small portions but rich rich flavour.The atmosphere was very intimate too. Nice date place ;Doh and be sure to make a reservation!
The hostess was very gracious and polite.The owner was extremely warm, greeting us and thanking us for our patronage. It felt like it was going to be a great experience.Unfortunately for chapeau, our waiter was TERRIBLE.We placed our order (dessert) and he starts to walk away before we finished our order (We wanted wine too). He paces to the front of the restaurant, has a (presumably hostile) word with our hostess, and comes back and says the reservation is for dinner only.It is 9PM.The restaurant closes at 10:30.AND we saw only two other reservations that night....both at 9:30.We explained it would be quick (ice cream dessert would be a really quick turnover, no??), we were amendable to sitting at the bar (no space)...oh yeah, and WE KNOW YOU HAVE NO OTHER RESERVATIONS AT THE SAME TIME AND WE SEE TABLES OPEN.Our waiter tries to tell us the place is busy. It's expensive to run a restaurant. OpenTable is expensive service they pay for.Us: Huh? We called in the reservation.Waiter: that's not the point. (Walks away)I stood up and walked out of the restaurant.The situation was clearly not going to get any better. I certainly was not going to trust the guy to serve us food without spitting in it first.Chapeau clearly did not want to serve us and I'm extremely disappointed.
We went there last night to celebrate my wives birthday, got there about one hour early, after looking for it for a couple of minutes, its hard to find, we went in, were greeted very politely by the hostess, we asked if we could wait for or reservation at the bar, the place was completely full, but they found 2 spots for us, the bartender was very nice and polite he recommended a bottle of wine, very good recommendation, exactly what we were looking for. The place was still completely full. Bad part of the night, our table wasn't ready at our reservation time, just when it was close to my wife saying lets go because of the time it was, the hostess came over and offered us a high table from the bar, we declined. More wait time ... And again when we were about to leave, the chef, (super nice French men), came over apologized, sent us free champagne and oysters, and told us he was getting the best table available for us, our stress turned to gratitude, and it was the best thing that could had happened, food was amazing, and everybody make sure we had a great time ... Thank you, wife was very happy ...The next day, first thing we did was recommend the spot to my sister, and will recommend to anybody who visits San Francisco...
I actually enjoy this place! Even though every table is so close together I don't mind because I love looking at everyone else's food that comes out so I can order it or remember to order that the next time I go back. GREAT WINE SELECTION! GREAT FOOD! I've been dying to try his Cassoulet! However, my love and I don't eat pork but he said the next time that we decide that we want to come in to give a week in advance and he'll put one on the menu made with no pork at all! YES! Love it here!
We live in the neighborhood and cannot believe it's taken us this long to check out Chapeau! From the moment you enter, you no longer feel as though you are in the cold foggy Richmond District. The atmosphere is upbeat, with warm lighting and white tablecloths. There is a full bar to the left which adds to the decor. Service was stellar. Our waiter have a fantastic wine rec and treated us attentively the entire night. Food was amazing. We had the mussels, duck, onion soup, and beat salad which all blew us away. We will definitely be back.
This is a great restaurant. There are many in the area but we came here due to the great reviews. The food is just great. Good sizes, reasonable prices. I ordered their salad with pistacchios, fried brie cheese and it was nicely seasoned and not overly so like most places. My main entree was the skate wing/I have never heard of a fish with that name before and it was nicely done with grape and caper sauce. I got the chocolate cake with a banana in the middle and ice cream. Also very nicely done and rich and filling.The ambiance was nice and dimly lit for the intimate effect of dinning out.  When you go in a older gentleman shakes your hands and greets you. He also gives you a warm goodbye by kissing the side of your face. The only bad part of the meal was the delay it too FOREVER for them to get our desert to us. So other than that, it was a fine french place that was surprisingly affordable.
Chapeau! was absolutely delicious. We both had the duck entree, which was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. They also gave us good wine and appetizer recommendations. They were very accommodating of dietary restrictions too.
Food is delicious. Service at bar is amazing - the bartender and other servers are very attentive, courteous, and helpful!I would be giving this place a 5 star rating if it weren't for the obnoxious apparent-owner. She was walking around in a huff, and yelled at her staff in the front of the restaurant multiple times. She told one server to get out of her face at one point, kept yelling at him, and then stormed around the restaurant. He even apologized multiple times and she continued to yell at him in front of me, and threw a stapler down behind the bar out of frustration (I guess?). Twice.People make mistakes, this was completely unprofessional and extremely disappointing.I think if the Food Network were here she'd get scolded for disrespecting her staff in front of customers. But, this isn't Kitchen Confidential.
I like the idea of Chapeau, but in my opinion, they did not execute it to its fullest. The idea of friendly service, a chef who greets you personally when you sit down, unforgettable food and intimate but lively atmosphere had me pumped about trying Chapeau. Sad to say but I was not impressed.Here's why:*Service:Like other yelpers, I found myself looking around for much of the night wondering when the waiter was going to come take our beverage/wine order, when the waiter was going to take our food order and had to wait 15-20 minutes to get our check. When the server was actually at our table, he was super polite and helpful, but with a full restaurant on a Sunday night, you need to have more than 1 waiter for 10+ tables.*Chef that everyone raves about:Yeah he did greet people and sit down with some tables near us which is nice. The strange part though, was that all night, he passed us multiple times but never a hello or smile. He ran after us when we were walking our and as we were about to walk about the door, extended his hand for a handshake and said thank you. I appreciate the gesture but it felt like it was something he "had to do" to live up to the expectation as opposed to sincerity.*Food:It was good but not spectacular. People raved about the french bread and wine but I got regular bread and my wine was okay. I ordered the salmon and my dining mate got another fish entree. We shared the duck salad and chocolate cake dessert. The salmon was baked and tasted a bit over cooked, the duck salad was good but it wasn't finger (fork) lickin' good. It's very difficult to get a reservation on a weekend so if you plan on coming here, call early! Take these rave reviews with a grain of salt, heck, take mine with a grain of salt too and see for yourself if Chapeau is for you...
I absolutely loved dinner at Chapeau! We arrived 15 minutes late for our reservation last night, so we were dining from around 9:30 to midnight. It was fantastic. I had the escargots, the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, and the profiteroles for dessert. Everything was delicious. Dessert mind you, was on the heavier side, but tasty all the same. I went with a group of friends. We had just seen the new Woody Allen movie Midnight in Paris in the Embarcadero before heading over here. I think the French theme for the night was entirely coincidental. Phillipe is an excellent owner/manager/chef. You can tell that he works hard to make sure that every single guest has the best dining experience. He greets you when you enter and when you leave. He also checks on many of the tables through each diner's meal. When a waiter knocked over a glass of water at the table across from ours, I think I saw Phillipe's eyebrow twitch! He was very calm though and checked on those customers to see if they got wet at all. Coming to Chapeau! after going to Chouchou for the last dine about town dinner I did was awesome. At Chouchou, the waiters were icy and yelled at each other in the kitchen within an earshot of all the tables. I'm pretty sure I heard a couple of putain de merdes! being thrown around there.Chapeau! was....ah....lovely. I don't know if I was riding off of a literary daydreaming high from Midnight in Paris....But hey, the food was amazing, yes, but I have to say that I would definitely come back for the entire experience.
Waiter was snooty to us when we asked about the menu. It was really surprising. Then he disappeared and only served the tables around us. Five minutes later we got a new waitress. So we got up and left. With a million great restaurants around we don't plan to go back to this one. I'm sure the food is great.
This is one of my favorite French restaurants in SF. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable for the caliber of the meal you are getting. The chef is very friendly and always comes out to talk to every customer and make all the guests feel welcome.Make sure you have a reservation as this place fills up, even on week days.
Can I just say that my husband and I were very impressed with every dish we had. We loved it so much that my husband was planning on when we'd be coming back, even before our dessert was served.Don't be afraid to try the escargot. They are not served in the shell, so they appear less intimidating. They're actually very tasty. I absolutely loved the Salad Landaise. The vinaigrette helps cut the richness of the duck. The roasted chicken, the braised short ribs, both so succulent. The creme brulee was creamy without being too sweet. The french toast and hazelnut ice cream was the perfect way to end our meal. It's cute how the bill comes in a hat, which our server explained that chapeau means hat.
Although it's a bit expensive, this was the first time I had proper food since I came to San Francisco 3 months ago.
01.28.11Friday, 7:15. We arrive for our reservation. Our table isn't ready. This place is popular.We sit at the bar. We order a bottle of red. The other patrons are friendly. Philippe Gardelle shakes my hand. We are seated.Cozy setting. You are almost touching arms with the table next to you. Doesn't matter, they're nice people. Our waiter comes over. He goes over the prime rib/bone marrow special for two. Last one of the night. We pass.Four course menu, $46. I start with the escargot. Garlicky, buttery goodness, topped with parsley. I like.Moved on to the tasting fish of the day. I forgot what it was, but it might have been butterfish. Melts in your mouth delicious. I love.Onto the skate wing. In brown butter. With potatoes. Best fish I have ever had, hands down. Thank the waiter for convincing me out of another entree. Excellent recommendation. I double love.Ended with the sorbet trio. Tangy. Refreshing. Yum.I love unpretentious, neighborhood restaurants. This is definitely one of them, with the street cred that all of SF can see.Mr. Gardelle kissed me goodbye outside the door. Thanks, dude!
It's good but not great. Highly anticipated and now, I can finally check it off my list. I was treated here for my birthday/bet I won a few months ago, so of course I went for the 4 course meal. Overall, food was good, but some of the combinations of flavors just did not go well together. Service was great in the beginning until our server's section got full. Then he was MIA for the rest of our dinner and we had to flag him down for everything.- Trio of Salmon: the 3 didn't compliment each other but it was nice to try different flavors. however, only one of them was actually tasty, would pass on the other 2- Foie Gras Special: i love foie gras but this was not executed properly. no flavor and it just tasted fatty dipped in vinaigrette - Tasting Fish Special: can't remember what this one was so that just shows how good it was- Duck Breast: the duck was perfectly cooked to a medium rare, but the orange peel sauce didn't pair well at all, seasonal veggies were either over or under cooked- Filet Mignon: good, but it's hard to mess up good meat. the trumpet mushrooms were also good. the bone marrow was ok. you have to use the long slim spoon and dig it out yourself which was less than a teaspoonful- French Toast Dessert: delicious with the hazelnut ice cream
A bit of an overdue review but here goes.. I came here with a bunch of friends for SF Dine About Town at one of my girlfriend's suggestions since she loves French cuisine. I've always passed by this area on Clement but never noticed Chapeau! It has a cute exterior but is quite small and can be easy to miss.I had made the reservation for 7:30pm for 6 but last mine my friend's girlfriend decided to come along too. Unfortunately because this restaurant is pretty small and they were packed that night, we could not be moved to a larger table and had to accommodate 7 people at a table that was only sufficient for 6. It wasn't really the restaurants fault and both the hostess and our waiter were extremely attentive and accommodating, apologizing for the inconvenience.The Dine About Town Menu was $34.95 for a three course pre-fixe meal. After taking a look at their regular menu, we all found it to be unnecessary. Chapeau offers their own pre-fixe menus for similar prices and your options are open to anything on the menu. It costs additional for certain items but well worth the cost.Between the 7 of us, we sampled most of the entrees as well as a majority of the desserts. The food was delicious. I don't quiet remember every item we ordered but each entree was as delicious as it looked. I would definitely recommend the Salade Landaise as an appetizer. Pan Seared Foie Gras was the special for the day; this would be a good dish to share since it comes in a large heavy piece. Personally i prefer the rare preparation much more but this was quite tasty as well. It was an amusing highlight that braised lamb came with baby carrots and the filet mignon was quiet tender. For desserts... the Profiteroles is a MUST !! Out of the 5 desserts we shared, this one was the best. Fresh cream puff pastries with chocolate drizzle and ice cream :) :)Get out to Richmond and try this place! & make a reservation so you can get a better table !- jenn
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary, and Chapeau! did not disappoint. Everything from the impeccable food to the service to the ambiance was perfect. I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this place. For my dinner, I ordered the prix fix: the escargots, the filet mignon, and the creme brulee. All of it was incredible. I base my 5 star rating on whether or not the food is truly cravable -- if I'll be thinking about this meal in the future, and the answer to this is definitely yes. So far, Chapeau! has my vote on being the best French food in the entire city. Based on skimming through some of the reviews, I can see that many others feel that way, too.Our waiter was highly attentive, and dining at Chapeau! was a real treat. Looking forward to returning one day.
Thank you Chapeau for the great service and yummy food. It took a bit to get my husband to come out and have French food but the atmosphere, personal service from Chef Phillipe, great recommendations from the staff, and excellent food has made us fans. We had the special menu 2 and it was fabulous with mussels, sweet breads, duck and a nice bottle of red wine.It's safe to say that my husband and I will be coming back again. Thank you for all the friendly service and care!
You know you're in the right place when your Foursquare check-in triggered Foodie Envy. "You're at Chapeau?! I'm jealous. How long ago did you have to make your reservation??" Said a friend 30 seconds after my check-in. Hah! :)Recommend: EVERYTHING. You simply can't go wrong here.
I will start off this review with a point of reference, I never finish my meals, ever. I might clear an appetizer because I am hungry, but rarely will I finish my entree or every course, usually I get bored with the flavor and lose the desire to finish.I finished every course, including my fiances dessert, it was THAT amazing. We did the pre fixe for $40 each.I ordered the sweetbreads, roasted duck, and lemon tart. My fiance ordered onion soup, poached halibut, and creme brulee. The sweetbreads was decadent, light pan fried and perfect in size for an appetizer. The roasted duck came with polenta and a few other fixings, but what made it wildly delicious was the jus! IT was sweet and savory and just pulled the entire dish together, I literally could not put my fork down! The Meyer Lemon Tart was the Tart de jour and who knew you could get such a melt in your mouth buttery, tangy tart.The service and waitstaff was great, the only reason I did not give it five stars is because it was very loud and the acoustics were not very good. People are seated too close and we could barely have a private or decent conversation without feeling like we were in the middle of another couples conversation next to us, it would have been nice if there was music.
A rare 5 star review. I can see why this place has 1,186 reviews and 4.5 stars. I could find no fault with Chapeau! I actually felt bad that I've paid more money for lesser quality food. Every dish was amazing. Seriously. I can see why Yelpers go gaga over this place. The scallops were done perfectly and were great in what seemed to be a pesto risotto of some sort.For my entree I had a pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon in mashed potatoes and gravy that were incredible. The desserts were also awesome. We had the chocolate cake and lemon tart. The menu set up is a bit confusing but they have menu 1 which is 3 course and menu 2 which is 4 course.It's a cute little place right on Clement. The waiter was incredibly French. There were many options on the menu of things that looked appetizing. I'd definitely go back.
This restaurant is truly traditional French cuisine. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. Everything on the menu is incredible. Chef Philippe is both talented and hospitable. Prices are more than reasonable. I highly recommend this restaurant to all.
Relaxed atmosphere, perfect service, great food.Originally came for the Dine About Town 3 course menu, but the 4 course tasting menu sounded too good to pass. Everything I tried was great. From the complimentary soup and bread at the beginning to the dessert at the end. The foie gras appetizer was good as was the salad with fried Camembert. The highlight of the night was appropriately the extra fish tasting dish I decided to add. The scallop pesto risotto was simply delicious. It was so good that I had to cook my own pesto risotto within a week of going to the restaurant. The pork loin with polenta and duck breast dishes were tasty and perfectly cooked. We made the mistake of ordering both the sorbet and lemon tart for dessert. Although the meal ended on a rather sour note, both of the dishes were fine. The casual atmosphere, immaculate service, and great food will ensure I am come back. Great for a date or a small group of friends.
Excellent service, excellent food. This is a pretty small french restaurant out in the middle of nowhere (if you ask me). But it's well worth the trip if you have a free day.You are paying around 50 dollars (iirc) for basically what you would normally pay 100 bucks for at a "brand name" restaurant in a prime city location.
I went here with a group of 7 to celebrate a marriage. We had read the slew of positive reviews and Yelp and decided this would be a great place to celebrate. VERY mixed reviews. In general, the food was good. I had the escargot for an appetizer - that was delicious. It was very flavorful and wasn't too dry. For an entree, I had the filet mignon. I was expecting it to be just as good as the appetizer, but I was let down a little. Maybe they screwed up mine, but it definitely was not a "melt-in-your-mouth" entree. Others at the table also got the filet, and they enjoyed it, but agreed with me. My mom actually got the sea bass, and she hated it -- way too salty... Quite disappointing for the price!The chocolate cake for dessert was delicious, though. Very rich, and a nice way to top off the meal. Besides the food, the chef was kind - he came over and said hello; however, our waitress was SO RUDE. She repeatedly made comments suggesting that the customer was wrong, she reached over people to get silverware and plates, and honestly, she had a very snarky tone. I understand that people have bad days, but when someone is coming to your restaurant to celebrate an event of a lifetime (not to mention, spending over $500), you should at least give them good service.Would not come back again, would not recommend. Although the food was better than average, the service was a major turn off.
I'm going to have to update my review after I get my photos downloaded from my camera. A friend was taking us out for looking after their cat while they were away and we couldn't have chosen a better restaurant.Chef was constantly out greeting guests and chit chatting with the guests (this was VERY unfrench and VERY unlike a typical chef that you expect at a nice restaurant - so I was very pleasantly surprised.) Now the food:- bread & butter - REALLY good (yes I was hungry but they were really good)We had DAT and I got to try:- Chestnut soup - rich, creamy and flavourful- Smoked trout on salad - very goodI think the whole table ended up getting pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon (how could you not??? pork & pork.  How can you resist anything with bacon??) Pork was tender and juicy and it was perfect with everything that accompanied it. For dessert, I had the profiteroles (which was perfectly filled with ice cream). I also got to try one of the other desserts on the menu (can't remember the name but it was some kind of pistachio ice cream / cold dessert). That was beautiful too.Our friends had to leave quickly so we requested our desserts be served quickly. Generally at French restaurants, they would give you the look when you request food to be served quickly - why? because you are supposed to sit and enjoy the food without rushing. BUT not at Chapeau. They were very accommodating and I would give them 10 stars for service if I could.Check is brought out in "chapeaus" (hats). Chef came to greet us again before we left.I love this place and definitely will come back. They have a 3 course tasting menu for $38 all year round so even when DAT is over, you can try a 3 course meal for just $3 more.Highly recommended!
Had a wonderful meal at Chapeau! and the Philippe (the chef) was welcoming and personable. This really is a neighborhood gem and I can't wait to go back very soon. To see some great photos of the entrees we had and hear more about our experience, check out the posting on my food blog:eatsporkjew.com/restaura
I can see why this place is highly rated. The food is great and the service is perfect. Came here for Dine about Town and was treated really nicely. The restaurant doesn't have a sign on the windows so it's really easy to miss. Inside is a nice dimly lit restaurant atmosphere.Trio of Salmon was delicious. Salmon eggs, chunks of salmon, and pieces of smoked salmon made up this appetizer. Everything was really fresh and tasty. The pork entree was cooked medium rare. It went perfectly with the mashed potatoes, gravy, and pear. Creme Brulee was nicely done. Sweet but not too sweet.
Wonderful food, yet poor waiter/server service is what we got during our first visit (4 stars for food, 2 1/2 to 3 for service.) I was really excited to eat here for our 1 year wedding anniversary, yet the poor service made the experience more frustrating than anything. Ultimately this poor service overshadowed the great food, so much so that I don't think I would ever return to eat here.The appetizers we ordered were delicious, Goat Cheese Napoleon, and Escargot (A tasty pesto and just the right amount of butter made this some of the best Escargot I've ever had.) Our entrees were equally as good (Mussels with a glorious white whine sauce and a Scallop dish with thick perfectly cooked scallops in a bed of delicious pesto Risotto with a lobster sauce.) The desert my wife ordered was amazing, basically a piece of perfectly cooked French Toast with gourmet drizzle of cinnamon and other flavors, but my what I would call "chocolate lava cake" was just "ok" and brought back memories of a Dominos pizza lava cake. Now let's talk about the service. The service from all employees was excellent and friendly from the moment we entered. Unfortunately the service from the server was not. Now let me preface my statements below about the poor service with some info about the fact that I am in no way one of those patrons that believes we should have a red carpet for our entry, be given constant attention every moment of the meal, and deserve endless groveling/praise/thanks for our patronage. All I ask for from a restaurant is decent service( friendly, attentive, appreciative/I'm glad you're eating here service.), and if the check is in the triple digits that's something I should without a doubt get. Now I was aware that the restaurant was very packed and the server was clearly busy, as well as possibly the only server there, but his basically rude/apathetic service was unacceptable. First we had merely an apathetic quick "hello" when being greeted by the server, a stark contrast from the "Hello, how are you, enjoy your meal." from the hostess. His "hello" reminded me of something I'd get from some fast food joint teenager. Then we had to wait for far longer than we should have just to order drinks. When ordering our drinks the server gave a rude, almost mocking response when my wife ordered a glass of wine that was not available by the glass. Once our drinks were ordered we literally sat through the entire meal without being asked for another glass of wine/drink. We also waited what seemed like forever to order desert, to get our check and to return the check when we were ready to pay (I had to signal the server just to return the check, and was about to walk it over to him when he finally saw me signally for his attention.) Lastly once paying our check we didn't even get a decent thank you, or some friendly acknowledgement that out patronage was in any way appreciated. So in conclusion I would recommend going here unless you are willing to forgive the frustrating garbage service, for the great food. For me such service always makes enjoying my food a very difficult task, therefore I just avoid returning to such restaurants, regardless of the food quality.
I have been here many, many times. To give you an idea, I have been a patron of Chef Philippe's since his first Chapeau! when it was on 14th street, and had dined at this current location when it was called Clementine. Fast forward to now where it has been renamed to Chapeau! after Philippe closed the other location down.Having been a longtime patron, I have tried *every* single dish on the menu and off the menu. The food here is always excellent, and barring some minor details (I will get to it later), never fails to please me and my family. Admittedly, my favorite dish of all time was the foie gras, but ever since the CA ban, the Salmon Trio has filled the spot quite nicely.Tasty and fresh, the dish doesn't overwhelm the palate. The salmon's subtle flavor and texture is emphasized and added to by the caviar and fried capers, and the micro herbs with lemon dressing is a nice complement that doesn't overwhelm the dish. I highly recommend this one to first timers.You are always given a complementary Cauliflower soup in a small cup that is rich and creamy. I gotta learn how to make this!For the main course, you can (almost) never go wrong with the Prime Rib and bone marrow. It is actually intended for two people, but if you are two females sharing, you will have enough food for a third person (female). It comes with steamed spinach and baked potatoes n' Cheese, along with three sauces that you can choose from for your prime rib. The potatoes n' cheese is always baked just right - the inside is soft and gooey without being overwhelming with its cheese, and the potatoes are always cooked through.The best dessert to me is the Baked Alaskan - with a hard crunchy exterior and a gooey, soft rum cake on the inside with espresso ice cream, this is one dessert not to be missed!ConsThe ones I would avoid: I had the Cassoulet de Toulouse twice now, and it's always been bland. There's nothing special and the beans just overwhelms the dish. It basically felt like I was eating a fancy baked bean dish...which I guess is what it is, so there you go. I have to admit though, I am bias as I don't particularly like beans.Chef Philippe once had a rabbit dish on the menu. I don't ever recommend it. It was incredibly bland and a bit tough to chew.What else...there are so many dishes, to review them all would make this an essay! So I am going to move onto the service.The service here has been on a slow decline. We have been getting more and more snotty or rude waiters where they either were inattentive or took a long time to get us a refill of water, or outright was condescending. In the last case, we have experienced this twice from two different waiters. The most recent one was fired, according to Philippe. Guess we weren't the only ones who got the attitude. Today, we had a white, tall, bald waiter who never checked in on us. It was quite a feat to get his attention for refills or extra utensils, and our tables were never cleared off except when the next course arrived and there was no space. The waiter even dropped a pen on me, which hit my thigh tip down before bouncing away. When I brought it to his attention that something dropped and hit me, did he apologized? No. Instead, he assured me it was just his pen and not to worry. Uhhhh...dude, you just dropped a metal pen on me, a customer. When I was a waitress, it is expected you would apologize for HURTING A CUSTOMER. Not to mention, he was rude when we asked him a few questions about the new dishes, as if the questions were stupid and he was so put upon to answer them. That's one star down.As for the food, I tried the Boneless Roasted half chicken dodine today and it wasn't too bad, but not something I would get again nor recommend. The sauce was a tad too salty and the chicken meat was flavorless.Chef Philippe and his wife are lovely and I expect to continue patronizing their restaurant, but today...today was just a not a five star experience.
This was such a great dining experience! Great little place, not too dressy and stuffy. Very welcoming atmosphere. The food was beyond spectacular! Some of the appetizers were a little heavy on the garlic, but other than that the food was superb! I had the sweetbread, bouillabaisse, and for dessert, the creme brulee! The sweetbread was the perfect consistency and the sauce with it was to die for! I'm a huge fan of creme brulee, but really picky. Theirs was one of the best I've ever tasted. Not too sweet and perfectly burnt crust.Overall, an amazing restaurant and certainly a MUST try when in the city! I'll be back there again!
Jadore Chapeau!!I came here with my boyfriend to have a fancy smancy date night for our one year anniversary. This cute restaurant definitely meets our expectations. We came at least 30 minutes before our 7am reservation because we were already in the area and they were still able to seat us earlier than our scheduled time (I of course called ahead and let them know though). I believe the owner was at the front to greet everyone coming in that evening....nice to know that the owner wants to connect with all his customers. On to the food-We got the prix fix dinner four course menu:Appetizers:Salade Landaise:Frise, Duck Confit & Smoked Duck Magret,Fingerling Potato Chips, Classic French Vinaigrette This was a refreshing salad where the sauce was not overpoweringly salty or sweet. I liked the crunchy chips in the salad tooWe also got this type of trout appetizer which was just alright. It tasted like it was smoked fish.2nd course: Scallop Risotto. This was the fish tasting option on the pre-fixed menu. BOMB.COM!!! RISOTTO HEAVEN!!!!Main Entrees: My boyfriend got the filet mignon which was tender and juicy. I'm a sucker for mushrooms which made his dish even better. I can't remember the name to my entree, but it was this fish and mussel dish which was so darn good. I just wish they put more mussels in there or got better mussels with more meat in the shell. Dessert: Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee and French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream = WINNER I'm usually not a fan of waiting too long for my food, and they did have us wait for our desserts after our entrees, but we were soooo full after our main courses I'm glad we can just chill and digest our food.
My husband and I love this place. Its our favorite French restaurant in San Francisco. Very intimate, nice atmosphere. The food is "formidable" especially the escargot, mussels with best frites, filet mignon and many other signature entrees. We even have our romantic spot !Five stars for the food, service , the Chef and the staff.
I've been going to Chapeau! for several years, most recently last night. It's still an enjoyable place - and obviously successful judging by the crown on a Wednesday night - but it's changed a lot:- Wait Staff. We brought our own bottle of wine, a sentimental favorite, and the waiter seemed a bit unhappy when it became apparent we weren't ordering drinks from the menu. It took about 20 minutes and a couple of requests for bread to arrive. I think my water glass was filled once in the course of 2+ hours, and plates that we were no longer eating from were very slow to be removed (see below).- Food Prep. The appetizers were fine. We ordered the steak with bone marrow for two, and asked for it to be served medium (as we had done the year before). It came out quite a bit rarer than medium, and that was after a long wait from the time we'd finished our appetizers. The beef was well seasoned, but we couldn't eat the rarest pieces. It took another 20 minutes before the dishes were cleared, despite the fact that we were right on the path to the kitchen. I wound up stacking the plates myself, as the pooling blood from the rare meat was unpleasant to look at after a while.I realize it's a busier place than it used to be, and maybe that's just where Chapeau is in its lifecycle -- no longer a quiet, thoughtful restaurant and more of a fast-paced bistro. I miss the former, and am not all that sure that the latter works for me.
Went here with a group and most of us opted for the Chef's menu, which was fantastic. We had reservations, but still had to wait about 30 minutes. Fortunately, Chapeau comp'ed all our drinks at the bar because of the wait. The entire dinner took about 3 hours and the Chef is always running around checking up on patrons. Right when you walk in, he greets you. During your meal, he will drink with you. On the way out, he will give you a hug goodbye. Overall, a wonderful dining experience. Every part of the Chef's menu was delicious. If you have to just choose one entree, I would go for the filet mignon. It is flavorful and ridiculously tender at a medium rare -- definitely not tough or chewy in any way.
Rating: 3.5 of 5I've never been to a French restaurant before and this place was recommended by a friend of a friend. I'd recommend this restaurant if you're trying to take someone on a fancy date or if it's for some sort of celebration. I wouldn't really come here on an regular day because some of the dishes can get pretty pricey. They served complimentary slices of bread with butter along with a small tea cup of cauliflower puree. The tea cup was fairly small; about the size of a shot glass. It was kind of cute though having its little handle on the side. The handle can't even fit an average size finger so you have to pick it up with your thumb and index finger. *pinkie finger up* #likeasir lol We weren't sure if we were supposed to dip the bread in the puree but we did anyway. The puree was really creamy and tastes similar to clam chowder. I don't know the French name of what I ordered but I got the lamb and duck. And my friend ordered the filet mignon. My dish arrived in a ceramic plate (I think) containing the lamb and duck within a pool of beans. I felt like they should have done something more creative than let the lamb and duck just sit in there. I would rather have a side of veggies or something else of french cuisine. The dish was really good but there were just SOOO many beans! I tried a couple of pieces of my friend's filet mignon and I thought it was alright. It seemed like they could have added more seasoning because it was somewhat bland. My friend asked if she could get A1 sauce and our server looked pretty insulted LOLL. I didn't think a restaurant like that would have it. I really didn't think it was a good idea either but a part of me wanted to see our server's reaction. Does that make me somewhat of an asshole? I would come back here again but only for a special occasion.
Philippe is Chapeau!Chapeau! means wow! and we were definitely wowed by both Philippe and his cozy restaurant.*** He personally and enthusiastically greeted everyone, took orders, and cleared plates. What a gracious host!Nearly everyone gets the 3 course $38 prix fixe dinner and considering the high quality of the dishes and the nicely sized portions I can see why. Unfortunately I arrived late, so I missed out on the appetizers that the gals were oohing and ahhing over. Everyone liked their entrees as well. We tried the Skate, Duck, Pork Tenderloin, Branzanio, and Mussels. My Mussels came with a nice broth of white wine, shallots, and parsley. I enjoyed them but was more interested in the crisp and salty Pomme Frites. We went crazy for the rich and smoky rouille (like an aioli) and asked Philippe about its ingredients. He told us and also mentioned that except for the bread and sorbet, everything was made in house. Next time I'll get my own Branzanio dish instead of mooching off my friend's plate. It was fantastic. For desserts, we tried the Chocolate Cake, French Toast, Protiferoles, Nuage de Noix, and the Basil Napoleon. All were great! My Basil Napoleon had diced bits of Pineapple, Mango, Banana, Kiwi, and Strawberries with cream and four paper thin overlapping circles of pastry. I loved it but next time I'll get the Nuage de Noix ("Cloud of Nuts"). The candied and crunchy nuts surrounded by citrus flavored cream and meringue was amazing.As we paid the bill that came in a chapeau and Philippe gave us friendly kisses on our cheeks to go with our Frenchy food comas, I was already planning my next visit here for a date night. But as for the fellas, I'm not sure if Chapeau! would be a good date place for you. Unless you are confident that you can out charm Philippe. (Bonne chance!)***I did not learn this in any of my French for Dummies classes so I asked my Frenchy friend about this translation. He said, "With an exclamation point, it can mean either "hat!" or "wow!" but only in the sense of admiration for what someone else did, so I would say it's more like saying "bravo!" than "wow!""
Damn, this place lives up to the "Top 100" hype and I'm so glad I live in the hood! I got the prix fixe and I don't even remember what I ordered! Everything was amazing from appetizers to entrees, and plus we got a free creme brulee at the end of the night courtesy of the house. Can I go back yet?Reservations accepted!
This place is very cozy and elegant. I recommend sitting by the window. The food here is delicious, and the chef comes out to greet you (great hospitality). I ordered the trio of salmon and french onion soup; let me tell you, it was splendid. As an entree I ordered the filet mignon. When I took the first bite of the tenderloin, I immediately thought I was in heaven on a plate. For dessert I ordered the nuage de noix. Very tasty and texture was nice. I recommend this place.
This is our 3rd time visiting Chapeau. We realized the quality of service and food had degraded since then our last visit 2 years ago.Chef is running the floor full time now instead of in the kitchen as before. They really need a chef managing the kitchen as the food really didn't taste as good as before.Appetizer 1: Prince Edward Island Mussels:Steamed with White Wine, Shallot & Parsley,Pommes Frites & Rouille. The mussels themselves are good. The pool of white wine sauce was tooooo salty. The cropped herb was way too much and overpowered the taste of mussels. The combination caused the mussels too salty and grassy. The fries and sauce that came with the mussels were great, but the presentation needed help. The fries were put in a paper & wire cone rack. Usually only big pieces of fries or fried food would use such a big cone rack. Tiny pieces of fries like theirs got lost in the cone. We had to "fish" them out.. and because the fries were so little, they began to fall out from the bottom of the cone. Appetizer 2: Trio of SalmonGravlax, Tartar & Caviar, Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache,Micro Herbs with Lemon DressingWith salmon and creme fraiche, it couldn't go too bad. The dish tasted decent and presented well.However with all the messiness caused by the fries and breads, the waiter didn't bother to clean that up... Crumbs all over the table while we waited for our entrees.Entree 1:Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads:King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Baby Carrots & Turnips,Truffle Sauce, Fried Leeks, White Truffle Oil. The presentation looked decent; the smell of truffle oil was exciting. That fried leeks was NO GOOD. It was greasy and tasted greasy. It's not crispy; it's tough to work with. By the time you can swallow the other elements, you'd still need to continue to chew on it. Salty & greasy. The truffle sauce was on the heavy greasy side. It tasted like their almost poured back the oil they used to sear the sweetbreads onto the plate. The sweetbreads absorbed the grease and gave me that heavy greasiness to the stomach. I went to the vegetables, expecting the baby carrots and turnips would help lightening the grease. The baby carrots were OK, but the turnips were way too salty. After that, I need to go for water to chase down the salt and grease. I could only finish 2/3. Couldn't go any further.Entree 2:Filet Mignon,Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms,Sauce  la PrigourdineSalty & greasy. Again, it tasted like the oil that they used to cook the meat were poured back onto the dish. It caused the meat tasting greasy. The grease was absorbed by the potatoes on the plate, causing the potatoes tasted greasy as well. The skill of cooking this steak should still be refined. The dish did not perform as well as a filet mignon dish should be. If they look at our order, we didn't order much wine. Either if we ordered, the entrees were still waaaay to greasy for a normal dish. With this meal, I think I drank at least 4 glasses of water to chase down that saltiness and greasiness.Dessert 1:Trio of SorbetIt was great. Can't go too wrong with sorbet.Dessert 2:Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme BrleI wish that creme brulee served either chilled or slightly warm. Room temperature of the creme brulee had a yogurt-y texture and didn't taste as good as expected... If 2 years ago, I'd give it a 4-star... Now I say I'd only give maximum a 3-star.
My husband and I just had dinner with a couple friends this past Saturday eve at Chapeau. I have frequented this restaurant since it opened in late '96, and was located deeper into the avenues.  However, since moving to Petaluma 3 years ago, it has been several years since I have had the pleasure to eat here.  It's really reassuring to know that some things do actually stay the same in life as the years go by - it was superb! As if no time at all had passed, Philippe greeted our table and we chatted easily. Considering the 1,000s of people he has met over the years, it feels very special to know that one is remembered. Ellen came by shortly to attend to our immediate beverage needs, and the rest of the evening flowed perfectly, both regarding the food and the service. Their staff is extremely attentive, yet unobtrusive, and there was never an empty water glass or a missed piece of silverware. Now for the food...I did a 3 course tasting menu, starting with the rich, but finely textured, roasted chestnut soup. It was the perfect thing for an autumn evening. I usually stay away from soup, as it fills me up too quickly, but I just couldn't pass it up. I followed up the soup with a goat cheese napoleon. Not only was it a gorgeous presentation, but the goat cheese was delectably smooth, creamy, and on the milder side. Finally, I went traditional and had mussels, with a side of perfectly crisp, hot, little golden frites. Heaven...Every dessert, which no one really needed, was fabulous. Although the molten chocolate cake is not an unusual dessert, this one was just a stand out. The warm chocolate came gushing out of the cake, and though it was a dark, rich chocolate, it was not cloying, nor too sweet. The wine list is quite varied, offers great value, and Philippe's suggestions are always spot on. The restaurant itself has a very warn, welcoming and elegant, yet neighborhood sort of feel to it. I can't wait to go back and am planning another evening before Christmas!
This was an excellent dining experience. The food was wonderful and the service was friendly and professional. The room was warm and inviting.While I will not detail each dish, I will list the basics of what we had. I thought each dish was very well prepared and presented.I had chestnut soup.She had mussels.I had pork loin wrapped in bacon.She had rabbit.I had Tarte du Jour. It was Apple.She had Basil Napolean.We also had Profiteroles. (provided by the house)We tried each others dishes. It was all very good. And once again, the service was excellent. I would definitely return.
We got the crab & avocado appetizer, scallop with risotto, bacon wrapped pork, filet mignon, and creme brule. Mmmmm i loved just about everything. The highlight of the night for me was definitely the filet mignon!! It was so juicy on the inside and just perfect on the outside.. And the house potatoes under it was fantastic! It was full of flavors and unlike any other. For the bacon pork, i loved it too, but not as much. They put some kind of..... (looked like mashed potatoes) under the pork but it tasted so weird for me. Even my bf didn't like it, and believe me when i say he loves just about everything! But yeah, creme brule was the perfect way to end our yummy dinner!!
FOOD wins five stars: excellent tasty, difficult to prepare, great-tasting. Wine--even the cheapest--was mediocre to bad. Don't sell it please. Or just buy some cheap wine from Trader Joe's that will taste better. Get rid of the Cahors, it's gone bad.SERVICE is getting worse. I love Ellen, but can she dress up and slow down? Can she not lean over my food and put her hands and elbows on the table? Can she not serve seven tables at once? Next time I want the French guy.ATMOSPHERE has room for improvement: Put some subtle art on the walls to take away that distracting and unappealing yellow theme. The bright overhead lights make this place seem garish and cheap, which it is not. The fantastic food deserves a nicer home!Thank you.
Another Dine About Towner here. I couldn't get a reservation using Open Table, so I gave Chapeau a call, and they were more than happy to squeeze me in one Sunday night. I was a tad skeptical at first about all the Chapeau hype on here, however, like many of you I was not disappointed.Why I came here? -- Yelp hype and recommendations from friends.What was good? -- Oysters on the half shell: Fresh and simple. Served with a red wine and vinegar sauce. I love the simplicity. Be sure to enjoy a half dozen or so to start off your meal. -- Chestnut soup: rich, creamy, and earthy. I couldn't keep my spoon out of my friends' bowl. (Shame on me!) -- Nuage de Noix: A rich ice cream-like dessert. Perfect combination of smooth and crunchy. The ice cream is smooth and rich, while the roasted nut blend whipped into the concoction provides a bit of a crunch. My verdict? -- The food is on par with all the hype on Yelp. For this, Chapeau! deserves 4 stars. The extra star is from the stellar hospitality of this place! I believe the owners are the French(?) chef and the Asian hostess, husband-wife duo. I was greeted by the Asian hostess with a big smile. She walked me back to the table where my friend was seated. On the way bag, the owner/chef personally greeted me and shook my hand "So glad you can join us." Once we were seated, he greeted my table once again. You can tell that the owners take great pride in their restaurant. Their hard work has paid off.Chapeau is a big hit with me!
Truly a great dining experience, though certainly not cheap and not without a road bump or two. But in the end, a definitely 4.5 star experience, rounded up to 5 stars for the friendly French guy at the door. My date and I arrived and were excited to see that Chapeau! had a Dine About Town (DAT) menu for $35, but quickly realized that it wasn't that great of a deal when they have a regular-priced $38 3-course prix fixe meal and the DAT menu selected each of the low-cost items from that menu. In fact, I'm finding this more and more true about DAT - the deals aren't so great!We were greeted at the door by a friendly French guy, I'm assuming the owner, but cannot be sure. We were seated almost exactly at our reservation time in a cozy, back- corner table for two. My eyes light up when I saw my favorite desert featured prominently on both the DAT and regular menu - vanilla bean creme brulee. Happiness! But soon my awestruck eyes were betrayed as not a moment later another gentlemen walked past and whispered in our server's ear that they had just sold out of the creme brulee! Aak! Fortunately, after a bit of tears, they managed to find one extra creme brulee for me - and it was delicious!Everything we ordered was quite good, except the duck, which was sadly ordinary. The Cassoulet de Toulouse was spectacular, though, as was the foie gras appetizer.
Awesome French food. A good friend introduced me to this restaurant and I am really glad he did. This restaurant started my love for French cuisine and banana ice cream... hahaThis restaurant was where I had my first French meal and at the time I didn't have anything to compare it to. My first impression was that it was really good. Now that I have been to a few more French restaurants, I think this place is even more fabulous than I realized initially. The food was sensational and memorable, the service was top notch and polite (which is saying a lot for a French restaurant), the atmosphere was welcoming and uplifting, and the decor was pleasing and enchanting.Great place for a romantic dinner or for celebrating a special occasional. I had the steak, which was cooked to perfection: juicy, tender, and full of flavor. My friend had mussels and he loved it. He is a big fan of mussels, which makes him a harsh critic, so the fact that he loved it said a lot. And for dessert, we had some sort of chocolate cake accompanied by the most amazing banana ice cream ever. On a side note, I really like the butter they served with their bread :)
Outstanding food for a reasonable price. Extremely (and genuinely) warm staff. Everybody is proud of what they do here, and is equally enthusiastic to be doing it. My fiancee and I went here to celebrate our engagement and it's very likely we'll be returning for an anniversary or two.
Very charming restaurant, very intimate feeling, and the staff's service is beyond outstanding! They really make you feel like a king in your own home, they try to make conversations with you, complement you, take care of your coat. They are a really amazing group of employees, and the chef comes out also and greets you, how personal is that? That kind of service really drives my positive review for this place. -1 star because my wallet hated me, but hey, i wanted to have a super date night, and this is just the perfect place for it. Their recommendation of wine pairings are proper, and they do have a good list, although most of them you have to buy the whole bottle, which we absolutely can't finish in one sitting. I think a meal for 2 with wine and dessert, comes to be ~$120. Aside from that, meat is not only cooked to your liking, but to perfection. The balance of each flavor is proper and exciting. The presentation of each dishes is aesthetically beautiful, though the portion is minimal, but it saves space of dessert, wine, and time to have a good conversation with the beautiful one. Reservation is a MusT, of course, small place, very cozy, very crowded all the time. I would love to come back here, so maybe for another perfect date night.
If you go to Chapeau!, you definitely need to go with the Prix Fixed menu. It's such a great deal :)I went with the Smoked Trout. It came with potato salad (which honestly was what intrigued me about this appetizer... I'm a simple person...). The smoked trout was delicious! A little on the salty side, but still no complaints. I got the Filet Mignon for my main entree and it was so perfect. I can't remember what sauce it came with, but everything complimented each other so well. For dessert I had the typical creme brulee. I thought it was strange at first because it was served cold, but the amazing vanilla taste made up for it. The only reason why I didn't give this place a 5 star rating was because of the insane amount of time we had to wait in between our appetizer and the main course. I believe we waited about 45 minutes... even though in the end, it worked out because it made room for me to finish my filet mignon, I would have no liked to have spent 2.5 hours in the restaurant. I will give them props though for keeping our bread basket full :)
I had a lovely dinner the other night here with my bestie.  Chapeau is a cute little french bistro on clement, and super close to my friend's work, so decided that we do our girlie date night here.We both did the 3 course pre fix, but it's really just pick ur appetizer, entree, and dessert with additional premiums on certain items.We got:- French onion soup - Delish!!! the broth is perfect... sweetness from the onions... saltiness from the ooey gooey cheese!- Corn soup - creamy and super sweet corn taste- sweet breads - generous portion for app size, but it is very rich- and we both go the filet... i got mine rare... and it was cooked perfectly!- for dessert, we got the creme brulee and the chocolate cake... both were wonderful! my creme brulee was so creamy and flavorful! it's one of my favorite creme brulees in the city! Aside from the good food, I love it when the exec chef comes to greet his patrons. Phillppe made sure that he greeted and welcomed each of his guests minutes after they were seated! That' is awesome! Philppe also made sure that he said goodbye to us when we walked out the door! He is so sweet!!! That is what makes this place such a gem! I can't wait til the stupid foie banned is overturned so we can enjoy foie at chapeau again!!
Amazing! I went after looking at all the amazing pictures here on yelp, and the food tastes even better than it looks. It is on the pricier side, but worth every penny! Delicious delicious delicious! Atmosphere is a bit on the snootie French side, but once you take your first bite, nothing else seems to matter.
Oui Oui!My friend and I arrived before our reservation and decided to get some bubblies before hand. Long story short, when we got seated at our table the hostess spills our champagne all over my black sweater. Literally soaked and dripping champagne while I walked to the bathroom. Luckily I dressed casual day and the sweater wasn't too fancy, so I wasn't furious. Regardless, the owner or chef made up for the spillage!! My friend and I got hoooooked up with delicious Oysters and amazing Seared Scallop over Pesto Risotto on the house, I didn't even see it on the menu that day! OMG, both were so so so good. yum! Our meal was deliiish too! We had the Salmon Trio for app, which really great. My foie gras was yummy, but a little too heavy for me...but I did I try to eat it all! By the time it came to my entree, I was STUFFED! I had the Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Swiss Chard, Parsnip Puree and Apples-- it was really good, but to be honest, I had to doggie bag most of it and eat it the next day. My friend had the "Skate Wing" aka fish.. was okay. I personally didn't think it was great. For Dessert was Roasted pistachios, almonds & hazelnuts in a frozen Chantilly & Italian meringue.... as my friend puts it= heaven! SO delicious. French Toast was a little too sweet and heavy after our meals.Over all, I give it a thumbs up for service and food... and a looovely date with my homie-- cheers to free apps!
This place delivers the best french food in sf. I am always impressed with their food. The porterhouse is juicy, tender and fragrant, better porterhouse than most of the restaurants in the city and their dessert with pistachios and nuts and cream is amazing. Chef Philip is warm and kind, he comes out to greet the guests. Dining here is an experience that you will never forget. It's cozy, intimate and warm. A must go if when you are visiting the city. Reservations get competitive in the weekends.
I think there was an expectation mismatch with this place, especially with the quoted prices. We came for Dine About Town and I actually decided to veer off the DAT menu and go with a normal Prix fixe menu ($38) so I could have Salade Landaise and Cassoulet. These are simple, rural dishes that I had as a child living in Europe that I haven't had in many years.I enjoyed the Salade Landaise, thinly sliced confit de canard and a small, pan-fried piece of magret de canard (have I mentioned I like duck?) over a simple salad.However, I found the Cassoulet to be nostalgic but underwhelming. Though the duck leg confit (cooked differently this time) was delicious, I found the beans to be relatively bland and a little undercooked; two kinds of sausage served in the cassole did not fit into the overall dish and served only to distract from the delicate flavor of the confit. Plus, it is very heavy because of the beans and the lamb mixed into the sauce (which, by the way, I had lots of trouble tasting..)Perhaps I shouldn't have staked all my hopes on the quality of their duck dishes. It was actually unintentional because I didn't realize the cassoulet came with confit de canard when I first read the menu.Anyway, I was able to choose a creme brulee (my default) for dessert. I thought the creme was good, but the crust could have been warmer and a tiny bit more charred to give that deep caramelized taste which the great vanilla bean cream can offset.Perhaps I will return one day to try other things, but it's kind of an expensive gamble the way I see it...
Truly a magnificent French restaurant. Definitely a warming place as when we first arrived, the chef came out and hooked me up with quarters from his pocket for the parking meter. He is a really friendly and nice guy who is surprising outdone by his kitchen skills. I thought I never would like caviar, but when they gave us some free ones while waiting for the food to come out, I was so amazed by how great they made it tasted. Words cannot not describe the flavoring on the palette; you just have to try it, but remember to take only small bites at a time to get the real appreciation. My date loved her Fillet Mignon so I snuck some bites :D. I opted for the Cassoulet de Toulouse (Canellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder, Duck Leg Confit, Garlic & Toulouse Sausage). The duck and lamb together was done so right, much better than just duck leg confit at other places. Don't try to order French onion soup here because it would just sound silly; just request the Traditional Onion Soup. Chapeau is one of the few places that know how to really make this, leaving others feel like cheap imitations. This place leaves you feeling happy in all dinning experiences.
Food is good. The place needs refurbishing. Restroom especially. Had a spider crawl across the table!
This place a such a gem. You would never realize that French food is just a few blocks from the Asian part of Clement. Came here on a date after a full days worth of activity in downtown. We both got the early bird special.I got the tomato soup with smoke trout croquette, the skate wing and the creme brulee.We also received cauliflower soup in a teacup, they were handing them out to every table. It was ok, needed a bit more salt, but it had a dash of truffle oil on top so that made up for the lack of salt.The tomato soup was good and creamy and not too sour, the croquette had to be eaten by itself, or else it got lost in the tomato flavor.The skate wing was delicious. So tender and light, it went great with the potatoes and radishes and all topped with dill. The creme brulee was creamy, on the heavier side but it wasn't too sweet. The caramel part was grainy, and the creme brulee was served cold (Just information, not judgement). I almost finished it and I'm not even a fan of desserts. Not a 5, food did not blow me away, nor was i expecting it too. Not a 4, the food was well done and each dish was delicious. So overall it was a 4.5.
Great place for a date...cozy and comfortable...everyone will love it!!
Unless you're trying to save some $$ and pre-eat at Taco Bell, try the following:- Filet mignon and bone marrow are ridiculously amazeballs and plating is unique!- Artichoke with scallop soup was nicely buttered- Oxtail was succulentAtmosphere is decent, but tables are like 6 inches too close. I'd rather not brush up on someone's mussels when I'm reaching for my vino!
If you haven't been here, you are missing a lot. My boyfriend and I were visiting SF and looking for a place to eat on Thanksgiving day and this place was open (lucky us). At the end of the day I said I am thankful that we found this place because the food was AMAZING and everyone was so friendly. Best French food in town for sure. You MUST eat here at least once in your life :)
I wish I could rate both the back and front of the house for this restaurant, because my ratings would be 5 stars for the back of the house (food was excellent) and 1 1/2 stars for the front of the house. We eat out a lot and my husband will normally write positive reviews and save negatives for our own conversation. However, I feel that the inconsistencies we experienced at this restaurant needed to be shared because of the type of restaurant and the prices being charged.Here is our experience for Mother's Day: (take it with a grain of salt since it is one of the busiest days of the year)We walked into Chapeau right in front of another party of 4 (there were 3 in our party) and we all barely fit into their tight curtained off entry. (it was like being piled onto the 38 Geary bus)... We shuffled into the restaurant to give the other party some room and just stood there in view of the entire restaurant while we waited to be seated.The hostess/manager/waitress (she played all 3 during our stay in her tight white jeans and flip flops) showed us to a table that was obviously just an extra stuffed into the others to accommodate the Mother's Day crowd (we watched at least one other party refuse to be seated there until it was finally just removed). It looked right onto their reservation/billing computer, back room, chipped wall paint, and several discarded and unused ice buckets. I indicated that the table wouldn't be suitable (it was mother's day and I wanted mom to feel special) so we were moved to an equally "stuffed in" table right in the pathway of the kitchen/bar that we moved back a bit so that I would not be pummeled and bruised with each passing waiter on their way to serve other diners. At least this table over looked some of the restaurant... or was that a good thing? Not necessarily... (the walls were dirty with chipped paint everywhere and absolutely no art work or any kind of decor to be seen) As we were seated (our butts not quite in the chairs) we were immediately asked... "something to drink" to which we had to ask for a minute to consult the menu. After being seated and moving the table, we were promptly told in a very stern voice that we could not move it because the other diners would not have enough room.. We had to compromise by moving the table just a tad so that their wait staff had enough room. (my small purse had been knocked off my chair twice during this process while waiters passed) This earned us an audible groan and eye roll from the hostess/manager/waitress. I know she was upset because it then took another half an hour and my husband's request to get someone back to take that original drink order. During this time, we considered whether or not we should stay, and since it was Mother's Day, stuck it out and we were glad we did... The food was amazing and the service did get better.We had the mussels and sweet breads and both were sublime. My husband had the pork tenderloin that was obviously brined because it was so tender the juices just ran with each cut... just lovely with the slight bitterness of the kale and creamy parsnip puree. My Mother-in-Law had the Skate, which had a butter/mustard sauce that went perfect with the green/fingerling potato salad. I had the Cassoulet de Toulouse that was cooked to perfection. Everything was moist and the beans still had a bit of firmness and no mush... very filling and good for at least one more meal. For dessert we shared the Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake with the rum raisin ice cream..We wanted to lick the plate.I would say that if you can ignore the less than charming ambience you may expect for $30.00 French entrees, it is worth it for the food. If you are looking to impress a date, I would say go for something else that offers the whole package with both the staff and the restaurant dressed appropriately and ready to serve with a smile.
Chapeauzer! Wowzer! Even with 1000+ reviews, I still needed to yelp my amazing experience at Chapeau! Superb French meal that exceeded my expectations. My family and I took my mama here to celebrate her birthday and it was definitely the right choice.Service: I called two days before and luckily scored a reservation at 5:30pm on a Saturday. We were greeted by the Chef and seated immediately. Legit. Our waiter had a very thick French accent, which was hard to understand at times. He even called us madam and misses. Gentleman brownie points. I was tempted to joke and say bonjourno monsieur but held back.They served unlimited fresh sliced baguettes which was awesome. What was best was that we didn't have to ask the waiters for refill. They knew wassup and gave us another fresh basket right away. We probably went through 5 baskets of those bad boys. The bread was extra crispy on the outside and soft on the inside just the way I like it. Oh, and every time you walk away from the table or if the napkin is left unfolded on the table, ::ZOOM:: next thing you see is a waiter re-folding the napkin back in place. Food: We all went with the prix fixed three course meal for $38. I made sure each family member got something different so we could sample each dish.Appetizer (in order of my favorite)- Pan Seared Foie Gras w sliced apples (additional $6)- Traditional Onion Soup- Trio of Salmon: Gravlax, tartar & caviar, egg mimosa, fried capers & crme frache, micro herbs with Lemon Dressing.- Tomato Bisque with deep fried crab cake Everything was divine. The Foie Gras was bomb diggity ding dongalicious. It had a nice crisp on the outside topped with a pear glazed sauce. Once you bite into it, it melted like butter. That's a big statement coming from someone who usually doesn't like fatty meat. The sliced apples gave a crisp contrast taste with the Foie Gras.The onion soup had a great cheesy crunch on the top and right when you dive your spoon in, you enter a heaven full of melted cheese, crunchy bread bits, and onion soup. Best part was that it wasn't overly salty like most onion soups. One step closer to obesity? Perhaps. Delicious? Oh, you know it, baby.The Trio of Salmon had a beautiful presentation. The smoked salmon was light and complimented well with the dressing. I actually really enjoyed the little fried capers sprinkled around, it gave a nice texture to everything.Now the only appetizer that was slightly disappointing was the crab cake with tomato bisque. I like my crab cake extra crispy but the ball came a little soggy since it was placed in the tomato bisque. However, the crab and the tomato bisque had a great consistency. Dip the bread into the soup! Main Entre:- Rack of Lamb special served in a bed of au gratin- Filet Mignon with oyster mushrooms and stir-fried potatoes (additional $6)- Salmon with red bell peppers and sweet corn Out of these three entrees, the rack of lamb wins hands down. My dad got it done medium and it was so tender, juicy, moist. Any word that makes you want to reply with "that's what she said." I wasn't a big fan of lamb until I had this perfectly cooked meat. I had the Filet Mignon medium rare and it was juicy and tender. Not as tender as that lamb though. The mushrooms and potatoes went great with the sauce and meat. Best filet mignon I've ever had? No. But definitely up there. Both my mom and bro got the Salmon for a healthier option and after trying them meats, it sure tasted healthy! It came crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. It was served with this spinach puree sauce I wished had a little more flavor so I decided to stick to my meat. Onto Dessert! Finally! - French Toast with soft caramel and hazelnut ice cream- Tahitian vanilla creme brulee- Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake, rum-raisin ice cream, caramel sauce.- Basil Napoleon maui pineapple, manilla mango, banana, kiwi & strawberries, champagne-citrus pastry creamFrench toast. ::drool:: Just get it. It was heavenly. It came out warm and soft with this amazing caramel sauce and went great with the ice cream. My whole family scarfed that baby down so fast like a nascar. The Crme Bruelee came in a big portion! I likey. I do wish the top was more crunchy, but it was light and not overly sweet. Holy cow, did I need some milk for this Chocolate cake! It was extremely rich and creamy. Right when you pop that sucker out...warm chocolate oozes out so fast. My family couldn't finish this because it was too heavy. Anything that tastes too healthy to me does not have that yummy factor. Basil Napoleon had great chopped fruits in it but it was nothing comparable to the others.. My parents have been to Paris multiple times and claim this was better than the meals they've had there. Afterwards, the Chef said goodbye to us and we got to take a picture with him. Coolios.Overall, a clutch 5 star meal. Well done, Philippe Gardelle.
I enjoyed the dessert and service, but...that was about it.It definitely is not bad, and the price was great! but I'm quite picky and I understand the quality depends on the price.however, it wouldn't hurt to try this place because the experience was exceedingly pleasant!
Got back from living in Paris recently. A need for French food brought me to this spot. I was not disappointed.Went on a hot date, we got gussied up and were the best-dressed in the crowd, which itself was a mix of young and older, locals and tourists (I assume, as they were armed with cameras and ugly sweaters), Frenchies and not. Pretty good.Ambiance- low light (not too low, flattering), white tablecloths, close tables. Don't personally like the hat paintings on the walls, but hey. I would have liked a little more warmth or a little more elbow room, but overall not a bad vibe.Service was great. The owner/executive chef did a couple of fly-bys, which is nice. It has been said, correctly, that all the waitstaff is not French. I guess this would have been nice, but the woman who served us was sweet, funny, and really did a good job.I hear that the early bird menu is the best option for your money, but I can't bring myself to eat before 7pm, so that was out. I especially recommend:Escargots- Classic, tasty, frankly difficult to mess up, but some places manage to so it's good to know Chapeau! does the little buggers right. Not too heavy on the butter, which is probably better, as I would have preferred a crustier bread for dipping, but that's just me.Oysters- I love oysters. These ones were served the French way, with a little mignonette of red wine vinegar with scallions and a couple of lemon wedges. Nice quality oysters, super satisfying.(We chose a bottle of their Sancerre with all this, and it was the right choice. Crisp and well-rounded, and I am not usually a white wine gal.)Bouillabaisse- Wonderful. Less soupy than I am used to. Big pieces of fish and a few mussels and clams, very good "rouille" (a French fish soup classic flavorful mayonnaise-y sauce that goes great with crouton toast and shredded emmental). Definite success.Bonus points for having Eau de Vie. A little Mirabelle to help with my digestion always hits the spot. If I remember correctly, they also had pear and kirsch.It is pricey here, but not out of control unless you do what we did (basically order off menu and have drinks). Our last couple of drinks cost us 38 bucks, which must have been a mistake, so be careful.
We went here for my girlfriend's birthday and the food was fantastic. The multi-course menu was terrific. As everyone else has mentioned, really great service with attentive staff and a truly wonderful experience.
I'm generally not a huge fan of french food...but I love this place. The skate wing is divine, the mussels and fries are delicious, the escargot is buttery and garlicky. And the portions are huge for a french restaurant. Oh, and the chef comes around to see how you're doing...and he's awesome!
I'm an avid foodie, but the number of restaurants that blow me away in terms of quality service and cuisine can be counted on one hand. Chapeau! is one of those five.We waited at least twenty minutes even though we had reservations, but we were treated warmly and chose the four course prix fixe dinner.I chose the salmon roulade as my appetizer, and then the waiter brought out cauliflower soup in these small white ceramic cups with handles for us as gratitude for waiting and they were surprisingly good.For entrees, we decided to go with the filet mignon with shitake mushrooms. It was amazing! I couldn't finish my dessert, which was the chocolate lava cake (the ice cream was DELISHHH) and it was super rich. We also received a complimentary pear glazed dessert as a hospitality treatment for waiting 20 extra minutes for our table.My favorite part of the night was when we were leaving the restaurant and Executive Chef Phillippe ran out to say goodbye and when I cheek-kissed him goodbye, he held me and said, "No, both cheeks, we are French."I loved this restaurant, and I'm glad I chose this while I was visiting San Francisco. It surely lives up to its name and expectations, and I highly recommend anyone to go.
I came here for my surprise birthday dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The food was top notch, well prepared and unique combinations of flavors. My boyfriend and I did their 3 course menu. We were greeted by a friendly staff and given a small taster of pickled potatoes. I can't remember the appetizers, but I know they were good. I had their duck and it was perfectly seared and paired with this amazing sauce. My boyfriend got their pork with this apple sauce...traditional pairing but the way they did it was very interesting and delicious. The desserts were great, we had this pistachio one and their chocolate dessert. I knocked off one star because of the amount of trouble and disappointment my boyfriend felt having my surprise birthday dinner here. He noted it was my birthday in the original reservation, called the hostess to remind them, and reminded the hostess when we entered, but when the check came and nothing else, he was disappointed. He had to mention something to our waitress when she came for the check. She tried to prepare something, but it was nothing compared to what the table next to us received for their anniversary. Anyways...probably a bit too sensitive, but it did influence our overall experience.
WINNER: Best French BistroThis is hands-down my favorite restaurant in SF. The flavors are clean, the food is fresh. The chef is sooo friendly. He comes out to talk with his customers.
I've been to Chapeau! twice now, and both times, I was blown away. From the warm hospitality to the beautifully prepared food, Executive Chef Phillipe Gardelle really has it all thought out.I must recommend the pre-fixe three or four course menu. Not only is it an excellent deal, you can try a little of each appetizer, main course, and dessert with the rest of your party. I LOVED the skate wing in brown butter, the filet mignon, the sweet breads, and the fourme d'ambert tart.Both times I've gone, the service was prompt and excellent. House specials are always recommended when the menus are brought out, but the waiter will also explain anything else on the menu that diners might want to hear about. Chef Gardelle will literally run out of the kitchen on your way out the door if he had not already personally greeted each diner, and will thank each and every diner for coming in. AMAZING.
Great experience every time I come here. Excellent food. Amazing service. Reasonable pricing. Probably the best authentic french food experience in the city without breaking the bank. Been here 3 times now. And I dont plan to stop anytime soon.
They have a great wine selection. The bread was so fresh and warm and such good quality. I had the salad with pistachio and grapes which was amazing (dressing was the best i have had). It came with warm Brie and walnut bread. The salad was crisp, sweet and salty paired with the warm cheese made for a incredible salad. Tried my husbands basil risotto with scallop. The scallop was so buttery and the basil was so fresh. I had the chicken which was tender and juicy. It came with mashed potatoes and mushrooms which were delicious. Finally, I chose the fruit dessert. The fruit was ripe and oh so fresh. It came in a coconut crisp bowl with such an amazing custard below. It also had this really surprising but great sweet basil sauce. Of course it was a wonderful dinner and I like that the chef came around to say hello. The service was also really great.
Amazing flavors all night long! Service was impeccable, and top notch. The owner was a delight; he greeted every person in the restaurant. My husband and I ate every morsel on each of our plates because the tastes were too good to let a drop go to waste! Everything was perfect tasting, and came out in just the right amount of time. We each had the early bird special which included an appetizer/salad/soup, an entree, and a dessert. I had the tart with pear, blue cheese, and frisee salad- amazing! My entree was the flounder with a potato leek puree, and mushrooms- amazing! Our desserts were Tahitian vanilla creme brulee (OMG!), and a french toast with hazelnut ice cream. I am in a food coma! SO SO SO SO SO SO SO Lovely and wonderful ! You will have to experience this for yourself to truly understand the creative culinary talent which is the beauty of Chapeau!
Delicious, the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin was succulent and I loved the accompanied apple sauce. The filet mignon was cooked to perfection, melt in your mouth tenderous meat with wild mushroom and bits of potatoes. We added the bone marrow and was quite tasty spread over the filet. We had extra servings of bread to accompany our generous pate appetizer which was incredibly tasty. The service was spot on and very down to earth. Even the chef came out to greet us. We were pretty stuffed before the dessert was out but definitely save room.
I had such a good time here. Everything was delicious. I left one of the yummy scallops on my plate and have been regretting it ever since.The service is amazing, and I'm a p/t server. All the waiters work as a team and everyone is there to help you.When we were sat we felt a little squished together. Turns out, this wasn't a problem, the sound of other table's conversations does not carry to your table. Very interesting.I kept looking around for the owner because of the whole "he shakes your hand thing" and I didn't see anyone. Figured maybe he was absent that day but as we were exiting the restaurant he comes darting out right before we leave. He thanked us warmly and said he had even excused himself from a personal conversation at the bar to say Thank you and Goodnight to us. Quelle Douceur!
Chapeau! lived up to its reputation.Like many others we took the opportunity Dine About Town offered to sample the cuisine here and were delighted. The warm, personal atmosphere is lively (a little noisy, but friendly) and I like how the service has a personal touch.For starters we had the trio of salmon (gravlax, tartar and salmon caviar with egg mimosa, creme fraiche) and the mesclun salad. I loved the salmon trio; the caviar added a nice bit of salty bite to the refreshing taste of the gravlax, and with the fried capers (my favorite touch) and creme fraiche the salmon was especially delicious. The mesclun salad seemed a little heavy on the dressing side but very good.For our entrees we chose the wild-caught skate wing and the Prince Edward Island mussels; the skate wing, delicately flavored with a fantastic sauce grenobloise over tender fingerling potatoes and croutons, was easily the highlight of my meal. I ended up spooning more of the butter sauce on my fish than I intended (I probably need to detox today). The crouton bits were a little on the hard side and I liked the mache without the dressing, but those were the only things that I might have had differently. Delicious!Dessert was nuage de noix - something I've never had admittedly - pistachios, almonds and hazelnuts (nougaty) in a creamy dessert. The nougat was a little sweet for me, liked the sauce and the dusting of powdered pistachio on top.Liked how the chef comes to greet all the diners personally. Will come here again, as bf neglected to order the skate wing for himself despite my recommendation and regrets it. Am looking forward to trying the veal sweetbreads!
The night started off rocky. We made reservations a couple weeks in advance, but the restaurant didn't have seats available and made us wait 30 minutes (we went to a nearby bar hopping to pass the time).The smoked salmon was good, don't get me wrong. It's just that I wasn't blown away by it. I feel that for the price I've had better food and better service.Overall, I would not go back but instead try out a different French restaurant instead.
My bf took me here for my birthday last week. I was ecstatic to see that this is the place he is taking me for my birthday, since I have been wanting to try this place for a very long time. We had reservations at 8:30 pm on a Saturday. We got there at 8:15 and were not seated until 9:15 because the restaurant was waiting for the late reservations to show up. Minus 1 star for that! The acceptable wait time for a place like this is maximum 10-15 minutes but not an entire hour especially if you are on time for your reservation.When we were finally seated, we ordered Ahi Tuna salad appetizers, Filet Mignon and a bottle of wine (refer to the pictures). The food was delicious. However, the waiter was a little rude in explaining the menu specials and answering questions on the menu. They also managed to screw up our order, but we let it go.At the end, we ordered a "Baked Alaska" for dessert and I was surprised with a birthday candle in it. It was very cute!Overall, I really liked the food here. The service was not so great and the long time waiting was a bummer. I am taking 2 stars off only for the lack of better service and extremely long wait to be seated even though we were on time for our reservation.
It was a casual dinner with a gf and we were blown away. The food and the service, both impeccable! After perusing the menu we decided on a glass of bubbly and the 3 course menu. She got the special of the day, froie gras and I got the tiger prawns. They were both hearty portions and we were able to sample each others dishes. Delicious! Then she got the skate wing and I got the bacon wrapped pork loin. OMG, again, great sized portions and both outstanding. We wrapped up our dinner with the french toast and chocolate something dessert, (the last two on the menu). We were so stuffed from dinner we barely touched our dessert. I know! Unheard of huh??? If I was able to open up a 2nd or 3rd stomach I would have totally scarfed them both down. The restaurant is cozy, even after taking over the old Clementine space. The noise level is pretty high and to compete you've gotten watch what you're saying while you're yelling across the table. The staff was delightful and the chef also came by to say hello and thank us for coming to dinner. How sweet!
Took the boyfriend here for a celebration surprise, and I'm so glad to have chosen this place over the rest I had on my list. This is a dainty restaurant with great service. Even with reservations made, we still had to wait 10-15 mins, but during that time interval, the chef was entertaining us and 4 other people to keep everyone preoccupied.We ordered off the prix-fixe menu:+ Complimentary traditional onion soupAppetizers: Mesclun Salad with Crme Dijonnaise & Trio of SalmonEntrees: Cassoulet de Toulouse & the Filet Mignon.Desserts: Trio of Sorbet & Vanilla Bean Crme Brle The onion soup was warm and very flavorful but not too overwhelming. I ordered my filet mignon medium... and to my delight, it came out perfectly medium. It was so succulent, juicy, soft - everything a medium filet mignon should be! The boy ordered the cassoulet de toulouse which is braised lamb shoulder with duck leg confit and sausage in fancy French. This dish was very packed with flavors and definitely lives up to its French name. Now onto the best part of dinner (or second best.. cant decide between the filet mignon and dessert..) the trio of sorbet - hazelnut and apple compote. Very creamy, but not too heavy. A light dairy dessert after a heavy meal. And the creme brulee!!! I love love love creme brulee, and of course without a doubt, Chapeau executes this sweet-toothed dessert perfectly :)Would definitely come here again to try different dishes! It would be even more exciting if menus would change seasonally :)
Expensive perfection!
Ordered the bacon-wrapped tenderloin, and onion soup. Was also handed some cauliflower soup.Let's just say all of it was pretty amazing. I did have to wait for awhile even though I had reservations, but the owner was very kind and welcoming.
This small place have great food. I came here for the early bird special which is a 3 course meal with a prefixed price. I got the tomato soup with crab cake, Alaskan salmon, and french toast with ice cream. I was very satisfy with my meal. Portions were pretty good size and I left very full. The decor of the place is a bit cramp. But it was not uncomfortable. The chief came out to shake our hands and made me feel very welcome. The waiters filled my water whenever it need ed a fill with out me asking. I appreciate how they pay attention to your needs to make this meal enjoyable. I will definitely come back.
Pretty nice restaurant. the interior is upscale. the place was crowded on a saturday night. we had 545 reservations and they seated us early. the bathrooms and hallway leading to it made me feel they went cheap on that part of the restaurant...not a deal breaker but didn't make the restaurant feel like it was the same place.appetizers:trout. was smoked like salmon, not what i expected. only ok.mussels. not bad, a bit on the fishy side, but the portion was decent.I had bass with ox tail. she had duck and lamb. both dishes were good. her's was on the heavyier side with beans in the sauce. the bass was fresh tasting, the oxtail was a smaller portion of shredded oxtail under the fish. not bad, but wished it was a bit more.dessert:french toast (she liked it, i thought it was only ok, since im not a fan of toast in the evening)Nuage de Noix - was the better of the two in my opinion.Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnutsin a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue would I come again, not likely, would i recommend? maybe if people are asking what to eat in that area...
All the small plates I sampled were delicious:Califlower amuseCorn soupFoie gras Risotto with scallopAs for the entree I had the sting ray which was ok. Tasty but I wasn't wowed by it. On the other hand I sampled my friend's baby chicken and it was perfect in moister and texture. Dessert (I'm a dessert fan, so I sampled lots):1. Baked Alaska: ok. way too sweet for me. 2. Chocolate cake: despite the great reviews about this cake, I found it too chocolaty. Unless you're a huge chocolate fan, I found myself wanting something light half way through. 3. Creme Brule: ok. your typical brule.4. Nugeut: I don't think i'm spelling this one right, but it was the best dessert. This is a dessert I see myself going back for. Light yet had the crunch factor. Orange soup on the bottom brought a wonderful flavor and smell to the dessert! Staff here are friendly and you'll get great service. Chef is friendly and takes the time to say hi. You enter feeling welcomed and leave feeling satisfied!
I really wanted to like this place. My friends raved about it and highly recommended I take my BF there for our anniversary this Sunday. Right when we walked in we were greeted by the Chef with a warm smile and firm hand shake. He was also there to goodbye when we were leaving. Very sweet but here is why I don't believe Chapeau! deserves more than 2 stars:The amuse bouche was a tomato gazpacho? Too salty to just drink on its own. I actually started dipping my bread in it. The Fish Taste that came with Menu 2 was one seared scallop over risotto with lobster sauce: The scallop was cooked well but the green risotto it sat on was very undercooked. The crunchy uncooked bits of risotto killed the dish for my BF and I. I understand that we were one of the first tables they served for the dinner but if you didn't have time to cook the risotto all the way through... just don't serve it?! My BF couldn't stand the undercooked risotto so all he ate was the scallop.Both the BF and I went w the 4 course option (Menu 2):I ordered:Salmon Trio: Bland in my opinion but it tasted freshFilet mignon: I ordered medium rare and it came out perfect. The sauce and potatoes it came with were great, no complaints but nothing to write home about. I wasn't WOW'd or anything. Pretty standard, I guess.Cheese plate: I ordered this for desert and the sliced apples it came with were mushy... like old apples. The grapes were mushy as well.. like they had been sitting in the fridge for a while. The cheeses were tasty but the bread it came with was not appetizing at all. The bread was cold and rubbery. I actually asked if they could bring me a couple slices of the bread they served with butter when we first sat down. There was an extra charge for ordering this because I was doing the 4 course dinner. Not worth it. The BF ordered:Mussels: Cooked perfectly but kinda small. The liquid it was cooked in was rather bland but the fries it came with were delicious. Filet Mignon: He ordered it Medium but it came out just as rare as mine. He thought the meat was decent and sauce was great but not amazing.Creme Brulee: Smooth and creamy but not overly sweet. Average.Overall, Chapeau! wasn't BAD but it really wasn't worth the $175 bill. The tables are way too close together. I was about a foot from the next couple and could everything they were talking about. I understand they want to make more money by having more tables but it was just uncomfortable and noisy. Maybe it was an off day when we went but I won't be coming here again.
I have mixed emotions about my experience at Chapeau.On the one hand, I felt that the service was very good. We felt welcome and for the most part taken care of. I wish the tables weren't jammed so close together that you could easily be a part of your neighbor's conversation if you wished.On the other hand, none of my dishes (I went for the three course menu) were really very good. The trio of salmon appetizer was pretty bland. My partner's salad tasted better, which is saying something because I love salmon. Our skate fish entrees were VERY salty, and my dessert apple tart was lacking flavor. It's rare that I don't finish/enjoy a dessert, but the crust was dry and the apple on top was dried out as well. The tiny scoop of salted caramel ice cream that was mostly melted upon arrival tasted good, and I wished there were more of that.At the end of the meal, the owner bid us farewell at the door, which was a nice touch.For a meal that ended up costing $65/person, I wish I would have at least enjoyed one of my courses. I don't think I'll be coming back, but the experience overall wasn't unpleasant, just a bit disappointing.
************* REVIEW 188 ****************Mom loves this place because it's cozy, intimate & just simply good French food. I grew up with French influence & Mom often mixed French with Vietnamese cooking. My aunt, mom & I came back after a day of shopping, as always, the food was amazing.- Asparagus soup - can't get any more French than this.- French Onion Soup - mom loved it!- Fritti fried - so crispy!- Mussels with really tasty broth & dipping the fritti fried!- Foie Gras, pan-seared with pear glazed sauce = my Fav dish! My choice of of fattening food!- Escagots over a bed of baby potato & garlic & shallot - prepared slightly different, but the dish was so aromatic.- Warm duck breast medium rare to my liking & pear glazed was cooked for perfection.- Awesome filet mignon, sauteed mushroom & stir fried potato - just juicy & tasty.- Sweet Prawn & tomato stuff with black sticky rice - what a surprise dish.Service is always efficient here. Although I enjoy the cozy place, but it's so hard for mom & I to keep our loud voice low. & if you know me you know I have a loud voice! We can hear everything from the next table & I'm sure they can hear everything mom, aunty & I talked about shopping, guys, & what not! Overall: 4 starsFor value: 4 starsFor Food: 4 starsFor Service: 4 starsFor ambiance: 4 starsFor location: Absolutely no parking around here!
Wow, with almost a thousand reviews before mine, my opinion seems rather insignificant, but oh well... I'll just give it a shot anyhow. Chapeau! (Or is it Clementine? I saw both names used interchangeably) is a cozy little French bistro along the more non-Chinesey section of Clement.Despite the three dollar signs, the prices for the food are not exorbitantly high, with entrees running in the low to mid $20's, and appetizers and desserts hovering around $10. These three can be had separately for $38 as part of the pre-fixe menu, so as long as you don't splurge on drinks, you can easily come out of here spending as little as the mid $20 to $40 range, perfect for non-alkies such as myself.Chapeau! is somewhat on the smallish side, but about right to size to provide somewhat of an intimate environment. However, the seats do seem a bit too close together, and some may feel uncomfortable conversing at their normal volume at the risk of others being able to hear their every word. The favorite Yelper and I were fortunate enough to score seating right next to the pony wall leading to the kitchen, and even so, the couple next to us was so close, I felt like I was at the movie theatre on opening day. Too bad it was some dude sitting next to me.The wait staff is polite and professional, as you would expect. However, not to sound superficial or anything, but many of them do not seem to match the type of restaurant. Our server was a cordial, middle aged Chinese gent, who although is a perfectly fine waiter, doesn't seem to fit in with the environs. I'm all for equal opportunity, but sometimes it is essential to look the part.The food is decent, but not very memorable. As a matter of fact, I was only there a few weeks ago, and I have already forgotten what I had ordered. That about sums up my experience at Chapeau!
No fake french accents and over affected attitudes here. With all the "french" restaurants in NYC, I had decided that this cuisine was just not for me... Alas, I was convinced by my san fran yelpers. Thank you for directing me to this perfect restaurant that creams food love. My bf and I came here for a romantic dinner on our first night on a recent trip to san fran. Perfection from beginning to end. And by end, I mean the DREAM FRENCH TOAST dessert. Why isn't this everywhere?? This is the best invention since eggs benedict with french toast instead of english muffins (YES, all of the worlds problems have officially been solved!)We were there late evening on a Wednesday. The restaurant was still packed but cleared out through our meal. The chef came out to greet every single guest. He was so charming. Considering how perfect this experience is, you really cannot beat the price either. GO NOW!!
chapeau means "hat". chapeau! with the exclamation mark means "wow".i take my hat off to you chapeau...because i was wowed! every single dish we ordered was done well. i will just highlight my favorites since there are enough other reviews to fill you in on what i will leave out.foie gras. seared to a crispy perfection on the outside but still tender on the inside. the flavor was just right and full of silken textures. the presentation was elegant as a fan of sliced apples was wisped in the middle of the plate. even the often-over-looked micro green salad on the side was well dressed and refreshing.sweet breads. fried to a light golden brown and did not have any of the grit. it was smooth and tasty.skate wing. i've never heard of this fish before but after one bite, i will forever remember it's name. delicate in taste, moist yet flaky. warm chocolate cake. worth every bit of the 10 minute wait. gooey lava flows from the center and was filled with chunks of banana. the cake was soft and chewy. the chocolate used was of high quality.basil napoleon. basil for dessert? why yes! so refreshing with chopped fruits and delicate napoleon wafers. who knew herbs could make for good sweets!the prices are reasonable and the service is right on. the chef greets every table as if they were VIP guests and bids fond farewells with hugs and kisses. well done chapeau!
The chef was super super friendly.. Came out during our dinner service and did a little meet and greet. Food was good will be back!
This place is a Wow! The bacon wrapped tenderloin was great. The best part was the french toast for dessert. Definitely a place we will come ba k to when visiting San Francisco!
Came here +1 for dinner, and we tried a 4-course and 3-course prix fixe, for a total of 7 courses.The appetizers were excellent overall. The complimentary cauliflower soup was solid, as was the trio of salmon. The foie de volaille was respectable but nothing to write home about.The main courses were a mixed bag. Our 'fish' was a scallop risotto which was made very well. However, what the server had called 'scallops' was really only one scallop, which did not appease my overeager appetite. The duck leg confit was very average, while the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin was overly hard and chewy. We were both excited by how the dishes sounded but ultimately disappointed in how they turned out.Finally, the dessert ended our meal on a positive note. Tried both the nuage de noix and the baked alaska, and I was a fan of both (though not my date).Service was decent - it was a nice touch to see the chef greet every guest, and the service staff took good care of us.
This was delicious, great professional service.Philippe (the chef) came at the end of the meal to say hi and ask us about our experience.
Had the four course menu here Saturday night. At just under $50, it's a good deal. The dinner started with a complementary thimble cup of cauliflower soup that was delish! My first course was a crab avocado appetizer that was very tasty and nicely presented. Next, I had the scallop with risotto, which was disappointing because it was gritty and somewhat tasteless. When I explained the grit to the waiter, he immediately went and told the chef, who explained that at certain times of the year, he doesn't like to wash scallops too heavily because they'll loose their flavor. I appreciated the attention our server gave the matter, though I think not serving the dish would be a better decision on the chef's part. It was very gritty and the flavor didn't measure up to either the soup or crab.For the main course, I had the duck, which was fine but not exceptional (solid B). I actually thought it was overcooked and a bit dry, but that was significantly offset by the flavors and side it came with. Also, presentation was appealing.I had the French toast w/caramel for dessert. Truly decadent, without being sickening.Our server recommended the 2009 La Roubinir "La Grange des Briguieres", which he did a great job describing and I thought it was a good deal at $42/bottle.Service was excellent. The portions were the right size (small by American standards), so I was totally satisfied but didn't feel like a stuffed goose. The ambiance was lively, even at our "late lunch" hour of dining (5:00 p.m. -- an no, my hair isn't blue -- this was a late lunch for me, with no dinner that evening). The place was packed by 6:00 p.m.
Foie gras is no longer served. Hubby and I liked our dishes during our first visit better, but doesn't mean we won't be back.
Brought my baby to this place to slam that exclamation point at the end of our SF trip together and boy did we pick the right place! Ambiance was a bit noisy but everything else made up for it! The service was splendid, the head chef came out to greet us and discuss how our meal was, awesome! I had the filet mignon, was superb and cooked to perfection. Chela decided on the roasted chicken and the star of the dish was not even the chicken it was the sauce,YUM!Gotta say it was well worth the drive from the other side of the city lol!Without a doubt DeeK approved!
Food:I came for the early bird special which is a set menus for $29.50. You get one appetizer, one entree and one dessert. 1) salad with grapes, pistachio, walnut bread and a cube of deep fried bree cheese: The leafy greens were good, the grapes were super sweet and the pistachio gave it a nice touch. The walnut bread was to hard and crusty. Not much flavor in it either. I liked the cute of fried bree cheese. It sounds kinda gross and oily but it was made pretty well. 2) Salmon: really crispy skin and top layer. i don't know what was on the top layer of this salmon but it was mmmMmMMmm...good! It came in this green sauce that was DELICIOUS! I loved all the flavors of this dish! 3) Creme Brulee: Amazing!!! Didn't taste too heavy or sweet! The top caramelized layer was PERFECT! I really liked it!Service: Typical higher end French place. They were very friendly and welcoming. The owner came and introduced himself to us. And even personally thanked us when we left. That was really nice. Way to show some good old fashioned hospitality! Ambiance: Really cute and classy on the inside. I liked how it looked really clean and new. It was very simple but nice. They really created some evening ambiance by gradually dimming down the lights as the night progressed. Price: Pretty good set menus options for $30. Overall: Nice place, good food, solid service. Not bad :)
Greetings!Chapeau simply means hat, but adding the exclamation point and Chapeau! is a generic expression as a means of approval. Kind of like the gesture of tipping your hat so it totally makes sense. Now that I've enlightened you with such a useful piece of knowledge let me tell you a little bit about this restaurant.I was not very impressed with Chapeau!. I had pretty high expectations, but apparently when we went it was undergoing some construction. Hopefully it looks better regularly, but I can't imagine how it might look any different. It seemed a bit overpriced for a location in Inner Richmond and I couldn't see why the restaurant warranted a 4.5 rating.We got the Menu 1, which allowed us to get an appetizer, entree, and dessert item for a pretty good price at $38, but you had to pay a little extra for all the foods that you actually wanted to eat. For the appetizers we got the Oysters and the Trio of Salmon. But I don't know what they meant by trio of salmon because it looked and tasted pretty damn singular to me. The smallest piece of salmon I've ever seen, but I'm a fatty so those are the things that frustrate me. We got the Cassoulet de Toulouse and the Filet Mignon. My lamb shoulder was pretty sub par and not very tasty and the Filet Mignon was delicious because it's Filet Mignon. And I don't even want to write more, but the desserts were just decent.To top it all off I think we sat next to the biggest bag of douche ever. He was obviously drinking too much and he was just an insecure and lonely middle aged man who talked way too much. So the food was decent and the experience would have been horrid, but our waiter was awesome. I forgot his name, but he was a kind old Asian man who really made us feel appreciated and he had absolutely excellent customer service. He was the best part of the restaurant and would only want to be served by him because he was that good. That is all. Never going back!the Great,GumZ
Celebrated our wedding anniversary at Chapeau last night with friends from out of state who are visiting. Everything was delicious, the pace of the meal luxurious, and the service excellent. Thank you, Chapeau, for another wonderful evening.
Hats off to Chapeau! because WOW this place is SO GOOD! (haha).I was tipped off by a friend to try the foie gras here before the ban, so there we were, 4 days before July 1, sitting in a tight and toasty booth for 3. I think I had a mini panic attack as I quickly scanned the menu and DID NOT see any foie gras. Thankfully the server came to my rescue and promptly presented the seared foie gras as one of the specials of the night. Whew.We wanted to try a good range of dishes without going overboard, so we strategically decided who would order the 3 course prix fixe menu ($40) with seared foie gras as the appetizer, and who would order the 4 course prix fixe menu ($49) with the "tasting fish" or "fish of the night." Of couse, most of the dishes required extra $ to be tacked onto the $40 price. But hey, if you wanna eat good, gotta pay for it sometimes. Otherwise, the choices you'd be left with would be like the proscuitto wrapped pork tenderloin, which is delicious in its own right I'm sure. But we were here for the good, fine ish.READ: good ish = filet mignon, bone marrow, seared foie gras, and the scallop (tasting fish). The half-shell oysters (6) were petite but even my friend, who doesn't eat raw fish and rarely eats seafood, said they were really good and flavorful. Every plate, although small, was cooked beautifully in an understated way. I've already made up my mind that this is probably my favorite French restaurant in the city (hence 5 stars), because they certainly make the BEST seared foie gras and bone marrow I've had - yes even better than La Folie or Jardiniere or even Isa! The server tempted me to come back all 4 days before the ban "just to have foie gras and nothing else." I love my waistline more though so it really hurt me to cancel my reservation for Chapeau! that I had for the next night...
We came for dine about town. Perfect parking - right in front of the restaurant. We arrived half an hour before our rsvp but our table was ready (yay!) Hot baguettes with delicious butter to start - everything was going smoothly until the waiter brought out complimentary beet soup.It was awful - it tasted like mint toothpaste mixed with milk and sugar. And the color - a bright pink. It was hard to eat, so my husband and I took our small sips and politely had the waiter take it away.Whew - I really, really wanted to like this restaurant. Especially after the amazing 1000+ reviews and 4.5 star rating! But the taste just wasn't there.I ordered the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon - the portion was extremely small (only 2 small pieces) and the sauce just didn't do it for me. It was way too sweet and I felt it didn't complement the tender pork. I like my pork savory - and the broth made it taste candied. The potatoes were good, but again, the broth just overpowered everything.My husband ordered the sea bass - again, it was in a dark, brown broth that just tasted too sweet with the bass.We waited 45 minutes for our dessert to come out. No explanation except "I'm sorry the kitchen is swamped". The desserts were good but nothing special - the vanilla creme brulee was ordinary, and the molten chocolate cake was too. Unfortunately we left unimpressed -- the only positive things I can say about the restaurant is that they have GREAT service and the chef is very friendly (he greeted us at our entrance and after we left).Chapeau! - no =(
I wish I could vote six stars for once.Phillipe is a genius, the Basil Napoleon alone is worth coming there, and is his invention. What an amazing sweet with a touch of savory, very light and surprising.My wife and I came to San Francisco for our honeymoon. We could not have made a better choice than Chapeau! for our first dinner out. There was nothing about the place I didn't like. We were warmly welcomed, were seated on time, we bought a half bottle of wine and the waiter would fill our glasses for us (the wine was outrageously good). We were brought a delicious basket of warm bread. We ate Cauliflower soup (tiny cup) and it was fantastic. We then had corn soup with a tiger prawn, and a scallop in what looked like a basil risotto. All most excellent. The Filet Mignon was in my top 5 Filet Mignon I have ever had and the mushroom sauce that it came with was the best. Then we had dessert (already mentioned) and then Phillipe was kind enough to toast us with some champagne for our honeymoon, sat and drank with us, we were soon toasting with some French gentlemen who came out of nowhere sitting at the table next to us. Classic evening.Philippe and this restaurant both could not possibly be more charming, you must try it. Reservations pretty much a must, the place was packed the entire time we were there (it was lively and fun).
FOIE GRAS is going to be banned?! Obviously this will just make everyone want it that much more. Chapeau! was the answer to this imminent problem for me and my friends. We came here recently during the Dine About Town specials ($35 for 3 course meal). I ordered the Rainbow Trout (appetizer...pretty dang big for one), Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (Entree), and the Alaska something as dessert (WHICH WAS DELICIOUS). I enjoyed my meal pretty well (although I thought the trout was a bit of "fish" overload since i think they added sardines on it as well). A lot of my friends ordered the veal, which we all thought was too close to beef stew to enjoy. We also shared the foie gras appetizer amongst ourselves and boy, was it everything I hoped for and more. Perhaps the fact that it will be banned soon added to the succulent flavor of the foie gras....but no really, this was probably one was the best cheapish fancy meal of my life ($35 for the dine about town menu!!) Too bad even Chapeau cannot keep up with the demands of all the customers scurrying to have one last bite of heaven that is foie gras since they limited us to 1 piece (although it was pretty decent sized). Even without the foie gras, I would definitely come back here to enjoy a fancy meal as the servers and chef were all very attentive and warm.
The food is good but I wasn't blown away. The appetizers were great and enjoyable - I tried the oysters, mussels, salmon trio, and escargots. The rack of lamb was mehhh so so - I've definitely had better. The desserts are mediocre but I did enjoy the french toast with hazelnut ice cream... everything else was whatevers.I took away a star because of the service. My dad and another person in our party ordered chicken, but out came the pork tenderloin. Instead of replacing the dish, which was the right thing to do, the waiter says "you eat this and I'll make it up to you..." and walked away. What kind of sh*t is this?! They "made it up" by comp'ing two dessert dishes. But hello, each person already has their own dessert which is included in our prix fixe meal. The lemon tarts were barely touched.Parking is horrible around this neighborhood! I wasted an hour looking for parking. If you live in the city, take a cab!
I do not understand why this place gets such high reviews. Why are so many of the reviews with 1 or 2 stars not included in the overall rating? This place is over rated. Had I seen the buried low ratings, I might not have take a good friend here. A good friend from New York City, another foodie city, was visiting, and I thought this would be a great place to go. I got the salmon trio, the seafood bouillabaisse, and the lemon tart. My friend had the sweet breads, the fish (bass?)/oxtail and french toast for dessert. In short, we thought the food just okay but none of the dishes Wow!'d either one of us. My bouillabaisse was seriously salty and became inedible after a while. The service was friendly but simply put, for the price, there are better French restaurants. The restaurant also has the patrons' tables crammed so close together that you can literally reach over to your neighbor's table and hear their conversations. For two people, the bill without tax and tip came to about $130. We obviously had different dishes and yet we both felt the same about this place.
I've been coming to this restaurant for about ten years now for special occasions and though my visits have become sparse, Philippe and Ellen always remember me. The food is always perfect and when I ask for wine, they know which varietal to bring (and one in my price point.) I love the prime rib and any fish plate, love the salade landaise, and I adore the desserts.
The loveliest evening was spent here last night for my parent's 36th wedding anniversary.We were greeted warmly by the owner & chef at the door. Our table wasn't quite ready since we arrived earlier than our reservation time, and we opted to wait at the bar for a drink.This place was bustling for a Tuesday night.  We decided to go with the prix fix Menu 1 which included appetizer, entree & a dessert.I went with the seared foie gras on brioche for my appetizer, filet mignon with oyster mushrooms as my entree & a floating island for my dessert....I was in heaven from appetizer (never had foie gras before, it was heavenly! sorry little goose!) to my dessert!!!If you're looking for a quick dinner, then don't come here..our dinner lasted for almost 2.5 hours...but it was ok since we were celebrating my parents.Waiters are super attentive and on point. There was one waiter who was super cool and he wasn't even our main waiter but never once acted like he couldn't help us. It was nice to the see the owner bustling around talking to all the patrons, he was very personable.As we were leaving, I almost made it to the door before he practically chased us down to give my mom, my sisters & me a kiss on the cheek!!! That was a nice, unexpected surprise..My Mom totally fell in love with this place and I can see us coming back again and again!
Chapeau! is my all-time favorite resturant... well. except for the last time i went, but let me give you a quick summary of my experience there.Last year, my boyfriend took me there for my Bday... and i will certainly not forget it! I remember we both for the Prix-Fixe 3 course meal, i got the Trio of Salmon, Filet Mignon, and French Toast, while he got the Tiger Prawns, Duck Breast, and Creme Brulee... YUM. everything was so so good. i loved the fresh Salmon, delish. The filet Mignon was cooked to perfection with those huge mushrooms. "drool" the french toast however, i thougth was just ok. Not as great as i was hoping, too sweet i think. My bf on the other hand LOVED LOVED the tiger prawns. a year later, hes still talking abut it. lol. he also liked the duck breast along with the pear sauce. and the creme brulee was GOOD. i made him share. hehehe. overall, it was a great experience! Our server was very nice, and Chef Phillipe swung by a few times to check on us. It's nice that they treat us to a complimentary amuse-bouche. haha. it was definitely amusssssing for my bouche. lol ;]so later on that year, i went for my cousins bday. we had a huge party, i think around 10 people. and they accomdated us. Service was up to par. the food was ALLLLL amazing. i tried the foie gras... omg. i can still taste it in my mouth. GOODNESS GRACIOUS. it was like heavan came down and got seared in a pan, and placed on my plate with slices of apples. hahaha. AHHH. i also got the petit poussin... goodness, chicken needs to be like that. ALL the time. hahaha. i murdered that plate. hahhaah. it was ALL gone. hehe. i didnt want to share at all...finally...i went this weekend for my bday... lol. (yes, i guess its now a tradition) and this experience was the reason for the minus one star. Ok, maybe i am tripping, but was there a different chef? that guy did not look like Chef Phillipe... =.=', weird. lol. maybe he got a hair cut and grew out some facial hair.. but still.. ionooo. hahaha. but yes, so the menu that we oh so loved was well different. lol. i got the escargot, the salmon (even tho i wanted the petit poussin again, it wasnt available) and my bf got the sweetbread (which he really really really really really liked) LOL. he wanted to lick the plate. goodness. and he got the duck breast and duck leg... umm what. ok. so the escargot is very yummy, has plenty of flavors , and i dipped it in bread. the salmon was forgettable.. my bf said he didnt liek the fact that there were only a few peices of breast... and a leg. he wanted it to be all breast! (hahaha) and then they ran outta creme brulee. OMG. so sad. i was actually sad. like verge of tears. lol. hahaha. so i had to get the chocolate cake and by got the profilitures..(sp?) ... eh. they were ok. lol... sad facE. super sad face...so all in all..i will still return.. perhaps earlier so i can get my creme brulee.. and hopefully the Real Chef Phillipe will be there.. or um grow his hair back out. they do have an extensive wine list. and greattt service! i loveee the atmoshpere. lol. i dont have to whisper. haha. actually its really loud in there. but yes. i still love this place!!! =]
Perfect neighborhood gem. Every time we've been here for dinner, the food has been delicious, the service friendly, and the prices reasonable.I always order the sea bass, but the other menu items I've tried have all been equally tasty. The portions are perfect; I always leave feeling full but not stuffed. This is also one of the few restaurants where I actually order desert (I'm more of a savory girl and don't ordinarily go for sweets) -- their French toast desert (served with ice cream) is absolutely to die for. The wine list is also extraordinary.Cozy, warm, and elegant ambiance. The restaurant owner greets everyone at the door, comes by to check on you while you are eating, and enthusiastically shakes your hand (or gives you a hug, if you're a woman!) as you leave.Overall, this restaurant has proven to be a terrifically consistent go-to dinner spot. We'll definitely be coming back.
The Trio of Salmon was amazing! The skate wing was also one of the best I've had and the service was pretty good. Unfortunately, I was not that happy with the duck. The duck flavor to me was a little too sweet, it did not match the duck very well. If it weren't for the duck, I would have given the place a 5 star.
C'est trs bonne! Seating is a little cramped and the space is kind of a hole in the wall, but the food, service and atmosphere are great!
Excellent restaurant - the food and service were worth the price. I came with my girlfriend for her birthday and we ordered the following:Onion Soup - quite good, nothing special.Salmon Trio - get this, it's delicious.Scallop Special - get this, it's delicious. It was a very memorable and favorful dish. If my girlfriend and I agreed this was the clear winner.Cassoulet - Good, I wouldn't rate it great. Assembling a bite with all the ingredients made it better, perhaps this is expected and I'm just low brow.French Toast with ice cream - Oh man, it's a dead heat between this and NOPA's french toast. Very, very good.I had mentioned in the reservation that it was my girlfriend's birthday and they served the dessert with a little candle. I was also touched when the server, our waiter, and even the hostess wished my girlfriend a happy birthday on our way out. That attentiveness will certainly keep me coming back.
What an elegant experience! The service is impeccable and the chef is very friendly! The restaurant is small for an intimate dining experience. I had the mesclun salad and the filet mignon. Both were perfect. We had the cheese plate to finish off our elegant meal. This was also my first palate cleanser experience. Unusual, but fun! I had the lemon sorbet, which ultimately was a little in-between dishes desert, but who can say no to that? A fantastic dining experience!
Chapeau! is such a lovely restaurant. Located in Inner Richmond, parking availibility is awesome and location is convenient being close to Golden Gate Park. This quaint restaurant providing white table cloth dining exudes an elegant, classy, and sophisticated feel. Chef /owner is French as is the staff. I dined here yesterday and was graced with an older French gentleman, Pascal, as our waiter. He was very pleasant, knowledgeable, and warm-spirited, which topped off my experience dining here. Now moving on to the best part: FOOD.I ordered a prix fixed 3-course meal. Appetizer: A classic- French onion soup. It was served piping hot, just as a like it. What I really appreciated about this dish was the abundance of natural flavors of onion and cheesy goodness (not just salt). I've had many french onions that were just plain salty. The cheese was melted perfectly on top and went well with the complimentary warm french bread that was provided for the table. Entree: Monkfish served with butternut squash risotto, lobster sauce. I read that in France monkfish was also called the "poor man's lobster" which captured my interest as it is uncommon for fish to have a lobster-like texture. Biting into the filet I expected a tougher texture, however I was pleasantly surprised with a buttery tender texture, exploding with the flavors of the lobster sauce underneath. The butternut squash risotto was cooked perfectly which I applaud. Dessert: Vanilla bean creme brulee. Light and refreshing and a perfect ending to an almost flawless execution of classic French cuisine and excellent service!
After reading the reviews I had really high expectations. I had onion soup and Bouillabaisse. The onion soup was good but nothing extra ordinary. The Bouillabaisse had too much saffron in it. Saffron has a very strong flavor and when you put too much of it you don't get to taste the fish. The service was ok but nothing special. Overall I was disappointed.
This was an excellent experience. The sweetbreads were delicious and perfectly seasoned, pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, salad, oysters etc were all good.  Waiter made excellent wine suggestions but if you are on a budget and want more than a glass, consider BYO and corkage. The restaurant clearly has a lot of planning going into the timing of dinner service and staff were awesome. The chef greets each table about 5 minutes after they sit down and he is French. Our waiter was French, both were very nice, very polite and the entire restaurant has great service. My boyfriend and I spoke French with both le chef et le server. When we left the chef, insisted on shaking our hands and le bisous avec moi which was so French and so perfect. We went here on a date and it was perfect for that. I highly recommend it.
Service and food is always great at Chapeau! The staff was attentive and friendly. I've been here twice and enjoyed my meals both times. There was always fresh bread and water in front of me. The salads are delicious and the desserts are the best part of the meal. My only critique is both times I've asked to take my leftovers home and both times my food is taken to the back but never brought back out. My leftovers just disappear until I'm halfway home and realize my to-go box never came. Funny story - there was a couple next to us complaining that the dish they really wanted wasn't on the menu. They talked to the chef for a good 10 minutes in front of everyone saying they drove 25 miles for this dish, made reservations 4 days ago, yada yada yada. The chef was more than gracious listening to this lady, and he ended up making her a special dish. We went up to the chef after our meal and told him how patient he was. My tummy gives Chapeau!...5 Stars!
This is my favorite French restaurant in the city. If you only try one thing, it has to be the veal sweetbreads! It comes with king trumpet & oyster mushrooms, carrots, turnips, truffle sauce, and fried leeks. It's one of the best things I've ever had.Aside from the sweetbreads, the entire menu at Chapeau is great. The most popular dishes are always available and they offer new seasonal selections throughout the year. Over the weekend I just tried their foie gras appetizer (in addition to the sweetbreads of course). It was seared foie gras over brioche with apple slices. It was delicious and my only complaint is that I wanted more! As for entrees, the cassoulet, seared duck breast, and rack of lamb are all delicious.Chapeau offers quality food and service. The chef/owner Philippe always takes the time to greet each guest either at the door or at your table. The entire staff makes you feel as if you're a guest in their home.
Hey this is my ONLY 5 star yelp rating. Read on.This is the first 'ritzy' French bistro I have been to in San Francisco, so pardon my novice review and seemingly immature taste bud and lack of food jargon.Instead of booking weeks or even months in advance, my friend was able to book a party for 4 the day before. Because it was a Saturday night, parking was absolute hell and we managed to arrive at the restaurant 20 minutes late. Not a problem, and the head chef Philippe personally sat us down after firm handshakes. He is a very jovial guy interested in his patrons. This was the first flag that this restaurant was not to be underestimated.I started off with a pinot noir, which was very sweet and reasonably priced at $4.50 for a half-glass. The meal I ordered was the 3-course meal for a fixed rate of $38.Food:Appetizer: Salade Landaise:Frise, Duck Confit & Smoked Duck Magret,Fingerling Potato Chips, Classic French Vinaigrette. The salad was OK, vinaigrette added a savory flavor. The chips at the side served as a nice complement to the salad, a softer and easier to chew version of the croutons found in a salad, yet still remaining crunchy. The cherry on top for this appetizer though, was the duck at the top. I love Peking duck, and I expected to chew right through this one but it instantly melted in my mouth causing instant palate gratification and sensory overload. This part alone made this appetizer worth it, eat it slowly. *Entree:Cassoulet de Toulouse: In simpler English terms, the main course appeared to be breaded lamb swimming in a sea of canellini beans. Like the other meat in this restaurant, everything is so soft and my teeth literally cut through the lamb like butter. The beans were mixed in a sauce and made the meal filling. The garlic and toulouse sausage was OK, I've had juicier and softer sausage.Dessert:Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake: Very hot, crispy chocolate cake that started 'bleeding' liquid chocolate once I cut into it. In the middle I found caramelized banana sorta like a hidden gem, props for the aesthetics of the meal. To the side was the creamiest vanilla ice-cream I have ever eaten, which made a cool compliment to the hot fudge. I also sampled my friend's French Toast which she got at the waiter's suggestion, and I must say that they transformed the french toast like an art. The soft, spongy french toast was a full-circle end to the satisfying meal (and if i were to go back again, I would definitely get this instead.... maybe I have a grass is greener on the other side envy).Ambiance was a little crowded, as this is a small restaurant but service was definitely unprecedented, even for an upscale restaurant like this. Upon leaving, Chef Philippe got up again and bid us a good night. 5/5 for food, service, and price.
Truly one of the nicest dining experiences I have ever had! Beautiful room, the owner and his wife make certain you are happy (think how many 1,2, and 3 star reviews would not exist if owners/management greeted every customer and also talked to them before they left. Maybe most don't care). This couple really does care, and it shows:-Prompt, courteous, caring service.-Beautiful presentation of delicious, creatively prepared, healthy entrees.-Nice wine, beer and liquor selection very reasonably priced.-Carefully prepared and beautifully presented desserts.-Both vegan and carnivore friendly.Again, between the food, the owners/staff, and the ambiance, one of my nicest, most memorable dining experiences, ever.  Why can't more dining establishments, or businesses in general, practice this level of mindfulness toward, and respect for, their customers, their lifeblood?
CHECK, PLEASE! BAY AREA, SEASON 2: JACQUES PEPIN SPECIAL (291)February 13, 2010, Saturday, at 5:20 PMCupid must have been smiling on us this Valentine's eve.Not only we scored parking a block away at this parking nightmare neighborhood, we also snagged a table at Chapeau without a dinner reservation before 6pm during this lovers' holiday!VENUE/AMBIANCE: Love was in the air at Chapeau--a teeny-tiny but cozy French Bistro.  The place was warm, festive (read: loud!) and relaxed. The tables were so closely placed together but I did not feel closed in. It was still possible to whisper "sweet nothings" without being listened in by diners next to you. I guess because the place was equally loud! Definitely not for quiet dining but I liked it this way tonight. Diners were getting more relaxed as they were enjoying their bottles of wines. (Some couples ordered 2 bottles each.) yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSSOCIAL SCENE: It was packed to the door and every seat was taken. Romeos of all ages wooing Juliets were at his restaurant tonight.  It was nice to see old men and women dressed very nice for their dates as well as the teenager-looking young man right next to us who was obviously so uncomfortable in his suit but trying to impress his young date. (Young loves can be tragic but cute!)SERVICE: Our waiter spoke French, of course, which BF and I do not speak but he was not pretentious. Quite friendly and helpful with the menu. Despite the tight space, the service was like a choreographed dance. Everything went smoothly during dinner. Attentive but not overbearing and we never felt hurried--just as how French dining should be.DRINK: Kir Royale for me. Nice and bubbly.APPS: Escargot in Garlic Sauce: I ate a lot of snails when I was growing up in the Philippines cooked by my mom in coconut milk and squash. It's my fave! Snails are not exotic for me but they are for my BF and most Americans, I think. We enjoyed our escargot and used our bread to clean out every last drop of the garlic sauce! yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSPALATE CLEANSER: 2 orders of Apple Sorbet with Calvados: Very fresh-tasting sorbet with a generous splash of apple liquor. Not only it cleaned our palate but it cleared our head. That stuff was nice and strong!! yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSAMUSE BOUCHE: 2 little cups of Cauliflower Soup compliments of the chef. So nice and creamy but I could only have a sip since it's pure cream.  yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSFILET MIGNON: (Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Sauce  la Prigourdine.) BF really enjoyed this perfectly cooked medium-rare steak with potatoes. He said he wished it was bigger! yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSPETIT POUSSIN: (Lavender Honey & Dijon Glazed Petit PoussinYukon Gold Mashed Potato, White Mushrooms, Bacon & Pearl Onions, Jus de Poulet) The lavender sold me to this dish. My gosh! I'm not a poultry person but this game hen dish was so juicy and had nice deep poultry flavors. The sauce was slightly sweet with a hint of lavender. Very nice! yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSCHOCOLATE CAKE: (Warm Chocolate CakeBanana Flambe, Rum-Raisin Ice Cream, Caramel Sauce) Perfect way to end a delighful dinner. Warm, rich, sweet and smooth! yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vS yelp.com/biz_photos/L5vSTHE CHAPEAU LOVE METER: 4.5 StarsThe evening was perfect and we couldn't find anything to complain about. Even the baguette was perfectly baked that we ate 3 baskets all throughout dinner! The chef came out to shake our hands and wish us pleasureable dining. A sweet gesture! (4 Stars for the food and .5 Star for the unpretentious service and reasonable prices.)TAB: $111 including 20% tip and a Diet Coke. (We ordered everything a la carte but our server rearranged our orders into a prix fixe which saved us few dollars which was very considerate.) I thought dinner would have been more but it was very reasonable for the quality and the portions. Chapeau! means "WOW!" in French. And it was definitely "CHAPEAU!"
OUTSTANDING - have been wanting to try this place for a while, sorry that I took so long - sat at the bar with my dinner date and we were both WOWed by the service, the food, the wine, the atmosphere - all simply worked. First we were pleasently met at the door by the owner who shook both our hands and welcomed us (we weren't really sure at first) which he did for everyone - then we found ourselves at the bar (open seats) and proceeded to peruse the menu ordering half dozen oysters immediately...they were perfectly shucked, cleaned and were delicious!!! Then we followed that up with sweatbreads and escargot - the former were perfectly cooked and dressed in a succulent sauce and the latter were just butter/garlic heaven - oh yeah, baquette was fresh and warm to dip into the sauce (warm bread is always a good sign that the restaurant cares enough about the little things) - then we moved on to moules frites (our collective favorite) and a cheese plate - both were just perfect. Highly recommend chapeau!!
Our family were fans of Clementine. We visited the restaurant nearly every time we were in the city and it got better and better with each visit. Until it changed hands, or merged, or whatever it did when it took on the new name-- Chapeau! We first visited "Chapeau" shortly after it changed hands. And we noticed just a hint of decline -- the sauces a little too salty --the stupid straw hat when we got our bill -- nothing major, still a great place. But we visited this Thursday evening and I left our favorite little Bistro almost in tears. I knew something was off the minute we sat down. It was cold in the restaurant and the woman who seated us was dressed in a winter coat and barefoot wearing slides (these are basically flip flops with heels). Where was the chef? Where were the French waiters? Where was the pride and professionalism? There were no fresh flowers at the bar or anywhere, (save some pathetic nearly dead daisies stuffed into a little 3 inch can you'd get from the Dollar Store on the tables) and nothing on the walls. Then the appetizers arrived. My salmon trio was pounded with a meat mallet and not in a good way. The Roe served with it smelled and tasted fishy, as in not fresh.My Husband's sweetbreads were chewy and gross (his words). Entrees were equally disappointing. My Husband and I both ordered the lamb. I've heard others say this is the best thing on the menu. Oh my. Maybe Thursday night is the real chef's night off-- but our lamb, while generous (too much so) in portion was dry and dare I say, PREsliced. As in maybe made far ahead of time, sliced, and then warmed before serving -- completely devoid now of both juices and flavor. I would have preferred half a portion of Clementine's lamb to the double portion of Chapeau's. (NOTE TO OWNER: you cannot make up for quality by increasing portions)But the worst part, the part where I knew the affair was over, the potato gratin. Formerly this was a square of carefully prepared wonderfulness - thinly sliced potatoes with just the right balance of Gruyere and cream -- oh the memories. What we got was a sloppy ramekin of diced potatoes with cheddar melted on top -- a greasy pile of yuk that one might be served at Applebees. I was frankly too upset to enjoy dessert. But the "Fixe" was in, so what could we do?Again, I got the feeling food was imported from somewhere else, passed off as something they created. The apple tart was barely warm and the bottom crust soggy. (A sure sign of thawing).  The Profiteroles also tasted thawed and I think were doused with Hershey's syrup. If it wasnt, it tasted like it. So sad.I am accustomed to this type of "pretender" restaurant in my hometown. Which is why I look forward to a trip to the city for something better.  This will sound snobby, but as you can see by the many five stars Chapeau continues to receive, 95% of diners either cannot tell the difference, or don't really care (I don't know which is worse).So they sold out. I get it. Why do the work if practically no one notices? But It really hurt to see one that strove to be the very best, sink to the level of mediocre pretender.  Chapeau has no !. I predict a slow and steady decline until it becomes obvious to all this is no longer fine dining.
It was AMAZING! Every single thing we ordered smelled, looked and tasted incredible. Our waiter(was ridiculously awesome and he was F pascal. My boyfriend had the pork tenderloin and I had the filet mignon with the side of bone marrow. We ordered practically every APP but our favorites were the oysters and the tiger prawns! Also we were celebrating my birthday and our 1st anniversary together and when we told our waiter he added a little candle on our dessert! Sooo good!!!
Delicious. Delicous. Delicious. Had the filet mignon with oyster mushrooms, and it was cooked perfeclty. Something about the texture of the filet mignon and the interesting mushrooms combined was truly delightful. My boyfriend had the cassoulet toulouse, which was very flavorful --not too bland, not too salty. We had some good quality kir to accompany our meal, which wasn't too expensive at $7 a pop. For French cuisine, Chapeau offers a good deal. There prix fix meals include appetizer, entree and dessert for $40 and under. Usually, you would be paying $36-$40 per person just for an entree alone at other French restaurants.For dessert, I had the french toast with soft caramel and hazelnut ice-cream. It was a supremely indulgent move that was worth every bite. I loved it! My boyfriend had the chocolate cake, and we now totally understand why it is a hit on yelp! Chef Phillippe was a genius to add the bit of banana in the cake. Warning: It gets very crowded on weekends so come early or make reservations! The restaurant is in fact quite small, so you will definitely be sitting close to your neighbor on a busy night. That being said, you will also receive good service, meet the chef briefly, and receive a delicious meal. I highly recommend!
It's good but definitely not a one star Michelin.Or maybe because I'm comparing it with French restaurant in Montreal, and in this case it is pretty average. It's not that cheap either!
Extraordinary food! We came all the way from southern Cali and was thoroughly satisfied with EVERYTHING that was served. This place made our trip very memorable.
I haven't written a review in a while, but this place was so good I had to write a review! I came here last night with Katherine C. and Julia S. and had a wonderful time! We weren't able to get reservations so we decided to take a chance and try to walk in. As we approached the door, the host opened it for us and invited us in. Although we didn't have reservations, we were able to be seated at the table by the window after a minute.The place was very cozy and comfortable. The staff was friendly and attentive and the chef even came out to greet the tables and see how we were enjoying our meal! We started off with a complimentary cup of soup that was delicious and creamy and freshly baked bread and butter. We ended up ordering different things and sharing it with one another. I got the Pre Fixe Menu 1 with the Trio of Salmon, Pork Tenderloin, and the Creme Brulee. Julia got the Pre Fixe Menu 2 with the Corn Soup with Crab Cakes, Seared Scallop with Pesto Risotto, the Baby Chicken Entree, and the Sorbet Trio. Kat got the Veal Sweet Breads and the Rack of Lamb. Honestly, everything we ordered was really good. Some of my favorites were: The Trio of Salmon, Scallop Risotto, the Veal Sweetbreads, the Creme Brulee. All three entrees were delicious and we ended up taking home left overs because we were so stuffed! I would definitely come back here! Overall, we each paid about $60 and although pricey, I think you get a good amount of food that's great in quality and taste for the amount of money that you pay.
came here for a birthday dinner, really good, super nice staff, can't go wrong here. Tables are a bit close so not too much privacy, but still a great place to go.
I've been meaning to write this review for a while, trying to find the right words to do this place justice. Since that won't be happening, please just check out this restaurant yourself. You will not be disappointed.
What an absolute joy ! After reading the "Top 100 Bay Area restaurants" sfgate.com/food/top100/2 I have been nagging the mister about how I have eaten at only a couple so the mister did his homework this Labor day weekend and made reservations online for Sunday evening. We were a tad disappointed with the fact that there were no escargots which was definitely something both of us were looking forward to but then the exec chef apologized profusely and went on to explain (in his French accent, which definitely helped) of how he hasnt had the best luck in sourcing it.We decided on getting the Pre fix menu. The mister got the Menu 1 ( which contains one appetizer, entree and dessert) . I got the Menu 2 ( which has one appetizer, a tasting fish , entree and dessert) alongwith the Colonel (which is a palette cleanser. Mister's Menu1Appetizer - Trio of SalmonHe said that this was his least favorite of all the things he had ordered because the salmon did not taste freshEntree- Rack of Lamb It was delish. It was done just right and accompanied by a gorgeous sauce and a potato au gratinDessert - Fruit plate in a coconut flakes cupThe mister said this was the best thing ever. It had a creamy custardy base topped with seasonal fruits in a toasted coconut flakes cup . I was too busy eating my dessert that I never tried his dessert but judging by the sheer delight on his face :) I could tell it was goodMy Menu2Appetizer -Veal SweetbreadsPLEASE order this. The first bite into the sweetbread and you know you are eating high quality stuff and the sauce was to die for.Tasting fish The tasting fish was fixed and it was a scallop surrounded by a bed of pesto risotto. Need I say more. The risotto was cooked to perfection and the scallop was just right , not chewy but felt just right .Palette Cleanser- ColonelThis was a lime sorbet with vodka. It was sharp, cold and set me up for my entree Entree- Filet Mignon (medium) with Bone marrowI am not a bone marrow fan but the mister is and we ordered the bone marrow (You pay an additional 6$ if you order the bone marrow) . Once again the meat was cooked to order and it came with a great sauce but what struck me most were the cubed potatoes. These were baked and fried I think but they were so delish.The bone marrow however I think is a waste of money. Our bone did not have enough marrow in it Dessert - ProfiterolesI have a soft corner for Profiteroles ( That's an understatement !) . I love it when I bite into the puff and then I am hit with the cold cream and the chocolate sauce . Never go wrong with it. This was another winner.The bill for two was around 175$ which includes additional amounts for a few glasses of wine as well.Loved the ambiance and the price point for the quality of food you get here is great. The executive chef was there to say us goodbye on our way out .Will we come back here ? - I think we will .PS: I loved the small flower holders on the tables. I just casually enquired about them to the head chef who sent someone to address my query. I thought that was really sweet .
I loved the experience! Perfectly combined sophisticated flavours of the food made me say "wow" - seabass and oxtail combination was perfect. Highly recommend Chef's prix fixe menu. The service was excellent with very good suggestions, now this is my favourite restaurant :)
The food was really great. I got the warm Brie appetizer and my mom got the mesclun salad. Then for mains, I got the cassoulet and she got the skate. The cassoulet was bubbling hot when it got to me, which you don't seem to get anymore at restaurants, and the skate was tasty but maybe a tad salty. We then shared the profiteroles, which were done very well and the lemon tart, which wasn't bad. Unfortunately though, a woman who identified herself as a co-owner acted as our waitress, and she was terribly slow and I unattentive. The French executive chef who I'd met in the past is much warmer than she, who did not seem to want to give us the time of day.
First time here.. i have heard so many good things about Chapeau! so i made reservations to have our 2y anniversary dinner thinking we would have our meal at a nice French style fancy restaurant. When we walked in, the place is small and tight. The decor was very plain and basic and the patrons were a good mix of people. I saw a bachelorette party, a birthday party, a family with two small children and a few old couples having a nice meal but it was packed from front to back. Felt like a nice place for comfort food BUT...I would have liked it more if it was fancier? For the amount we paid for the meal, i thought the decor was blah...not very romantic..However, food was good, wait staff was typical french (please take that bottled water off the table or pour it into a glass). I'll come back but for something more casual
Wow! = translation of Chapeau! My "friend" :P took me here for the last Valentine's day and I was pleasantly surprised having never been here before. The only con of the night was that the place was packed so we were sitting extremely close to the couple next to us, felt like a double date. Other than that, the restaurant has a modest French bistro atmosphere with its dim lighting and tasteful decor.Our Dinner:- Duck pate on a crostini : Wonderful and mild pate flavor. It was one crostini so naturally I wanted more!- Foie Gras: The portion was generous. It was served on brioche with slices of apples. I prefer mine with a some sort of fruit reduction so their version lacked sauce for me; however, the foie gras was rich and delicious as always. -Skate Wing: I chose to stray from my norm and ordered fish ....WOW! BEST FISH I've ever had hands down. It's served in a brown butter sauce but there was a slight lemon taste that complemented the fish perfectly. The flaky, tender fish sat on a bed little bread croutons and potatoes. My favorite green salad, mache , also accompanied it. Ive never had mache warm before but it worked with the dish/sauce. Decent portion too, not the usual tiny French portions!-Cassoulet de Toulouse: My boyfriend also chose to be different and chose this over the Filet Mignon (you can also add bone marrow and foie gras!!) and boy was he disappointed. The Filet Mignon dish accompanied by the bone marrow looked overwhelmingly delicious and huge! Ok, back to his dish. It tasted and appeared more German than French to me. It was basically a fried duck leg and sausage in a bean stew more or less. The mashed beans had shredded lamb in it. Each component of the dish was extremely flavorful; when eaten together, the dish was a bit salty. Interesting dish , just not to our taste.-Duck fat fries: Fries are my weakness especially thing crispy ones! These were fried to perfection and accompanied by an Entrecote and Chipotle aioli I believe (guessing). It came in a cone and there was definitely not enough in mine, it was very hard to share haha!- Rum cake Meringue : I let my boyfriend choose (trying to be nice) , I would have personally chose the French toast. It was meringue atop coffee ice cream atop rum cake in a chocolate sauce. The best part was the ice cream inside. Other than that, the rum cake had more rum than cake and it was very hard to put my fork into. Thank you Chapeau! for a wonderful dinner! I can't wait to come back and try other dishes but I will definitely get that Skate Wing again :)P.S loved how they wrap our to go box into a foil purse with a sturdy handle!
Chapeau more than exceeded my expectations. A friend and I decided to try Chapeau, simply because we had been yearning for foie gras and wanted to try it before it's banned (7/1/12 people!). Chapeau has been opened for 15 years (formerly known as Clementine on 15th and Clement) and has been at this location since 2008.I have to say that Chapeau ABSOLUTELY sets the gold standard for customer service. Our waiter, chef, hostess, were all impeccably gracious, full of personality and are sincerely glad to serve you.Must-order on the Menu:Foie Gras appetizer a la carte: perfectly seared fois gras with sliced apples, micro greens and a sweet glaze. This was my first time trying foie gras (I know), and I'll definitely be looking out-of-state in the near future and smuggling some back in.Trio of Salmon - similar to salmon tartare, only presented on a flawless dish (sprinkled with roe), and wrapped in smoked lox.Bottle of 2007 Beaujolais - a subtle red that pairs deliciously with all the dishes we had.Chef Phillipe came out of the kitchen every 15 minutes to socialize with the patrons and make sure everything was running smoothly. This is the first time I've felt genuinely welcomed at an eatery by the chef/owner himself. Great customer service made the experience 10 times better than what it could have been otherwise.
Chapeau! you blew my mind away! With a kiss from the chef who personally escorted us to the table I knew I was in for a good night. This place has been on my list of to try places for ages and I was super happy that I was able to snag a reservation even during Valentines Day weekend. As I expected, the place was already bustling and crowded when we arrived for our 7:15 PM reservations. Walking to our table I instantly fell in love with the ambiance. Apparently it was newly remodeled and I loved the vibe they were going for - intimate and romantic. I sat on the booth side and they had little pillows you can use to put behind your back for extra comfort. Nice little touch that I appreciated. And of course as expected tables were pretty close together but nothing out of the norm for a SF restaurant.If you go here, you have to go for their prefix menu of $38 - most bang for your buck. With this deal you get your choice of appetizer, entree and dessert.AMUSE-BOUCHE (compliments of the chef): Cauliflower soup. Not sure how the chef managed to get cauliflower to taste delicious but he did it. Rich and creamy it left me wondering what was to come.APPETIZER: Seared scallop on a bed of basil pesto risotto with a lobster sauce reduction. This dish was so good that I literally sat there with my eyes closed savoring every last bite of the dish. It was their special so I knew I had to get it. An extra $3 but well worth it.ENTREE: Bacon wrap pork tenderloin. Enough said. Anything that consists of bacon wrap anything is always good.DESSERT: Chocolate cake. Perfect ending to a perfect night. Loved the warm chocolate cake that had more chocolate oozing out of the middle once you break the middle.Food here really is just amazing. I still can't believe how affordable this place was considering we each got three plates. I'm already recruiting friends to come with me and catch their early bird prefix menu which is even cheaper.Random fact: Chapeau in french means hat. Chapeau! with an exclamation mark means WOW! Literally what I left saying when I was finished with my Chapeau! experience.
I've come here 3 times now, and most recently had the best dinner I've had in a very long time!  We ordered oysters (superb!), the corn soup (just the right amount of truffle oil, very light and delicious), escargot (not my flavor, but my SO loves them here), and I got a rare filet mignon for my entree that was cooked to perfection. Oh, and their creme brulee is fantastic!
I was searching yelp for a great place to celebrate a special occasion and based on all the great reviews, I decided to give Chapeau a try.Upon arrival we were greeted with a handshake by the head Chef which was very nice.This French restaurant is small and very cozy. Has a European feel to it.Our waiter was very personable and had some great suggestions for us.The dishes were well prepared and delicious. I really enjoyed the Mussels Soup and the Stripped Bass. The prices were pretty fair for such a restaurant.At the end of the night, when we asked for the bill, they brought it to us in a hat! That's something you don't see everyday, not that there is anything wrong with that.The head Chef was very friendly and thanked us by the door as we left the restaurant.I had a great experience here and I would recommend this place to my friends.
We had an 8:30pm reservation with a group of 6 for an annual girls night out dinner. This was the first time I had tried an authentic French restaurant so I had my doubts, but Chapeau most definitely lived up to expectations.They have some Prix Fixed Menus, which we ordered that comes with an appetizer, entre & desert for $38. I can't be specific with what I had (because I do not remember the French names of the dishes), but for appetizers we had some sort of crab that was amazing, I had the chicken that was amazing & for deserts we had the Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue and the French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream... and guess what, it was AMAZING! If I had to find something negative to say, it would be that they are in the process of a remodel, but it did NOT effect the service at all. Not only was the food amazing, but the service was also A+! The chef comes out and personally meets everyone & the waiters and staff are wonderful. The food is a bit pricey, but worth every penny!
I'm a little disappointed i finally tried this place. Little casual.Appetizers were excellent. Entrees were just okay. Don't get me wrong, it was good...but no what you expect from the all the hype.Trio of salmon was excellent. Oxtail and pork were good, but overshadowed by the sauce it was served with. Bonus points for the chef taking his time to greet the tables. I was going to give it 4 stars, except that as I was leaving, a server was leaning on the host stand checking out his FB with his back turned. Glad I tried it out, but will ONLY come back for appetizers at the bar
Probably the best dining experience I've had in SF. The service was impeccable. The atmosphere warm and intimate. The wine was brilliantly prepared and every dish was absolutely fantastic. We had the fillet mignon and cassoulet and savored every bite.
Service was astoundingly slow and painful. Forever to get the table, menu, food... but oh so quick with the check. Food lacked flavor. I can't understand why this restaurant has high ratings...
If Chapeau! means wow, then double Chapeau! indeed. I was completely blown away from the excellent service and delicious food this restaurant provided. I tried to reserve a table on open table but the place was fully booked for the night, so my group took a chance to call the restaurant to see if they could squeeze us in at our desired time, and just like that, we were booked with no problems. Upon arrival we were greeted by the restaurant owner who welcomed us in with a firm handshake and seated us at our table, our jackets were taken to be hung and water and bread were brought out to start us off. I started my night with the very creamy chestnut soup that was nicely drizzled in truffle oil, duck fat and garlic. Wow, what a way to start off my night, I was already in heaven. For the entree, bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, is there a better way to tenderize pork than to wrap it in bacon, one word delicious. Chapeau! did not stop there as they made me a satisfied customer when they completed the trifecta with their dessert, the "Nuage De Noix" made with roasted pistachios, almonds & hazlenuts in a frozen chantilly & Italian meringue, orange soup was simply refreshing. I will definitely be back again to explore more food from this restaurant.
My wife and I came here for dinner on a Friday night. The food was good. Our waiter was professional but service was a little slow. The place was very crowded. The separation between the table to our left was no more than 8 inches, and the one to our right 12 inches. It was like eating in coach on a crowded flight. If I am to spend $100 a person on dinner, I would like to have a little comfort to enjoy the meal and carry on a conversation.
This place came with a ton of hype from a good friend of mine. Hyped for well over a year before I finally tried it out. Naturally I figured I would be let down but wow was I wrong. Service, from the time you step in the door and greeted with a warm handshake, through dinner and until you leave was impeccable. Prices for what you get were incredibly reasonable. We had the 4 course tasting menu which is definitely recommended if you come here. The oysters were good (but in reality most of these types of places will usually have good oysters). Highly recommended was the cream of corn soup (I think that's what it was that we ordered..don't seem to see it on the online menu) also highly recommended is teh Filet Mignon.
If I ever ended up on Death Row I would want my "last meal" to be from Chapeau! Went over the weekend for our 8-year anniversary dinner and it was just divine! The owner/chef greeted us warmly at the door (and also as we left) and was extremely hospitable to EVERY customer in the restaurant. Amazing service and hospitality! Not to mention a pretty good value for gourmet French food ($38/pp for a 3 course pre-fixed meal) The owner ensured that everyone enjoyed their dining experience and the food.We ordered:Appetizer:- Lobster Bisque (delicious)- Seared Fois Gras with pears on the side (amazingly flavorful combo, beautiful presentation)Entre:- Swordfish, which was one of the specials (pretty good, but a bit fishy for my taste. The bf did like it tho)- Filet Minon (very good. I would love to try the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin on my next visit, as it has gotten very good reviews)Dessert:- French toast (OMG! Heaven on a spoon! Let's just say it's not the type you get at IHOP) it was French toast on top of coffee sauce, with hazelnut icecream to top- Chocolate molten cake (perfection! I am a chocolate lover and it did not fail to fulfill my cocoa craving) it was a fresh and warm chocolate cake with a sweet plantain banana and hot chocolate sauce in the middleI would HIGHLY recommend this place for its hospitatlity, value, and ambiance. Very romantic, delicious food and reasonably priced (you get what you pay for... gourmet). Only "con" would be the parking (which is expected of Clement street, so arrive early) But everytime we eat on Clement, we are always lucky and find parking within 10minutes of arrival. Go figure hehe.J'taime Chapeau!!!!
One of my favorite restaurants! The service is outstanding and IMHO, better than Gary Danko's (or at least more memorable). The waiters are super friendly and take the time to converse and joke with you. And if you happen to leave your seat to use the restroom, you'll come back to a nicely folded napkin on the table again. My water glass never fell below the half way mark and we were asked after each course if we liked the dish. Also the chef personally comes out going from table to table, shaking every patron's hand and welcoming them to the restaurant.  As for the food...absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection! Seared foie gras is a must try. It's $18 a la carte or an extra $6 to the pre-fixed menu. Totally worth it. So we ordered that, trio of salmon, skate wing, duck confit, chocolate cake and french toast. Chocolate lava cake came with rum raisin ice cream and french toast came with hazelnut ice cream. Every dish was amazing and my taste buds and tummy were satisfied beyond belief.I can't wait to go back!
After spending a nice weekend afternoon with a jog at Baker beach, i was very hungry and wanted to experience something fancy and new for an early dinner. Dining area was packed and I chose to sit by the bar( i had no reservation) and i opted for their three course vegetarian meal option.All items were delicious and well served.Service: Fantastic; Chief Chef introduced himself to me and answered all my questions with patience and suggested desserts :)Food: All items were amazing and well served in a timely manner.Appetizer: blue cheese tart and some potato (forgot the name )Entree: Artichoke/Chickpea buttered Cassoulet served over a baked squashDessert: French Toast was awesomeHighly Recommended. Best place to impress that girl from your work or class :)
I came here last week for Dine about Town. My 2 girlfriends and I got the $34.95 3 course meal, which was very reasonable for the quality and amount of food. I won't go into detail about my experience because of the number of reviews for Chapeau, but I will highlight my favorite dishes of the night: -chestnut soup (delicious combination of sweet and savory, slightly creamy, and highly addicting)-mesclun salad (the dijon mustard-based dressing had really good flavor-- one of the best salads I've had in a while, although the fried camembert (cheese) and walnut bread weren't as exciting as I had anticipated)-bacon wrapped pork (meat was tender and the slightly sweet sauce complemented the pork very well; however, the bacon was nearly non-existent)-french toast with hazelnut gelato (not too sweet, gelato was amazing)Cozy atmosphere and attentive service made Chapeau a wonderful choice for Dine about Town or any night that you're in the mood for a good French meal.
This place is Amazing, My date and I had the prix fixe and every single thing was delicious. I have to say this is one of my favorite and one of the best French restaurants in San Francisco. I started my dinner off with the foie gras, all I can say about is it was heavenly, Then I had the Scallops with risotto in lobster sauce, It was the best scallops risotto I've had. For dessert, i had the apple tart with hazelnut ice cream on the side and that was amazing as well. ( I am not a big fan of desserts but that was good) As for my, date, she started with the Smoked Trout, she liked it, she said it was good but a bit too salty. For the main course, she had the Bouillabaisse, a delicious mixed seafood/ fish soup. She had the french toast for dessert and it was good. I had some and it was bit too sweet for me..Everything is amazing @ Chapeau!
We went on a Thursday night, and it was packed. Like all the reviews mentioned, the tables are very close together. I think they are almost too close together. The service was great, but it was so noisy , sometimes, I can't really hear the waiter's recommendation. The food was awesome! For appetizer, I ordered the foie gras, and it was the most delicious I have had. I enjoyed every bit of it. Brandon ordered the Trio of Salmon, but I thought it was a bit fishy.For entre, the Cassoulet was very yummy; the lamb was very tender, and the sauce is just perfect. My date ordered the rabbit leg. It is done just right. My dessert was light (Basil Napoleon). Just the right amount for me. I like it that we don't over-stuff ourselves. Brandon ordered the cheese plate, which he thoroughly enjoyed. All in all, it was very nice experience. The chef opened the door for us when we got out. The only thing I had to say is that the ambience was not romantic, as compared to other french places like Flore de Lys, or Garry Danko.
Pretty good but not great. Salmon app was loaded with onion, so much so that I couldn't get the taste of it out of my mouth for the rest of the night. Wish there was more than one option for the tasting fish. (Half the fun of dining out is sharing and trying other dishes.) Good mussels, cassoulet, and peppercorn chicken, and the amuse bouche was delicious and a pleasant surprise. The mister had the french toast for dessert, was unique and very good; I had the tart du jour (apple) with caramel ice cream. Perfect!Service was a little erratic- bartender botched a simple drink order, and pacing between courses was uneven. Floor of the ladies' room was covered with paper towels because the trash bin was overflowing. (If you charge 30 bucks for a piece of chicken, someone should really empty the trash now and then!)I would go back. Despite the glitches, there is a lot to to be happy about...
I'm completely dumbfounded by the high ratings this place is getting. This was a rather mediocre experience, dull presentation and variable service - at fairly high, unjustifiably so, prices. The "gravlax" of the salmon appetizer was a very salty, chewy, lightly cured slice of fish, and by no means actual gravlax. I would have expected this from a more commonplace and less expensive restaurant, here it was a bit of a shock. The duck breast was not only undercooked, but the skin-and-fat layer was practically raw and very unpleasant, and it was served with a tasteless polenta. Sadly no waiter was to be seen during this course.The scallop was perfect. AS TO BE EXPECTED of a place with this reputation and price tag.The cheese and dessert were OK.The couple on the neighbour table were showing each other YouTube videos, sound on, on their smartphones; completely destroying any ambiance.
Before having my first experience w/ French Cuisine 2 years ago at Chapeau, I would have avoided French restaurants b/c I was under the impression the food was too rich, stuffy ambiance, and overly expensive. However, Chapeau demystifies all these myths. 2 years later, I find myself back at Chapeau, this time at their new location; at the old Clementine.Came here last Thursday w/ reservations and it was PACKED! It seemed like a Saturday night. Although we were late for our reservations, we were promptly seated. As we walked to our table, we were warmly greeted by the Executive Chef/Owner. Nice way to begin a good meal!FOOD:*Amuse Bouche of Cauliflower Soup: This was a perfect start to our meal esp when it was very cold out that night. The soup was creamy and smooth. Cauliflower can be very bland, but the soup was well seasoned to bring out the natural flavor of the cauliflower. *Trio of Salmon: Gravlax, Tartar & Caviar, Fried Capers & Crme Frache/Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing: MmMm! Essentially, it was fresh salmon tartar wrapped in smoked salmon and surrounded by salmon roe. The combination of flavors was amazing--Salmon roe: saltiness and zing, gravlax: smokiness, crme fraiche: creaminess, and tempura bits: crunch. Talk about flavor and texture explosions in your mouth. *Bacon wrapped Veal Lion with Truffled Soft Polenta and Spinach: The veal was perfectly cooked to a medium rare. Although we didn't see much bacon (perhaps it fell off), it did it's job by seasoning the veal just enough to bring out it's meaty flavor. The veal was very tender; the texture was pretty similar to what I would expect from a filet mignon but softer. I normally cringe when I hear of polenta, but my GAWD...the truffled polenta was TO DIE FOR. It was creamy, smooth, and rich. My how truffles can do wonders for a dish.*French Toast w/ Caramel Sauce and Hazelnut Vanilla Ice Cream: I'm normally not a dessert person, but I always like to order desserts when going out to a nice restaurant to see how well-rounded the place is. And, in this case the dessert is the reason why I didn't give Chapeau 5 Stars. It was toasted white bread (didn't taste the egg mixture) soaking in caramel sauce and topped w/ hazelnut vanilla ice cream. I was disappointed... the bread quickly got soggy from sitting in the caramel sauce and the ice cream. The caramel sauce was not what I expected it to be; it was very watery and milky. And, the ice cream had a very faint hazelnut taste. SERVICE: Impeccable. Our waiter who was the same waiter I has 2 years ago was very friendly and attentive without being overbearing. He recommended a great California Pinot to go with our meal which was perfect. It wasn't too dry or too strong which complemented the meat well. Although we stayed there for over 3 hours and they were closing, they never rushed us.AMBIANCE/DCOR: I actually prefer Chapeau's new location on Clement and 2nd. Upon entering in, there is a new bar area. And, the dining room is larger and the tables aren't so close together; MORE elbow room! It's very simple with hardwood floors, tan tables and chairs and crisp white table clothes. Because the place is always packed, it may be a little difficult to easily hold a conversation.CROWD: Older crowd with a handful of people in their 20s on dates. PRICES: I think Chapeau's prices are quite fair for French food. Both times, I did the menu 1 for $38 (which hasn't changed) and includes the app, entre, and dessert. If you opt for the foie gras, it's an additional $6, the veal or filet, an additional $6. I plan to come back very, very soon for the Prime Rib for 2 served carved table side with Bone Marrow!!! *DROOL*
Absolutely my favorite french restaurant in SF. I have been here probably 10 or more times since it was at the smaller location down the street. It has been a lot easier to get a table and overall just a nicer dining experience since they moved. For those that haven't been to the original location, it was about 5 tables crammed next to each other and you can hear the conversation at every other table.The food here was also better before the foie gras ban. The Salade Landaise would come with a big chunk of perfectly seared piece on top. The foie gras they used to use was top notch also, it was either better quality or more expertly prepared than other restaurants.The free bread here is amazing, as good if not better than any artisan bread you will find in the city. The butter is also good. It is very hard for me to not fill up on bread, but I've come to limit myself to 2 or 3 pieces. If I find myself asking for a extra basket of bread before the appetizer comes out, I've learned to cut myself off at that point.As far as appetizers and entrees go, I actually can't go too much into depth on everything on the menu because I've always pretty much gotten the same exact thing: salade landaise (duck salad) and fillet mignon medium rare with bone marrow (the bone marrow is a recent addition to their menu). The salad comes with delicious shredded duck confit with slices of smoked duck on top of what can only be described as a brambly greens with a beautiful light vinaigrette. The filet has the most amazing king trumpet and oyster mushrooms and potatoes covered in a delicious wine and butter sauce. The bone marrow is nothing to write home about as there isn't usually a substantial amount of the marrow matter to spread on bread but if you scoop the hot oil out of the marrow onto the plate, it adds an additional dimension to the sauce. A perfect bite of filet with the sauce followed by a bite of the potato mixed with the mushrooms is divine. After the entree is finished, I am not above soaking up the left over sauce/marrow leftover with that excellent bread until my plate is cleaned.I've tried most of the items on the desert menu but always go back to the chocolate cake with rum raise ice cream. A little too sweet sometimes but satisfying nonetheless. I would avoid that basil soup however, it doesn't taste that special and left me wishing for molten chocolate goodness. The prices here are also very reasonable. If you end up getting the filet, it is $6 dollars in addition to the 3 course menu price of about $40 and the salad is 2 or 3 dollars in addition as well. The marrow will run you another 5. So if you add a couple of glasses of wine to your tab, you can usually get out of the place for about 150 bucks for a party of two, which is amazing considering the qualify of food you are getting. I highly recommend this place for anything from a romantic night out to a casual dinner with friends (the ambiance is good for both, but on the louder side). Chef Phillipe will usually walk around the tables sharing glasses of wine with the customers and if you bring a pretty girl, he will most likely kiss her as you guys are leaving. Hey, for food this good, he can cop a quick feel too for all i care ;-)
Incredible neighborhood French restaurant hidden away in the Richmond district.Oysters on a Half Shell = Very fresh and delicious.Foie Gras Appetizer = The foie gras here seems a little too overcooked, but I mean, it's foie gras, so you can't really go wrong. Definitely not my favorite foie gras though.Filet Mignon w/ Seared Foie Gras & Roasted Bone Marrow = I loved this piece of steak. Very good texture and flavor, especially when eaten with the foie gras and the bone marrow.Warm Chocolate Cake = Delicious.Rum Cake w/ Coffee Ice Cream = A little too sweet, but definitely good.What makes Chapeau! so amazing is that not only is the food incredible, but the prices are ridiculously low for what you get. I would say Chapeau! is probably the best deal in SF for a nice, quiet night out to celebrate something special.
I really liked this warmly decorated small French restaurant. We were waiting by the door when the head chef himself seated us, greeted cheerfully and provided us our napkins. Both my husband and I were in kind of shock since we never get this level of warmth and welcome from any head chef of a well-known restaurant. Definitely a first.The place was intimate, the food, especially the lobster risotto was ah-mazing. I was stuffed like there's no tomorrow! The chef took the time to thank each table as they were exiting. As I was saying my good bye, I told him that I really tasted the warmth, love and care with which they prepared their food and he was genuinely humbled. The only thing that I didn't like: their bread was not good at all. Looked store bought. Also our waiter, a middle-aged chinese gentleman, who seemed a little too pushy and overenthusiastic about things we weren't really interested in.
So delicious!!! It was so fun to eat here and everything tasted so good. I love their 3 and 4 course menu choices priced at $38 and $46. Their FRENCH TOASTdessert with Hazelnut ice cream is so dreamy like clouds in your mouth. Taste and texture is superb.Highlights was the Foie Gras and Desserts. One thing, I could skip next time is probably the beef tartar. It was alright. Long time ago, they also had a goat cheese appetizer. That was such a great blend of fresh ingredients and taste. I hope I can find it on the menu next time I go.I can't wait to eat here again!!!
Mmmmmm... Chhhaappeeauu...My boyfriend and I celebrated our 2 year anniversary at this lovely establishment. I found out about Chapeau! on a Yelp Talk Thread, where someone was inquiring about great dinner spots for under $100. I looked it up and saw the awesome menu and enticing prices. I knew I had to go.We made reservations about 2 weeks in advance and got the exact day/time that we wanted. I think making a reservation a week earlier should be sufficient but we went in around the holidays so they were pretty booked up for a Saturday. Also, they told us that they had an $18 corkage fee. That's a pretty good deal considering you can take in your favorite bottle of wine and save some bucks, which we did.We both went for the prixi fixe dinner options.The BF got the filet mignon w/ foie gras and I got the seared striped bass. I loved my entree but he didn't enjoy his as much. When he told our waiter that he wasn't exactly satisfied with his meal -- Philippe came out in no time to ask him why it was a miss and what he's going to do about it. It was really nice to see how much they truly care about their reputation and our satisfaction. As for me, I didn't really have any complaints. I love goat cheese and appreciated that there was plenty of it all over the menu. Naturally, the best part of our meal really was the dessert though. I had the French toast a la mode and my BF had the basil napoleon. Both were exceptional and really left an impression. Our time at Chapeau! was really memorable and we will definitely be back here. Even though I felt really guilty for eating a ton of fatty goat cheese, I did not feel guilty for spending my money here. Philippe and the Chapeau! staff do an excellent job of giving you a lasting impression of what French dining should be but rarely is.
Like everybody else, I LOVE Chapeau!I had the seared foie gras as appetizer, and it was the bomb!Foie gras is usually not my thing, but now I'm in love.I also had the chocolate cake as dessert, and I love it.The other thing that I liked was the escargot that my friend ordered.So where did the other star go? My entree.I wasn't too excited about the baby chicken I had.It's good, but not in exceptional way.The service was great. I think our server was Michael, and he is amazing... so thank you for the amazing dinner.I am very very happy that I finally tried Chapeau! after so so so long:)
I've eaten at other high end restaurants and my problem is usually the same. I enjoy great food, good service, in nice atmosphere, and I don't mind paying a bit more to get it. But what I don't like is pretentiousness, snobby staff, and stuck up clientele. Chapeau! is a place for everything I love about a high end restaurant without the attitude. Wanna wear a suit, great, jeans and a Tshirt, who cares! Expect the people next to you to ask how your food was and have a conversation. It's a loud, fun, fancy restaurant with amazing food and great staff.
good service, good food, nth bad to write at all
Came here on my anniversary with my boyfriend. As you know, I'm a late person...:( so it was the day of the Gay Pride Parade, and there was SO much traffic. Our reservation was at 6, but unfortunately we got there at 6:15. Luckily I called in and told them we were going to be late, and they said that's fine just come by 6:15. My boyfriend dropped me off, and the host said "Sorry, the chef told me that we can't serve you because you were supposed to come at 6:13". My heart dropped...but then he smiled and said "just kidding! I'll show you to your table." *Phew. Anyways, the ambience is very nice, but you don't have to dress formally. It's a dim lit place, so it's hard to take pictures on your phone that doesn't have flash. :( We ordered the pre fixed meal, with the tasting fish. They brought out bread and soup first, then we had the trio of salmon. It was delicious! I loved it, especially the caviar. Probably my favorite dish. Then we had the tasting fish, which was scallop risotto. Scallop was nicely cooked, risotto was a good texture. The entree was Alaskan halibut for my boyfriend, and mine was Filet Mignon. I would say my dish was good, except the potatoes were a bit too salty. Then we had the Baked Alaska for dessert. It was so pretty! The chef also put candles in it because it was our anniversary. :') How sweet.The chef is very friendly too, and he greets you when you come in as well as when you leave. I recommend this place! Not too bad for price, $49 a person or so, compared to other French places.
Hunker down people because this will be a long one. . . The hubby took me here for our anniversary and thought we were in for one of the best dining experiences of our lives. Sadly, it was not. I think we fell for the hype and expected too much. We wanted to be blown away and we kinda were but for totally the wrong reasons. We were seated right away since we had reservations. Our server gave us menus and took our drink order. He gave us the specials and came back with water and bread. We looked over the menu and made our decisions but had to wait a bit for our server to come by. While we were waiting, another couple was seated next to us. Since the tables are so close together, we actually became friendly with them. We both ordered the prix fixe menu 1. I had:- Salade Landaise: Frise, Duck Confit & Smoked Duck Magret, Fingerling Potato Chips, Classic French Vinaigrette- Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter, Fingerling Potato, Sauce Grenobloise, Mache- Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake, Banana Flambe & Rum-Raisin Ice Cream,Caramel Sauce The hubby had:- the special foie gras- Cassoulet de Toulouse: Canellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder,Duck Leg Confit, Garlic & Toulouse Sausage - French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream The server brought a complimentary roasted cauliflower soup which came in a demi tasse. Really good and was great with the warm bread and butter. The chef came out to make his rounds and greeted everyone. Nice touch I thought. Our appetizers arrived and we really enjoyed them. I loved my salad and wished there were more duck in it. The hubby liked his foie gras too.Our neighbors got mussels and raved about them. Then we waited a REALLY long time for our entrees to come. Our neighbors got their entrees before we did. We were all a little shocked since we had arrived at least 30 minutes before them. Our server was no where to be found. We not only were hungry since a lot of time had gone by since our appetizers but we just wanted to see how much longer it was going to be. Our neighbors were almost done with their food when we finally got a hold of our server who just came by and said "I'll go check on your entrees" and walked off. We were actually thinking of leaving but decided against it since it was our anniversary. If we were anywhere else on any other day, we would have just asked for the check for the apps and been out. Couple of minutes went by and he came back to say "They are working on them" and walked off. Then we waited some more. By this time our neighbors were done with their entrees. I was not happy. We finally got our entrees and even though I was hungry, my skate wing was just ok. My hubby did not like his dish at all. We thought the food would be amazing and it was just ok. It was very disappointing after waiting that long. Our neighbors and we started talking and we didn't like that our server was so nonchalant about our wait. A simple "I'm sorry for the wait" or any information or some sort of apology would have been nice. Even when he dropped off the entrees, he didn't say a word. If you're in a nice establishment, you expect a certain level of service and we just didn't get it. Our entrees were cleared and while we were waiting for dessert, the chef came by. I guess he heard about our wait and our conversation because he apologized for it. He acknowledged that it's not only the food but the service that makes for a memorable dining experience. I really appreciated the apology and wish the server would have done something as well. If it was a mistake in the kitchen like the chef indicated, the server could have said so. When we got our desserts, he included an extra one which was; Nuage de Noix Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue. I had a candle on my cake too to celebrate our anniversary. It was a nice touch but maybe a little too late. By that time we had been there for over 2 hours. We just wanted to finish eating and go home. We just thought it was over hyped and maybe our experience wasn't the norm but it was enough for us to think about not going back which is sad because I should have tried the mussels.
My boyfriend and I came here for DAT, but realized that they don't offer it on Fridays and Saturdays. I was a little bummed, but they have a fixed price menu that's $40, so the price different isn't too bad. My boyfriend got the 3 course dinner while I stuck with just one entree.Fois Gras: This was my first time trying fois gras, so I don't have anything to compare it to. We thought we might as well take advantage of it before it's gone. I'm not a big fan of the overpowering richness, but that's just my personal preference. They serve it with some apple slices, which I thought was a good balance to the fatty dish.Cassoulet: Another first. I thought it was good, but nothing special. It was a little bland and didn't stick out in my mind.Wild Skate Wing: O.M.G. SOOOOO GOOOOD! The fish was perfectly cooked and the sauce had a touch of citrus that went well with the fish. The potatoes added a nice heartiness to an otherwise light dish. I was using our bread to mop up every last bit of the sauce.Nuage de Noix: This dessert was delicious! Creamy, nutty with some citrus flavors. I loved it.The food was a hit or a miss...I either loved a dish or didn't care for it. Despite the ridiculously good wild skate wing and dessert, I can only give this place 3 stars. The service and ambiance really took away from the experience. This place is so small and the tables are so close together that it was difficult for my boyfriend and I to hold a conversation without yelling...and we were sitting right next to each other! It was incredibly loud inside which took away from the experience and our server seemed very busy and wasn't very attentive.
The first $$$ French restaurant I've had, so I might be biased, but I thought it was 4 star worthy. The dining area is classy and inviting with candles and very patient staff. The best part was the executive chef/owner came around, multiple times, to check up on every patron! It was a nice personal touch that set Chapeau apart from the rest.The food, overall, was memorable. I think Gary Danko makes better seafood and steakhouses make better steak, but there were some standout dishes. The best dishes of the night, ranked from best to least, IMO: 1. Seared Scallop over Pesto Risotto rested above a Lobster Bisque was heavenly. All the flavors melded so well together and the flavors were perfectly balanced. The scallop was seared to perfection. I would definitely come back just for this dish. 2. Foie Gras Special - Delicious, perfect mix of sweet, salty, and fatttt. 3. Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads - i learned from my roommate that this is a veal gland.. it was SURPRISINGLY delicious. You can tell it has more of an organ texture than meat. But the taste was so good, i forgot how weirded out i was originally. 4. Prime Rib - Only comes in portions for two. My other two roommates shared and I tasted some. It was cooked to the perfect temperature, came with bone marrow and bread and tasted amazing. The meat was so tender and juicy. I am usually not a fan of Prime Rib (hence why i've never been to House of Prime Rib) but this was delicious. 5. Traditional Escargots cooked in Butter, Parsley & Garlic presented inside what looks like an egg carton.. - way too salty 6. Filet Mignon with potatoes and mushrooms. Not impressed and very mediocre.We also had drinks and the selection was limited but good enough for the average patron unless you are a connoisseur of wine and alcohol. Our meal lasted 3 hours and we didn't feel rushed at all. Overall, it was a great experience from service to food to ambiance. Great place to bring a date.
Chapeau is one of my favorite restaurant of all time. Not only do they have polite service, but the food is super delicious. When I come here, I order the 3 course Prix-Fix dinner which come with appetizer, entree, and dessert. So far I have tried a variety of their dishes. All of them have been equally delicious.Foie Gras- perfectly seared paired with apple and a piece of bread. The duck liver was melt in your mouth delicious. My all-time favorite dish at Chapeau.Filet Mignon-perfectly cooked to medium rare. Tender and juicy.Escargot-buttery and garlic-y. After you eat the snail, dip some bread to get the remain sauce. So bomb.These are just my favorite dishes at Chapeau. The creme brulee, baked Alaska, cedar smoked salmon, trio of salmon, tiger prawns, and the skate wing. These are all super yummy and also highly recommended.
5 stars for hospitality, 3 stars for the food.I brought the birthday girl here for dinner on a Friday night. Make sure you make reservations early and give yourself plenty of time to eat! I made reservations two days in advance and could only get reservations for 5:30 or 9:30 pm and chose the 9:30 seating.We were warmly greeted by the hostess and the owner or manager. Despite the fully seated dining room, we were brought to our table at almost exactly 9:30. We were given some bread and a crostini with rabbit. Both of us used to have pet rabbits so we REALLY didn't want to eat it, but we did. We both ordered the 4 course meal and chose different dishes so that we can try more:Trio of Salmon- Small pieces of raw salmon with a pretty decoration on the place made with sauces. Make sure to eat each bite of salmon with every single component on the dish or it may taste bland. 4 starsSalade Landaise- The duck had a nice smokey flavor to it and went very well with the salad underneath it. 4 starsScallops with Lobster Bisque- Scallops were perfectly cooked and the lobster bisque was well seasoned and the flavor of lobster definately stood out. There was a type of green pesto oil with the bisque which I didn't find that appealing with the rest of the dish. 3 StarsHalibut- Came with a tomato based sauce that reminded me of spaghetti-o's. I don't remember much about the dish except that it was EXTREMELY salty. We didn't finish it. 2 StarsFillet Mignon and added the bone marrow for an additional cost- Fillet Mignon was cooked perfectly to medium rare and tasted good with the mushrooms that it came with. 4 Stars. Bone marrow wasn't worth the additional cost as the paticular bone we got didn't have much marrow at all. 3 starsDessert-Basil Napolean-cute little dessert with fruits in a basket and a dallop of champagne whipped cream. We were mainly curious about the champagne cream. It was light and was the perfect ending to a heavy meal. 5 stars.French Toast-Triple D- dengerous, decadent, and delicious. OH and heavy.. Comes with 2 pieces of toast smothered in caramel sauce and topped with hazelnut ice cream. It was sinful and delicious but we were so full that we couldn't finish it.Our waiter was SO sweet. We asked about the profiteroles and said that since we were ordering the french toast, we should order the profiteroles because they pair nicely together. My friend ended up getting the basil napolean, but he surprised us with an order of profiteroles on the house.Would I come here again? Mneehhh, but it was worth the experience.Total bill was I think $160 for two (including glasses of wine) and dinner took almost 3 hours to eat as your next entree is served when you're done with your current entree.
Everything was delicious & because it's a small restaurant, we felt like special guests! We tried every dessert on the menu (yes, every. single. one.) - if only to balance my super healthy vegetarian dinner. Pumpkin, carrots, turnips and potatoes over gravy. Wonderful fall meal :-)
The food was great. The entrees are amazing - great seasoning, thoughtful pairing and cooked perfectly. The place is very small and very loud, so don't go on a first date or with someone you really want to engage in extensive conversation with.
The entrance to the restaurant was just odd with the curtains. Although we were late, the wife could have been more friendly in welcoming us. They changed our 5:30 reservation to 6:15 when we called to cancel our reservation, so I guess they can have an extra star for being couteous or desperate or whatever.The main waiter got on my nerve. He was way too dramatic. I liked the water boy though. He was very hard working.Now the food, I only liked the complimentary bread and liver spread. I ordered the 4 course menu- escargot, tasting fish, filet mignon, and baked alaska. Escargot was kinda too salty. Tasting fish of the day was seared scallop with lobster risotto and some green sauce. I didn't care for the sauce, and when the waiter walked by to tell me "don't forget the sauce." Really? I don't need you to tell me how to eat. Nothing special about the filet mignon either. It was my first time trying a baked alaska, so no comment since I am unfamiliar. The place was way too crowded. I felt like my purse and a** were going to knock the condiments and flower on the table next to us over since I literally had 1 foot of space to get to my seat. The hallway to the bathroom should be remodeled. I stood for a good 5 mins waiting for the bathroom since someone was using it, and I felt like it was just so gloomy.Overall, not impressed at all. Never again.
I now understand why Chapeau! has 4.5 stars with over 1k reviews. I made reservations the day of, for dinner on a Wednesday at 7:30pm for SF's Dine About Town. We arrived about 15 minutes early, and got seated almost immediately. Here's the low down of what we ordered: We got 1 dine about town set menu, and added on an additional entree -Mesclun salad - Very yummy, pretty generous portion, so it was good we both shared. I would recommend not ordering this if you're not a fan of wasabi/horseradish as the taste of the dressing can be pretty strong. Prince Edward Island Mussels - Also very delish. The broth the mussels were cooked in were FANTASTIC. It was so flavorful and yummy I could not help but to keep slurping it. They are pretty generous with the portions, so I thought I wouldn't be able to finish this, but I did! The bf ate my pomme frites as I was too full. He said they were also very tasty albeit a bit on the soggy side. Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin - I only had a bite of this, but it was very tender. The bf said it was 5 stars. To wrap up, we had the creme brulee. As creme brulee's one of my favorite desserts and it's a pretty easy dessert to make, there's not much that can go wrong with this. I liked that the chef personally came and shook our hands, gave us a big smile and welcomed us to his restaurant. It was definitely very personable. Total came up to $88 before tip (we also had 2 glasses of wine), which I thought was pretty inexpensive for a French dining establishment. Would love to come back again!
Food: unbelievably wonderful for the priceService: neighborhoody, friendly, & professionalOverall experience: So wonderful! Please come here!My boyfriend and I made this our "fancy" dinner when we visited the City (disclaimer: I am from the City and on a budget). I used to live near Chapeau! before I moved to AK. The BF lived in Geneva and is fluent in French food. I am a snobby San Franciscan (at least by Alaska standards).I gave my BF the hometown grand tour. Focused on burritos, pumpkin curry, Indian pizza, and noodles. Decided to do French on our last night without breaking the bank.In a nutshell: We loved Chapeau! We had reservations at 6:00. We were late (held hostage on MUNI, of course) and the restaurant gave us a call to ask if we were still coming. After I uttered, "We're on MUNI. Sorry!", they lady on the phone understood.We arrived within 15 minutes of our "late-bird call"and were seated immediately. Honestly, from the moment we stepped in the door, we felt comfortable. The maitre'd was friendly and professional. He chatted with us and helped guide our dinner selections. When he found out we were from AK and that we fished halibut, he mentioned the halibut on the menu, but guided us away from it (yes, we were looking for something different).The chef/owner came out and chatted for a bit. So nice that he was there, passionate about his restaurant, and accessible to his customers.All I can say is, I hold Chapeau! in high regards.
This place has a very nice, intimate atmosphere and the food was out of this world. Not to mention that the service as amazing as well.  I highly recommend the Filet Mignon, It was literally one of the best Filet's I've ever had.  We'll definitely be back soon!
Not a fancy, upscale looking restaurant, but the food was way above their decor or ambiance. I had one of the best French meals in my life!! Try a bit of everything! You will enjoy the friendly owner, chef that even bothers to come out of the kitchen to serve you some dishes, and ask you how it was.
Cute restaurant with a very friendly staff and nicely executed classics. I came here for my birthday dinner and had an amazing cassoulet (it was so big that I couldn't finish it). The cocktails were lovely and I remember that at the end of the evening, everything was a little fuzzy and I was all smiles. I would definitely come here over and over again!!
A+ for everything. Yummmm
Delicious! I'm not exactly one to rave when it comes to fine dining, but I'm glad to throw my money at them here. It's a rare gem that I can rely for excellent service, quality food, and a lovely environment and ambiance. The price (relatively low) is the only thing holding them back from getting those pretentious Michelin stars. Definitely one of my go-to's for visitors.
I don't need to say much about the food here besides the fact that it's AMAZING. The service, the ambiance, the food presentation, the taste, the reasonable pricing, the wine selection, everything is on point! Also, I really like how whenever I have dinner here, I notice that the chef normally comes out to greet everyone. I always make sure to recommend this place to my friends and coworkers whenever they ask me for advice on places to take their dates. Normally I would knock off a star if parking is a huge pain, but it's totally worth the 45 minutes of trying to find parking.
Came here for bf's birthday. Got seated right away (had reservations for 6:15). Waiter was nice and helpful. He took time to explain the menu and helped us choose our wine. We both did the 4 course menu. We started with warm bread and butter and a complimentary serving of a chilled tomatoe bisque which was very good.For appetizers I had the mussels with fries and he had the French onion soup. Both were delicious. The tasting fish was scallop over a bed of pesto risotto with a lobster bisque around it. I love scallops but this one was a bit flavorless. Pesto risotto was different. I would have been perfectly fine if we had skipped this dish.For the entree I had the veal sweetbreads and he had the rabbit. I don't know what is wrong with us but we were not impressed at all with our entrees!  Everyone around us raved how good the sweetbreads and rabbit were to the chef. I loved the mushrooms and truffle sauce that accompanied the sweetbreads but I just couldn't stomach them! Its the texture and creaminess of the sweetbreads that I'm not use to. I tried some rabbit and thought it was sort of dry. Both entrees were beautifully presented tho!For the dessert I had the French toast with hazelnut ice cream. I was pleasantly surprised how delicious it was without being too overwhelming. He had the creme brle. How can you go wrong with that!Overall we had a pretty good experience at this restaurant. I'm glad we tried to be adventurous by ordering plates we would never have even thought of ever eating. All I can say is that at least we tried it!
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for months now. Back in October, my boyfriend at the time wanted to take me to Chapeau! as a surprise. He's been here several times before and has always had an amazing experience with great food. However, our experience that night was totally different. Once our waiter seated us he took our wine glasses away and said with attitude, "You don't want any wine right?" Uh no, sir, we did plan on having some wine but thank you for ruining that for us. After ordering and receiving our food we didn't see our waiter for the next hour. He didn't stop by to check how things were and didn't offer to bring us anything else. We had empty plates sitting in front of us for another half an hour while our waiter was walking back and forth to tend to other tables. He glanced at us but said nothing. Finally, another waiter decided to clean up our empty plates. Our original waiter brought us our check and started to scrape off the crumbs from the table and scraped them directly onto my boyfriends pants. He did not apologize nor did he even acknowledge his clumsiness. I have no idea what caused our waiter to be so rude, short, and inattentive with us because he seemed to be so accommodating to everyone else. The food was great but the sour attitude our waiter had made Chapeau! "wow" us in a less than positive way.
Went to Chapeau's new location last night for dinner. Once again, the food and service floored me. We both had the 3 course prefix menu and a bottle of Muscat. It was my boyfriend's first time at the restaurant and he was similarly impressed. We came out of the restaurant two happy, and very full, campers.Appetizer:Foie gras paired with sauternes - what can I say? Food doesn't get any better than this. The port perfectly compliments the rich, buttery, melt in your mouth goodness of the foie gras, cutting down on its oiliness. It's not on the menu so you'll have to ask the waiter for it.Sweetbread - it only has a slight organ taste and is tender. The truffle sauce is delicious and the crispy leeks on top gives the dish a good change of pace on texture.Entree:Cassoulet de Toulouse - a stew made from lamb, sausage, beans and a duck leg. I had a few bites of the dish and it was very flavorful, although I expected the meat to be a bit more tender.Flounder - I'm usually apprehensive about ordering fish at restaurants because they tend to over cook it, but this fish was cooked perfectly. Loved the paper thin sliced asparagus. And the sauce, oh the sauce!! It was wonderful and so flavorful without overwhelming the fish. Dessert:Chocolate cake - it's a molten lava cake and my boyfriend loved it. I'm not a big fan of chocolate so I didn't give it a try.Lemon tart - the filling was good, although by the end of dinner, I was too full to really enjoy it. It wasn't too rich and the tartness was really refreshing.The restaurant is truly something special. I love how the owner/head chef comes out and personally greets everyone. And the complimentary amuse bouche is always a promising start to the meal. Will definitely come back for special occasions.
I used to love Chapeau, when it was the old Chapeau, when it was smaller, had paintings on the wall, perfectly intimate, with outstanding service and delicious food. But now, in all honesty after our dinner on Monday night, Chapeau has gone down the hill. This was my 3rd time visiting it since its move from the old location, and every time it has gotten worse so I feel like I should tell them how they're doing. The food of Chapeau is not living up to of its past. Although still good, it's no longer rich in flavor, the presentation is longer immaculate. For example its apple tart, the crust of the tart was hard and thick when I had it; I'm no professional pastry chef, but I know the crust should be fluffy, soft, and thin, but it was nothing like that. As for the all the other courses we had, the depth of the flavor was just not there, it's just not like what it used to be. But its service, was perhaps what I was most disappointed in. It wasn't like they weren't nice to us, they were nice, but the waiter we had was simply not good at what he does. I asked him to recommend us good appetizers and all he did was reading off the menu. I wanted to know what was good that night, what was fresh, what was made well, and what was other people having. He was this french guy with a pretty heavy accent that clearly, was not understanding me well and he screwed up our orders twice; and ironically he tried to make it seem like it was us that was not clear. He was so ineloquent in everything he said which caused so much miscommunication. We always had to ask for more bread, refills on water; our plates were seldom changed, and our table was only cleaned once so we were practically eating with breadcrumbs all over it for most of the night! I'm no nitpicker and purpose of this review is not to magnify some insignificant details of Chapeau and turn them into a huge deal. All I'm saying is this: if Chapeau considers itself amongst the elite, and wishes to stay that way, then it MUST turn its attention back to detail. Or else what's separating it and say.. house of prime rib?
YOU MUST GO! I've tried a lot of their dishes. Their steak is better than most high end steak houses in SF. Try any of their fish dishes, everything is good here!
Very nice ambiance and wait staff. I came here with two pregnant friends for a girls' night dinner. We got there just in time for the early bird specials. The food was really good. The pork was cooked perfectly. However, since my friend was pregnant, she sent it back to have it fully cooked. They were very nice about it. The chef came out to greet us and was very warm and welcoming.
The food was terrific and the service was just as nice. The location was a bit out of the way and parking can be painful at times.
Just celebrated my birthday here with my sister (beck p.) and mom. Chef Phillipe is such a charmer. He greeted us at the door with a warm "Bonjour" and handshake... but by the time we left it was kiss kiss on both cheeks. Get the three course dinner. For a relatively affordable $40, create your own. You get to choose the app, entree and dessert from the regular menu. It's a win-win! I got the tomato soup (perfect on a cold blustery day), pan seared duck with polenta for my entree, and the apple tart for dessert. My sister got the duck confit salad, baby chicken entree and warm chocolate cake. My mom got the filet mignon, which she wanted medium rare, and it came out PERFECTLY cooked. They also threw in an extra dessert. I have no idea what it was, but it had some peaches and toasted nut topping. Divine. I'd say out of everything, my least favorite dish was my duck. For some reason the pan sear wasn't really there... so instead of a crispy skin it was fatty and soft. But the flavors were still tres magnifique!Amuse bouche was THE BEST! Creamy savory cauliflower soup with a dash of truffle oil. (Doesn't truffle oil make everything better?!?) And when I raved to the chef about it, he proceeded to, in detail, explain how to make it and wrote down his recipe (After he confirmed I wasn't a chef trying to steal his secrets LOL)Watch out for the bread. It comes out warm and perfectly crispy flaky crust with warm chewy center. If you're not careful, you'll ruin dinner b/c you can't stop eating it! Can't wait to go back. I hope they expand the space... it's cramped and dark... and always busy. Gets a little too loud for quality conversation. If they upgraded the decor that would be awesome.One of my favorite restaurants in the city!
This place is Yelp GOLD!!! Meaning, we never would've discovered this place if it wasn't for yelp. It's kinda in a residential area of the Richmond district between 2nd and 3rd. It took about a 20-25 min cab ride out of downtown SF to actually get to this place, but it was well worth it. We dined here a few days after Christmas... We got there for an early reservation right when they opened up for dinner service. The ambiance is upscale, but casual...clientele was very eclectic, from young & old couples to families. Some were dressed in jackets while others wore jeans and t-shirts.  Service was charming, friendly and prompt. All of the waiters had French accents and appeared to be speaking French to one another. Our waiter gave us his honest opinions of what he personally thought tasted the best that evening. Food service pace can best be described as European, so this may not be your cup of tea if you're in a rush to get in and out of this place. We enjoyed the leisurely pace, and never felt rushed although the restaurant was packed to the gills.  Started off with the appetizer-sized portion of Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms/ Baby Carrots & Turnips/Truffle Sauce/ Fried Leeks/ White Truffle Oil, and my wife had a salad of some sorts with mixed beets. Light crisp coating surrounding moist and flavorful sweetbreads...Entree: Vegetable Napoleon made of Barley & Wheat/ Lentils with Dried Fruits & Toasted Almonds/Curry Cauliflower Mousse/ Artichoke Dome/ Green Curry Sauce. My wife is a vegetarian and loved this dish...such an usual and creative dish with such artistic presentation that we've never seen before.  Entree: Veal Medalion with Chanterelles in a Veal ReductionTruffled Soft Polenta/ Spinach Soubise. Perfectly cooked veal with an outstanding polenta that was chock full of chanterelles in a super-rich veal reduction...what more can you ask for? Dessert: Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle. I thought this was just 'okay,' but it probably wasn't the best dessert to top off such a rich dinner. Unfortunately, they dimmed the lights right before our food was served so none of my cell phone photos came out, but take my word for it, everything except dessert was super-delicious! The portions were unusually large for French cuisine and the sauces were just spectacular...and they did not skimp on the use of butter. This food is not for the weight-watchers crowd...but what the hell? Ya gotta live a little sometimes...The only downfall, if you need to grab a cab back to downtown SF...make sure you call for a cab from the restaurant. It took us about 15-20 minutes to hail a cab on the street. No worries though, Chapeau was definitely worth taking a trip off the beaten path...Great dining experience.
A-OK. That is all.
Food is good and price is reasonable. But be aware that needs to pay 4% "Healthy SF" fee!
The hospitality and personable service at Chapeau! won me over. My friends and I were greeted personally by the chef with a hearty handshake and a genuine smile and a big "welcome!" When does that ever happen?The food was good, but not spectacular. We were not blown away as we were at Alexander's. We decided to opt for Menu 2 with the fish tasting for $38 per person. Ever since BH and I partook in foie gras, we've been craving it for every single meal afterward, so he, of course, got the foie gras appetizer while I decided to expand my tasting horizons and ordered the sweetbreads (pancreas from a veal). I didn't think I was an organ person, but it turns out I LOVE foie gras and I really like sweetbreads too! The sweetbreads weren't too bad tasting. The texture was like fatty chicken and the flavor wasn't pancreas-y at all (not that I know what pancreas tastes like) but tasted like the sauce.BH's foie gras was just as I remembered it at Alexander's - rich, decadent, bursting with fat and extremely fragrant. It melted on my tongue and it tasted exceptional with the baguette.The fish tasting was scallop on a bed of creamy green risotto. I inhaled this dish - the scallop was so tender and succulent and it paired perfectly with the earthiness of the risotto beneath.For my entree, the black cod was a disappointment - the fish was lacking in both texture and flavor (the meat tasted really mushy). BH's duck confit and leg of lamb was also good but not great. Though, my friend's boyfriend's skate wing entree was exceptional. It had a great, firm texture to the fish, but it was still soft and tender. The creamy sauce made the dish extra rich and tasty.However, the desserts redeemed the dinner. The profiteroles were filled with lush vanilla bean ice cream and the pastry was airy and light. The lemon tart was . . .well, tart and the crust was flaky and filled with sliced almonds. Paired with a cup of warm, black French coffee and a delightful dessert, the meal ended perfectly.Especially when the chef gave each of us a hug and pressed his cheeks to the ladies' for two soft air kisses. How cute!
Chapeau!I've no idea how to pronounce this so I'll leave it at that.I didn't know what to expect going in this restaurant.This was the first "fine dining" experience I've ever had considering I was a poor college student and am now a semi-less poor college student I was able to take my awesome girlfriend out to this restaurant for her birthday.So we enter and it's this dim lit ambiance, obviously for the whole dilated pupils make the other person look better and sexier etc, but its pretty busy, lots of conversation floating around and an overall a very relaxed atmosphere.Service was prompt and very polite and to our surprise the head chef actually came out and asked us what we would like to order and which dishes he recommends!Anyway, we were ready to order so we ordered the wild caught skate wing for the birthday girl and cassoulet for moi.The skate wing was very good, if you like light flavors and a slightly chewy fish with a delicious side of potatoes. It has a light buttery and salty flavor to it and it is well accompanied with a nice glass of whatever wine you call them. (I'm not a very classy person and would rather stick to beers than wine but alcohol is good anywhere.)The cassoulet is a very heavy dish with a lot of beans and sauce, the meats in it (lamb, sausage, duck) are all on the heavier side and coupled with those soft delicious beans, its definitely a man's dish.I wouldn't think twice of coming here again, given I have plenty of funds but alas, I am not very money. Yes, I accidentally a word but you get the point.To top off our journey of food at this great restaurant, we each ordered a dessert called the Nuage de Noix (fancy, I know I've also no idea how to pronounce this) which was this light and fluffy, yet very sweet cake like dish.This whole dinner was pretty amazing to me, albeit I've never been to such a nice restaurant, the head chef came out again as we were leaving and thanked us for coming to his restaurant and shook our hands. If you have the opportunity to go to Chapeau! Please do, the chef makes it all worth it.
Their underwhelming food makes me question why everything's so overpriced. More like... Chapeau(?)
Best part of the meal was the free soup in the beginning. It was a cauliflower bisque or something and it was amazing. Other than that nothing was memorable. I had a steak with foie gras and so did my date, neither of us were satisfied. My steak was NOT rare, as I had ordered it. (I opted to get the extra foie gras on top of the steak for an additional fee.) when I informed out server that my steak was over cooked she brought it back to the kitchen, she brought me a new steak with the foie gras from my previous steak scooped on top. I understand foie gras is expensive and they didn't want to give me another piece, but the least they could do was heat it instead of tossing it cold on top of a hot steak. I found that to be really odd, and of course, disappointing. The decor was very cute, but it was overcrowded. It felt like we were all sitting too close together. I won't be back.
You know, when you're completely overwhelmed by your experience, it's almost impossible to figure out where to begin to articulate.French Bistro is known to produce an acute, but relaxed reaction to a palette of rich tastes. It went beyond that: the fore grais literally sent me back into time to the days when my grandmother would prepare liver as a side dish to her cooking. If you've ever seen Pixar's Ratatoullie, Anton Ego's time trip after having a bite of Ratatoullie pretty much sums this up.What made it especially pleasing was the service we received. Michael knew the best wine pairing to satisfy our fore grais, file mignon, duck breast, and oyster dishes. Each pairing made the sip of wine feel as if it were fated for the meal we had; that the specific grapes were picked from the wine, crushed, and then aged with the dish we had at the table. Each dish of the five course meal came out exactly at the right time, like going round for round in a boxing match only to get knocked out after the last bite.Further, the chef is there to personally greet you as he walks around to thank you for coming and to shake your hand. It is this kind of service that we should expect, and after my recent vacation to Japan, something I realize is sorely missing from the industry in the United States.
My friend and I both had the four courses prixe menu. We had escargot and foie gras as appetizers. The escargot had good flavor and really nice texture, best that I've had so far. The foie gras was to die for. LOVED IT! I wish I had more of it. The next course was a scallop over a bed of pesto risotto. Each item was cooked perfectly and tasted wonderfully. I felt like they didn't compliment each other that well though.As for entree I had the bacon wrapped veal while my friend had the Cassoulet de Toulouse. I felt my entree was not as a bit dry and salty. As for the Cassoulet de Toulouse it was very salty and had way too much beans.For dessert we had the basil napoleon and noiux de nuage. OMG GOOD!When I first saw the basil napoleon I was thinking "that's it? chopped up fruits?" but when I had my first taste it was OMG GOOD!I am giving this place a four, instead of a five because of their entrees. I LOVED all the other courses.The waitstaff is excellent. Their wine selection is amazing. As for the interior I felt like it was a little too cramped. You are very close to your neighbors
We just went to Chapeau! on Tuesday, April 16th for my birthday. It was truly delightful as always. The service was impeccable and the food delicious. My beau ordered the vegetarian menu and the entree was extraordinarily beautifully presented. The warm Valhrona Chocolate cake was sublime. I had the trio of salmon, the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, and the mesclun salad for dessert. All great and lovely to look at as well as to eat. If you order before 6pm Sunday-Thursday there is an early bird special for $33 for three courses with a wide range of choices. I am looking forward to returning for Mother's Day brunch.
Recently had dinner and loved it.This gem in the inner Richmond has not lost its way.The bacon wrapped pork tenderloin was amazingly good and the rest of our courses were excellent.Dinner for 2 with the 3 course meals and 4 glasses of wine was about $150 including tax and tip.Not cheap, but a real delight as always.
Good neighborhood place! I'm reviewing this place a bit late for the two times I've been here. I can't remember what I ate, but remember the food was good, but didn't blow me away. I had an overall fantastic experience both times though.My husband took me here for valentines a few years ago when they were at the old location. It was really nice. Food and service was good, but it was cramped because of course they pack the place for valentines.Came here again at the newer location with my girlfriends and once again had a great experience. The chef came out to say hello, got a bit excited, and knocked water all over our table. The staff was soooo quick to replace our entire table cloth and setting - it was truly impressive!
Mostly bland dishes with a side of slow service and spilled wine. Have had better French in SF so won't be coming back here. Cute place but very hot inside to the point of being uncomfortable. Good wine selection doesn't make up for lackluster entrees.
We went there for my buddy's bday party! Supposedly my friend knows the chef well! We ordered a ton of food... but when the service came, it was miserable! They served me a osso bucco that was the smallest of the three! And then.. the woman had the nerve to give me a dirty spoon during dessert time.. i was like WTF!!! for a $600 dinner for 5, the food wes allright and the service was horrible! i don't recommend this place.Oh yeah.. the boss woman... terrible attitude! Food - 3 star, wait staff- 3 star, boss woman - minus 5 star!
This place is a gem in the inner Richmond. You would not expect a great place like this to be across the street from pizza places and little family owned shops. I ordered the skatewing, which is a stingray, but taste like a white meat fish, the escargot and I cant remember the dessert but they were all good! I saw a few people order their bone marrow plate which I guess is one of their more popular dishes. Next time Ill probably try that. This place is well deserving of their rating. Service was good. Place is small so make sure you book reservations way in advance.
This place is off the hooook! The owner is off the hooooook!! Took ex-gf here for her bday. Right when we stepped in the door and told the waitress we had a reservation you can feel the energy in the entire room, and mostly because the owner and head chef was bouncing around table to table chatting it up. We decided to get drinks while we waited for our table to get ready and the owner comped out drinks. We got the 4 course prie fixe meal, and he kilt every single dish. But the best thing we tasted that night was the dessert. And the owner even gave us extra desserts since it was her bday...trio sorbet in a hazelnut basket.... The price was also very reasonable, I believe it was under $50 each. When we left he even gave both my date and I a kiss on the cheek! We had such a fun time. If you are looking for a quite stuffy french cuisine restaurant this prob is not a good choice. But if you are looking for a fun and social restaurant with excellent food, please check this place out.Side note: when we went, they had just moved from their previous location and I noticed that there was only one wall that had an unfinished pencil drawing. I inquired about this and the owner simply replied: "One day I had an idea, and the next day I didn't."
They have these tiny forks. They made me giggle. The food was really good, too. But those forks. Oh man.
Love this place! chef personally greets you at the door and around your dinner table. Wait staff are super friendly and helpful and price is reasonable. Great place!
Came to Chapeau! for our 10 year wedding anniversary and enjoyed the entire experience. -Service was friendly, welcoming and attentive.-4 course meal consisted of complimentary crostini with eggplant caviar, oysters, tasting fish of scallops, palette cleanser of apple sorbet, cassoulet and french toast for dessert. For my husband he ordered the tiger prawn appetizer, bouillabaisse, chocolate cake.  The food was well prepared with minor oversalting on the bouillabaisse but other than that we were pleased with everything!Would definitely recommend and return.They acknowledged our anniversary on many occasions and even brought out both our dessert plates with candles. Thank you!
I came here for Dine About Town with my girlfriend. Nice, simple decor with paintings of hats adorning the walls to compliment its namesake. The seating is a little cramped so a crowded night might claustrophobic and we came on a Monday evening so my guess is this place is often crowded. I guess it can be considered cozy but you're close enough to the table next to hear the entirety of conversations so be forewarned if you're looking intimacy be prepared to train your focus or pop an adderall to achieve desired tunnel vision. I even saw some cross table mingling so maybe you'll make some fine dining friends.For the first course I ordered the escargot with pesto which was quite good. The pesto balanced the escargot's natural saltiness nicely. My girlfriend enjoyed the Trio of Salmon (gravlax, tartar and salmon caviar with egg mimosa, creme fraiche) garnished with caviar and capers, which was delectable. The caviar married the salmon with a salty refreshing flavor.For the main course we both had the bacon wrapped pork-lion that sat on a bed of spinach, mash potatoes, and pear jus. The pork was well prepared albeit a little chewy. The sweetness of pear jus will delicious at the onset became a tad overwhelming as the meal progressed. But the potatoes and spinach were quite tasty.For desert we sampled the profiteroles topped with dark chocolate which was good but not suited to my tastes. I thought the overabundance of dark chocolate overwhelmed the profiteroles and ice cream but I'm not huge a dark chocolate fan--to each their own. My favorite part of this restaurant was the chef personally greeted everyone and made sure they enjoyed their meals. He is clearly doing what he loves and takes pride in his work. Overall the staff was very friendly and the service was fairly prompt. Though the dessert did take some time to come out and when it did it had almonds sprinkled on top (I'm allergic and I don't recall being on the menu), they took it back no problem and brought a replacement dish immediately.All and all it was okay experience. I'd be happy to try it again but it wasn't my favorite Dine about Town.
We're moving from the Bay Area to Washington, DC, so we needed to pick a last restaurant to visit. Chapeau! was our immediate choice, no hesitation, no plan B. If the food were the only good part, it would be well worth every dime. But it's not just the food.Our last visit to Chapeu! did not disappoint. Both the seared foie gras and the Meclun salad were excellent, neither better than the other, which is quite astonishing, when you pit a salad against the best foie gras I've had outside France. For the main course, we had Steak Tartare and a rabbit's leg, both which were pleasant surprises in their own way. The Steak Tartare was seasoned in an original way that added just an extra bite to it. However, if I have a chance to return to SF any time soon, I'll order the rabbit, which was meaty and moist, not stringy and disappointing.It's the chef and owner, Philippe Gardelle, who really makes this place exceptional. He's always coming out of the kitchen to greet guests, which is more than just a pro forma "How are you?" The second time we visited, he remembered us from the first time, a feat of memory I would not have been able to make. He's a detail man, making sure that every moving and non-moving part of the restaurant is working as it should. And he has such a friendly, relaxed way of doing everything, he makes it look far easier than I know it is.I'll miss this restaurant.
This was my first time at a French restaurant and boy was it amazing!!! It was a Tuesday night and the place was still buzzing, even at 8:30 pm. For appetizers, we ordered the foie gras and the salade landaise. The foie gras was a generous size and served with thinly sliced pear. It was rich and buttery. The salade landaise was very tasty served with a piece of foie gras and deep fried fingerling potatoes. The dressing was nice and light and the smoked duck had a lot of flavor. For entrees, we ordered the bouillabaisse and the filet. The bouillabaisse reminded me of a cioppino. It was like a seafood stew with fish, clams, and mussels. I think this dish lacked a little flavor compared to all the other dishes. The filet was cooked perfectly.For dessert, we had the basil napoleon and the French toast. The basil napoleon was definitely interesting and good. I've never tasted anything like it. It was like chips and salsa where the salsa consisted of various fruits. The slice of French toast was served warm with hazelnut ice cream and a caramel sauce. Yum!Overall, the food was exceptional and the atmosphere was cozy. The only downside was that the tables were very close to each other.
my favorite part of the dinner was the variety..we ordered the pre-fix filet mignon and duck as the main entree. Sadly, the entree's didn't leave me with much impression at the end of the night. Although i did enjoy the ginger/lemon sorbet served in between meals; its suppose to clear the palette i suppose.
Cozy little place...intimate and the owner was very friendly even saying goodbye with the double cheek peck: totally authentic.
Excellent classic french cuisine. Excellent service. Their onion soup is the best I ever had. Recommend it greatly.
My first impression of the place was not that great, the hostess wasn't the most welcoming and we had to wait 20mins extra for a table even though we had reservations. It's a small place so they don't have a waiting area. They do have a bar that we could have waited at but they kept saying oh it's almost ready, 5 mins so we just waited in the front. UMMM you said 5mins...5mins ago?! Once we got seated, everything got better. Service was slow but at least our waiter was really friendly. The chef also came to the table a couple of times and shook our hand and served our dishes, I thought this was a very nice gesture. The place is small and can get pretty loud not uber romantic. Me n the bf got Menu 1 (appetizer, entree, dessert for $38) For, appetizer we got corn soup with crab cake which was very rich but smooth and light at the same time. I got the special foie gras which was a few bucks extra on top of the menu price. I LOVE FAT so I ordered the Foie gras which was so unctuous the sweetness of the apple helped break the "fatty-ness" but dare it say it... too fatty and greasy for me (note: I LOVE FAT so it was a shock to me)For the entrees, the bf got honey-lavender baby chicken, he wasn't wowed by the dish and neither was I. He stated it was just average and didn't really have any memorable qualities to it, I agreed after having a few bites.I got the filet mignon with oyster mushrooms which was yummy rich with truffle essence, can't go too wrong with a good piece of meat.For the desserts, we got french toast with caramel/hazelnut ice cream so simple but sooo good, the ice cream and french toast definitely was nostalgic. The boyfriend got the chocolate cake with flambe banana and a rum raisin ice cream, really really rich in chocolate. I prefered the french toast. And a complimentary chocolate nut mousse with orange soup, very interesting it reminded me of the chocolate round orange candy, we weren't too fond of this dessert it didn't mix well to us. The food was a toss up for us, some things we loved some was just ehh.The service was also a toss up, at first it was ehh then it was good.I plan to come here again for hopefully a better experience.
Dim lights.. Very romantic and intimate. Me and the bf both did a 3 course meal and loved all of it, especially desserts. Service was excellent and water glasses never went empty. I even got a couple of good-bye kisses from the chef!!! First experience here but won't be last! I'll be back!!!
They have a prix fixe 3 choice for $40/pp5 stars for the appetizers and dessertsFor appetizer:TRIO OF SALMON: Gravlax, Tartar & Caviar/ Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache/ Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing. Can u say AMAZING!? The salmon was so remarkably prepared, it felt like I didn't even have to chew - it was so soft. Each mouthful was so flavorful I did not want this plate to end! SALADE LANDAISE:Frise/ Duck Confit & Smoked Duck Magret/ Fingerling Potato Chips/ Classic French Vinaigrette. Super delicious and again the duck prepared nicely! 3 stars for ENTREEs itself -I got the short ribs and it was juicy, shears right off and was delightful. The sauce tasted much like home cooking, which is never a bad thing! The bf got the chicken and that was good, somewhat average in flavor.. Nothing really drew me in. One piece of bok choy.For dessert : Creme brle - cant go wrong! Big portion and definitely tasted the vanilla bean, creamy and cool with the warm, crisp sugar layer mmmmmBut most importantly get the: chocolate meringue thing. Can't remember what it's call but fluffy, well presented meringue on top of chocolate heaven in your mouth with some form of coffee ice cream inside : OMG!4 Starts for the service - Amazing that the chef came out individually to shake our hands! I thought that was very sweet! Generally it was good service - friendly, helpful but I only ate less than half of my entree and when I asked to box it.. Sadly, they completely forgot about it :(
I think all the reviews here were pretty bs.Had a reservation at 815. I was seated promptly. Which gets +1During the meal,the chef came out and shook our hands which gets +1Dress code is: wtf. Yelp reviews said dressy so I went with shirt and tie while others had jeans and t shirts.Tables were a rats penis apart. No private conversations unless u want the whole resturant to hear u.Service sucked. Took 15 mins to get a menu and another 30 before to order..Yelp reviews described how delicious the filet minion is and how excellent the bone marrow is. I ordered the filet minion medium rare with the bone marrow (extra $)the filet came out medium and was cut in slices. Meat was dry . The bone given barely had marrow. The whole plate was drenched in oil.Food was flavorless and the waiters didnt pay any attention to us.My girlfriend got the half chicken. Chicken was not at all close to half and was stuffed with so much crap that there wasnt any chicken to eat.Yelp reccommended the french toast for desert..so i ordered it. It was just ok. Has to be eaten with the ice cream to make it tasteful.We also got the chocolate cake.Chocolate was super bitter and the ice cream on the side was awkward tasting.total bill was $98.xx not including tip. Totally not worth it and i would never come back again. I rather spend my money elsewhereMy 2 stars were due to me being generous.
I'm so glad I get to rate one of the top restaurants on Yelp in SF! This place was awesome. The atmosphere, the service, THE FOOD. I had the Skate Wing and it's was delicious! They served it pretty fast, too.My experience here was lovely. I do hope I go back one day (:
First walking into this place it was very pretty and a whole lot smaller than I thought it would be. The tables are pushed together quite close so any hopes of a private conversation is out of the question.The place gets very very packed so near the end of my meal I did begin feeling a bit claustrophobic. Our server spoke French fluently and was quite nice. He was very patient with us and with taking our order. We each ordered the 2nd menu choice with the pallet cleansers. The cauliflower cream soup came first, and it was actually ok. This is coming from someone that HATES HATES HATES cauliflower. Next the mussels and the salad landaise. Both were really great, but I preferred the mussels over the salad. The mussels also came with a side of fries, which were probably one of the best tasting fries I've ever had.Next we had our 'tasting fish' which was a seared scallop. YUM! It was cooked PERFECTLY and was absolutely delicious. Our pallet cleansers came next and wow. I had the green apple cleanser and it came in a martini glass partly filled with tequila. It really complimented my cleanser very very well. My bff got the ginger-lemon cleanser and his came with vodka. They were both delicious.Our entrees came next which were salmon and rack of lamb. I'm not really a fan of lamb, so it me it was ok. But he LOVED the lamb and ate the entire plate before I was half way through mine. The salmon was cooked perfectly (also they ask you how you want your salmon cooked, I had mine done medium rare). The potatoes that came with the salmon were cooked perfectly.After we finished up our entree, we were given our dessert menus, and from there we waited. The free bread basket kept us busy for a little bit, but after it was taken away we just waited for someone to take our dessert order. This was probably the only down-part of the meal, but it sucks having to wait 5+ minutes just staring at everyone that walks by. It seemed as though there were only 1-2 waiters for all the tables that night ... and mind-you it was a Saturday night.Finally after waiting close to 10 minutes our waiter returned to take our dessert order. I ordered the profiterolles which reminded me of a cream puff in a sense. Two sides of a pastry with ice cream in the center and a chocolate sauce on top. It was AMAZING!!! I would love to come back here to have it once more. The bff ordered the chocolate cake, which was great as well. It was very warm so you can tell that it was fresh, and the plate was decorated so beautifully.Also I had they're house champagne while the bff had a Heineken. The house champagne was great and much much better then the house champagnes at other places.They only have 1 bathroom ladies, so be prepared to wait and wait. Also the bathroom does not reflect on the restaurants decor at all. Quite sad really ... I felt like it was really dirty and was scared to touch anything. And I have been to places with some really nice bathrooms, so I was kinda sad to see that not every aspect of their restaurant was anything else of great.Our meal ended up to be close to $200 with tip. So it is not cheap. The place did move as of August 4th, 2009; and can now be found at 126 Clement Street -- and will be open 7 days a week. When we were leaving, around 9pm or so, the line was out the door ... so we were very lucky to have reservations (and an early one at that, 6:15pm).I do hope that this place is a bit more roomy and that they have more than 1-2 servers on a weekend dinner shift. This place has truly changed my mind about French cuisine. It was very very decedent, flavorful, and rich ... which is probably why the portions of each dish are so small. You get a bunch of different tastes in your mouth with each dish and it was an amazing experience. I do hope I get to return and visit their new location.
Came here last year when I was in SF. The service was fantastic. The chef/owner came out and took orders for us and gave us recomendations. He was a very funny guy. After dinner, we walked out the restaurant and he came out to thank us for coming.The food was very good. I got there three course Prix Fixed menu: foie gras, filet mignon, and a chocolate cake.Will definitely go back when I'm in SF again.
I have been wanting to try this place for quite a while. I am a huge fan of cozy french bistros. We had a relatively late reservation (9pm) and I was super excited. They were packed when we arrived and had no table for us until a whole hour later!! This is WITH reservation. The only redeeming factor is that the boy at the door was shy and somewhat apologetic. Still, they seated a couple who had a later reservation before us because they looked older and had ordered a bottle at the bar. The food was decent. I like the option for prix fixed menus. The tasting fish of the day was scallop: very worth while. The french onion soup was relatively unoriginal but good tasting. The trio of salmon was more of a duo of salmon, unless you really count salmon roe. The description was better than the food. The complimentary veggie soup was probably better than any of the dishes. For entree, we had the daily special (foie gras) with bone marrow. They had forgotten our bone marrow!! When we reminded them, they obnoxiously said "o you have to order it." We nicely informed them that WE DID ORDER IT. When they FINALLY brought it out, it was obviously microwaved and still cold in parts. At least they took it off the check. The place was quite crowded as well, which is typical of french bistros. If you're looking for privacy this isn't the place. But if you love a good convo with a neighbor, Chapeau! definitely offers. I was very disappointed in this place after all the great reviews and given my love for french bistros. Will not be back and will not recommend this place.
My fiance took me here for my birthday, and I had a great dining experience! It was packed on a monday night, we were lucky because we got in before the rush of people. Nick , who is the bartender , was our fantastic waiter for the night. He was so friendly and had great recommendations! We had the 'create your own menu' with the appetizer, entre and.dessert. The mussels and escargot were amazing. The skatwing and bouillabaisse was blow your mind delicious and the french toast and.basil napolean desserts were absolutely to die for. When we entered the owner came to greet us, and before we left, he bid us farewell.I will definitely come here again, as they have great food, great prices and great people!
I came here with my family last Wednesday for my birthday. Upon entering we were greeted with a great big bonjour, hug, and kiss by the owner. We were immediately seated at our reserved table and treated nicely and by the waiters from there on out. Pretty much all of the workers have French accents and as my mom put it, "this place is more authentic than bistros we ate at in Paris!" I don't know about that, but it's pretty good!We started with the tuna tartare which was a daily special - very yummy. The other app we ordered with thinly sliced zuchinni was nothing special but a good vegetarian option.For the main meal I had the petite poiusson (little chicken - game hen?) with a lavender honey sauce. Just writing that sauce makes my mouth drool. It was pretty delicious!!! I finished the whole meal and was very satisfied after. Other people got the fish and the lamb stew and all were equally tasty in their own ways.For dessert we had the creme brulee and something I'm forgetting and they brought me out a free dessert with a candle for my birthday!Overall it was a fun experience, great service, and very delicious food. I feel it is very reasonable prices for what you get! Recommended.Oh and P.S. You can park next door after the store is closed.
Great food, great service. Escargot Bourgogne didn't disappoint. And the skate wing was enough for two! Delicious dinner! Just a heads up that the resto website's prices are not updated. As of 9/17/13, everything seems to be 20% more on the menu than what is listed on the web menu, ie entrees are $26+, not $22.
I've eaten better food for the price. Sorry. However the service was of much higher calibur than almost all of the restaurants I've been to in this price range.Foie gras appetizer was meh. The duck breast was okay. The jus was laced with peppercorn flavor a litte on the heavy side. The smoked trout amuse-bouche was really good though, but when is something smoked not good?
One thing I can take home from Chapeau! is not the food, but a reminder to not have high expectations in life because it can set one up for failure. I was thrilled to finally get a reservation (one week ahead of time) from this highly praised and talked about french restaurant, but was only disappointed to the slow service and decent food. For a three person party and one week reservation, we were seated in a cramped two person table. And though the food was better than average, it didn't meet the 5 star rating.I ordered the:Salade Landaise: 2 stars. The salad and dressing were yummy together but the duck was prepared too salty. Filet Mignon with bone marrow: 4 stars. The meat was medium rare, tender, and warm except the outer pieces which was cooked past medium and was slightly burnt and crispy. The sauce, potatoes, and mushrooms complimented well though. The bone marrow was too oily.Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin: 3 stars. Tender and cooked perfectly, but didn't have any distinctive taste to it. It was okay.Cassoulet de Toulouse: 3 stars. It looked like a gumbo stew with a variety of meat thrown in together. It was definitely filling but it didn't look very appetizing. Neither was the taste. Chocolate cake: 2 stars. Worse cake I ever had. It had a bit of bitterness to it and I didn't like the rum raisin ice cream. Vanilla would have been a better choice.French toast: 4 stars. This was the best dish of the night. Although it is literally just toast, the sauce and ice cream complimented it very well. Creme Brulee: 3 stars. Did not have much taste. It was meh. Our server was kind and professional but slow in refilling bread and picking up dishes off our table. We were seated at 7:15 and did not leave until 9:00. Maybe that's just the pace of these wine and dine restaurants.I hate to compare, but I'm going to stick with Isa with a quicker pace and much better food.
I LOVE Chapeau!We came here for the early bird special, which includes 3 courses for the price of $40. Everything was tre excellente and I was very impressed with how a napkin was placed on my lap. The chef also came out to meet and greet. Oh-- and the French accents? Love.+ The bread came out toasted and warm so that my butter was a waterfall upon soft lands of carb. We were also provided with complementary cauliflower soups with a drizzle of truffle oil that was delightful. + Appetizers: If you're going for healthy, the Mesclun Salad has these delcious fresh grapes that are very complementary to the dish. It comes with 2 slices of their own walnut bread. OH and the fried cheese was amazing! The trio of salmon was light and fresh. I had the tomato soup, which was very comforting for a rainy day.+ Entrees: Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin cooked to medium rare. The apple- calvados sauce complemented the pork perfectly. Who doesn't like a hint of bacon on their food? I was happy to see it didn't overpower the pork. The gratin dauphinois and spinach was interesting because it was on the sweeter side. + Apparently the Skate Wing is a fish. It came with a brown butter sauce and fingerling potatoes, which tasted like a refined....french fry. The skate was great though, if slightly on the salty side. ++ Dessert: my friends, please please get the Crme Brle!!!! I also tried the profiteroles (like an ice cream sandwich) and the Nuage de Noix but the creme brulee is the BEST.Everything was wonderful, but my experience was slightly tainted by the waitress who refilled our water and gave us the wrong cups. She also gave me a look of obvious disdain when I asked to bring home the remaining bread. Dear waitress, if I ask to bring home the bread, please consider that a compliment to your chef!Bonus: They bring their checks in hats because "chapeau" means hat in french. Clever clever!
Good food good service.Had Lamb and The Filet with the chocolate Cake. Was sooo good.
It's been more than 6 months since my then fiance now my husband came here. We actually came here to celebrate our 8th anniversary, the last time we will celebrate as a non-married couple. The date was January 18, a Sunday. This was a second choice because I really wanted to go to Gary Danko, but we all that we should reserve ahead of time for that place. Came here and it was already crowded at 6pm. Crazy me, I guess it slipped my mind that it's Dine About Town around that time so maybe the crowd was a bit thicker.Ambiance was nice. Although the tables were pretty cramped as we were 2 feet away from the other patrons next to us. The noise was pretty high and it just wasn't romantic or cozy to me. I know it was a busy night because of the deal but eh. Service was decent. With the type of restaurant they try to be (hence my high expectations), I've had better. I just felt the servers were not as attentive as they should be, but yet again maybe coz it was a busy night?Food was good, but not great. My husband got the DAT menu and I got the 4 course prix fixed. I tried the foie gras and it was good. I guess I'm not really a fan of the texture, but I'd try it again somewhere else. I don't remember my dishes, but I know it was good. It just didn't wow me like what others have reviewed. Price was decent... at least $100 with the fixed menu and a cocktail.Now it took me a while to review this place because of 2 things. Good thing was that upon leaving, the chef was out there greeting folks. He gave me a French kiss, lol, the real (?) French kiss. My husband was able to dodge it and the chef caught that, hahah. The bad thing was the next day, I had food poisoning the whole day. Now I don't want to accuse this place because I did eat out during lunch time too, but I'm just not exactly sure what caused this. Would I recommend this? I don't know. I'll let folks read the reviews here. Maybe I just came the wrong time or what.
The first time I came here, my friend and I felt surprised. "What is this fancy French restaurant doing in the Richmond?"Secondly, how do they have such an amazing $28 early bird prix fixe? We definitely felt underdressed and a bit young for the 5:30 crowd. What can I say though - it's perfect - we both love to eat early and enjoy a great deal. The service and food was wonderful and generally what I expect from a nice French restaurant. But what keeps us coming back (besides the $28 price tag) is the french toast dessert. It's unbelievable and one of those things where I wonder - 'why haven't other places thought of this yet?!" It's a nice slice of french toast in a shallow pool of caramel with hazelnut ice cream on top. I'm pretty sure I "finger-licked" the bowl the first time we had it. And as always, you'll get a nice bisou from the chef on your way out!
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday.The waiters were friendly and the environment was very nice. The food are pretty good, However they are kind of over price.And the waiter forgot to give us the food we didnt finish.
****Hands down best dinner I've had in SF in months!****I highly recommend getting the 3 course meal that they offer. But as a warning although its a French restaurant their portions are anything but European. The portions for appetizers, dinner, and dessert are somewhat large, I barely caused a dent in my pate appetizer and dessert.I won't go into details about each and every dish but please please believe me when I say when I was walking out of the place I was already regretting I couldn't finish all of my food, it was beyond divine. The dishes are nothing like you've tasted before, the chef really does an incredible job. We were all smiling and so happy leaving the place, not just from the food but from the service as well.I went with a fairly large group (my family was visiting from out of town), we had lots of questions about the menu and we stayed for hours talking and drinking, but the restaurant wasn't the type to rush us out. In fact they were more than accommodating and very warm! That made us feel so comfortable and let us have one of those longs meals that we'll remember for some time :)The *only* tiniiii tineee issue I have is with the decor. It is very simple and boring. Plus some areas needed some paint and maybe something to block the view to the kitchen wouldn't hurt? But maybe boring is the point? To instead focus on the scrumptious food is perhaps what their objective is :)Other than that it is very romantic restaurant and I think a perfect place for a date.Enjoy!
My girlfriend and I came to this restaurant a few months ago, and had an amazing time! The setting:It is a medium sized restaurant. Very cozy and intimate. The interior is beautiful, seating comfortable. However, the bench tables were a bit cramped together. Service: We had an excellent waiter, complete with a french accent! The waitstaff was very attentive and they catered to all of our (limited) needs. But I am sure if we were needy, there would be no problems at all! We did, however have to move to another table because a bigger party came in suddenly, but the hostess was very apologetic and the rest of the night went without a hitch. We had the opportunity to meet and speak with the chef, who was extremely gracious, and he sent out a few tasty extras to us at no charge! It was awesome seeing him interact with customers, sharing wine and etc. Food (The Important stuff!): I LOVE French food, so I had high expectations. We both opted for the 3 course Prix Fixe. We started with couple of appetizers, the seared Foie Gras and Veal Sweetbreads. Both were delicious! The best Foie Gras I have had so far in the city. The same went for the sweetbreads. Very savory food! We were given a 3rd appetizer, the salmon chilled stuffed salmon. Honestly, it was good, but nothing spectacular. For our entrees, she had the Filet Mignon and I had Sea Bass. The entrees were great, but we both agreed the appetizers more or less made the experience.For our desserts, we shared the Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake and Nuage de Noix, both of which were excellent! And again, the Chef surprised us with the equally excellent Profiteroles!Overall: It was definitely an excellent dinner, and we will definitely come back. It is not pretentious, and a very relaxed setting for a romantic dinner! I highly recommend coming here. (And try the foie gras before it is ILLEGAL in California). Our Bill: $110 without wine.Au Revoir Chapeau!
My friends have been raving about how great this place is and though I thought it was underwhelming the first time I decided to give it another try and I am still very underwhelmed. Decided to get the Early Bird Prix Fixe since last time I ordered a la carte off the normal menu and it wasn't all that and a bag of chips. The Early Bird Prix Fixe came with an appetizer, entree and dessert for $29.50. Amuse Bouche. Salmon Tartare Crostini. This was nommy, I liked the addition of the chives and garlic. So delish. Bread and Butter. Their bread was delish, but I wish they'd warmed up the butter to room temperature at least. Super difficult to spread and I was starving!Escargots de Bourgogne. In Butter, Parsley and Garlic. This was alright, not particularly memorable aside from the fact that it was overly salty. I've definitely had better elsewhere.Salmon Roulade. Stuffed with Scallops and Petrale Sole, Duelle of Mushroom and Spinach Mousse, Basil Coulis and Pommes Gaufrettes. My friend ordered this but I had a taste of it. Not particularly memorable either, reminded me of a sandwich wrap but with overly salty seafood instead. The spinach and chips were yummy, but how could you go wrong with those?Prince Edward Island Mussels. Steamed with White Wine, Shallot and Parsley, served with a side of Pommes Frites and Rouille. The toasted garlic bread was nommy. So were the mussels, aside from one that tasted like it had died in its shell (ew). But aside from that one exception, these were pretty good, fresh and tasty. But as far as mussels go, this definitely wasn't anything spectacular or out of the ordinary, since I've had similar at other French restaurants in the city.Pommes Frites Side. These fries were pretty damn good. I wasn't a major fan of the sauce just because of how thick and fatty it was, but I did have some and it was nommy too. Well fried fries indeed. Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin. With Parsnip Puree, Braised Swisschard, and Apple-Calvados Sauce. Cooked to Medium. My friend ordered this but I had a taste. The pork was nice and tender. But both my friend and I were not fans of the puree. I couldn't even tell it was parsnip, I actually thought it was something similar to polenta but not. It didn't taste like polenta because it was more green but it had the texture of it. French Toast. With Soft Caramel and Hazelnut Ice Cream. This was yummy, lucky for Chapeau they ended my meal well. It was a little on the watery side, but fortunately for me since I like my french toast on the soft side. It was just the right amount of sweetness and I loved the french toast with the ice cream together. So delish!!Nuage de Noix. With Roasted Pistachios, Almonds and Hazelnuts with a Frozen Chantilly and Italian Meringue in an Orange Soup. My friend ordered this. I loved the orange soup and the Italian meringue, it was super creamy. But I didn't like the nut "cookie," I thought it was too thick to go with such a light dessert. It maybe have worked better if it was reversed on the bottom as a crust rather than a topping because as a topping it was definitely too thick and coarse. Overall, the food was just okay and their service left something to be desired so I still don't understand why my friends rave about it. Service was really lacking for our table and it was obvious because our server was definitely more attentive to his other tables. And the restaurant wasn't super busy, it was not even half full. I'm guessing it was because my friend and I were the youngest people in the room, but even then that's not an excuse for poor service. If a not-so-great tip is what you're asking for, a not-so-great tip is what you'll get!Would have given them 3 stars for okay food, but -1 star for bad service.Gave them a second chance and I think I'm done giving them chances.
DELICIOUS. EXCELLENT. FANTASTIC. AMAZINGI do not even know where to begin with this place. Located on Clement street, one would not think such a marvelous place would exist in the Richmond, let alone a 5 star restaurant. Got reservations the day off and were immediately seated upon entry. The service was some of, if not the best, service I've ever had, ANYWHERE. Our waiter knew exactly what we should get when we asked for his recommendations. My friend had the foie gras as her appetizer so he suggested the skate wing as her entree. Suffice to say, both were ridiculously good. The foie gras melted in your mouth and the sauce on the fish was simply wonderful, so we ordered more bread for dipping! I had the escargots to start and the filet mignon for entree. The snails were tasty, full of garlic and spinach.....but I must say that I have had better. The filet mignon was perfectly medium rare. For dessert, I got the french toast because our waiter said it's the best french toast in the city. I'm pretty sure he was right. My friend had the proliferates. The chocolate on that thing is to die for. My friend who went here on a separate occasion told me of a time when he went here with reservations and they gave his table able. The chef came out and personally apologized. He also threw in two free appetizers and two free entrees!!! This is one place that knows the value of customers.Overall, you can't go wrong with this place. It makes for a great date spot and you can be sure everything is delightful.
Had date night here with the boo thang last year and I wasn't a fellow yelper yet so I wasn't able to review it.From what I remember it's a cute little restaurant with terrible parking lol. The food was really good and our waiter was an absolute sweet heart. He had an awesome sense of humor too.I got a little show during dinner too. There was a couple sitting next to us...they were totally arguing. I didn't notice till the end of dinner since I was having such a good time. But it was hil-ar-i-ous.
I almost felt bad that we were dressed so casually from a post-museum trip and were just eating for the sake of eating rather than celebrating some romantic occasion. Whether trying to impress your date or just looking for a non-Asian food option, this place won't disappoint. Everyone seems to be steered towards the prix fixe options, which can make a long meal, but it's worth it for some old school French charm.Cauliflower Soup: Anything with cream and truffle oil is a win for me. This also had a really potent cauliflower taste, not mellowed out like many other overly cooked cream soups. I appreciated that it was a free taste in the espresso cup, but it wasn't pungent enough to be a true palate opener.Cheese Napoleon: There was a lot going on in this dish! They could have been more heavy on the goat cheese, but I did enjoy all the various tastes and textures. The eggplant pearls added a good smoky layer, but I wasn't a fan of its typical soggy texture amongst the firm, flaky and pasty layers.Trio of Salmon: A salmon lover's dream, but too fishy for me. I enjoy salmon tartare, lox and salmon roe individually when paired against some starch/crunch and possibly cream. Paired against each other put me in fish overload. I ended up deconstructing small bites and pairing with the tiny bubbles of scrambled egg.Foie gras: Appetizer WIN! Two huge portions of perfectly seared fatty liver oozing with complex flavor. The bread base was too dense for my liking, almost like a muffin. Would have preferred a fluffy brioche. The pear fruit pairing was forgettable, thank goodness the foie gras was a star by itself!Bouillabaisse: The accoutrements impressed me more than the fish soup, which was great anyway. I received three separate containers from which I could assemble a toasted crostini with a creamy spread and top with grated cheese. I then lowered the crostini into the soup to soak up the broth and it was magical! The broth was rich with spices, tomato and the sea but not too fishy. The shellfish was sparse with only a few clams and mussels while the three types of fish filet were overloaded. Two of the fish filets were awesome, but the third was kind of rubbery.Cassoulet de Toulouse: How can you go wrong with duck confit, sausage and cannellini beans? Each item was great individually. Together they were nice, but I didn't sense that the beans really absorbed the animal fat enough and could have been richer.Scallops Taste: I'm so glad they cooked their one large scallop properly. The outsides were seared and crispy while the inside was moist and not too firm. Cooking large scallops properly really is an art and they succeeded. The pesto risotto was nice for novelty's sake since I've never had the two together and it tasted great balancing creamy and herbal perfectly. The tomato chunks on top were firm and rich, like a non-dried version of sun dried tomatoes.Crme Brle: Standard. I've had better, but also had worse.Floating Island: This looked like a Lady Gaga stage act. A huge sugary dome that was like playground monkey bars on top of a large marshmallow looking meringue and floating in a moat of sweet cream. The meringue was unique since it was a lot denser than the fluffier versions I've had on top of pies. It was pure white, not touched by a torch. After the initial presentation shock and first few novel bites, it got a little tedious. The sugar sculpture got sticky on my teeth and the rest went into sugar/cream/egg white excess.
It has been a 3 months since we ate at Chapeau! but my wife and I keep talking about it. So my review reflects our experience but is hazy on the details. Really excellent all round experience. We had a reservation but when we arrived 10 minutes early, there was a long line waiting to get into a really packed, small restaurant. But we were spotted, greeted and seated in less than 10 mins! An elderly gentleman warmly welcomed us (we learned only later that he is the owner/chef). The service at the table was great - our waiter was not overly intrusive, did not have fake cheer but was friendly and attentive in the most natural way. The tables were arranged very close to each other but it did not bother us - in fact it made for an intimate, cozy dining experience. The food was excellent. My wife and I are not experts on French food and so cannot vouch for authenticity but the range of flavors, textures and refinement was fantastic. From appetizer through the dessert, each course was well crafted and we talk about going back even today - 3 months after the event. My wife is vegetarian, and her experience with French food has usually been underwhelming but not at Chapeau! The menu is priced reasonably for the excellent quality of food. We were told the menu keeps changing every few months - we definitely hope to make this a regular fixture for us.
So the bad news is that it's exceedingly difficult to find parking in this neighborhood. The good news is that the maitre d' totally rocks and agreed to move the sign in front of the restaurant out of the way so I could park in the best spot possible. Epic win for us, even if it was proceeded by 5-10 minutes worth of grumbling and foul words while scouring the surrounding blocks for a spot! They were also kind enough to hold our table 15 minutes, which is really an exceptional amount of time (given most places will be quite eager to give your seat up. Service was good, if not exactly warm. My experience has generally been that SF restaurants tend to be friendlier, but this definitely had the feel and vibe of an upscale place in Manhattan.As for the food - I wavered between 4 and 5 stars because all of it was delicious, but nothing (outside of the dessert) really blew me away or was uniquely special. The amuse bouche was a well-prepared cauliflower soup - not totally plain, but not too salty that the simple nature of the soup was overrun. As others have said, the foie gras (which was a special) was delicious and absolutely delectable; I was also very pleased with the trio of salmon - you definitely got the different types of salmon in the dish, and the sides added nice pockets of flavor to it. The entrees were fairly standard; my fiancee had the lamb chop, which was very good but not exceedingly remarkable, while I had the filet mignon with the bone marrow addition. The filet was cooked just right, although, in true French style, they put a little bit more sauce on it than I would have preferred. The bone marrow was pure fatty heaven, though, and was great on the fresh bread that was served before the meal. The seafood of the day was a pan-seared scallop with risotto and lobster sauce. Not the best risotto I've had, nor the best scallop, but both were done above average. By this point, we were pretty stuffed and decided to pass on some of the more aggressive dessert choices (like the chocolate cake, which read deliciously) and stuck with the trio of sorbets and the French toast. The sorbets were all fresh and a good diverse selection, but the French toast was the highlight for me - it's drizzled with caramel and is paired with a rich hazelnut ice cream. I'm a huge fan of French toast to begin with, but I've had a lot of variants as of late, and I really like what they did with it for dessert.All in all, the meal was fantastic. I really liked the appetizers and the desserts, but I think the middle 2 portions of our 4-course meal could have been slightly stronger. That said, for the price - $46 is very fair given the quantity and quality of food - I would definitely come back here for dinner again. And if you're having any trouble, the maitre d' on Saturday nights is your man.
The guy at the table next to us leans over and tells us "I'm only one season 1.5 of Breaking Bad, could you guys stop giving spoilers...?" We did refrain from talking more about it, although I wanted to tell him "Then stop listening in on our conversations"OK, back on topic, I had a huge confusion about this restaurant because my buddy forgot to tell me there was a day change for the reservations. He only advised me about the time change...big whoops on his part, so I originally showed up to this restaurant a day early. But after everything had been sorted out, I came back the following day (at the right time) to this wonderful restaurant. Seating is "intimate," rather awkward since I think most people at the restaurants were on dates. This was on my buddy's "to try list" since he lived a few blocks away, but seating wasn't super crowded and although the restaurant was pretty full, it wasn't loud or noisy. Unless we were too noisy, who knows?Service was pretty nice. We were seated by a lovely hostess, our waiter had a nice thick accent (I assume was French accent) and recited the specials for the night, and our orders were taken by the friendly manager/owner who recommended a very nice bottle of wine that paired very well with our dinners. Surprisingly she did not point out more expensive bottle, but an affordable French wine that paired with my pork tenderloin and my friends duck.We did our dine about town menu, I'll recant what I ordered and a tidbit about each item.Started with: Asparagus soup - delicious, we spent a few minutes trying to figure out if there was something else in the soup as the base.Appetizers: Trio of Salmon - Salmon tartar wrapped by salmon topped with some salmon roe.  The roe I didn't like, but it wasn't to my liking, I typically do not like roe. Besides that the dish was good, everything edible and couldn't keep my friend from trying to steal my appetizer.Entree: Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin - Bacon wrapped most things is delicious. At the time this was first brought out, the lighting was dim and I could not see the one strip of bacon that wrapped the whole thing. So I had a slightly crunchy surprise when I bit into it. needless to say the sauce was very enticing and I kept wanting to dip bread into it to finish the whole plate.Dessert: Tarte du jour: Lemon tart, just simply good, I wish I could have had the whole pie. I'm sure I could eat the whole thing in one seating.Definitely will try this again, maybe drag my siblings here on a visit...assuming they're willing to drive back into SF, which in itself, a chore.A small little tidbit that I did like at the end of the meal, the bill came in a hat (haha Chapeau). Clever, very clever.
(See pics)We were planning on coming here for the prix fixe but upon calling for a reservation we found they have an early bird (before 6pm) for 26 dollars!!!!!It has a very unassuming outside that you could so easily miss it if not paying attention!All simple and elegant looking dishes but as my date desribed they're very very complex and many times impossible to try to make them at home. I guess it's more like trying to decipher how they make it, thus it's called cuisine-- that you can taste every note of the music like a symphony, yet impossible to make one yourself other than enjoying it being performed by the professionals.We ordered the foie gras as an appeitizer (not on the menu but you just have to ask.) It was beautiful, melt in your mouth, soft, tender and decadent. An impressive start of the evening. They have great half glass wine for small pairings which is great. They also have $15 cockage fee which is fantastic to bring your own wine. This is important if you know what kind of food you will be having and what wine will go well with it.Appetizer: The escagots were creatively done without the shells and on a rosemary skew, beautiful and very delicious! The different styles of salmon gave you layers of surprises.Main course: The duck breast was so tender but also very rich that you would rediscover the taste of duck. The cassoulet with duck confit and lamb shoulder were heavy, wow factor with high temperature cooking still while you are enjoying it.Dessert: The red wine soup and the fruits desserts were both wonderful and completed a fantastic dinner.I do like the "crowded" environment that the tables are very close to each other. It makes everyone chat in a lower tone, and more enjoy the unspoken moments while consumed into each other's presence. Tables are small but it creates the intimacy, you can even hold each other's hands on or under the table!Service was very good, though it's very busy and at times there's a small wait, but it also creates the relaxing and no-rush feeling.
Should have written a review for this place ages ago. To sum it up: charming and delish!!Also like that they have a fixed price/early bird menu selection. Highly recommended!
I wanted to try this place so badly that I booked my own birthday reservations at this place a month in advance. And it was worth it!The moment we arrived, we were greeted by who I believe is the owner. He immediately showed us to our table. They brought out the waters and as we browsed the menus, our waiter rattled off the specials. We already had a pretty good idea of what we wanted, so we put in our orders right away. My boyfriend got the early bird 3-course menu (if you order between 3 and 6 PM I think) consisting of cauliflower soup, bacon-wrapped tenderloin, and the creme brulee. I got the normal 3-course prix fixe menu consisting of French onion soup, filet mignon, and the French toast. We received an appetizer that was compliments of the chef (I can't remember the French term for it) that was two pieces of bread with some eggplant concoction on top (I know that's not a very classy description, but it's the best I can think of for now), which was pretty tasty. Our soups came out, which were both delicious!! His cauliflower soup was light and creamy at the same time, and my onion soup sweet and had generous amounts of cheese and bread. Our entrees were also amazing. My filet was cooked exactly medium rare, which is not always the case when eating steak at a restaurant. My boyfriend's pork tenderloin was cooked perfectly, and was tender and not dry at all. He was so pleased with it, he spent a good part of the evening trying to figure out how they cooked it so beautifully! Even though I was about to explode from the amount of food I ingested, I somehow made room for my French toast with hazelnut ice cream, which was heaven. It got a bit soggy at the end, and my stomach was about to burst, so I didn't quite finish. The creme brulee was yummy, as have all creme brulees I've had.The bill comes out in a hat, which I thought was adorable. While walking out, we ran into the owner again and he insisted on giving me European-style kisses and shook my boyfriend's hand, and told us to come back soon. And when we save enough money to do so, we absolutely will!
9pm and hungry. Cruising through Inner Richmond then stumbled upon this neighborhood gem.First Impression: Awkward entrance! Couldn't find the darn opening to get past the curtains!Ambiance: Personal, intimate, romantic, cozy and warm. My only caveat is the lack of space and privacy between tables.Service: Initially, the service seemed a little unorganized but as the night went on, they definitely picked it up with lots of smiles and occasional check ups.Food: Grilled Escargot: Succulent! Removed from it's shell and skewed on a rosemary stem over a bed of thinly sliced roasted potatoes, topped with a very creamy butter sauce. Trio of Salmon: Salmon tartar wrapped with Gravlax salmon, creme fraiche, capers and eggs. Simple dish, but oh-so- good!Scallop and pesto risotto with lobster sauce: I hope they add this dish on to their regular menu. Def the winning dish of the night. Seared Black Cod & Rack of Lam: These two dishes were OK. Didn't wow me.Dessert: Vanilla bean Creme Brulee. Super yummy and generous portions!
I had my 3 year anniversary at this place. The ambient is nice. the chef came out to say hi to each guests. I still like the food in Chez Panize in Berkeley. I will come back again for the dine about town event.
Actually i've been here a few times already, I don't know why I haven't written them a review!! I've been to Chapeau before they moved to the new location and the food is consistently good! the only down-fall recently (June 2012) one of the servers, he was not very attentive. Maybe they need to hire an extra server, because they are just getting super busy! And the Chef ,he use to come by to the tables and say Hi as courtesy and this time I felt like he doesn't do that to all his tables...maybe too busy in the kitchen. Regardless, FOOD is TOO GOOD. I loved loved the seared foie gras it was just AMAZINGLY good. I use to love getting their escargots and oysters for appetizers because they were good, but I went for the foie gras, since they are banning it soon!!I always get the prince mussels with frites. They are delicious!! One time, I decided to take the offer of scallops over risotto and the scallops was cooked so perfectly I devour it quickly. The boy ordered the rabbit+lamb for his entree and he loved it. I am not a big fan of lamb so I didn't try it. I guess they have a new dessert? This time I had the French toast, and at the end of dinner, I was wondering whereeee this dessert was when I came the other two-three times!!! Mama mia! But yes, Chapeau is the go-to French restaurant in the city! Reasonably pre-fixe menu and a lot to offer!
My girlfriend took me here for my birthday; and the food was quite good.I liked their menu construction, with two mix-and-match tasting menu options (both of which included desserts), and then a full pre-construction chef's menu.The service was good. Some items took a little longer than expected to come out; not enough of a delay to be distracting, though.As far as the food, the duck confit salad and scallop on a bed of pesto rissoto were the standouts, in my opinion. I slightly regretted my entree choice of the Cassoulet Tolouise. It had a few too many cannelini beans (everything up until this dish was so good I wanted to lick my plate clean), and the sausage was a bit dry. I didn't even come close to finishing it.The desserts were quite good, profiteroles were excellent, my apple tart was very flavorful, but i wish the pastry crust was a little more crisp/crumbly.
almost perfect, but almost doesn't count :(the food is incredible. i highly recommend it. this review however also includes a sad note about the service in the end.the chef is amazing. he greets you at the door. bonsior! it sets the tone of the evening - preparing your pallet for the french feast ahead. We decided on having a 3 course meal- then decided we wanted to share Oysters on a half shell first :)6x Oyster On The Half Shell red wine vinegar mignonette-they were a bit small but sweet. wish they were bigger for the price.bottle of gewurztraminer with the meal. my favorite. she let me choose the wine, even though it was her birthday.Menu 1- three courses:AppetizersShe- fioe gras *special that evening-excellently executed where all ingredients on the plate come together for a delicious bite. it will be illegal in san francisco soon so i guess enjoy it while it lasts.I- Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic -my french guilty pleasure. i don't have it that often however i gotta have it every time i see it on the menu. these did not disappoint.EntreesShe- Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads king trumpet & oyster mushrooms, baby carrots & turnips, truffle sauce, fried leeks, white truffle oil-delicious, earthy, delicious, did i say delicious already? :)I- rack of lamb with ratatouille *special that evening-WOW! just like the name of the restaurant or i guess CHAPEAU!DessertsShe-Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake banana flambe & rum-raisin ice cream, caramel sauce-the warm chocolate ooze and cold ice cream leaves your mouth deliciously confusedI- Baked Alaska. On the menu at restaurant but not on the website.-sweet merengue, a little too sweet for my savory taste buds. the candied almonds was just the knocked out punch for poor lil ol me.*SADLY- i'm just a little saddened for a couple of reasons. it was suppose to be a special occasion. it was my girlfriend's birthday, it was also our last dinner together before she moves for work to new york. i wanted to do something special so i asked the restaurant to write happy birthday or bon voyage on the dessert. i confirmed our reservation, and they said they saw that note and will try their best. i was really disappointed to see that they didn't even put a candle on her cake :( they also forgot to wrap my rack of lamb. i had to ask about it. i didn't know how they could possibly find it because they cleared our entrees a while ago. it was nice though that they wrapped me another serving lamb to go. how did i know it was different? well they packed a neat set of ratatouille and gave me more pieces of lamb.as the kitchen scrambled... i literally stopped before signing the check in front of me. it's saving grace- the chef who met us at the door to start the evening, he happily took pictures of my partner and i. he even posed for a few shots as well.until next time,cheers
pretty good food! i was stuffffeddd... we had the prix fixed menu. Wine was good. Service was really good. Decently priced
I came here with my bf and my mom for my moms birthday. We made a reservation at 8pm two months ago, so we were seated right away. After we were seated, it took the waiter half an hour before taking orders for us. I know this is a nice French restaurant and it's going to take some times for the whole dinner. However, I feel like we were being ignored was a totally different story. During that half an hour wait time, our waiter had never checked on us once. The service is pretty bad in a pricey restaurant like this. I think what makes people coming back is mainly their food. Both my mom and my bf had the 4 course menu and I had the 3 course menu:For my mom:Appetizer: Foie Gras: 5 stars (+$6 on the menus)Tasting fish: scallop on pesto risotto and lobster bisque: 5 starsEntrees: Filet Mignon: 4.5 stars (+6 on the menus)Dessert: Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake: 4 starsFor my bf: Appetizer: Foie GrasTasting Fish: scallop on pesto risotto and lobster bisqueEntrees: Rabbit leg: 4.5 stars (had a very big portion)Dessert: Baked Alaska: 3.5 stars (my bf said there weren't enough ice cream in it)1 cup of 2003 Taylor Fladgate and 1 cup of cappuccino (both of them are decent)For myself: Appetizer: Trio of Salmon: 5 starsEntrees: Alaskan Halibut: 2.5 stars (just fish on top of broth, wasn't as special as other entrees, won't order again for sure)Dessert: French toast with hazelnut ice cream: 4 starsThe bill for 3 of us is $240 including tips. If just counting the foods alone, this restaurant is one of the best places I have had so far and it should definitely get a 5 stars. But counting the service together, I'll give it a 4 stars. Roy's is in the similar price range and their service is way better. I'll probably come back occasionally and hopefully I will have better luck on the service.
If it weren't for the all asian staff -- you'd forget you were in Inner Richmond on Clement. Came here with the boyfriend on date night and had a wonderful time. Ambience, service, and food were all solid 4 stars.Hostess sat me down immediately, and despite the close quarters, got us a nice booth table. The fixed menus are definitely the wayu to go: $38 for choice of Appetizer, entre, and dessert.Between the two of us we chose:--Escargot - 6, served pre-shelled, in parsley and garlic. Not much to much on and sauce overwhelmed any true escargot flavor, but was a great sauce for dipping bread. --Salade Landaise (duck salad) tasty and good sized. Slightly too much vinaigrette but chunks of duck meat were great.--Filet Mignon --- SO GOOD. Cook perfectly and melts in your mouth. For a non steak place I was very impressed! Topped with oyster mushrooms ...mMm...my mouth is watering.--Black Cod over beef cheek (special?) -- Filet was still better, but this was good too. Fish had skin on and seared, which I liked. Beef cheek was basically a small bed of shredded brisket. All was over a bed of mash potatoes with some garbonzo beans in it. Tasty.--Baked Alaska -- I didnt get to taste it, but it looked good (see pic). Some kind of cake topped in an igloo of meringue :).--Warm Chocolate Cake -- you can't really screw this one up. Tasty.Reasonable prices -- well worth it. Snapple fact: "Chapeau!" without the "!" means "hat". Chapeu off to you, Chapeau! :P
My first review...finally!Had an early birthday dinner here with two of my fave gal pals. First impression - way too dim lighting! We all had this yellow-ish hue that was not flattering for the Asians in my party (2.5 of us, mind you). Decor was cute and classy.The early bird prix-fixe special is such a good deal! I got the salmon trio, wild skate wing, and creme brulee. Got my omega-3 serving for the day with the delicious salmon trio dish. It came with some kind of egg mimosa...whatever that means. The wild skate was cooked perfectly -- not rubbery or overcooked, but got a little salty towards the end. The dish did not come out as hot as I would've liked, but it was still very enjoyable. The fingerling potatoes and the little croutons added a pleasant change of texture and flavor.Now the real showstopper, the CREME BRULEE. Oh my. If it weren't for the fact that I had to maintain self-composure, I would've licked every morsel of vanilla-y goodness right off the plate.Staff was very attentive. Water cup was never empty. However, one of the servers did mix up our cups. That's no fun when there's a sickie in the group.Also, the check came in a cute little animal-print cowboy hat. Because apparently, "chapeau!" without the "!" just means hat. But the "!" magically transforms "hat" into "wow!". Oh you French people and your use of exclamation points. ;)
This is my favorite French place in the city! I randomly discovered this gem when a friend came into town and was hunkering for some French. Now I try to find any excuse to go back to this place.Everything I've had is amazing. I can definitely recommend the foie gras, the chocolate cake, pan seared duck, and bone marrow. Prix-fix dinner is totally affordable and worth it. Love the service and love the head chef Phillipe so much! He is the most adorable chef ever and is so charismatic. Go experience the wonder of Chapeau and never look back.
My husband and I rated this our favorite restaurant...food, service, ambiance. Very romantic, warm and lovely.The owner was also charming and genuinely cared what we thought of the restaurant.
Look, this place has some 1000+ reviews and the only reason it's not 5 stars is because no restaurant is all that great. BUT I shall give you some tips to make your experience better. 1) Reservations are a must, just do it, people who walk in get low priority and honestly this place was packed on a Wednesday night, expect it to be full up.2) Expect to be a while, you're getting a 3-4 course meal and expect each section to take about an 30-45 minutes. Come with company who you want to talk to! The service does take a while but that's just how they operate. We got around in 8:30 and we left around 11, about 2.5 hours for our 4 course meal. There was a decent wait between every course and honestly I'm kinda happy it was.3) Come on an empty stomach but don't fill up on the bread4) Escargot is fancy, but not that delicious. It tastes more like the flavoring around it than any unique taste to snails. I know, French restaurant, gotta have it? Nah, just skip it! 5) Keep the bread around to soak up broths/gravies/juices, don't eat it with the butter or else you're stomach will fill up.6) Prepare for post dinner food coma if you order a 3 course meal.
I typically don't like french food but holy hell this place was amazing. To begin, Chef Phillipe greeted my friend and I as soon as we sat down which I thought was a big kuddos on his part because it made the whole experience extra personal and I knew we would be off to a good start. Our waiter patiently dealt with my friend and I as we were confused what to order and went through each dish with us. Keep in mind that there is a "special" menu which you need to ask for which included the Foie Gras. And I must say, it was probably the BEST Foie Gras I've ever had. Unfortunately, California just passed a law banning Foie Gras so i'm glad I had the last bit of Foie Gras before it's gone forever. :( RIP Foie Gras you will surely be missed. As an entree I ordered the Filet Mignon which was executed very well. The filet was perfectly cooked and it looked fabulous on the plate as well. We cleaned out our plates so we were too full for dessert but as we were leaving the chef greeted us again and thanked us for coming. I will definitely be returning!
Food: 5/5 - Though I don't dine at a ton of true French places, nor have I been to France, this certainly tasted and felt as authentic as it gets. From the waitstaff, to the menu, and of course the dishes. And moreover, I think the food was prepared so well that even though I typically won't order chicken (unless fried) the Petit Poussin was very memorable for flavor and preparation. Since I went with a group, I also sampled other dishes, all of which were good. Bottom line, French or not - the food here was stand-out.Service: 4/5 - The wait staff was very French, which I felt added to the authenticity of the experience. They were nice and on stayed top of things.Ambiance: 4/5 - It's relatively quiet, but a relatively simple space and can be slightly on the tight side. Because of the open layout and simple table setup, you end up pretty close to other diners. But it still has a fine dining feel inside the restaurant, despite it's location.Value: 5/5 - I'm basing this off of the prix fixe ($38 for 3 course), but in general I'd say that the entrees being primarily in the low to mid $20s is very reasonable. You can tell that it's more than just a fancy cut of meat/fish/poultry - the preparation and attention to flavors here is above and beyond many "fine dining" establishments in SF.
Night off = dinner out! Had the 3-course menu consisting of Salmon Trio (app), Cassoulet de Toulouse (entree) and Tahitian Vanilla Creme Brulee. The app had salmon gravalax, tartar and caviar with boiled egg and fried capers. I can't stand capers...the dish was outstanding.The cassoulet contained braised lamb shoulder, duck leg confit, Toulouse sausage and canelli beans. Cooked and seasoned to perfection! Outstanding all the way around, and I would certainly not hesitate to order this again. So much food I couldn't finish it.The dessert was also on point, as you probably would have predicted by now. I was full by the time it arrived but it was so delicious that I stopped only after realizing there was no more!Service was 4/5 stars, polite verging on friendly. The chef came out and thanked us for dining with him earlier on in the evening. Place was packed. Noise level a bit louder than "romantic", but tolerable. You know how there's always someone in the room that feels the need to be heard above everyone else, eh?All in all, a very solid 4-4.25 star experience receives the 5th star for being such a bang for the buck. One of the best deals in town!Parking blows, bring your lucky parking troll and start rubbing its belly when you are in the vicinity.You can probably find me here one Monday a month from now on until further notice!!!
LOVED IT! I had heard and ready many reviews on this place so I did come with expectations and Chapeau! delivered!! We shared:- Oyster on the Half Shell- Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic- Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads: King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Baby Carrots & Turnips, Truffle Sauce, Fried Leeks, White Truffle Oil.- Louisiana Gulf Wild Flounder, Mashed Potatoes, Braised Leeks, P.E.I. Mussels & Manila Clams, Asparagus en Tranches, Mussels-Saffron SauceI've never had Sweetbreads before and wasnt' sure if I'd be my thing but they were prepared perfectly.The service is really incredible as well. The Chef came out and visited every table! Now that's service.
Service was prompt and all of the servers were very friendly.There was about 10 minutes wait, so we sat at the bar for some wine.They had a pretty good wine list.The chef was going around his restaurant to greet his customers while we were at the bar, and I thought that was really cool.We ordered Salade Landaise and Trio of Salmon for appetizer, Pan Seared Duck Breast and Filet Mignon for entree, and Nuage de Noix (variety of nuts in frozen chantilly & italian meringue) and Warm Chocolate Cake for dessert.When we get course menus, there are normally one or two dishes that stand out, but at chapeau, all of each dishes were very flavorful and memorable! (I was especially surprised with their filet mignon, since I didn't expect the meat to be such good quality for it not being a steakhouse)We talked about their food for the rest of the night!Oh, and I also love how they're not located right in the middle of the city. It was very easy to find parking.I would love to go back some time soon to try other foods on their menu =)thank you chapeau!
F me for not living in SF. All the positive things the other wrote cut & paste into this review. Our waiter (older Asian guy), was the best ever! Desserts here are ridiculously fantastic. There is a specific way to combine them and eat them. This waiter may fill you in on the secret. It pisses me off that I can't eat here every day.
Came here for my Birthday dinner earlier this month with the Girlfriend.I've spent a lot of time in San Francisco looking for a good steak. Everything about this meal was fantastic, but the Filet Mignon was the best I've had in the city. Meals are not just about the food, they're about the experience. I felt like there was no better place to be while I was there, and I look forward to coming back again and again.Simply a magnificent restaurant with impeccable service and delicious food.
There's not much I can say about Chapeau! that has not already been said: The food is amazing, the chef is a jolly and personable fella, the decor is simple and intimate, & the service is impeccable. One foot in the door and everything about this place Chapeau'd! the pants right off of me. Also...because one of the servers walked by with a bowl of French onion soup and I took a quick whiff as my eyes rolled to the back of my head. Oh my goodness...Greeted by Chef Philippe himself with open arms and welcoming kisses on the cheek, he personally walked us to our table and explained the specials of the evening.I thought I had my heart set on the onion soup after being teased at the entrance, but once Chef mentioned "pan seared foie gras", I knew I had a dilemma. Was there a way to order both? Sure, why not. However, I don't think I would have been able to stomach that many courses in one sitting. So, foie gras it was, and boy am I glad I stuck with my instincts. Probably one of THE BEST foie gras I've ever had in my life. A little bit of fattened goose liver, a bite of buttery brioche, and an apple slice smothered in caramel cider sauce all on the tip of my fork tasted like heaven. The soft creamy texture of the foie gras balanced well with the crisp apple slices and the sweetness from the sauce depleted the gaminess. I only wish there was a larger cube of brioche so that every bite consisted of the perfect amount of each ingredient on this dish. Highly recommended to anyone who dines here. If you want to venture out to something less organy and more Frenchy, the escargots in garlic butter are divine!Fish taster of the day for our 4-course meal was a pan seared diver scallop atop a bed of pesto risotto swimming in lobster cream sauce. This was the perfect portion to keep us satisfied and craving more in between our appetizer and main course. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the risotto was doused with plenty of flavor. I didn't mind the harder grains of rice in the risotto than what I'm used to, mainly because the creaminess of the lobster sauce was able to smooth it out. For my main course, I was torn between the porcini crusted veal sweetbreads and the Maple Farms duck breast with duck leg confit. Since my dearest cousin has never tasted sweetbreads, I went with the alternative so she could have a try. The duck breast was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and the skin coated with a sweet citrus glaze. The bok choy was a bit out of place for this dish, but the polenta was a great side. Although the duck was superb, the veal sweetbreads totally won me over. In my next visit, I definitely plan to conquer a plate of sweetbreads on my own. Ended the meal with the French toast and hazelnut ice cream. Breakfast for dessert never tasted so good. The hazelnut ice cream was a delightful complement to the French toast, but pairing it with the rum raisin flavor from my cousin's chocolate cake was a better choice. The best part about this meal was that every single dish came out of the kitchen piping hot. I couldn't believe the tab when it arrived in a cute little velvet top-hat. 2 glasses of wine/champagne, 2 4-course meals (including a $6 supplement for the foie gras), tip, & tax and the grand total was only $150!! I'm already finding excuses to come back for more. Chapeau! is truly affordable fine dining at it's best.
This place is amazing. Warning, you will be kissed on the cheek by a very friendly French guy when you leave the restaurant. I recommend the trio of salmon, poussin, seared duck, and nuage de noix. Everything is perfectly prepared and these waiters know the menu. Extensive wine list with great selection. One of my fave restaurants in all of SF!
Excellent customer service! Very reasonable portion size. And they served the best creme brle I've had so far
This place currently has 1,369 reviews. Yelp cliche: "What can I say that hasn't already been said?" I try to avoid cliche's, but here I couldn't resist. We were seated very promptly. Service was very friendly. My BF started out with a cocktail (I didn't know they had a full bar here!). The owner came over and said hello, shook hands, and chatted with us a bit. He was super nice. I had the trio of salmon for an appetizer and it was delicious. If you love salmon, definitely get this. I had the filet mignon with mushrooms for my entree and almost fell out of my chair. It was heaven in my mouth. Who is Heaven you ask? Don't be a perv! I like my meat medium rare and it came out perrrrrrfect! I saw some dude reviewing below that was all mad about the state of his filet mignon and pretty much everything else. I just have to say that everything about my food was perfect, so yeah. And my BF's food was perfect too. He loved everything. We walked out of there feeling like we got a hell of a deal for the amount of food, wine and quality we got. I can't wait to go back.
We've been at Chapeau several times and always had a positive dining experience.This time the food was great but service was not. Perhaps a server or bartender was missing, but we had very long waits between courses. My wife and I had to search for our server when we wanted our dessert and later for the bill. It was frustrating dining experience.Four stars for our meal, two stars for our service.
I have been going to Chapeau ever since it opened , many years ago?The food,quality and service never fails to impress and Phillipe and his team are always the most gracious of hosts .
One of the best meals I've ever got. Not just on the city, but even when I traveled to other places (that include the foodie countries of France and Spain).The foie gras was the best I've ever tasted. Sad or pathetic, depend on how sarcastic you are, but even when I was in France for 1 1/2 months, I wasn't hooked by foie gras. Maybe I just had a bad luck. But anyhow, found an awesome foie gras within muni distance on the city that I've lived for years!!I got a great stingray with quite an interesting and different texture from my usual fish. My friend got the chicken. Good but mine was better mwahahah.... I wasn't a fan of the escargot. I like my snails plain-er. My chocolate cake was delicious but I had better (try New York's Chez Oskar when you fly east). The baked alaska was good too. Basically it's meringue mountain with chocolate/coffee/rum lava inside it.
Chapeau! is yes, spelled with a "!". In fact, that's being modest, it should have multiple "!"s in it name. Yes, its that good. Chapeau! is hands down, along with Gary Danko, my favorite restaurant in the bay area; and along with Caf de Beaux Arts in Palm Springs, my favorite French restaurant in California.This place is cozy, charming and gives a unique sense of belonging. The owner comes to every table, everyday, to say hi. The owner's wife greets customers and waits tables. They'll know you by name the second time you're here. Every meal feels like a genuinely French home-cooked meal.Foie Gras lovers, this place is very well known for it. Bone marrow lovers, you'll enjoy this place. Scallop lovers, make sure you don't miss it here. Even better, they have an amazingly priced prix fixe menu, even an early bird 3 course meal for $26 (5-6pm)!There's not much more to say about this place, besides, if you're in the bay you're missing out big time for not giving this place a try.
Dang. I was feeling some NYE in Paris nostalgia, so we found this highly reviewed French restaurant as a treat for my birthday. The only memorable parts of this meal (and no, not because I had too much to drink before dinner :P), is the fois gras (or as my honey likes to say it, "foy grass"). Yes yes, you must have this delectable duck liver, note that it's not on the menu (no need to panic!), they will announce it as one of the specials. Oh, and any of the desserts (the French know their desserts). The chef came out to say hello and later to say good bye - that sort stuff is nice. That said, everything else we ate was not as impressive, just okay and in my opinion "skippable" - i.e. good, cute place for appetizers and desserts.
Really really good!Ordered the four course. The highlight was the fish tasting dish - the scallops were perfect.The chef came out frequently to chat and explain each dish which was a nice touch.
Fine contemporary French dining without the snobbery. We tried an appetizer sized mussels and pomme frites. Mussel portion was very generous (we thought the kitchen sent the entree size by mistake) and fresh tasting without sand or grit. The fries were hot and salted just right; however, they were a little soggy. Unusual, since they were hot. Perhaps the chefs don't "double dip" them to crisp them? I had the pork tenderloin l'orange for my entree. The orange sauce was great, but the tenderloin was a little dry. Maybe i should have requested medium rare, but i was afraid to since it's pork. I never see baked Alaska on anyone's menu as it's fallen out of fashion with today's diner's. I just had to try it though! I was curious to see the chef's take on an old desert. It was Fantastic! Extra star just for the baked Alaska! It was traditionally made, individually sized. So nothing new, just a great tasting desert. The dining room is being renovated, according to their menu, but I didn't notice any issues. I did notice a few lonely walls in need of artwork. Maybe art was removed for the remodeling? Seating is a little tight, but not unusual for SF. Service was excellent, even with a large crowd.
DH and I came to Chapeau! for our anniversary after several wonderful experiences early in our courtship in the previous location. As it had been a few years, this was the first time we had dined in their new location, previously Clementine (which we had also dined at and enjoyed before). Despite having a reservation, there was a bit of a wait while the hostess scurried around and finally located "our" table (keep in mind this was clearly reserved as an anniversary, e.g. special occasion). The table was something that had been set, diagonally, between the bar area and the corridor to the kitchen - obviously an attempt to pack in one more 2-top as it had to be moved in and out for one person to be seated (and knocking into the patron in the next-door diagonally-placed table as well). The place was packed and the waitstaff kept brushing against us as they made their way to/from the bar and the kitchen. Not their fault...but there should never have been a table placed in the aisle location. My conjecture is that the owner greedily wanted to increase the number of tables to make up what he lost on the prix-fixe dinner (it was restaurant week, unbeknownst to us. We actually had no intention of ordering the restaurant week or prix fixe menu but wanted to re-create our earlier romantic dinners at the old Chapeau! from our earlier dates).After waiting some time for a waiter, and being hit one too many times by the staff, we asked to be reseated to a different location and mentioned that it was our anniversary and we had enjoyed Chapeau! several times earlier. The waiter was apologetic, noted that the dining room was full but assured us that a table against the opposite wall would be vacating soon and he would place us there as soon as he could. In the meantime, he asked, would we care for a glass of champagne? We were pleased with the response, accepted the champagne with thanks and waited to be relocated to the new table.Finally, we were reseated to a better location and enjoyed a very nice a la carte meal with our old favorites. Service was somewhat slow, however, simply because of the number of patrons in the dining room (perhaps additional help would have improved that...or the kitchen was too small to accommodate all the orders? What do I know - I am only a patron and cannot guess at what goes on in the back of the house). But from a diner's experience, there were too many missteps, culminating in the fact that, when the check arrived, we were charged for the glasses of champagne that had been offered for our inconvenience. Because it was so hard to flag down any service person for anything during the meal (refills on water and coffee - ordering another bottle of wine) DH just paid the bill, told me to stop eating and we left.Ironically, the owner/chef has so much time that he can greet patrons as they arrive, check on them in the dining room and double-kiss them all on the way out. Perhaps his time would be better spent expediting in the kitchen and rearranging his dining room and menu to focus on quality and not quantity. Very disappointing but certainly an anniversary dinner we will remember.
Great place, great food, excellent service!There was not one thing that we didn`t like about this place!Definitely will recommend this place to everyone.
Opt for the prix fixed menu.Try Cassoulet de Toulouse.RIco made it for a lovely dinning experience.
My girlfriend and I shared our anniversary dinner at Chapeau! last night and ordered the prix fix menu. I asked in advance for a great table, and the manager set us up in a wonderful back corner booth where we could sit next to each other. We started off with 1/2 bottle of French white wine to go along with our 1st and 2nd courses - the escargots and seared scallop. I then opted for the grilled rack of lamb (the special of the day). It was the best I've ever had. I enjoyed a glass of French bordeaux with the rack, which was a perfect pairing.Oddly enough, the couple next to us, who seemed to order everything on the menu, left a terrible tip for our outstanding server. The guy was really arrogant and told the guy that the tip reflected the food which wasn't 'up to my standards', and that he 'gave the chef a chance to come out and apologize and he didn't, so we're leaving'. He was such a loser, and it's a shame that he didn't appreciate the outstanding food and service that Chapeau! has to offer - my girlfriend and I personally think he saw how much his check was and was too cheap to give an adequate tip. Despite the sideshow at the end, this was a truly incredible experience. The staff are very meticulous and noticeably attentive. I loved it and would definitely go back.
The first time I came to Chapeau! I was probably 8 years old, here for a birthday dinner. This was back at the old location which had a more rustic look. I remember when Chef Philippe first opened Clemetine, which was the restaurant at the current location, and eventually just merged them into the newer location with the name Chapeau! This restaurant is divine. The atmosphere is elegant but also casual. It isn't unusual to find people dressed nicely in formal wear, but most wear semiformal, semi casual clothes, with jeans actually quite common (especially at the bar section). All the servers are polite, with Philippe's wife acting as the manager. The waiters really do know what they are doing, and while I do not believe they have a designated sommelier, they do have a fine selection of wine. One of the best aspects of dinner here is that Philippe always comes out as customers are eating and goes to every table and greets them. He'll grab a glass and pour himself a glass and toast with you and chat for a bit. This fun, friendly, and warm environment just cannot be found elsewhere.Now, finally onto the food. I entirely understand why foie gras was banned in the city, but I still lament it somewhat because the foie gras at Chapeau! was outstanding. The other dishes here, and I am fairly sure I have tried nearly all of them over the years, are fantastic. I won't go into detail, but I do recommend that at the end of dinner, you try the trio of sorbet. Distinct, fruity, and crisp, these sorbets are wonderful for clearing and cleansing after a rich dinner.Chapeau! is handsdown my favorite restaurant in the city. I come here usually for special occasions, and every time, I am more than satisfied with the food, the service, and the atmosphere. A truly wonderful gem of a restaurant with an awesome staff.PS Parking here is far easier than other high end restaurants in the city. It's much more convenient to eat here than Downtown or in PacHeights or anywhere else. So that's always a nice plus.
** 700th review **Chapeau! is a cute, classy restaurant. The staff were beyond professional, though I found their formality a little too impersonal. With that said, the food was overall very wonderful. I highly recommend the price fixe. It is by far the best deal.I started with the Deep Fried Black Tiger Prawns (with phylo dough, tomato and onion Marmelade and herbed aioli) and had California Black Cod as my entree (with fennel and leek, bacon flavored potatoes, shallot confit, and saffron emulsion). My boyfriend got the filet mignon, which was slightly better tasting in my opinion. I was least impressed with the desserts. The vanilla creme brulee was nothing to write home about, and the basil napoleon, while the healthiest on the menu, was definitely hard to eat. The non-fruit portion of this dish was a flaky and unsatisfying thin cookie that was like a sheet.It's surprising how noisy this otherwise intimate space is. However, I would definitely recommend it for a special occasion.
Amazing French spot with stellar food and service at affordable prices in a comfortable atmosphere. Recipe for a perfect date for a foodie and my money conscious hub. 4.75 starsFood: 4.5, Atmosphere: 4, Service: 5Cost to worth it rating: 5 excellent deal for high quality food ($38 for 3 courses, $46 for 4)Return worthiness: yes!Highlights:- Scallop: on pesto risotto and lobster sauce. Scallop cooked nicely and pesto flavor sang through the risotto. That mixed with the lobster sauce was a candidate for bread dipping to leave the plate without a trace - Bread: warm, crispy, soft and slightly sweet French. It was just heavenly. Had to restrain myself from eating too many slices to save room for my meal- Service: one of the best I've had as all of the staff was fully on top of everything. From taking our order, to delivery and takeaway of our plates, to the constant water filling, they were always right there yet not intrusive.- French onion soup: loved their version as the onions were so tender and the broth nicely sweet. Hub just would've liked more cheese - Chocolate cake: the standard molten version but with banana inside and using Valrhona chocolate for an intense cocoa flavor- Blueberry tart: had 2 special tarts that day and the waiter indicated the blueberry one was "very French." I was most impressed by how the blueberries remained fully plump inside the tart. - Pork: bacon wrapped tenderloin where the bacon seemed embedded on the outside of the pork. Shredded brussel sprouts and parsnip puree were unique accompaniments.- Cassoulet: hugest one I've seen filled with beans, sizable duck leg, full sausage link, and a slice of another sausage. Menu said shredded lamb shoulder and I think that was baked into the main dish which I was fine with since I'm not so into strong lamb flavors.- Menu style: picking any appetizer, entree, or dessert at a set price works well. Like the fish tasting option for the 4 course menu as I love variety- Cute whimsical theme: taking the french translation of it's name, your bill comes in a hat (yet a cowboy hat which makes it more humorous) Lowlights:- Seating: tables close together so hard to have a private conversation or not hear the next table'sHad a lovely and delicious time here and would love to do it again.
Truly superb French food. Some of the best I've had since I lived in Lyon. The dishes are well executed, with some inventive touches. We particularly enjoyed an entree that combined sea bass and oxtail.  It sounds like a risky combination, but the chef paired them perfectly. The dish was well-balanced and included a very flavorful consomme. High marks for presentation, too. The kitchen clearly went to great lengths to present beautiful dishes that please the eye as well as the palate. Parking can be a bit of an issue, but it's worth the trouble.
High expectations can be tough to meet when reading all the reviews on Yelp but Chapeau passed with flying colors. I've been wanting to go for a while and finally had a reason to, my BF birthday. Couldn't be a better way to celebrate on a Friday night than with French food in our neighborhood gem. This place is small, intimate and unpretentious, it's very simple inside yet the little touches and classic service make it authentically French.  The service was great all around, knowledgeable waiters and attentive staff that really is there to make a great experience.  We wanted to have a long drawn out meal and they knew that without us saying a word. We began with glasses of champagne and began to make our selections, everything looked scrumptious and the only let down was they ran out of the sweetbreads, if they told us as we sat down, it wouldn't have been a big deal, but they told as we were ready to order, that was a oversight on their part. But we settled on salmon tartar three ways, and the steak and lamb for the entrees and red wine of course. The tartar was the least favorite part of the meal, it was ok but nothing special and it really lacked flavor, in fact it was kinda bland. The wine was very smooth and the prices very reasonable.  Everything was delicious, the steak and lamb were incredibly cooked, paired beautifully with eggplant and truffles. What is it about French food that is just so great.  This is the place to truly enjoy your food and considering the quality the bill was really reasonable, I've had more expensive food and not been nearly as satisfied. Usually we get coffee but since it was a celebration, we got the warm chocolate cake, which took 15 minutes and well worth the wait. It was a great ending to a great meal even if it wasn't the best cake I've ever had. Somehow after all this, we weren't full but were incredibly satisfied and ready for the celebration at home:) I would definitely come back here!!!
Wonderful food in a very comfortable room. We were greeted with enthusiasm, which I find rare in a French restaurant. The waiter was equally welcoming and very helpful with the menu. The food was very good and so was their wine list. Altogether, a lovely evening.
Not a bad place, but I don't think it deserved the 4.5 average rating on Yelp. I actually now want to go back and rate Chez Papa 4 stars instead of 3 that I originally gave it, because I thought it was definitely better than Chapeau.For whatever reason, despite the fact that the restaurant wasn't extremely busy that evening, it took them forever to bring out each course and I was starting to get antsy.Our group ordered:Escargot - very good and probably one of the better things we tried on the menuFoie gras - good, but still does not compare to some of the best foie gras that I've had in other French restaurantsScallop (came with the 4-course prix fix) - Ok, but nothing spectacularDuck breast with polenta - I expected so much from this dish after reading all the raving reviews. However, I was extremely disappointed. They got it all wrong - it was done way too rare and yet it was still chewy, not at all tender and lacked the nice crust on the outside that a good duck breast should have. It did not taste good at all. My husband ordered the duck as well and shared my opinion of it.Filet Mignon- my friend ordered this, so I only tried a bite of hers. It tasted much better than my duck, so in retrospect I wish I had ordered the filet for my entree. The portion is a generous size too.Basil Napoleon - this dessert was my favorite item from the entire dinner. Very unique, delicate and light. I thought it was a clever combination of flavors and spices. My only complaint was the small portion.French Toast with Hazelnut ice cream - I thought it was good, but not as amazing as everyone makes it out to be. It has a rich taste and is very filling, so do not get it if you are already nearly full.Cheese plate - even as a huge cheese lover, I did not care so much for the selection of cheeses here. They were all pretty intense. I thought the cheese plate at Bisou was much better.Conclusion: I think you can have a good dining experience here, but have to be careful with what you order. The dishes are hit or miss.
What a great experience we had at Chapeau! It truly does live up to it's name. The fiance and I went here to celebrate our anniversary after having read such great reviews about this place. We were promptly seated and surprised how packed the place was for an early Thursday evening. We decided to go with the tasting menus, which at $38 dollars for three courses is a steal! You get to choose any appetizer, entree and dessert off the menu. Great deal! I ordered the four course ($46?), which includes a tasting fish course, so we could try that.First appetizer was the tiger prawns. This dish was the star of the night. The salsa/remoulad in the middle was amazing. I ordered the pear tart with frisee salad, and it was very good - especially if you are a blue cheese fan!The tasting fish that night was a seared scallop on a basil risotto with lobster sauce. The entire dish was superb, but the sauce was the winning element. Fortunately, they keep your bread basket full, so as to allow you to soak up any last trace elements of that sauce.The entrees was where I took away a star. I ordered the halibut, and I was surprised by the presentation of it. While it was a great piece of fish, and good overall dish, the entire plate was beige. There wasn't a bit of color, aside from the red-ish sauce on the bread chip. A little addition of micro greens on the top would have given the plate more flair. Aside from that, it was just good. Not great, not memorable - and after the first two courses - a little disappointing. The fiance got the skate dish, which was better and had little bits of crouton for texture, but still not a memorable dish.Finally, the desserts were fantastic! The warm molten chocolate cake is such a sin, and only gets better when you find the gooey banana in the middle. I didn't really get the rum raisin ice cream with it though -- I'd be happier with just a plain vanilla. We also had the Basil Napoleon -- which was light, fresh and yummy.Overall, what a great experience! The service was always on point, great atmosphere and wonderful food. However, I didn't see the famed chef and wife that everyone speaks of on here. We'll definitely be back to find them, as this is our new go-to French restaurant.
I arrived early for our reservation and it turned out that our friends meeting us were stuck in horrible traffic and hubby hadn't arrived yet but the hostess offered to seat me anyways. At first I sat, but realized it will be quite some time before the others arrived and I didn't want to take up valuable space so I offered to return and then sit at the bar. While I was gone they did give our table to some one else but said they would have another for us. I appreciated her accommodating our delay.The space is quite crowded so our new table felt like we were sitting right on top of the tables surrounding us but everyone managed to be as small as possible and it didn't feel so crowded anymore. All of the food was tasty and it was really hard to choose which dishes to have from the menu. Presentation was beautiful and everyone was very gracious.
Everything is of par excellence!!!!!1st -Make reservations and don't be late...We had no reservations on a Saturday...lucky for us we were able to seat at the counter and didn't mind...Chef/Owner greeted us warmly and made us feel welcome.We decided to go with the 4 course menu for only $50.- (that's ridiculous cheap). Flavors are well balanced and the portions are "European" sized.....meaning like food should be presented and not in XXL fashion portions like at the chain restaurants (lol) Highly recommend this place!!!!
Chapeau!! I've heard about this place for years and it's several folks' favorite restaurant. We decided at 8 on a Friday we wanted to go, called, and they said we could have a table by 845. Perfect! We arrived at 830 and were sat immediately. The ambience is great - warm and vibrant but not too loud. I was a little worried about the menu at first. The appetizers looked good but there were only a couple things that looked fantastic. We ordered the onion soup and the foie gras and both were totally great. I will be thinking about the onion soup a week from now, it was that good,Oh, the wine - I had a half bottle of chateau de neuf de pape and it was phenomenal. I usually don't like French wine but damn this was tasty. She had a glass of great champagne.For our entree we split the chicken, which was basted in lavender, honey and Dijon. It was wonderful. The real star of the meal was the French toast dessert. Not to be missed!Add in perfect service and totally reasonable prices and is might be my favorite new-to-me restaurant of 2011! Great job chapeau!
I can't say enough about Chapeau! The hostess and chef greeted my girlfriend and me as though we were their dear friends and special guests - and we didn't even have reservations. We asked to sit at the bar and they urged us to wait because some bar seats were coming open shortly and so they did! We had the most amazing meal--foie gras was perfection, a lovely cauliflower soup amuse bouche, a simple salad with duck confit, and my friend enjoyed the delicious comfort of the best cassoulet ever. We ordered a decadent molten chocolate cake and the chef surprised with a bonus dessert of pistachio encrusted ice cream with orange slices. The chef checked in with us numerous times and truly continued to make us feel like special guests. What a special memory!
Brought my little sis here for her birthday...I've been wanting to try this place for a while and I can't believe it took me this long to finally try it! The food is excellent, the portions are hearty, and the service is great. After having gone to many "French-California" places in recent times, it was a nice change to go to a traditional French restaurant. For my appetizer, I got one of my favorite French dishes, veal sweetbreads (you can order it as an appetizer or an entree, just the portion size changes. They cooked it perfectly and is probably one of the best preparations of sweetbreads that I've had (mmmm...veal pancreas!). I got a bite of the escargot and the foie gras and both were great as well.For my entree, ordered the cassoulet. The thing was huge! I thought it would have a little bit of duck confit but it came with the whole duck leg...not to mention the sausage, beans, etc. This is definitely the dish to get if you don't want to go hungry. The other entrees were also excellent, and I can't wait to go back and try them out.Even though I was already full, was still greedy for more and we got both the cheese plate and dessert! They had a good selection of cheeses and provided all the condiments such as nuts and honey. The warm chocolate cake was probably one of the best that I've had.This is probably the best French bistro in the city, if not the whole Bay Area. I won't wait so long to come back next time.
It's hard not to have love for this place. The owner/operators are as warm and gracious as everyone has painted them to be, the service is attentive and friendly , and the ambiance is welcoming and cozy (others have found it a little loud, but I didn't find it difficult to carry on a conversation).The two of us had:- Duck frisee salad- Tiger prawns in phyllo- Steamed mussels- Scallops with pesto risotto- Filet mignon- Black cod- Chocolate gateau- Basil Napeleon- Floating island (complimentary)(Did we really eat that much food?!)While everything was very good, I can't say that any one item was particularly memorable, or the best I'd had. If I had to offer a general critique, it would be that the preparation was a little too heavy-handed in its use of butter, oil, salt, and sugar. I prefer a little more subtlety (and fewer calories). Then again, this is only if I *had* to offer a critique.For $149 including tax and tip, I thought this was good value (though certainly not something I would or could do regularly, either for my wallet or my waistline).(I'll also randomly note that I slept extremely well after this meal. I'm not a typically good sleeper, and I wonder if this was just coincidence or if the meal was a factor).
This restaurant never disappoints. The food id super delicious and I love the relax atmosphere. This restaurant is our go to spot for special occasions and out of town guests. Phillipe (the owner) and Michael the server does an anmazing job making you feel welcome. Service is excellent and the food is scrumptious.Highly recommend you pre ordering the prime rib. They make it special for yoU!
I've been hearing raving reviews about this place so I finally got a taste of this quaint little French Bistro today, and boy was my palette as happy as ever. I came here for the Early Bird special and I love the variety of their menu! My favorite thing I ordered was actually the starter, which was the Mesclun Salad with Crme Dijonnaise, Red Seedless Grapes, Pistachio, Fried Camembert & Walnut Bread. This dish was divine. I loved the light but sweet dressing and the pistachios really added taste and texture to this delightful salad. I enjoyed the grapes also because they were so sweet and mixed really well with the greens. I finished every morsel off my plate and it left me wanting for more. Highly recommended!The entree I ordered was the Atlantic Salmon, which was cooked perfectly. It was moist and the skin was crispy, just the way I liked it. The flavors were also light and fulfilling. As for dessert, I went for the French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream on Jus de Poulet. The hazelnut ice cream was soooo delish! I liked the French toast but I would have preferred it not drenched in the jus it came with. Overall, the service was excellent. The chef himself greeted us twice with a smile and our cups were never empty with water. I liked the attention and care the servers gave us and I definitely felt welcomed. I love a place with such great service! Sometimes, it's not just about food. It's about the love people put in food as well and I definitely felt the love here. =)
It was a fantastic experience, from begin to finish.To start off, the chestnut soup was sweet and flavorful. Next, the striped bass was cooked just right with a crispy skin, and the mash potato was smooth and creamy. Finally, the warm chocolate cake was a godsend. Not just the quality of Valrhona chocolate they used, but the technique of baking it crispy on the outside and very molten and warm inside.The only complaint is not with the restaurant itself but finding parking in that neighborhood is EXTREMELY difficult, so good luck with you!
Fantastic food, spectacular service, great value..
For me to be in the Inner Richmond and not have plans to eat here is torture. I have never had a bad meal here. Every dish I have ordered has been delicious. We tend to order more food than we can eat and happily take the leftovers home. On one occasion we only had an hour to eat before we had to head over to the theatre downtown and we told the hostess and our waiter. The wait staff and cooking staff were on top of their game. They had us feed (a four course meal) and out the door in little over an hour. We keep spotting the cooking staff peering out of the kitchen to check on our progress with each course. Their effort was appreciated. MUST TRY:Skate Wing in Brown ButterSalade Landaise with Frise, Duck Confit and Smoked DuckSmoked TroutFoie GrasWarm Valrhona Chocolate Cake with Banana Flambe and Rum-Raisin Ice CreamThe Soup of the Day (which one you say...it doesn't matter!...never had a bad Soup of the Day here...still not convinced!...okay, okay here are a few, Tomato Bisque with crab cake and Chesnut Bisque)TIPS:Make reservations.Parking is difficult give yourself extra time to find a parking spot.Be prepared to get kissed. Philippe the Chef will kiss you hello and good bye.
Have you ever seen someone eat like they were a fat kid? Like in the movies when they pan in on the fattest kid at school eating his feelings away, and you couldn't help but for that amount of time, plus the rest of the movie, feel bad for just how horrible their life must be. Just shoving food into their mouths and not even tasting it, only to have it in their mouth. That was what dinner was like on Saturday night. I got to watch a former fat kid eat his feelings. Maybe that was what ruined it? The vegetable medley with a phyllo dough crust, or the citrus-ginger vodka infused sorbet as a palette cleanser...no, they were delicious. Or maybe it was the asparagus and goat cheese pesto appetizer I ordered, with the cabernet sauvingon. No? They were pretty amazing, four stars worth at least. What about the last course of the prix fixe menu, the vanilla creme brulee? Sure, it wasn't the best one you've had but...no that wasn't it either.It was the company. The company absolutely *ruined* the meal. After saying, "sorry, I just want to be friends", they go about blaming you and women in general for always "wanting to be friends", and that's all we want, and blahblahblah. FYI, I paid for my portion of the meal, because despite being laid off I was NOT about to let some creep tell his friends I made him pay.Next time I come here, I'm taking someone who won't cause me to sit in my car afterward on the brink of tears because I'm not superwoman and can't fix everyone's problems.Also, no former fat kids allowed. Unless you're paying for my part, too. Sorry, no offense but I have enough of my own issues, kthxbai. (This is why I date lanky men)
Came here for my 21st birthday (yay me!) in hopes of trying out their skatewing dish. Sadly when asked what my entree would be my response was shut down with - "We Are Out Of Zee Skatwing"...I almost felt a tear trickle down, knowing that I would not get to savor any type of brown butter sauce for dinner was just upsetting to this birthday girl! I opted with the Salmon dish, along with creamy corn soup(with a crab cake), and for dessert the nuage de noix. The appetizer was superb! I never cared for creamy corn soup until this visit to Chapeau! It was beyond delish, and had a melt-in-your-mouth buttery crab cake in the center. I suppose they only add one due to 'not trying to overwhelm the dish'...yet I feel and next time WILL DEMAND MORE of those deliciously crispy on the outside, BUTTA on the inside crabby cakes, made just the way I like them. ; )..Onto the Entree:My salmon was cooked to perfection. (Again big ups to the chef for knowing how to cook thefish dishes with perfection! Which makes me crave theskatewing even more!! RRRrrr..(must do it for marketing purposes!..like oh sorry were out of that, followed by a chuckle, sneer, and exit of appearance..knowing damn well I'm about to enjoy the following dish, and will return to try that damn skatewing!!...(sigh)...Anyways..other than the fish, everything else on my plate was pretty forgettable. I believe it was some sort of bed with bits of greens, and seasonal fruits..still so-so to me. The dessert was a nice sweet cleanser. The flavors were light and the dish was amazingly yummy and complex. I loved it! No candle by choice, but was for sure a great ending to my birthday meal.All in all, it was a pretty great experience. My date and I got seated within 5 minutes and the place was packed (mind you it was a Wednesday), so I was happy about the prompt seating. The food was great although the entree wasn't my top choice. I believe I will be venturing back to inner Richmond to visit Chapeau again, if not for the dish I wanted, for drinks for sure!
Came here with girlfriends and it was awesome- the staff is super nice and it's a quaint little place. They give you table bread which is delicious. You have the option to choose a prix fix menu or individual entrees. We all ordered entrees and 2 appetizers and dessert. The price is really moderate too for the cuisine and quality of food.-Prince Edward Island Mussels steamed in white wine- to die for! It was delicious with buttery and hint of wine falvors-Trio of Salmon- I can't quite remember it much but I do remember enjoying it so I guess it didn't blow my mind but def worth a try -Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast- very delicious and rich in flavor. Decent portions and the polenta was yummy. By default, it's cooked medium with some pink inside-Braised pork- I think that was a special but it is very tender and easily falls apart in your mouth, yum-creme brulee and chocolate cake- cant go wrong here!
Better than expected French food. professional service. Fair price. I had the traditional French Onion Soup; A real benchmark to assess a bistro menu. Amazingly deep flavors. A winner. The amuse bouche which came with the good quality bread was a veloute of cauliflower with a drop of truffle oil. Lovely. There was this unusual combo entree that I could not resist ordering : Grilled striped bass and oxtail. It was great! Each bite revealed something new about the flavor of the dish.  An extreme desert for me would be BAKED ALASKA. Okay, fabulous. Not a ginormous portion but enough for you to have fun with it and really revel in the textures. All in all, a super night out.
Had been meaning to try this place since seeing it on Check, Please! YEARS ago. The stars finally aligned this weekend and we went. Parking sucks, but gave enough time to find a spot across town. Service was excellent! It's not often that your server asks about the pace. Greeted by the owner shortly after being seated. The place operates like a machine!Ordered two tasting menus. Highlights:Pork tenderloin with parsnip pure, shaved brussel sprouts in a Calvados reduction. Blew.my.mind.good! The plate did not need washing when I was done!Frites(served with the meh-mussels) were THE best I have ever tasted. It's strange raving about fries, but try them and you'll understand.Amuse bouche was a cauliflower pure, delicious and I wish that were available instead of my tomato soup (which was average).The desserts were outstanding...French Toast in a caramel "pond" and an extremely decadent chocolate cake. The rest of the meal was okay, but nothing I will remember about the evening of pure gluttony.We'll return one day, after I knock a few more restaurants off my bucket list.
Was expecting way more out of this place, per all the reviews. Granted, went here for V-day w/pre-fixed menu, but still...Service was really slow. I get it, you wanted to give couples the chance to spend romantic time together. but, read your patrons & if they look like they want to eat & good meal & go home, don't span each of their courses out by 30 minutes. ugh.i also thought the food was just ok...again, could have been because it was a pre-fixed menu night. for the cost (which was seriously insane for 2 people, we could have gone to gary danko's practically - maybe we should have ;), it was not worth it.i was on a french date night kick for a bit & thought Bistro Central Parc was way better (food, service, price-wise, etc.)needless to say, my hubby does not want to repeat date nights here again, nor does his wallet. ;)
Had dinner here last week - charming little restaurant with great service. The chef/owner even came around and thanked us for coming. They had foie gras on special as an app...seared just the way I like it and the bouillabaisse I had for an entree was excellent. Good choice of wine. All in all a nice little restaurant that I would go back to. Lots of good looking things on the menu to try.
This little french bistro is both charming and deliver excellent food quality and variety of dish selections. The only issue I have was our waitress, though courteous, she just wasn't friendly enough to make us feel welcomed.Ordered their 3-course menu for $38.00 + one each of the white and red wine by the glass. You get to chose your own appetizer, entree, and dessert. Absolutely great value! APPETIZERS: Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic @ 9.75 - nice dish except I wish the escargots were served in the shells. Trio of Salmon: Gravlax, Tartar & Caviar, Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache, Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing @ 10.50 - this was excellent. the tartar was my favorite. ENTREES:Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter, Fingerling Potato, Sauce Grenobloise, Mache @ 22.00 - Never had skate wing before and this dish was just outta this world. loved it loved it loved it.Filet Mignon, Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Sauce  la Prigourdine @ 28.00 (+$6.00 on the Menus) - Ok dish, prob. can get better steak else where.DESSERTS:Nuage de Noix: Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue @ 8.50 - very light yet creamy, worth trying!Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake Banana Flambe & Rum-Raisin Ice Cream, Caramel Sauce @ 8.50 - not a big fan of chocolate but anyone who's a chocolate lover will like this.Overall, an excellent french bistro that I will come back again and try out their other dishes.
Chapeau! is the first restaurant that make me feel "WOOOW!" when I walked in--I have never seen a French restaurant that crowded, and yeah, pretty noisy too! And hearing so many speaking Chinese around me, I'd think it's a Chinese restaurant if I didn't know. Feels pretty funny :PWe made reservation for 7:30pm, got there on time, starving, but we waited 30 min to be seated!--Combining crowded, noisy and made me waited for 30 min already made it lost one star. When we finally sat down -- I think we have the best seat of the restaurant, all the way to the end by the corner, where is less noisy and I can watch everybody ^^ -- our waiter brought the menu, without wine list, and I had to ask twice for him to bring me the wine list. This is definitely a minus one star! Maybe there are many Asian people eating there who usually don't order wine, so he pre-assumed that we don't need wine either, but sorry, I'm French, I drink when I eat! Disaster ended here though. The food was really nice! Ordered 2 of the 4-course menu, 2005 Bordeaux Red St Emilion Grand Cru, loved the wine and the food.Appetizer:- Escargot de Bourgogne: I missed Escargot a lot!!! They made it easy, got it out of the shell already. Overall it tastes a bit lighter than the escargot from Burgundy, more like Paris type. I liked it tho, and almost "drank" all the sauce with bread too, yumm!!!- Trio of Salmon: very interesting dish, very fresh salmon, definitely a 5-star!Fish Tasting - Scallop -- I love scallops! Though this tasting only contains 1 piece, but a very good piece that made me want to keep eating, glad that I chose this option.Entree:- Black Cod & beef cheek: Though not a lot, but very tasty! Both fish and beef are very tender, and nicely flavored-Cassoulet de Toulouse: Sausages, duck legs and beans...I happened to like them all! The duck leg is tender and easy to eat, with relatively heavy and flavored sauce with beans. I really wanted to finish it, but there are lots of beans, and I was pretty full already after eating too much bread with the escargot sauce :PDessert:Per chef's recommendation, we got Nuage de Noix and Baked Alaska.Since I'm not a mint lover, Nuage de Noix didn't interested me that much. But baked alaska is really good. Highly recommended!!!!The food definitely added up one star back, and Chef Phillipe was really nice. Talked with him for a bit, and when we left, wanted to say bye, but he was busy with other customers, so we walked out, surprisingly he walked out to say bye to us, and fait un bisou, comme en France. I was really impressed! Really want to give it 5 stars, but I still feel kinda irritated that I went to a French restaurant and had to ask twice for the wine menu, so I'll keep it 4-stars, but highly recommended the restaurant!!! And make sure to make your reservation early!
Great French food but like any good restaurants it's jammed pack. The restaurant is small so their tables are very close together.   Parking is a pain so taking the bus there if possible..However, the yummy food, reasonable price and good service make up for some of the inconvenience (limited parking)
Ok- so I realized that my last 2 restaurant reviews were not good. I don't want to be one of those yelpers that seems like I don't like anything and never satisfied because that is not the case. With that said, I am very happy to sing the praises of Chapeau all night and day! We have had 3 fantastic meals here and trek over from Oakland and are happy to take a cab back home.. yes, it is that good. They always make you feel at home, the service is friendly and warm, the food is just amazing and the atmosphere is warm, cozy and romantic. Love, love, love this place!
Well.I've always wanted to try this place and on Saturday i finally got an opportunity too. I mean this place on a Thu-Sun, is usually packed as you can't get a reservation during a time you want. But since my GF and I were looking for a late dinner we got a 9:15 seating here on Saturday.Although having to wait for about 25 minutes to be seated due to the fact the other patrons who have already paid decided to sit there and chit chat for another 25 minutes... (I hate people who do that if there are people waiting...). Anyways We decided to go with the 3 course menu, which for myself was the Foie Gras, the Filet Mignon, and to end with the Profiteroles. My counterpart had Mushroom Ravioli, Bacon wrapped pork, and the baked Alaska.All in all our experience when it comes to food was fantastic. Everything was just right i wish the Foie came with more bread but the filet was tender and bacon wrapped pork i don't know what to say, it had bacon and the French onion soup is better then the one we had in Paris. Service was good, our overall experience when we left, we were very happy. Would definitely recommend and come back to try this place again with friends.
I really enjoyed my dinner here for my birthday. It was old fashioned, but in a good kind of way. Service was great. I think the highlight was the bread and the foi. Oh the foi was perfect! Was too full for dessert, but my mom loved the creme brulee. MUST RETURN BEFORE FOI IS OUTLAWED!
French food, funny French waiter, and friendly French chef make for a fantastic meal!We came during Dine About Town, which meant you can knock a few bucks off of the usual $38 three-course prix fixe menu if you don't mind the limited options. I went for the normal prix fixe menu, where I could choose any appetizer, main course, and dessert (though some options had an extra add-on fee)For my appetizer (and the main reason I didn't go with the DAT menu) I had the half-dozen oysters for an additional $2 on top of the prix fixe. Totally worth it. The oysters were small but very plump and buttery, and came with a tangy mignonette sauce. I don't like my oysters dressed up too much, and the sauce was just perfect.Next, I had the cassoulet, the most epic of winter dishes. Slow-cooked white beans, two types of sausage, and duck confit. The only complaint I have was how hot it was! My dining mate had practically finished his dish before I could eat mind without burning myself.For dessert, I had the tarte du jour, an amazing apple tart with a scoop of a sweet, nutty ice cream.
This turned out to be the best French meal we had this side of the pond!
Great little bistro in the inner richmond with GREAT french food. A far departure from anything experimental, this place serves amazing french food at a price point that is hard to boot. I had the Salmon Trio to start off, and it was amazing. Salty roe and fresh tartare inside a smoked salmon nest. For my main course I opted for the chicken. It was prepared flawlessly resting on a bed of mashed potatoes and a bacon gravy that was to die for. We shared a bottle of Sancerre which was a sweet pairing for this meal. I will definitely come again, DAT or not.
4.5 stars, overall a fantasmic meal, with good-sized portions, decent pricing for what you get, good service, and a homey, relaxing atmosphere. We came here and ordered off the early bird menu, which is available Sundays through Thursdays. $29.50 for appetizer + entree + dessert. Pretty good deal, eh?  And as for the food. Did they deliver? Here's a rundown of all the eats:+ Bread: warm, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. Slathered some butter on it, and it was super yummy!+ Pastry sticks with anchovies: Complimentary little bites, one for each of us. I suppose this was the amuse-bouche if I had to call it something, and a fun little beginning to the meal.+ Red beet soup: Wow, what a complex soup - so many flavors! It pleased my senses! The soup itself was pretty thick in consistency and hearty. It was slightly tangy, partly savory, and partly creamy. There was some kind of cream/cheese in the middle of the soup, which was visually pleasing too. On a cold day, a warm, hearty soup like this was perfect.+ Smoked trout: This came with a side of greens, and I thought it was alright. The trout was quite...smokey, and the anchovy that came along with it was super salty for my taste, but I did like the dish overall.+ Duck leg confit and duck breast: We ordered this medium rare, and it came on top of some pretty tasty polenta. I didn't particularly love the breast pieces and found it somewhat lacking in flavor, but I did enjoy the duck leg. While I wasn't wowed by it, it was still pretty good.+ Pork tenderloin: We ordered this medium rare, and although it came out medium, I really liked it. There was also a bed of mashed potatoes, some greens, and pears too, which were fun to eat. Overall, a tasty piece of meat! I'd order this again! + Basil napoleon: Like! I was very surprised when this dish came out, as I was expecting a dessert that would look like a standard napoleon. Instead, it was somewhat of a fruit salad with pineapple, strawberry, kiwi, mango, and banana, with four super thin slices of pastry. The basil was an AMAZING touch - that basil flavor is genius and it's JUST what this dessert needed! Not overly sweet at all, so light and refreshing, what a great end to a meal! +French toast: This was the other dessert we got; it was the polar opposite of the basil napoleon dessert but at the same time, I think this heavy dessert was a great contrast to the first dessert. A very rich piece of toast, with a scoop of hazelnut ice cream and hazelnut sauce drizzled all over it. Sweet, rich, and tasty. For $30/person (before tax/tip), I thought it was a great deal for stellar food. Service was also good, our bread was constantly refilled, and our waiter was very friendly.Also, when we got here around 5:30pm on a Thursday, the place was maybe half-filled, but as we got into our meal the restaurant filled up quickly. With the dim lighting, cozy booths, and happy patrons with their food and wine, it felt like the perfect place to be on a wet and windy evening. Very good ambiance, casual, comfy. In sum, it was warm and delicious. I'll be back!
we came to chapeau for dine about the town and the place was packed. tables are really close to one another and we basically shared a table with another couple.the bread was warm and yummy. they started us off with a chilled beet soup amuse bouche. i like beets so i thought it wasnt too bad. i then had the cheese tart, pork wrapped in bacon, and dessert. they even threw in a couple profiteroles compliments of the house. everything had a delicate flavor indicative of the fresh ingredients and the time of the year.
food was good, but they forgot to
We got reservations for an early dinner and ordered alacarte. Everything was very very good. Whether to say this is 4 or 5 stars isn't really the point. More so, there isn't anything I can recall wanting to have been better or different.
3.5 stars - I wish it was a 4-5 star experience for us...I'm hopeful it will be next time.Getting back to SF at a decent hour for dinner doesn't happen often...this evening, we got back around 6pm and instead of taking 101, we took 280 and decided to drive around Clement to find a place to eat. Recall Chapeau! is just around the neighborhood, we thought we'll try our luck. We got a space across the street so that's a good sign. Walking through the door into the curtained off waiting area, we were greeted shortly by the hostess. Asked if we had reservation, no - "no problem, please come this way" and we were seated at one of the tables near the back. The restaurant was about half full with the tables to the both sides of us finishing up and it was just shortly after 6pm.Our waiter was friendly but he was busy...only came by once after to check on us. This means we had to pour our own wine most of the evening...What we had:bottle of Keon 04 cab - $75 - unfiltered, bold and full body - deliciousquail salad - quarter cut over greens - simple but flavorfulgrilled foie gras - warm, tasty and melts in mouth filet mignon - medium rare - this was a disappointment. the sauce was good, a little salty but the meat was not what I had expected. It was not tender and melt in the mouth like one would expect a nice filet should be...I was hoping to end my craving for a good steak but no such luckstuffed rabbit - pretty good, better than my filet mignonbasil napoleon for dessert - light and refreshing.
i came here with pretty high expectations because i had heard soo many good things about this place but was left wanting more. so i cant give it a 5 like everyone else. i did love the service though. the servers were great. but the owner came over and spoke to every table. he's a little sweetheart! i think that adds a nice little touch. the restaurant is small and intimate. we ordered: - foie gras- filet mignon- salmon- canard orange- creme brulee- nuage de noix- chocolate cake
Jimmy made reservations for two at 8:15pm. I almost wanted to cry because I was starving! Gave him attitude the entire ride there, in which I felt very bad for later on. "Your sugar level is just low," he said... trying to reassure himself. But the time is only 7:05pm, so we're early. Made a quick pit stop to a cafe and got me an Italian soda. Yeah, it didn't help my mood much. He suggested that we go in 15 minutes early, in hope for our table to be available to us. IT WAS! My mood started to peak up.Our waiter was very helpful in explaining the menu to us and the specials they had for the night. The two of us decided to go for the 4 course meal which gives us a choice of an appetizer, tasting fish, an entre & dessert. Wanting to make sure I get to taste a little bit of everything from the menu, I made sure Jimmy ordered different dishes then I did.For Appetizers:-Pan Seared Foie Gras with fresh sliced Apples -Trio of Salmon-Traditional Onion Soup All was very scrumptious and appetizing. Foie Gras was the most favored, followed by the Trio of Salmon.For Tasting Fish:-Seared Scallop over a creamy base RisottoAlthough I don't really care for scallop, I though the shellfish was cooked just right and the flavors were savory. However, the risotto was a bit undercooked. For Palate Cleanser:-Trou Normand: Green Apple Sorbet, CalvadosThe apple sorbet was refreshing and delightful but the moment I tasted the brandy, I, seriously, wanted to vomit. Not a fan of brandy. Nevertheless, it did do its job, which is cleaning the palate for the entree. For Entre:-Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter w/ Fingerling Potato-Filet Mignon w/ King Trumpet & Oyster MushroomsThe skate wing was so yummy! The texture of the fish is soft and stringy (that's the best word I can think of to describe it) something new to me but accepting. Filet Mignon was cooked exactly how I asked for which was rare. All delicious but the sauce was somewhat too salty for me. For Dessert:-Profiteroles, a puff pastry filled with vanilla bean ice cream and drizzled w/ chocolate.-French Toast on a soft caramel sauce and topped w/ hazelnut ice cream The French Toast dessert was THE BEST dessert I've ever had, hands down, I would go back just to eat that! The Profiteroles, we didn't care for. It was good but the french toast stole the show. Had a great time at Chapeau! and I can't wait to go back!
I have been to Chapeau three times now. My first visit in 2010 blew my mind. My second visit in 2011 was decent. My visit last night was a true disappointment. The food has always been good. The menu doesn't change a lot but as far as I can tell there is good reason for that. Every dish that I have had at the restaurant has been above average. But this is why I will not go back to Chapeau:You usually don't get your first choice reservation on Opentable for this restaurant, especially if you plan to dine there on a weekend. So our reservation last night was for 8:45pm, which was fine. My date and I were celebrating a very special occasion, and that's where she wanted to go. One day before the reservation, I received a confirmation call from the restaurant. Yes, I will be there, I told them.We stopped in at 8:40, five minutes early. The restaurant was packed so we figured we'd wait a few minutes. We were wrong. We waited 30 minutes to be seated! And we were seated in the worst table in the house, literally right outside of the kitchen, with a view of a mess of wires from the speaker system. While we waited by the door for our table, the owner (chef) kept coming over to say, "just two more minutes, it's not a long time." We of course believed him. Had he been honest with us about our expected wait time, we could have done something to pass the time. This is a classy place and as such I would expect that the restaurant would be more accommodating in this type of situation. While we waited, a table was open in the bar area and seats were open at the bar. A glass of wine and a true apology would have gone a long way in turning the evening around for us. Instead, they threw in an extra dessert on top of the other decadent desserts that we ordered. It was a nice try to salvage the mess, but I will not be patronizing this place again.In addition to the long wait time and bad seat, our waiter was way too busy. So busy that I found myself pouring our own wine several times. He caught me at the end of a pour a couple of times and asked "oh you have it?" This might have been an unusual experience, but I think it reveals a lot about their vision of service. It seems many of the reviews refer to the restaurant being packed full, and I suspect that the restaurant, which is small, is trying to do way too much volume. Perhaps this will be profitable in the short term (we still payed $160.00), but this is not a sustainable business strategy.
WOW! what a surprise for your palate! I loved that everything tasted awesome. I'm not very use to fine dining but I enjoyed the French accent on everything including using hats for your check. I ordered the Menu 1- mussels, sweetbreads, and basil napoleonEverything was good, but the flavors were very different and took some getting use too. Anyways, I still loved tasting everything and would love to come back to this little France in the inner Richmond for some fine wine and dine!
Let me begin by saying that I was very excited to try Chapeau! It appears that my experience was not typical of most of the posters but I want to warn prospective customers of the unfortunate reality that can ensue from attempting to dine at Chapeau!Like any prepared patron, I made reservations for dinner for 7:30 PM. My party and I showed up about ten minutes before our reservation and were told by the hostess to have a seat at the bar as our table was not ready yet. We gladly complied. Our evening began on a very positive note as the head chef came by and greeted each of us individually. Unfortunately, that was the only highlight of the evening. As we sipped wine waiting for our table we noticed the minutes tick by and also observed several open tables that could easily accommodate our party of four. At 7:30 our hostess came by and told us the wait would be just ten more minutes. At 7:45 I asked the hostess why we couldn't be seated at one of the available open tables and was told they need to be kept open for drop-in parties of two. A bit after 8:00 my party and I decided to leave. It was only as we were attempting to walk out the door did the staff try and give us one of the open tables that had remained open since our arrival. Needless to say, this insincere effort to get us to remain was unsuccessful. We went to Pho-Clement instead and had a great meal.I wish I had positive things to say about the food at Chapeau! but sadly the service was so bad I never even got to try the food.
We had our company holiday dinner here and everyone loved it! It's pretty tiny but they were able to accommodate our party of 9. Our dinner went very smoothly and service was great.What's also great about this place is the customizable prix fixe menu! Everything on the menu can be included in the prix fixe with additional add-ons for more expensive items. We all went with the 3-item prix fixe which is a steal for the quality of the food. They started us off with a cauliflower truffle soup which was delicious and a great lead in to an amazing meal. I ordered the trio of salmon, bay scallops and hazelnut french toast. The trio of salmon was amazing! It was really light and tasty with great texture from the waffle chips they put on top. I'm normally not a huge fan of capers but they complimented this dish very well and I didn't mind them at all. The scallops were also delicious! Huge scallops that were cooked perfectly and the risotto and the lobster bisque were a nice balance to it all. If you're a fan of scallops or risotto, you should definitely order this. Last but not least, I had the hazelnut french toast which was....SO GOOD!!! I could eat this for days...my mouth is watering just thinking about it. It wasn't too sweet and the toast was sitting in a pool of hazelnut goodness. Yummmmmm!! We all shared a couple bottles of the Le Cigare Volant which was great. This obviously wasn't included in the prix fixe but $38 for all that? It's seriously a great deal.Can't wait to go back and try all their other stuff!
Crowded space attempting to look like a French Bistro (no way it would survive in any part of France). I ordered the simplest dish to see if they could exemplify cooking at a higher level (not even close to meeting this challenge). 'Sweetbreads are a signature dish along with cassoulet. Both came off better than average but not as good as for example at Le Central or even the St Francis or the late Old Poodle Dog on Bush.I sympathize that they are too successful for the small space but it borders on communal tables if there are only 3 inches of space between tables. The long panel of mirrors on the walls gives an illusion of space but it only makes unpleasant eye contact with other diners.One one side we had an obnoxious male that talked about himself. At least on the other side was a nice young couple up from LA. Have to say though that the wine list is reasonably priced, well thought out and looks like it is used for matching their dishes. If you are trying to be a bistro, you need to offer steak frites.Last point, more recently, and with other dining places, fix price meals are offered, which is good. However, if they have specials, typically meat, fowl or fish, they add 10-15%. That makes no sense. Either it is fix price or it is a la carte.  I don't care which way but make up your mind. Looks like you are trying to fool your customer. Not good so that's why 3 stars.
What a hidden gem in the inner richmond! Service: hands down the best service I can remember receiving in a long time. Someone greeted us at the door, took our coats for us, and the chef came out himself to shake our hands. You get a family feel with the ambiance of a classy French restaurant. Food: we came here for the early bird prix fixed menu which was so much food for a very reasonable price!- APPETIZER: we both had the trio of salmon, which was salmon done in three ways. It was so fresh tasting and very filling (I felt like I was half full after finishing the dish!) Definitely delicious!- MAIN: I had the salmon (I know, I know, a lot of salmon that night, but I'm a pescatarian!) which was served over mashed potatoes. The salmon was just okay...I've had better, but the mashed potatoes were really good. My friend had pan seared duck breast, which I'm going to assume was good because he finished the whole thing.- DESSERT: My friend had the profiteroles - these cream puffs doused with a chocolate sauce. I had the vanilla bean creme brulee which was good, but served cold, which was a bit of a surprise.  Here comes the best part of the story (which brings me back to the amazing service): my friend and I were catching up for hours...so much so that the waiter came by and asked if we would please move to another table because they had a large party coming in. We moved and they brought out completely fresh desserts for us even though we were nearly finished with ours. They then gave us an additional complimentary dessert and coffee and tea.I feel a little bad that we went for the early bird dinner and didn't leave till about 9...but they were completely gracious and I will definitely come back. In fact, I was so pleased that I told Julie S. to go 2 days later for her bf's birthday and they also had a great time :)
so far I have only tried the drinks and desserts .... but I am in love! This is a very upscale french bistro with style and tasty treats. I oredered a complicated spiked coffee drink and watch the bartender hand shake my whipped creme... extra pionts! Plus all the food I sampled was to die for! The french toastwas more of a dessert than a breakfast... so buttery bread with carmelized ice cream on top. the crem brulee was devine and danced on my lips and tantailzed my tast buds. the service was stellar and I was eagar to spend more time amoungst sophisticated sociolites that frequent there.... this is a date nights dream.... take your lady friend there for dinner and dessert and she is sure to creme here panties.... I did!
"Dude." That's exactly what I said when my friend asked me how it was.There was so much I wanted to say when he asked me. I was still so excited from it. We were lucky to get the very last reservations at 9:15, just before they closed up. But they treated us like we were the first ones there for the day. Let me start by saying that the service was amazing. Not only from the server, but the chef personally comes out with some of the dishes himself. When the heck was the last time you've seen that happen?! Not only that, but he personally introduced himself to EVERYONE. I mean EVERYONE. When he first came over, one of us was not present at the table. He remembered that and he actually came back 10 minutes later to welcome her to the restaurant. Dude.we all opted for the 4 course and i got the palate cleanser. So glad I did. Let me go over the food I remember:foie gras with apple and microgreens with a carmel sauce: I freaking love foie gras and this was no exception. So amazing. Perfect sear. Only complaint was that I prefer it a bit thicker, but it was still so wonderful. The apple of course pairs well (come on, anything sweet will pair with foie gras) and the microgreens are the trend now.Tasting fish was scallop over pesto risotto with some sort of a fish sauce. Not the Vietnamese fish sauce but some sort that he made himself. totally different so dont be confused. It was ridiculous! Scallop was a perfect sear. Not over cooked or anything. Pesto risotto was surprising and like everything else, technically perfect. Flavor was amazing as well. So creamy, I loved it. That sauce put everything together.duck confit with duck breast. very traditional. Duck breast was perfect. classic orange pairing with it. I felt the duck confit was a bit dry. Somehow... isn't it supposed to be baked in its oil? Maybe it was because we had the last batch of the day...? I dunno. It was still good.Skate wing. first time I've had it, definitely won't be my last the way Chef Phillipe Gardelle cooked it. So amazingly good. So. Good.Palate cleanser. A must! Vodka infused with lemon ginger. The sorbet with it... dude.Dessert... again, dude. I was so freaking stuffed by the end. there were 5 of us, we ordered 5 different ones, but since we were the last group of the day, they threw in a 6th dessert for us to try them all. No complaints about any of them. None. We had the basil napoleon, french toast, chocolate cake, nodue de naiz (I totally have no idea how to spell it, it was some frozen creme type of thing), and a puff pastry dessert. My gf literally finished everything. I mean literally. Dude. So good.Make reservations. Now.
The service here was amazing. I usually never comment on service, but they were so helpful, polite, and attentive that I had to mention it. Took my friend here for her bday..we shared a 3 course & 4 course meal. The only difference between the 3 & 4 course is the "tasting fish," which that night was scallop on risotto over lobster bisque. (which is very delish, by the way. I loved the various flavors the dish offered. It was because of this dish that we had one person order the 4 course meal so we could share it...great decision).Appetizers:1) Escargot: very strong garlic flavor. Since we like garlic, we enjoyed this dish, but you really have to love garlic to like this dish b/c the flavor is so potent. It was also served drier than I'm used to. The escargot is soft, but it's not drenched in a puddle of butter like how other places serve it. Eat this after other appetizers or else the garlic taste will alter the flavor of the other meals (the owner gave us this tip & even brought this out after the other dishes...see? Great service)2) Foie Gras: ORDER this b4 it's outlawed in CA. Buttery, rich, dense goodness. Warm & seared to perfection. Served w/ toast.Entree:1) Mussels: FAVORITE of the night. Must order. Mussels are juicy & fresh and the broth it sits in is delicious. It's also served with fries, which taste good dipped in the 2 sauces it comes with or even in the broth (owner recommended that). 2) Duck breast: this dish was only ok. Meat was tender, but I didn't care too much for the flavor...also, the flavor was a bit on the light side & almost bland.Dessert:1) Nuage de Noix: Owner recommended this one and it was the favorite of the 2 desserts we tried. The texture is very crunchy & nutty. The nuts are dispersed in an oval "ice cream mold." It's not quite ice cream, but it's very similar to it. If you love nuts, you'll definitely like this dessert.2) Baked alaska: It was ok...a bit sweet for me, but I wish they burnt the marshmallow shell more...I like the outside layer to be more crisp & burnt, but this one was more gooey.
A perfect place for dinner with friends, family and even a date, Chapeau's tables are set in such a way that it can accommodate groups of 6 or a tiny group of 2 without having you to endure the noise pollution from the table next to you. Customer service was off the chart! Each wait staff knows the menu inside and out, and the chef and co-owner would make it a point to talk with each patron. The food is simply unforgettable! It's so tasty it washes away your deepest gloom. I ordered a pork dish...and honestly, I haven't tasted anything so simple, so pure, yet so delightful. The pork was great and the presentation was heavenly but the polenta...blows me away! I took a bite and I could taste distinctly 3 flavors - polenta, carrot and gravy - as if each one targets a certain pallet. You have to check this place out. You have to!
came here for a dinner date with tien p. and julia s. and we ordered a bunch of different things to share :)- complimentary cauliflower soup- corn soup with crab cake- trio of salmon- veal sweetbread- scallop with pesto risotto- bacon wrapped pork- lavender honey chicken- rack of lamb with ratatouille- trio of sorbet- vanilla creme bruleemy favorites of the night were the trio of salmon, veal sweetbread, and lamb with ratatouille. im still not sure what sweetbreads are exactly but they kind of taste like foie gras but not as fatty and the texture isn't as mushy. delicious sweetbreads paired with yummy mushrooms and truffle sauce anddd truffle oil! out of all the dishes i had tonight, the rack of lamb was the simpliest but still cooked really well. i loveeee lamb, but surprisingly my favorite part of this dish was the ratatouille! my first time having it and i never knew veggies could be soo good!for the most part, everything was really good! i just expected a bigger piece of crab cake with the corn soup (it was basically the size of a quarter) and the trio of sorbet was too tart for me.it took awhile for us to get our check but it was overall a great dining experience. the place is very cozy and the staff was very friendly. i loved how the chef went around each table to greet everyone and to make sure we were enjoying our meal. although the bill was a bit on the pricey side, i thought it was completely worth it. i would definitely come back!
Small, horrible parking and extremely stuffy--I still give it 5 stars because the food really is impeccable. Foie gras appetizer is insanely good and their Filet Mignon was cooked to perfection--they totally Drake'd me--the best I've ever had! Apparently, if you order the Bone Marrow with your Filet, they cut up the pieces of the meat for you. Just a tip for those of you who may not like your meats cut! ;) I can't wait to go back and experience all that meat in my mouth again!
I've been loyal to Chapeau! as I always come back for an affordable french yummy cuisine. I love their scallop risotto and wondering why it is not on the menu list (?). I think I've tried most of their food and I can say all of them were great. Seriously. This is a perfect place for foodie, tourist, bargain-hunter, and everyone who craves for a wonderful french dining experience in the city. I like Chapeau because you can actually come in without fancy clothes and still be able to eat top-notch quality of food. Plus : Good food, decent portion, mouthwatering dessert, cozy ambience, great price. A whole complete package! The chef & service are very warm and nice, you feel welcome by the time you enter the front door.Cons : street parking is painful, as always in San Francisco.
Chapeau! is phenomenal. Only once or twice in my life have I had food so delicious. Where does one begin when describing the beauties of a restaurant of such caliber?Take your date. Take your family. Take your friends. Hell, go by yourself! Just get yourself to Chapeau! and you will not be disappointed.I went here as a celebration for my college graduation, but the food here alone is worth a celebration.They offer a variety of options, but you MUST go for the prix fixe. There is absolutely no excuse not to. Trust me, it is the best $45 you will ever spend. Three amazing courses with plenty of options to choose from, and it is only $6 more if you want their filet mignon or bone marrow.I opted for the filet mignon and I can say without a doubt it was the best I have ever had. The trumpet mushrooms and roasted potatoes were the perfect compliment to it.The french onion soup will change your life forever. It was the stand-out of the night, and even the chef commented that it is his personal favorite.I sampled a variety of desserts, but I found the creme brulee to be the best. So much food, and all excellent.It is by far some of the best food I have had in San Francisco. And the price is simply unheard of.Anytime you are aiming to impress someone without the pressure of a super formal evening, definitely go to Chapeau!
Been a while since I've been to Chapeau!, last time was at the old location. I'm glad to say that everything has improved. The food is even better, the prices remain reasonable for a high end place and the service is great.
Lovely French restaurant - intimate and charming with great service and truly French personality (in the best sense). The owner (who is also the executive chef) personally comes and talks to each table, providing menu advice etc. He also prevented my mother from inadvertently eating some nuts which would have sent her (and us) to the ER! Food wise, I had the sweetbreads and the veal special - both of which were gat. My kids had the snails and the pork - also yummy. The desert of apple tart and caramel salt ice cream also ruled. All in all, definitely a keeper.
This place was one of my choices for my dad's 62nd birthday.Everything was amazing, simply beautiful and crowded, which at first minute my parents didn't like, but with asparagus soup, followed by tiger prawns and squid ink risotto, then porterhouse ribeye with four different, not overpowering souses, and desert I saw my dad smiling -- I knew It was great choice.My fiancee picked wine before, and we saved a lot by bringing our own bottle of white and red wines ahead of time, and for delightfully great 4 course dinner we paid a little bit less than $400 with tip.I will be back to write another honest review about this place :)))
We just came back from dinner at this restaurant. The food was just okay, a little salty in my opinion. I ordered the filet minion medium rare. It was overcooked and a little dry! The mushroom was the star of the dish, not the meat....The service was bad! Our waiter did not even greet us and showed an attitude when we didn't order any wine or cocktail, even when we ordered 3-course menu for each of us. He never smiled and left our table full of bread crumbs during dinner. When dining there, we also saw the waitress yelling at elderly customers asking if his food is ready: "It's coming" and walked away. We also saw a couple just walked in, and about 10 minutes later, they just left without ordering anything. Then the waiter came over and asked the customers at the table nearby : "Did you say anything to her (the female customer who just left)?", which was so inappropriate and unprofessional. It was hard to find parking around the restaurant as well. There's no valet parking. I gave two stars instead of one because the atmosphere and lighting were great. The bread was warm and tasty. Other than that, I don't think we will come back.
Arriving early sunday evening without a reservation, we were seated without wait at the bar. We split a 3-course prix-fixed (~40$) and a early-bird meal (~30$ !!).For the prix-fixed, we began with the Salade Landais. It was an excellent, light salad with shredded duck mixed in, and topped with 2 other cuts of duck (one savory and one very tender). And with the early-bird, we selected the Mesclun Salad, a starkly contrasting hearty salad full of dark greens with a nice block of warm breaded camembert cheese. Both were very tasty and satisfying in their own respects.For the prix-fixed entree course, we selected the Cassoulet which is a french favorite of mines. Though not a large plate, it had the unusually (for french cuisine) hearty blend of flavors and meats characteristic of this white-bean stew. It was very much worth the long wait. For the early-bird entree, we chose the pan-seared duck. This asian-fusion dish was light and had a nice combination of flavors that mixed on your tongue, though I preferred my cassoulet.We were steered towards the Baked Alaska for the prix-fixed dessert. Though small, this treat of coffee ice cream atop cake and covered in meringue drizzled with chocolate and almond slices did not disappoint. For the early-bird, we chose the French Toast which topped with a scope of hazelnut ice cream was rich more like a bread pudding. We enjoyed both.Chapeau! offers for ~35$ a quality 3-course prix-fixed meal accompanied by great, friendly service.
How can you tell right from the beginning if a restaurant is any good? It's easy - you can judge how good a restaurant is by their bread. I've found that there is a direct correlation between a restaurant's bread and the rest of their food, and the bread at Chapeau! is GOOD. I had the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, but I also tried the fillet mignon, the salmon, and the baby chicken. All were delicious! My only minor complaints were that the place was a little small and crowded, and because of this, the atmosphere was noisy with chatter. Also, be warned that the service is really good - a little too good. It was almost a little awkward to have the waiter place the napkin on my lap and the chef came and greeted us all, but after the initial uber friendliness it was just really good service. But my wife reminded me that all of this is not as important as how good the food tastes, and that's all that matters with Chapeau! Highly recommended.Oh, one last thing, reservations are highly recommended and it is a high class French restaurant, so expect it to be a little bit pricey and the portions to be on the light side.
enjoy the food here!!!
I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time. Upon seeing it listed on the Dine About Town restaurant list, I knew I had to make it happen. The Dine About Town prie fix menu only costs slightly less than their normal prie fix deals. it all seems like a great deal!I ordered the trio of salmon as my app, it wasn't that special. But the escargot was delicious. We also ordered a side of Foie and it was beautifully prepared. For entrees we opted for the skate wing and cassoulet. Both were delicious! It was my first time having skate wing and who knew it would be so divinely tender? It was impressive. Dessert included creme brulee, nuage de noix, profiteroles, and french toast. My favorites were the nuage de noix and french toast. Note there were 4 of us dining, though I have ordered extra desserts for myself in the past =P. Service was warm and attentive. The menu can get slightly confusing, with so many choices, so be sure to ask questions!
excellent food and very attentive service (even though they are jam-packed) !
Got reservations for the same evening just by calling in. Works out well since I have wanted to try but was unable to reserve on OpenTable. The place was packed, tight small tables. Service is EXCELLANT. Upon entry, handshakes, seated at our table, waiter service. I really enjoyed how they made people feel welcome, knowledgeable of the dishes, and the chef would personally come to each table to introduce himself (handshake again). Lovely experience.For the food, very very filling for a rasonable price. I had the 3-course while my husband ordered the 4-course (the extra is a fish tasting, of sort). Also red wine and escargot and refills of bread (for the escargot), extremely delish! Main dish duck confit sit on dish of beans (bit salty for me) and skate fish (fin of sting ray), very soft delicate. Desserts also wonderful!!!I would definitely come back and try their other dishes.
Just a really solid meal classics done right and new twists. The sweetbreads are as good as I have ever had. The wine list has some great values started with some sparkling and finished with a great Chinon. We got lost on the way please note they have moved.
Compared to another French restaurant I've tried in town, this is just A-OK, the flavor is too strong, the surrounding is too loud. But the owner was quite friendly.
I just feel I should put in a note that this is NOT a pet friendly restaurant - I just called and was told no only service dogs.
Got the mussels+fries, stew, and had a bit of the skatewing. The mussels+fries were really delicious and came in a HUGE portion (even though it counted as an appetizer). The stew was very meh. It was kind of dry and not very special. The sauce for the skatewing was delicious. GREAT hazelnut icecream. Probably won't be back since it's out of the area but it seems like a very hit and miss restaurant.
One of the best French restaurants I've experienced for the price. I would highly recommend Chapeau to anyone who wants great French food at an unbeatable price, along with excellent service, relaxed atmosphere and uplifting ambiance. The early-bird prix fixe special (5-6 pm) is the deal, for $28 per person they serve you a faaabulous dinner composed of large portions of your choice of appetizers, entrees and desserts prepared by very skilled cooks. What impressed me most about Chapeau is the large portions of exquisite food they served. I expected the food to be excellent here due to all the great reviews I read. However, when I've eaten at quality French restaurants in the past, the food was often good but the portions were tiny. Not so with Chapeau - - they don't hold back on the quality or the quantity. I can eat a lot when the food is as good as it is here, and I had trouble finishing the large portions they served. This is a good thing.Tip: If you come on a weeknight 5:30ish for the special, you get another good deal: virtually free onstreet parking is unbelievably easy to find right on Clement near Chapeau (everyone is waiting until 6 pm to park so they don't have to feed the parking meters). Park a few minutes before 6 to outsmart these tightwads, put 50 cents or so in the meter so it lasts a few minutes until 6, then leave it there as long as you want after 6 for free.
Ohhhhh delicious! Order the three course meal! The mushroom alfredo, filet mignon, and french toast dessert were amazing!We will definitely be coming back =] I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to EVERYONE. It is near the top of my favorite restaurant list, if not the first!
Disappointing. I decided to treat my wife to a special dinner to kick off summer. Could only get a reservation on a weeknight after eight. We showed up right on time for our 8:15 reservation. There was a small crowd outside waiting for tables. One other party of 2 had gotten there just before us for there 8:00 reservation. As they were seated, we were told to make ourselves comfortable at the bar. At 8:40 we were seated. Luckily we had our bottle of wine from the bar because it took another ten minutes for the waiter to approach our table.He went over the specials and took another fifteen minutes to return to take our order.The table next to us was the couple with the 8:00 reservation. They were finishing their appetizer course now and we had yet to receive bread and water (we had to ask for it) or place our order.My wife ordered from the dine about town menu. The corn soup w/ black prawn was tasty; The bacon wrapped pork tenderloin was cooked well but had a sauce that was too sweet and had a "pasty" consistency;The crime brle had a caramelized sugar shell that was cold to the touch, obviously prepared much earlier.I ordered the three course with the mussels, filet mignon w/ bone marrow, and creme brle. Both the mussels and the filet were excellent. Same complaint about the creme brle being cold.It was unfortunate that the timing of both the waiter and busboy was poor. When our desserts came out, they were accompanied by empty coffee cups. We were half way through the dessert when the busboy came to fill them up. Good coffee bad timing.Maybe my expectations were too high because of all the amazing reviews.
We dined here last night and boy was it good! Started with the mussels & frites. Yum yum YUM! A must! My entree was the pork tenderloin. The meat and the demi glase on the plate were heavenly. Absolutely delicious. We had the creme brulee for desert. It was so smooth and creamy with a ton of black flecks from the vanilla bean. A perfect execution. The service was just attentive enough, without being intrusive. The ambiance was elegant and paired back. Only negative I would say is that they could certainly stand to dim the lights a tad bit. I will definitely be back.
This was one of the most magical dining experiences I've had in ages. A special friend of mine who happens to be French took me to Chapeau! as a surprise dinner celebration. It was AMAZING. *Warning, my experience was definitely impacted by the wonderful company I was with. Go with your best friend, someone who enjoys food as much as you do, and you will surely love this place.When we got there, our table wasn't quite ready so they sat us at the bar. Neither of us drink but we ordered sparkling water so that worked out just fine. A couple of minutes passed and we were finally seated.There was laughter and smiles all around. Couples admiringly looking at each other and their food. Wonderful. There were large parties celebrating birthdays. I love it. Food and laughter is the way to my heart.We open the menu and my dear friend said, "This evening is yours. Order whatever you like, as much as you like. I want you to enjoy." At this point I am already preparing to unbutton my pants under the table so that I can go to town.I shared with her that I completely trust her in ordering and I want to enjoy this food journey with her guidance. After all, she is the expert. She kindly accepted the responsibility... Here is what we ordered: Are you ready? Appetizers:Salade Landaise:Frise, Duck Confit & Smoked Duck Magret,Fingerling Potato Chips, Classic French Vinaigrette Traditional Escargots de Bourgognein Butter, Parsley & Garlic Oysters on the Half ShellMain:Filet Mignon,Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms,Sauce  la Prigourdine Scallops (I didn't see it on the menu today but I believe it was seared scallops over pesto risotto) Dessert:I have no idea what it was but the chef brought it out on the house. IT WAS SLAP YO MOMMA GOOD.I guess I should add that I ate a lot of this by myself. The escargot tasted like yummy fried cheese balls. The salade was light and flavorful. The filet melted in my mouth. The scallops were perfectly cooked.I am having a foodgasm just thinking about my meal. My friend and I enjoyed the dishes with great spiritual conversation. Yes, it was difficult to converse because it was a bit loud but we made it work nonetheless. And yes, I did have to unbutton my jeans before the meal was over. ;) The chef came out and shook all the diners' hands. Talk about service. This is was what sets a restaurant like this apart from others. Well crafted dishes and personal connections. WOW. Thank you Chapeau! and my lovely friend for an evening I will never forget. I hope after reading this, you too, will decide to have an experience like this at Chapeau!
Absolutely the most charming little French restaurant that I've visited in a while! Went on a weekday night for dinner and got the $38 pre-fix x2... substituted one of the appetizers for their famous foie gras for an extra $6.The food was overall fabulous, although the sweetbread was kind of bland (but perfect if eaten w/ the sauce).. Chef even gave us complimentary cold beet soup and a huge creme brulee .. he was very friendly and explained to us the new technique that he used to make the desserts. We were very stuffed, yes indeed.I will definitely bump Chapeau to the top on my list of restaurants to frequent !
Delicious, intimate and friendly. Dined here with friends on NYE. What an exquisite way to complete the year and start a new one.
I am a big fan of clement street and hope that it will transform into a great restaurant row ( now there are a lot of filthy hole in the wall junk places).Chapeau starts clement on the right direction, it is a wonderful neighborhood restaurant. The owners are amazing..they go out of their way to be friendly, helpful, and inviting. Their pre fixe menu is perhaps one of the best deals in San Francisco: you get great food, great service, and great ambiance all for a very reasonable price...heck Garibaldi will charge you the same price for an entree compared with Chapeau's three course meal. The food is very good, although somethings are better than others. I really liked the cassolet, it is really good, however the dessert of french toast and ice cream left me unimpressed compared to the rest of the dinner. This place is always busy so don't forget to make reservations.
Wow! (get it? :P) I came here last night for Dine About Town and very impressed! The food and service were both impeccable.First off, the chef came out and introduced himself, which was pretty cool! Additionally, our waitress was very helpful and friendly. My water glass was kept filled throughout dinner and empty plates never lingered long on the tableAnd the food, oh my goodness it was so good! I started with the salad which came with greens, pistachios, grapes and a vinaigrette. It also came with walnut bread and fried camembert on the side, which was DELICIOUS. Next up came the the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon. It was juicy and perfectly cooked. It came with a potato puree, grilled apple slices and an apple sauce. The combination of savory and sweet made for a great dish. For the finale, I order profiteroles. Although I had to enlist my dinner mate to help finish my entree, I ate ALL of the dessert. The fried pastry + ice cream + chocolate combination was to die for.As a final note, they offer a great wine list where you can order 3 oz or 6 oz pours in addition to full and half bottles. My dinner mate and I wanted to enjoy wine with our dinners but didn't necessarily each want a full glass of wine so the 3 oz option was perfect!I would highly recommend Chapeau! whether it is DAT season or not. The food and service are definitely worth the price.
I came here both during the early bird special and for a regular dinner. Both experiences were great and the only difference is that I payed slightly less for my early bird dinner. The appetizers are not much to my liking but I really enjoyed the trio of salmon.I've ordered the pork tenderloin and the salmon as my main course and both were amazing and would leave you wanting for more. As for their dessert, everything is to die for. Since I would always go here with a couple of friends, we get to try each other's desserts and enjoy a variety of flavors that are just so great! Aside from the amazing food, the service is also great. They are fast, and always check up on you making sure you are well taken care of and would never have to ask to have more bread or to have your glass refilled.I definitely recommend this place for a date night or a bonding dinner with friends.
The fiance and i planned a trip to sf for a weekend and like a good yelper, i did my homework before the travel to check out all the great places to eat. This place stuck out like a sore thumb and now i def know why...food is soooo good! We made reservations and made it in easily and were quickly serviced with heavy accented waiters. How authentic. The french bread they give you is so delicious, i seriously couldnt stop eating it and made sure to say yes when they asked if we wanted more. Our waiter also surprised us with a new soup they were trying out and planning on putting on thier menu but wanted to let us sample it and give feedback...it was delicious and creamy and kinda tasted like curry...love that stuff. I ended up ordering the duck...the duck was prepared moist and tender and seasoned classically with just salt and pepper i believe served on a bed of fluffly warm mashed potatoes. The fiance got a pork tenderloin also cooked to perfectionw ith roasted veggies.Dessert was prolly the highlight of the night as we each got our own and shared..he got the french toast and i got the cream puffs covered in chocolate...simply divine.
Great food, nice welcome by the chef.Nothing to remark as stomach and taste pupils we're really pleased at this place. We had a reservation and as the place was packed it seems it is really important to to this.
Chapeau! is a cute and cozy french bistro nestled in the quiet neighborhood of Inner Richmond, San Francisco. Definitely an awesome find for us. We had reservations set at 8:30 p.m. but arrived 15 minutes late. Chef/Owner greeted us at the door and assured us that we will have a table soon. We didn't mind the wait one bit because they seated us at the bar and we ordered some drinks. The chef was extremely hospitable and gave us complimentary refills on our drinks! Yay.My friend and I ordered the 4 course menu (choice of appetizers, entree, dessert, and tasting fish of the day).The appetizers we ordered were exquisite. I loved my seared ahi tuna, it was flavored perfectly with a lot of pepper, just the way I like it. The only thing I didn't like on the plate was anchovies., I don't think I'll ever be a fan of that small silvery pungent fish. My friend ordered the Prince Edward Mussels which were delicious! I stole a few from him. =)The tasting dish was AMAZING. Definitely best dish of the night for me. Scallop was cooked PERFECTLY and the risotto was beautiful. The only downside to the dish was there simply wasn't enough on the plate! Soon enough we were both scraping the plates, trying to salvage of what was left. I was pretty sad when it was gone.. =(My friend ordered the honey lavender baby chicken and I ordered the filet mignon. His dish tasted great! I didn't like my main dish as much, (I am 100% at fault) because I don't really like red meat. I've heard so much about the filet mignon, but I shouldn't have been adventurous and stuck to what I actually like. Poor decisions. =(Both desserts were absolutely delicious.. Baked Alaska and some nut&ice cream dessert (can't remember name). I was tipsy when we left. =) Definitely a good night.Overall 5 stars for great service and food.I will be back!!!
What a great experience Chapeau! was. On a whim, my lovely girlfriend decided to surprise me with dinner here at a delicious French restaurant located far out from where I'd expect a French restaurant to be in SF. My salmon trio appetizer had very tasty and tender pieces of salmon tartare, smoked salmon, and salmon roe. I recommend this, as we heard later on that they ran out. I've had plenty of salmon tartare and smoked salmon before, but there was something about the consistency of Chapeau!'s that made it pretty amazing.For my main, that I have to note took unusually long to bring out (45 minutes), I went with the duck that was cooked beautifully, extremely tender, and came with a perfect sauce. My girlfriend's steak was also cooked perfectly, though the outside was more medium than medium rare. It made up for it once you hit the center though.Lastly, I went with the sorbet trio and she had the creme brulee. While it's a typical looking vanilla creme brulee that was obviously refrigerated, it made no difference in the epic taste. I highly recommend this if you're a fan of vanilla as it's pretty much an explosion of rich vanilla flavor in your mouth. I definitely had dessert envy as my sorbet of blackberry, tangerine, and key lime were good, but less satisfying. Chef Philippe had a very nice and personal touch by shaking the hand of every one of his customers during and after dinner. I can't remember the last time anyone did that at a restaurant of this caliber. While I'm a huge fan, the 45 minute wait for the main course really is the only thing docking Chapeau! from a 5 star rating. They kept our (delicious) bread basket full and our cups of water refilled but never really gave an explanation for the slow down when we saw other tables get their main course. This, as I explained earlier, did not affect the taste of the main course however as the quality overall was excellent. The only other thing I can dock Chapeau! for is the fact that we sit awfully close to the other patrons such that we could hear their conversations and they could hear ours.
Took my boyfriend & his family out for my boyfriends birthday. I had the escargot, bay scallops & the cream puff things. The escargot was so-so. It was just over powered by the garlic flavor they put on top. The scallop dish was DELICIOUS though. 3 big scallops on top of some risotto, lobster bisque, and a cheese crisp. I cleaned my plate so fast. It was really, really good. The dessert was good too, but didn't really stand out. Everything on their dessert list is very standard, IMO. Boyfriend got the baked Alaska. Presentation is great, but not a fan of it. His mom had the cassoulet. Don't think she really enjoyed it. She said there were too many beans at the bottom. Boyfriend had the filet mignon, medium rare. Was tender but nothing wow. I'm not a steak lover though. Service is good, literally didn't notice them refilling my water. Environment is pretty loose and loud. They were very helpful when making the reservation. However I did request that a warm chocolate cake be brought out for his birthday but they forgot. Everyone was too stuffed to eat anything else anyways. Definitely would come back again to try other things. Would definitely order a more festive appetizer.
OMG Chapeau was recommended to me by several people. As a fan of French food I had to try it.The food was excellent, the owner Philippe very nice and the price reasonable for what you get. The prix fixe menu costs $38 with an appetizer, an entree and a dessert. You can choose them on the menu a la carte, so you have plenty of options to choose from.I took the suggestion of the day for the appetizer - some excellent foie gras on toast. It was delicious. I also recommend the salad landanaise.For the entree, I recommend the pork tenderloin wrap with bacon. So soft and so tasty!-- Make sure to book in advance. This restaurant is usually full!
The first disclaimer is that this place is ran and probably owned by Asians. Now I know you don't have to be necessarily a specific race or ethnicity to cook a type or regional food, but I think it takes away from the whole French feel. With that said, the food was still delicious. I had the pork, and my date the chicken. The chicken was a little dry, but the pork tenderloin was good. The salmon roulade was remarkable though and so was the a la mode dessert. Pretty pricey, and since this place is so popular, make sure you make a reservation, we got lucky and had seats at the bar. The food took a very long time to come out, but we got comped with more wine. The head chef, who was french, came out and greeted us in French, and highschool was a long time ago for me, so we spoke english, like true Americans haha
you will be coming back to this place
My second time going here for an anniversary with the hubby and although I preferred last years menu that we had, the price and the class is still on par with the more expensive french restaurants. Some of the highlights that are noteworthy...-Great classy atmosphere-affordable courses and individual plates-french onion soup is the best I've ever had anywhere-the chocolate lava cake with banana and caramel is absolutely heavenly-the chef was always there to greet people and even kisses the women on the cheek on the way out (I believe he's now at his other restaurants Clementine and don't recall him kissing anyone when we dined there)-Service is courteous and pretty attentive-no need to always make a reservation as they do accept walk ins but if you have a specific time or date it's best that you do.-great for a romantic dinner, anniversary or get together with friends-not recommended for a first date as it can be hard to hear one another.Some things I didn't enjoy all that much..-limited choices on the menu for courses-most of the desserts are not what you expect them to be when reading the description-can feel very cramped since tables are a little too close together-difficult to have a conversation as it's pretty loudOverall, for the price you're paying, you can definitely feel like you're at an upscale restaurant without having to shell out the $$$$ signs.
I'm in love with Chapeau!This place is small and cozy with lots of people but doesn't feel crowded. We were seated promptly and greeted by our happy-go-lucky server. He was super nice and helpful when it came time to order. We had:Foie gras: the best I've ever had! So rich and smooth, melts in your mouth! The portion is pretty substantial, too.Duck confit salad: one of hub and my favorite dishes of the weekend! The smoked duck magret went really well with the bitterness of the frisee.Tasting fish: the most perfectly cooked huge scallop atop the best risotto I've ever had. I wanted an entire entree size plate of this.Pan seared duck breast: cooked perfectly and very flavorful. The polenta was also very good. Highly recommend this dish.Filet mignon & bone marrow: the filet mignon was also cooked to perfection. Super tender and great beef flavor. The oyster mushrooms were so good that hub couldn't stop talking about it. It was our very first time trying bone marrow and the verdict is that neither of us like it. It was fatty, jello-y and weird. We couldn't eat more than one bite but it had nothing to do with how it was prepared or the quality of the product. We just simply don't like bone marrow.Squash stuffed with various veggies (friend had vegetarian entree): surprisingly tasty and filling.French toast: the hazelnut ice cream atop of the French toast is to die for! Great texture and very strong hazelnut flavor.Chocolate cake w banana flambee: rich, gooey, chocolatey goodness! A great end to a fantastic meal!I like French food but I was never crazy about it BUT Chapeau! changed me. I'm a new fanatic! :)
I came here with the boyfriend to celebrate my new job. It was a late dinner on a Saturday night, so I'm not sure if that had anything to do with how our experience unfolded.We were seated at our table and ended up waiting almost 20 minute before our waiter came to us. He was very nice when he did come to talk to us throughout the night, but it was sporadic, he was definitely frazzled and rushed, and it just made us feel frazzled and rushed too. He ran around the room frantically and it just made us anxious as well.We did the 3 course meal. I started with the duck salad and the boyfriend got the special appetizer of the day, seared scallops. The duck salad and the scallops were actually pretty good and we had high hopes for the meal. We then waited about 20 minutes after we finished our appetizer for our entree to come. I ordered the duck breast (yes, I love duck) and the boyfriend had the cassoulet. The duck breast was supposed to be medium rare. The waiter made a big deal asking me if I would be ok with medium rare and I said "that's perfect, that's how I like it." My duck came out medium well. When I tried to get his attention to tell him it was overcooked, he never looked at me, and by then I was hungry and tired so I just ate because I was getting tired of trying to get his attention. The cassoulet wasn't that great either. It seemed a bit dry. The boyfriend and I have gone to a lot of french restaurants in various cities, and this was probably the less appetizing cassoluet we've had. We were not impressed (insert picture of Mckayla Maroney not impressed). We ended our meal with the french toast dessert. By the end of the night it was one of the few desserts left and it was the only thing that seemed interesting. Regretful. The french toast was not good. It tasted like a piece of french bread that was slightly grilled, dropped in caramel sauce and a hazlenut ice cream scoop on top. The ice cream was icy too, I had chunks of ice in my ice cream.The one thing I did appreciate about this place was the 1/2 glass of wine offer instead of the full glass of wine. It allowed me to do a mini pairing rather than a full pairing.Overall though, I was really disappointed by this meal. We had high hopes and had heard great things from others. Maybe it was an off night, who knows...but I was not impressed.
After 15 years since my first time there, Chapeau still retains its elegance cozy place for fine dinning. It is still a great place to treat your best friends out. Food quality is as expected in a French restaurant of this level. I had a French Onion soup for appetizer, then Filet Mignon for entree and finally a Coffee Ice Cream Meringue in chocolate fudge with crushed almonds. They all were presented well with excellent taste. I like the noise level there without much echo as I can talk gently with my friends. The only area that they need to improve is their wait-time for a table. I had a reservation for 8:30 and did not get assigned a table until 8:50. I would recommend that they have a waiting area since it was quite jam packed at the door. Overall, it is a great restaurant for the price.
Fantastic food and service. The owner comes around to welcome everyone and thank them for coming to his restaurant.
The Highlights:Pros: One of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time. Food and service were nearly flawless.Cons: A little bit cramped and noisy, but to be expected for a popular restaurant at 8pm on a Friday night.The Details:My girlfriend and I were seated as soon as we arrived for our 7:45pm reservation, our coats were checked, and we were quickly greeted by the waiter offering us water and cocktails. The wine by the glass selection was a little small, but they do conveniently offer half glasses if you're not much of a drinker. We ordered from the prix fixe menu, which was pretty reasonable at $40 for 3 courses and $49 if you want to add the tasting fish (my gf did). Bread was fresh, hot, and crusty, and we received amuse-bouche of cauliflower soup which was creamy, delicious, and an unexpected surprise. My onion soup appetizer was excellent. The onions were sweet and soft and the gruyere wasn't an overwhelming obstacle on top of the cup but rather the perfect amount. My girlfriend's salad nicoise was also very good, the ahi was a little too peppery, but the quail egg and perfectly cooked potatoes made up for it. The tasting fish came next, which was a large seared scallop served over basil pesto risotto with lobster sauce. This was the best thing I ate all night, a perfectly cooked scallop, the flavors complimented each other so well, really an outstanding preparation. For the main course I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin served on top of whipped parsnip and baked apple slices with shaved brussel sprouts and an apple and brown sugar sauce. The sweetness of the apple went well with the salty bacon and almost bitter parsnip. I love pork tenderloin, and the dish did not disappoint. The cassoulet was very hearty, served with duck confit, lamb shoulder, and pork sausage. It was good, but with so much food it was a little too heavy, the only thing we didn't finish and wound up taking home. Finally for desert I had the nuage de noix, some type of pistachio, almond, and hazelnut whipped piece of deliciousness, and my girlfriend had baked alaska. Both were great, and the fact that even after so much food we were both able to clean our plates speaks volumes. The service was impeccable throughout the whole night, my water glass was never empty, the busboys were very capable and attentive, and our server timed the courses well. The head chef even made two rounds through the dining room during our meal, a very nice and appreciated gesture. When all was said and done the tab came out to $72 each including tip, and in my opinion it was worth every penny.
I finally made it to Chapeau! and was not disappointed! A foodie friend of mine loves this place and has recommended it many times, I finally made it for an early dinner yesterday and it was better than I expected.5 Stars for cleanliness, atmosphere, service, and food.The wait staff was perfect. Knowledgeable, professional, attentive, friendly but not chatty. Allowing one to enjoy their dinner company, ambiance and savor the food.Now the food - it was delicious! I don't know how this isn't a Michelin starred restaurant, I enjoyed the food more than at a couple of Michelin starred restaurants.I ordered:- Oysters- Chestnut Soup with Creme Fraiche- Seared Scallop with Pesto Risotto and Lobster Sauce- Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Swiss Chard, Parsnip Puree and Apples- Lemon Tart with Raspberry CoulisPortions were perfect and again the food was divine. I'm still thinking about the Chestnut Soup and the Pork Tenderloin. I highly recommend this restaurant for a special evening or when you want to treat yourself. Bill came to about $70 for one person and that was without any alcohol. Worth it!
Came here after visiting the French Legion of Honor, so it was definitely a Franco-filled day. My girlfriend ordered the 3-course menu while I got the 4-course so we could both try the tasting fish.The appetizers we selected were the Salmon Trio and the Mussels & Freedom Fries. Salmon was tasty and refreshing, while the mussels were spot-on. Generous portion, delicious mussel juice/sauce (dipping bread into sauce = a must), solid french fries. Mussels looked so good that the woman at the adjacent table asked for some of ours, much to the horror of her dinner companion.Tasting fish was a seared scallop with risotto, can't really go wrong with that.For the mains, girlfriend ordered the sweetbreads while I, at the recommendation of our waiter, selected the chicken. While the sweetbreads paired with mushrooms were amazing, the chicken was the reason this review is not a 5-star (a curse on that French waiter with his elegant accent - I couldn't say no! Luckily he was a soccer fan so that redeemed him substantially). The chicken itself was rather bland and dry, while the amount of pepper used in the dish was overwhelming. When I commented on the peppery-ness of the dish, our waiter replied "Baht of course, ze sauce is a peppercorn sauce!" So duh on me?Desserts were fantastic, in particular my girlfriend's french toast with caramel ice cream. I ordered the chocolate cake, which was also lovely.Overall, Chapeau was excellent and warranted a 5-star review, if only for that peppery chicken (I don't care if ze sauce was supposed to be peppercorn, it was too peppery).
I only came here once, so perhaps I just had a bad experience, but... I will just write a short summary of my dinner at Chapeau!- We had reservations.- We were seated promptly without menus. We were not given our menus until 25 minutes of sitting.- We did not meet our waiter until 45 minutes of waiting.- My medium steak was so rare that my husband who loves medium rare could not get himself to eat it.- The food was average. I have had my share of French food before, and I did not think it was anything special nor memorable. (My husband and I ordered their four course menu).- I asked to box the meat so I can take it home and cook it longer. The waiter dropped a fork and a knife onto the floor, then placed them on the plate next to my to-be-boxed steak. The fork and knife that was on the ground was now touching my steak.I have heard it's better during lunch time...but I am not sure if I want to come here again.
The best restaurant on Clement Street and one of the best French and upscale dining places in the City! I first went to Chapeau! when it was on Clement and 15th. Now that it has moved into the old Clementine space it is still as great as ever, and the bar area adds an additional and much appreciate aspect to the restaurant. The ambiance is always fun, lively, and you feel as though you're with good company. The chef is always out on the floor to welcome guests and ensure your meal is amazing.Highlights on the menu include the sweetbreats, mussels, rabbit, skate wing and cassoulet. They have a really great create-you-own prix fixe menu: 3 courses for $38 or 4 courses for $48. If you're a vegetarian the chef always has an amazing vegetarian entree on the menu depending on the season. The wine list is also really well put together offering many under $50 options in both New World and Old World wines. Try Chapeau! and you'll certainly say "Wow!"
I came here last night for my dad's birthday. I had heard about this restaurant a long time ago, but could never get a reservation, so I thought I'd take my dad here yesterday. Growing up in a small family owned French restaurant, I have a lot of patience when it comes to service. I understand that it can get busy and to me, dining is an experience, so taking it slow is fine. But the service here was a little ridiculous! When we walked in, no one greeted us or even looked at us for about 3 minutes. And there were waiters and bus boys roaming around. We got asked twice what we wanted to drink before we even got the wine list.The food here is pretty good. Some of the dishes were bland and didn't have much flavor, but I loved my filet. It was cooked just right and came with mushrooms and potatoes. I was in heaven. My dad ordered the duck which was as tough as a chewy piece of steak. The flavors were good, but the duck wasn't cooked very well. My moms fish was cooked just right. Very moist. I would have given this restaurant 4 stars, but since the service was so odd, I'm giving it only 3.
My favorite French bistro in the city. I absolutely love the prime rib and bone marrow. I also add the seared foie gras, which is excellent with a taste pairing Sauternes. If you love French food/wine, this is the first place to hit when in San Francisco. Get a Bordeaux or one of the many beautiful Bourgognes. The souffle is also an incredible addition.Don't hold back because this place doesn't f around, and never disappoints.Gardelle will frequently greet you at the door and thank you after your meal. I always feel welcomed. The new location makes this restaurant better than ever.
Slightly disappointed...I took special friend (my word for bf...) here for his birthday and was expecting exceptional French food for a decent price. I'm sure you want to know my total bill and it was roughly $160 after tax & tip.They sat us down and took about 10 minutes to get bread to us to munch on, while they attended to different customers. We stared at the menu and were pretty elated at what they had to offer. We ordered a bottle of wine for $37 and I thought that was a decent price. A bottle of champagne was 60+ and other wines (red and white) were rougly $40-50. They started us off with freshly baked bread and it was toooo good. They gave us a sample of their asparagus soup and I wanted like 10 more cups considering the cup they gave it to us was smaller than an expresso cup.Here's what we had:ESCARGOT - Shelled and ready to go! Awesome! It was served ontop of scalloped potatoes and the flavor was just right.TRIO OF SALMON - Interesting. I didn't find 3 different types of prepared salmon in there but it was pretty good so I didn't complain.SWEETBREADS - I've never had sweetbreads before but if you think it's bread that's sweet, it's not. Haha. It's the thymus glands of some animal, I forget. The texture of sweetbreads compares to really really really soft chicken. This was paired off with a sauce that was pretty salty and mushrooms. I would order sweetbreads from here again.DUCK ENTREE - The fattiest duck I've ever had. We ordered it to be cooked at medium and there was so much fat on there I felt like I was going to chew forever. Two duck breasts sat ontop of mashed potatoes (which were good) and topped off with fruits: grapes, figs, pears. FILET MIGNON ENTREE - NO NO NO. I should have sent this plate back and have them recook it. We had it done medium since that's how I like most of my steaks cooked. In other words, I don't want it bloody. The first half of the filet mignon was pretty good, but the second half was mushy. MUSHY. It mushed around in my mouth and if you were to ask me, It didn't taste like beef. It was slightly disgusting and I was pretty disappointed. The potatoes and mushrooms that it came with on the other hand were delightful. I could go for a big bowl of that, but not the filet mignon. CREME BRULEE - THEY RAN OUT!!!?!?!??!?!?!?! I was SO sad. But they did have pumpkin creme brulee which we did try and that was interesting. We ended up just eating the sugared part on top, hahaAPPLE CUSTARD TART THING - Served with hazelnut icecream, YUM! This was pretty good. Better than the creme brulee.Overall, slightly disappointed and 160 dollars poorer. Oh well. I'm not sure if I'll come back here for a while...(Photos uploaded)
A three course dinner at $38 is a pretty good deal.My girlfriend started with the salade de duck for appetizer and I had a smoked trout. The duck was tender and melted into your mouth. However, the trout was a little too salty for me.For the main course we ordered the striped bass and scallops. The striped bass wasn't cooked evenly with parts being perfect and others overlooked. The scallops, on the other hand, was spot on. It was cooked nice and tender, and the risotto complemented it very well.As for the dessert, we had a creme brle and a baked Alaskan. The creme brle is pretty standard and yummy. And the baked Alaskan is a coffee ice cream with a rum cake on the bottom. I personally love rum dessert, so the baked Alaskan was great. Overall, dinner was delicious and everything was very light. I do feel that there are a few dishes that can be improved upon.
Unfortunately our experience did not live up to the 4.5 star average. I'm sure that 99.9999999% of the other times it would've been an amazing dinner and experience, but sadly we were just that unlucky.Cliff notes version:- Food poisoning- Our waiter smelled like a cuban cigar factory- 40 minute wait despite reservationsThe reason why I have to give it 2 stars, even though I know it probably shouldn't deserve it and I don't want to give it 2 stars, is because of two words....FOOD POISONING....This was a place I've always wanted to try. So many 5 star reviews read, so many recommendations. What could go wrong?? Well, let me tell you! Everything was going fine, until my friend's filet mignon was brought out. Nothing disconcerting when it was brought out at first, our food looked great. We snapped the obligatory food pictures that everyone does these days. The filet mignon was cut, and my friend commented on how tender the steak was. So far so good. As she started eating it though, I noticed her expression changed, and she had this puzzled look.She took a few more bites, and I asked if everything was ok. She just said that it tasted weird. So finally I tried a piece, and coincidentally at this moment, our waiter stopped by and checked on us. I didn't say anything to him yet since I wanted to check the food first, but I did notice that he REEKED of a cigarette factory. I mean...wow...this was beyond second hand smoke. That's another reason for the low stars. I understand when people smoke, but to have it reek so bad that I had to hold my breath was a bit too much. Our waiter was the older French guy with the really strong accent.So his breath and smoke smell covered up a lot of the food smell for awhile (it was a thick blanket), so I didn't smell too much first, but when I tried the steak, I immediately noticed the texture was nothing like meat. Most of the the meat was completely mushy, like grainy mashed potatoes. Almost similar to soft bone that's been boiled too long and just crumbles and smushes when you run a fork through it. The flavor was also somewhat bitter. There were some small parts of the meat that actually tasted like steak, but most of it was just questionable. After the cigarette stench finally cleared, I noticed the smell that was coming from the steak now that it was all cut up. It was nasty.I mean, I'm not sure how else to describe it, besides nasty, bad breath and BO mixed together. It was not pleasant. We knew that something was definitely not right. We brought this up to the hostess, and she offered to change the dish for us, but by this time, all hope was lost as the smell was making my friend queasy and nauseous. We ended the main course, and even though we were given complimentary desserts, we weren't interested anymore. I'm sorry Chapeau!, I'm sure your restaurant is a great institution. I don't think 1 star is deserving, since almost everything else was good. Our appetizers were good (tomato bisque and sweet breads), and the restaurant itself is cute and cozy. Besides the bad steak though, the other bad marks was the cigarette stench from our waiter, and the fact that we still had to wait 40 minutes even though we had reservations.Sigh...just our luck, with all these great reviews, we just happened to experience the unfortunate. In a way I do want to come back just to see how their filet mignon is on the regular night, but might be some time before I step back in.
I honestly wasn't that impressed with this place. I really didn't like the neighborhood and parking was hell. the service was decent, and the food was just okay. my friend and i had a few appetizers, scallops, filet, chicken, and chocolate cake. the entrees were amazing, but everything else was purely mediocre. the one thing that made the night great was my lychee martini. SO good. the rest of it was just okay.
We were greeted warmly and seated promptly when we walked in by the chef and owner Philippe Gardelle. We were expecting it to be a bit more stuffy but the ambiance was fairly casual. The menu is setup for you to make your own multi-course meal with a fixed price making the prices very reasonable for food of this caliber. The wine list is uninspiring without any great selections and no help from the staff. The food:For starters we had the mesclun salad and Porcini Crusted Sweetbreads. The salad was served with Fried Camembert and Pistachios and was quite large. The sweetbreads can be served as either and appetizer or entree and I found it perfect as an appetizer. It came about crispy yet lite with an excellent mushroom truffle sauce. I opted for the small fish course which was a scallop served in a fish sauce with bulgur. The scallop really missed and the bulgur just didn't need to be on the plate. That being said, the fish sauce was a hit but probably could have worked better as a soup. For entrees we ordered the Monkfish and Skatefish. The monkfish was served over a pesto risotto and was perfectly cooked. The Skate Wing was served in a Grenobloise sauce with fingerling potatoes. I would recommend either of these fish dishes. Service:Although their seemed to be a large waitstaff, they seemed constantly unprepared and lost. Our waiter didn't know the specials and didn't help very much in our food selections. He always seemed to be bringing more silverware that didn't make sense. He would come out with forks and then return a few minutes later with spoons, then knives, all separately. Someone else ordered a steak to share with they brought out to show the table. It was meant to be carved on a cart nearby but the cart had no knife. They had to go back into the kitchen to find an appropriate knife while the steak got cold. The food should get 4 stars and the service 2, making my overall 3 stars.
Great night at Chapeau. We sat at the bar and chatted to a friendly bartender, who helped us with awesome food and wine choices. Based on our food, he recommended a Chateauneuf du Pape, Clos de l'Oratoire - yummy! Three course prix fixe menu is really a great deal.... scallops and basil risotto and a cassoulet that we are saving for the weekend! All the food was great, ambiance perfect and the owner, Philippe greets all his guests. True class establishment.
This is for 4.5 stars. My girl friends and I came here for dinner a couple of weekends ago and had a fantastic time.Ambience: Cozy. The lighting was dim and appropriate for dinner. There were tables throughout the restaurant and then tables along the walls w/ bench seatings (the wall side). It's not a big restaurant, but I think it's a decent size for San Francisco. We made reservations weeks in advance, and even though we were late, they were still very accommodating.As usual, the head chef/owner came out to greet us. I was able to brush up on some French, so that made my day :)Food: We ordered from the pre-fixe menu. We had an option of getting 3 or 4 courses. The prices were very reasonable for SF and for a great French restaurant! I got the salad special (smoked trout, I recall) and it was delicious. For entree, I ordered the cassoulet. It was okay (prevented me from giving this restaurant 5/5 stars). Friends who got the other dishes loved theirs. For dessert, I got the chocolate cake and it was so rich and delicious! Wine was reasonable. There were bottles in the $35 range. You can bring in your own bottle for a $18/bottle cork fee.Attire: We were a little bit more dressed up, but we saw people come dressed in jeans.I loved the dining experience because it wasn't rushed. It was treated as an event, very similar to how the Europeans dine when they go out to restaurants. The only other improvement would be if the waiter would be more attentive with refilling water glasses.
Headed to Chapeau for our anniversary and it was delicious! It came highly recommended by my parents who have eaten here several times, each time loving it more and more. I hope to do the same! We arrived early and got the prix fixe menu. For $40 I had the half dozen Washington oysters on the half shell (fresh as can be!), the rabbit and duck cassoulet (rich, savory and flavorful but not overly rich...the rabbit was a hare dry -pun intended), and ended with the lemon tart. My husband had the escargot (a first for him and he loved it...not drowning in butter but enough to dip the fresh bread in), rack of lamb (the special - add an extra $11 but worth it...cooked to perfection - medium rare, perfect seared flavorful crust on the outside and juicy tender on the inside) and also ended with the lemon tart. Perfect amounts of each dish and outstanding service. The staff, including the owner, gave you just enough attention and friendly "hellos" to be nice but not make you feel like they were kissing your ass. The only reason it got 4 stars is because we were told they were full for reservations but we could do a walk in. Turns out the walk in is only referring to the bar seating...not ideal for an anniversary dinner but the food was good enough that I'd go again in a heartbeat!
Thank God I have friends who love to share. Two of us did the DAT menu, one ordered menu 1 for the foie gras appetizer. If I came here with non-sharers, I would do menu 1 with the foie gras, pork tenderloin, and meringue dessert. Salmon trio-- YUUUUMEscargot- Good, but I can passFoie gras- actually on the oilier side, so totally filling and delish. Bacon pork tenderloin - SO. Delicious. Skate Wing- Delicious but passableChicken- would not order. Just nothing spectacular.Nuage de Noix- O. M. G. THE dessert to get. Chocolate cake - pass. Although the ice cream paired with it was awesome.Creme brulee- Yummy, but you know.... it's creme brulee. A total lack of veggies tonight, but who cares. I'm going to sleep a fat happy kid.
I have never been to a French restaurant and this was a great place to start.The restaurant was small, cozy, and very personable. The waiter we had was very informative, the best part was the chef coming out giving his suggestions and taking your dinner order too.We ordered the fish, filet mignon, foie gras, onion soup, and the creme brulee.The fish was moist, succulent, and the sauce was very light. The filet was perfect cooked with mushrooms and potatoes. The foie gras was bigger than expected and very heavy, it tasted quite light with the added apple slices. While the onion soup was very hot, flavorful, and not too oniony.The creme brulee was the best I have every had. It was huge and luckily we shared it. Light and perfectly cooked. The bill was presented to us in a straw cowboy hat which was pretty cool. I am not used to how personable the chef was. He checked up on us and even hug and kissed us when we left. I felt like a regular customer here. It was more like a family experience than your typical restaurant experience.
A special place for a special birthday . . . classy but not stuffy. We arrived earlier than the rez time, but the hostess invited us in ANYWAY, first ones in for the 5 o'clock early bird prix fixe menu (if you are so inclined*), even got to pick our own demi-banquette near corner at the end of the bar, adorned by 7-foot long stem mixed roses. Basking in the warm, flattering rose/peach sconce lighting, attended by totally Mr. Attentive, took our cocktail order, asking what kind of water we'd prefer, explained a couple of daily specials and swiftly parted.  Next on the scene (after the cocktails arrived) Mr. le Chef, personally bringing our complimentary amuse bouche (palate opener), chilled cream of parsley soup -just 2 sips, enough to refresh our parched mouths. . .She ordered the classic French onion soup, then a festive vegetable medley in the shell of the main squash. I ordered the early bird, pear/blue cheese tarte frise, then the pork tenderloin (the perfect medium rare), wilted chard leaves and delicately decadent mashed potatoes garni (that tasted like yam to me!) The Chef came to ask after each course. Dessert - Crme brle for the lady and minced fruits de saison Napolon with the most amazing BASIL crme anglaise! macchiato & double espresso. AND, the Chef stopped by again. I said it was perfect, in perfect French. It was perfect, every single bite.* Prix fixe early bird ( 5 - 6p.m.) is a 3-course dinner chosen from a full page of varied selections. -under $30 (the amount you might pay for just the main course at any other French place). That's value, class, and hospitality all in one!
if you walk or drive too fast...you will miss this cute little restaurant, hidden behind a big tree. walked in w/o reservation but was greeted with a smile and waited at the bar for only 5min to be seated. (Please note: it was packed on a Thursday evening) Every staff was friendly and was genuinely happy to see us. The chef came out and personally shook our hands, WOW.Ordered my favorites: Escargot, Foie Gras (of course). Rabbit (a tad bit rough and bland), Filet Mignon (gorgeously prepared...super tender, cooked perfectly RARE). You have to try the ginger infused pallate cleansing vodka, so refreshing. Everything was good portions...absolutely no room for dessert/coffee. I can't say enough about the Chef...delivering the entrees! such a personal and courteous gesture!...if you like hats...you will love this place
My boyfriend and I went to Chapeau to celebrate an anniversary, and I have to say, we weren't nearly as impressed as we had hoped to be. The best part about our dining experience was our server, Michael. He was scrupulously attentive, recommended we change our wine selection to fit what we had ordered, and was just super sweet and knowledgeable in general. We weren't crazy about the ambiance, and we had mixed feelings on the food. Here's what we tried (all off the Dine About Town menu):- Chestnut soup: I don't love chestnuts, but this was hands down the best chestnut soup I've ever had. Definitely worth it. - Mesclun greens salad with fried cheese, grapes, pistachios: our other favorite dish of the night. I assumed this would be a "meh" salad, but it was completely delicious. - Baby chicken: decent, boring, well-seasoned but the seasoning wasn't to our taste (sorry, I don't know what it was seasoned with). - Branzino: the sea bass was probably our least favorite dish of the night. Even the mashed potatoes tasted funky, which is hard to do, and the fish was as much skin as it was meat. - Creme brulee: yummmmmmy. The portion size on this was huge, and the bottom of the ramekin was speckled with delicious vanilla beans. - Profiteroles: I love profiteroles, but I've had way better. Overall, this would probably be a three-star experience except that we enjoyed our service so much. I wish I had had the kind of dining experience that everyone else seems to be raving about, but ours was really just so-so.
Overall: 3.5 starshmm....I had such high expectations from the reviews, but is it worth $100/person (excluding taxes, beverages, gratuity) for a New Year's Eve dinner? Now I did enjoy the food and the wine, but I spent just as much for dinner at Gary Danko the night before. What I did appreciate was for executive chef, Philippe Gardelle, to come greet us at the table and provide a recommendation for a glass of wine.Prix Fixe Menu:Crab Cake, Herbed Aioli (4.5 stars): moist and light, a great way to start an evening.Day Boat Scallop, Cauliflower Mousse, Osetra Caviar (3 stars): unfortunately, not too memorableFoie Gras au Torchon, Crushed Berries, Brioche, Fleur de Sel (3.5 stars): personally I prefer foie gras to be prepared hot, but the traditional cold preparation was exactly what I expected, rich and buttery. I have to admit that the crushed berries did provide a nice sweet twist.Lobster Poached in Mussel Broth, Curry Tuile, Saffron Oil (3 stars): I enjoyed the broth.Veal Medallion Wrapped in Smoke Bacon, Chestnut Puree, Yellow Chanterelles, Veal Demi-Glace, Parsley (4 stars): I thought I would be starving at the end of the meal, but I was glad to see that it would take more than 1 bite to finish the veal. It was cooked medium rare, just what was recommended by the chef. The chestnut puree complimented it well and it wasn't overwhelming to the point where I couldn't enjoy the taste of the veal.Praline Cake, Coffee Creme Anglaise (3 stars???): too bad I forgot what it tasted like....I would definitely come back, but I would only be willing to spend ~$60.
I used to really like this place a lot. Me and my sister used to go here and wax poetic over the foi gras. We were even inspired to take a French class together because of this place. I don't know what happened but the food is now bland and the service SUCKS. We had to wait outside for ten minutes in the cold air, and it was after opening time. We also had a very snobby server who tried to speak french to us, probably to impress us, and who just walked away when we spoke back to him in French. He proceeded to ignore our table and at the end of the night, tried to fix his HORRIBLE service with dessert before our dessert came out. What?! It's sad to see such a good place go downhill like this but until they get better servers or change owners, I won't be back. There are better places for the price! Je ne sais pas, Chapeau!
We celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary at Chapeau and we were so pleased with our experience! Easily one of the best meals we've had, the ambiance is so romantic and perfect for date nights. We were there for almost three hours just savoring and enjoying every bite! They also accommodated our request for a corner table with no problem. We both picked Menu 1 which is a three course meal and a bottle of Husch Pinot Noir to go along with it. For starters, my hubby ordered the mussels, it came with shoestring fries that were to die for while I had the french onion soup. The soup blew me away! It was so delicious! Even the hubby agrees and he is a french onion soup snub. As for entrees, hubby had the filet mignon with bone marrow. Ah the bone marrow was like butter, amazing! I on the other hand had the veal sweetbreads. I wish I knew what sweetbreads were before I ordered it but hey it's great to try new things. It was very delicious but the sweetbreads were very filling so I didn't finish it. At this time we still had desserts to tackle, hubby picked the sorbet and I had the Alaskan Bake, and since we were celebrating our anniversary they gave us creme brulee on the house. All three were fantastic! A few things to remember, come here hungry! Portions are huge, they give you a free basket of bread and that night they also gave us each a complimentary crostini with some sort of pate while we were waiting for our starters. And the chef/owner was out greeting everyone and making sure all the guests were happy and enjoying the food. Really a great place to visit, very romantic and the price is unbeatable. We will be back!
Me and my finace recently dined at Chapeau, mainly because it is close to where we live and we were curious because we recently watched the restaurant being reviewed on Mystery Diner. The ambiance was really my only complaint. The restaurant is outdated, I don't think there was music playing, and tables were very close to one another, so you could easily hear your neighbors conversations. I thought the menu was interesting. I chose the 3 course option. I wished that there were more appetizer choices, but the butternut squash soup I chose was very nice. My date got the duck for his entree and I got the mussels. Both very good.  All and all, I probably would not go back (we are big on ambiance). Probably just because there are so many competing, great restaurants in the city, and this would not be my top choice. Another small note, there is no cocktail list (maybe if there was, and more of a bar, I would consider giving this another go).
Took my grandparents here for their anniversary. Great atmosphere, incredible staff. The food was delicious and served piping hot. Their extensive wine selection allows for amass of pairingsI ordered the Cassoulet de Toulouse: Canellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder, Duck Leg Confit, Garlic & Toulouse Sausage. When paired with the Chardonnay this selection was impeccable. The Chef greeted us at the door and was incredibly personable. Despite not having a reservation and a wait list a mile long, the staff had a table ready within 20 minutes of our arrival. Definitely a great place to eat in the Richmond.
4 1/2 stars for Chapeau. Took the boyfriend here for his birthday and we were quite pleased! We ordered the 4-course prix fixe menu (appetizer, tasting fish, entree, dessert) and also added the palate cleansers (a pre-entree sorbet). I would highly recommend getting the 4-course since it is a great deal AND the tasting fish is delicious (though you can skip the palate cleansers)! Here is the breakdown on our feast:APPETIZERS: - Cauliflower soup - 5/5: They brought us small cups on the house and it was delicious! Very creamy and flavorful.- Warm brie appetizer - 5/5: This made my night. I have had warm brie appetizers before, but never anything like this. It was the perfect balance of savory and sweet. I was blown away and would absolutely order it again!- Nicoise salad - 5/5: Unlike Nicoise salads I've had in the past, Chapeau used seared ahi, a quail egg, and very fresh ingredients. This was one of the bf's fav dishes of the evening.TASTING FISH:- Scallop in a lobster bisque with risotto - 5/5: This dish was heavenly and was the other standout dish of the evening. The risotto was flavorful and the lobster bisque really tied everything together - absolutely perfect. This is a MUST order if they have it on the menu.- Prince Edward Island Mussels - 4/5: I don't generally like mussels, but these were quite tasty. The accompanying fries were decent and served with a tasty seasoned mayo.PALATE CLEANSERSWe ordered both the trou normand (green apple sorbet) and the colonel (lemon-ginger sorbet). I thought the trou normand was decent, though nothing I would ever crave or order again. I disliked the colonel, but I hate ginger, so don't take my word for it. ENTREES (Note: Take my reviews regarding the entrees with a grain of salt, since we were far from hungry by the time they arrived.)Black cod with beef cheeks - 3.5/5: Decent, but nothing special. The mashed potatoes were tasty.Skate wing - 2/5: We didn't love the skate wing. The texture was not what we were expecting, and it was kind of sour and salty. There was little incentive to eat it since we were really full, so we skipped it after a few bites. DESSERTSCreme brulee - 4/5: Delicious. It is not served warm, but the vanilla bean flavor is terrific. This is one of the lighter desserts and a good choice if you are fairly full by the time dessert rolls around.French toast - 5/5: French toast for dessert? Sign me up! This is a bit on the heavier side, but I really enjoyed the caramel sauce and the hazelnut ice cream. I would order this again.SERVICEImpeccable. I accidentally made a reservation for the wrong night, but they still took us and gave us the perfect little corner table. Our waiter was very attentive throughout the meal and quite friendly without being overbearing.Though I didn't love the entrees, I loved EVERYTHING else and can't wait to come back to Chapeau!
What a charming place! Right of the bat I was greeted with a friendly handshake at the door, so I was tipped off that this would be unlike any other meal I've had on Clement Street. My Mom and I went there on an early Sunday evening and ultimately decided to go with the Early Bird Prix Fixe. My mom is one of my favorite dining partners as she too like the divide and conquer approach to dining so we can experience as many dishes as possible. We started with the escargot and trio of salmon. I found both to be well executed but neither lacked much flavor punch for me. That was alright though since the next course had plenty of amazing flavors! The skate was superb, served deboned (the last restaurant I went to in NYC made us take out the bones - awkward) with a sauce grenobloise, which I assume means delicious green sauce in French! I ordered the duck break which was also super fantastic, especially with the truffled polenta. [Ugh, I really wish I had gone to Chapeau for Sunday dinner tonight instead of eating crappy Chinese food. Okay, less whining more Yelping...]For me, the favors of the desserts we shared were most memorable. The Nuage de Noix Pretty much blew my mind. It was so sweet, yet refreshing with a nice variety of textures. The experience was so great and new for me that there was zero guilt in eating it (which is how a great dessert should work, IMO)! The French toast was great too, with a hazelnut ice cream that softly melted into a tender French toast. It was a bit sweet for me towards the end but that's because the serving size was pretty generous and I refused to leave any bites behind. I tell you this though, because I think it'd be a shame to have two French toasts at the same table - definitely try as many desserts as you can as I am positive they'd all be amazing.Go out and treat yourself to a nice dinner at Chapeau! Especially at this price point, with the fine service and amazing food you'll receive, there is no chance you'll regret it!
After reading the copious glowing reviews about Chapeau, I was ready to be wowed! But unfortunately, the few things that were off, were significant.So, in sum, for $150, we consumed a manic meal full of ups and downs. While the "flaw" of averages gives this meal a 3 star rating, nothing is average about it. My lady's appetizer was the Salade Landaise with Frisee (fancy word for white colored field "green?" I guess it is a field white. Duck Confit, Smoked duck magret (smoked duck sandwich meat slice), and fingerling potato chips, and french vinaigrette (not balsamic).It was Excellent. Crisp, fresh, immaculate, and a parcel of my Foie Gras appetizer was placed on top. Nice touch.My foie gras was pan seared, just a touch of crunch on the outside and all that yummy creaminess that foie gras should be on the inside. Bravo.The sweetbread (a.k.a. cow thymus, or other glands. Neither sweet, nor bread! =P) was again a very solid dish. My advice, don't get it if you get the foie gras. Very similar creamy, rich animal organ texture that was already achieved better with the foie gras. Also, the sauce on the sweetbread is the same as what is on the Filet Mignon. Our waiter told us in hindsight. Although excellent, I would have passed on the sweetbread, had I known.Our bi-polar meal turns for the worst when our two Filet Mignon entrees arrive. While tender like a newborn, our medium rare medallions were pink on the inside, but BONE DRY. Our jovial conversation begins to transform into various synonyms for SAW DUST. The limited sauce on the plate didn't make up for the meat's sandiness. I look over at a neighboring table's Filet Mignon: the gentleman's plate was just as arid. Not a drop of juice, blood, sauce, anything, the filet was a sponge.With 3 out of 3 steaks being dry, I was convinced that if I complained, nothing would change about the Filet Mignon. I suspect (though I am not sure) that the meat was over-aged, leaving little blood inside to moisten the meat.To quench the drought on my palette, the bordeaux wine I had was adequate. But at $13 for a meager pour, I was hoping for better.The desserts allow Chapeau! to redeem itself. The thinly sliced french toast had the crust removed and is drizzled in a light, caramelly/mapley sauce that I can't quite identify, and the Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream on top was decadent. The french toast barely had any egg yolk flavor and you could tell that a lot of care went into making this dessert. My chocolate cake (lava cake style) was very good, but Roy's has perfected that dish and Chapeau fell short of Roy. But the Rum ice cream paired with it was something special; as rich as it could be, and as full of Rum flavor as ice cream can hold.Like everyone says, the chef is a wonderful host and kisses my significant other on the cheeks on her way out.All in all, bi-polar gastronomy gets the belly full, and gives the emotional centers of our brains a roller coaster ride.
Came here with my girlfriend and we both got the 3-course prix fixe, which was amazing. I got the mesclun salad, dressing perfect, light delicious, a winner. She got escargot, which I tried for the first time ... and it was so buttery and garlicy I forgot I was eating a snail for a second. For entrees she got the cassoulet which was a ridiculous amount of food, duck, lamb, and sausage all top notch. The filet mignon I got was also good, although it was probably the one dish that didn't stand out, not to say it wasn't good, because it was.Dessert was 5-stars as well, she got Basil Napoleon and I had the trio of sorbets.The service was top notch and the atmosphere inside was bright and lively...perfect not too formal, but nice.Parking is pretty easy, relative to other areas of the city, out in the Richmond.
this place was good.the bread is served warm.the chef-owner is French. and nice. i think he was the chef-owner. i really don't know. just guessing.we sat at the bar because they were full in the dining room.the food was yummy.thank you for reading this.
So, here's the story all about how.. I found this petite restaurant on Clement St. in San Francisco. My friend was about to enter the 21+ club so my girlfriend was going to plan a birthday dinner for her. Luckily for Yelp, she found this place. Let's talk about the setting first! The restaurant may seem a bit cramped when you first get there, but once you settle down, the ambiance is just perfect. The service is as friendly as your next door neighbor can be (assuming your neighbors are really nice). Enough of me rambling, I bet you're itchin' to hear about the food...There are various options such as Prix Fixe for 3 courses or 4 courses, or you can just order an entree. For starters, they serve you bread and butter as you wait for your entree. But lucky us, we were given a small bite of Rabbit meat atop a crispy slice of bread that was on the house! I didn't feel like eating too much so I ordered an entree that consisted of Lamb Shoulder and Duck Leg Confit. It was phenomenal! The textures of the meats were excellently moist and the flavors took my taste buds for a nice gondola ride through a Venetian town. It's good.. I'm guessing you're heading there now. I won't hold you any longer. Enjoy
This place rocks!! This place has just been named my fave French bistro! We walked into the place with no reservations on a Thursday night for two. As I looked into the dining room, I noticed it was pretty full and I don't think that I'll be able to try this place tonight. The lady was very nice and said that there will be a opening in a few minutes...so we waited at the bar for a drink. Within minutes our table was ready and we were seated promptly. The decor of the place was nice and felt a bit homey. The chef came out and greeted us and thanked us for being there. I was amazed by that yet to have him personally deliver EVERY dish we had...WOW!Food...They started with a complimentary small cup of cauliflower soup with white truffle oil...it was amazing! It made my palates scream for more! The foie gras was rich but tasteful...this was probably the highlight of the meal besides the soup. The scallop with risotto and escargots were also screamingly great. The palate cleanser we had, the COLONEL, was very good with the infused vodka. The rare filet mignon was cooked to perfection. The rabbit was mediocre...seemed dry and was not as tasteful as some other rabbit dishes I had tried.5 Stars for my favorite French bistro.
Was recommended this place by a friend and the reviews indicated that the place is worth a try :) Do plan ahead for the parking adventure and practice your French greeting kisses (right cheek, then left)!The owner is VERY warm and kind. Despite having no more availabilities on OpenTable, the restaurant typically accommodates phone reservations and walk-in's, and will do anything in their capacity to upgrade you from atrium to bar seating or bar seating to table... so don't lose hope to try this popular spot.Chapeau has a lot of interesting dishes to try (escargot, bone marrow, skate have been pointed out by other reviewers as well) and these are all done very nicely. Specific notes regarding the courses we had at our table:* Trio of Salmon - scrumptious but for the croutons which can get soggy quickly. I pushed the croutons aside, thinking that the chef might find a better substitute to give the intended texture. Although I'm a fan of this dish still, it's not a trademark since salmon, capers, mash, and sprigs come at a variety of restaurants done similarly well.**** Escargot - well flavored and a hit! I had a lesser experience of escargot before, so I apprehended tasting the snail again, but this was as pleasant as calamari.* Wild Skate - another dish with capers (yum!) that was well complemented with potato mash and awesome sauce :)* Pork Tenderloin - the dish erred on the side of uniform sweetness incorporated by bacon... some may like this, but I felt perhaps the chef could have contrasted the pork and bacon more so with one salty and the latter mapled. Just my opinion that if you're going to have multiple meats in a dish, you might show the intention or some distinction between objects?**** Nuage de Noix - MY. FAVORITE. ...I will come back for you.* Creme Brulee - sets a good benchmark for the popular dessert. ***I'm not a chef myself and don't intend this to sound elevated, but soggy croutons and uniflavored, variable meats made me wonder.All in all, this is my new French escape of choice. Good food and atmosphere, without the snobbery... it's all bisoux here! Oh yeah, wine pairings accentuated the food really well, so ask for them!
My daughter and I had dinner here last May and it was fabulous! Thanks to all of you Yelpers for the recommendation. We opted for the three course Pix Fixed dinner for $38.00 (really, in San Francisco?). I had the wild caught skate wing and it was delicious. My daughter had the acorn squash and loved every bite. Desert was the warm chocolate cake--Yum. The food is definitely a great value for the money. I have spent much more for food that isn't half as good. Great wine list too.The restaurant is small, but cozy. We ate at the bar because we didn't make reservations until that day, but it was comfortable and lively, but not noisy. The chef is on hand at the end of the night to thank each diner as they leave. Nice touch.Can't wait to go back!
It was a lovely evening in every respect!
I've been wanting to try this place for a long time because I've heard such great things about it. We went for my SO's birthday and we were lucky enough to get a last minute reservation because we were planning on going to Flour + Water but the wait was 1.5 hrs.The ambiance and decor are ok, nothing spectacular however the food and service are superb. The chef greeted all the tables and made everyone feel so welcome. He really made us feel special and you could see that he took pride in his food and his restaurant. When we ordered a bottle of wine the chef presented our bottle and told a cute story about the history of the bottle of wine we chose.There were 6 in our party so between all of us we ordered the 3-4 course pre fixes, 2-filets, and the cassoulet. Our appetizers were, the sweet bread, mussels and frites, foie gras, escargo, salmon carpaccio, and the french onion soup - ALL FABULOUS but the foie gras and salmon carpaccio were my favs.The 4 course dinner comes with a fish of the day dish, that day the dish happened to be a large sea scallop seared over pesto risotto - OMG it was the most delicious scallop and risotto I've ever had. I wanted more. In fact, I wish I could have swapped my main course for more seared scallops and risotto.The steak was done well, the skate was yummy, I love the sauce it was in and the little gnocchis that accompanied it was perfectly done. I ordered the duck, it was good but not memorable. Next time I go, I'll probably try another main dish.The desserts were great but I was so full by the end that I could barely enjoy most of it. I had the chocolate cake, the creme brulee was ordered, as was the french toast and cheese plate. The desserts were good.Chapeu! has amazing service, the portion sizes are healthy, you won't leave hungry, and best of all it's all decently priced. Where else can you get such a great 4 course pre fixe for $50!I enjoyed it very much, I just wish it wasn't all the way out in the Richmond. How about opening one in SOMA!?!
My parents, from NYC, and their good friends from Carmel went here tonight on my recommendation and had a terrible experience. My father and friend ordered the filet mignon, medium and medium rare, and both arrived almost raw. They had to send them back, and then it took forever before they were served again. Trang L from Burlingame, who also ate at the restaurant tonight, wrote "we also saw the waitress yelling at elderly customers asking if their food is ready: "It's coming" and walked away." I believe the "elderly customers" were my parents and their friends. When the steak finally was finally served again, it was tough and poor. They also said the waiter was unpleasant and surly. I will never recommend Chapeau again.
i do a catch up dinner with 2 of my hs gfs at least once a yr bc of our busy schedules..it was great seeing them and seemed like no time had passed between us..we were promptly seated at the back booth table.. those booths were pretty comfy! after looking at the menu, we all decided to order the 3 course prix fixe..amuse bouche: cauliflower soup-liked thisapps:-foie gras: pan seared on top of brioche with micro greens and sliced apples: i love foie and this was pretty good w the glaze they served -onion soup: i'm not a fan of onion soup so i skipped on trying this but my friend liked this-trio of salmon: i was too into my foie to try this but the tartare looked good and my friend liked this as wellentrees:-skate wing in brown butter w fingerling potatoes: i like to order meat when i'm out at restaurants but hadn't had fish in a while so this was calling out to me- eat me, eat me. this was so good, i'd order it again in a heartbeat in addition to a meat course, of course! -bacon wrapped pork tenderloin: this looked yummy and tender and my friend confirmed this. i'd order this next time around.-petit poussin: pretty good portion and the chicken was nice and juicy according to my friend.desserts:-nuage de noix (roasted pistachios, almonds & hazelnuts in a frozen chantilly & Italian Meringue): never had this before so i loved this! not too sweet-light and creamy. i like nuts so loved the crunch throughout. i could've done wo the citrus soup on the bottom though. i would order this again along with another dessert i haven't tried. -trio of sorbet w a hazelnut basket on top: i like hazelnut so the basket was yummy. the sorbet was what you'd expect- light, tangy and refreshing. i'm a bigger fan of ice cream than sorbet so this was good but i wouldn't order it myself. -vanilla creme brulee: i'm not a huge fan of traditional vanilla creme brulee bc it's just. so. blah.. but my friend always orders it whenever we go on our dinners.. i had a bite and it was good but standard. side notes:-parking can be hard to find-the place is cute but cramped-service can be a bit slow-portions are a good size and the bread is nice-have pre fixe, tasting, and early bird menusoverall, i liked everything i ordered so i'd come back again.. just not anytime soon. so many other places in the city i have yet to try..
Great french restaurant. When we arrived the owner greeted us and made us feel right at home. The food was overall great. Their mussels were very tasty some of the best I've had in San Francisco. I went with the three course meal and was completely stuffed by the end of the night ... next time I may start with a lighter appetizer. The service was also great. Will be back again.
Decided to go to a French restaurant for Shruti's birthday. Chose this place coz it sounded like the wine 'chateau'! It was definitely worth the try!Very warm servers! Extra-friendly chefs. The head-guy personally greets you and helped us with some advice. On request, they did bring candles with the appetizers! Sweet! Love the house-special veggie salad(forgetting the name!).Nice small foodie haven! Should try it once!
Horrendously rude on the phone!Yesterday I tried to ask a few questions in the hopes of booking a $1,000 retirement dinner, and treated SO rudely which ended in being hung up on to top it all off!I called at 5pm, aware of a dinner crowd, but figured that 5pm on a Tuesday evening right when they open would be the best time. It was unclear from their website about being accommodating for a gluten free diet. When I called, I was first placed on hold by one gentleman, then the phone was picked up by another gentleman, again placed on hold, and then for the third round a woman picked up the phone.I asked how accommodating their menu is for a gluten free diet, and that I wanted to plan a retirement dinner. She was blunt and quick on the phone, stating that the meats and fish are cooked to order and there's no flour in the sauces. When I tried to get more clarification and asked if the only gluten free items are the meat and fish entrees and if I could be emailed more detail on what items can be made gluten free, she told me to check the website, and since the menu changes daily she cannot tell me what the menu may look like in 2 and a half weeks, then just as I started to ask about corkage fees, she hung up on me.Wow. Talk about making some one who's trying to inquire about allergy accommodations for their guests feel like a leper! SUPER rude! I immediately contacted another restaurant in the city, told them of my experience on the phone with Chapeau, and was told that they had no problem answering my few questions and concerns and would be more than willing to host our dinner.Chapeau just lost a $1,000 dinner. Hope the snobby staff likes that.
It's been awhile since my Chapeau! experience. I came here for Valentine's Day last year with J. Just going by memory, I'd say that the absolute standout from the meal was the Montchevre Goat Cheese Napoleon. That thing seriously started a party in my mouth. We also had a scallop appetizer, which was good, but disappointing because there was only one lone scallop. For our mains I had the cassoulet and J had the lamb shank. The cassoulet was ehhh... I wouldn't order it again. J's lamb shank was delicious and well portioned. I don't remember what we ordered for dessert, so it was probably pretty unremarkable. The restaurant itself is small and cramped, but that goat cheese appetizer more than makes up for any minor flaws Chapeau! may have.
Solid spot. Interesting crowd and mix for a French bistro, but the staff, the guests, everyone was a joy. It is quite unassuming, behind an unassuming facade. It's white cloth and near fine dining with fantastic service. It's crowded, and our table was located in a less than perfect spot, but they really do a fantastic job servicing you, and it was never a problem for our group of 4. For a french restaurant on Clement, they went the extra mile... a tasting menu that included sweetbreads as an app, filet with bone marrow, or duck breast, among other choices for the entree, and a wonderful array of desserts... creme brulee, a french toast, as well as a wonderful cheese plate for more than enough for two. I grabbed a Sauternes as well, at the close of the meal.... so you won't be disappointed for a aperitif to digestif french style coursed dinner. The wine list is accessible, without too much depth, so you won't be too stymied. It's should be easy to figure out, but I am sure they will offer assistance.Well done!
I only come here every few years because I do not live nearby. The place is consistently good. The food is very good. The waiter was so attentive, knowledgeable and helpful. The prix fixed menu is a good deal. Everything we had was very good
Came to old faithful Chapeau for my bf's birthday last night. Still as amazing as ever. Tomato Bisque, superb. Oysters, not the slightest hint of "fishyness." Filet Mignon, outstanding. Duck, tender as can be.I'm telling you, this is still, by far, my favorite french restaurant. And for those doubtful individuals out there, try it. It's not pricey like Fleur de lys or Gary Danko, and the food is fantastic, as well as the staff.
For the quality of the food and what you pay for here is awesome! If you don't wanna spend a ridiculous amount of money on delicious French food, this is the place to go! You don't have to dress up super fancy here at all. The owner is always friendly and goes up to all his customers to see how theyre doing! Wonderful customer service! Plus he let us use his meter card because my husband and I forgot to get change and only had bills! This restaurant is one of the restaurants we recommend to our friends when they wanna try out French cuisine without breaking the bank.
Tonight I went with Kevin to celebrate his birthday. We ordered the fixed price menu and some nice wine to go along with it. The food was excellent,especially the pan seared scallop. My duck confit was cooked very tenderly and Kevin's Filet Mignon would melt in your mouth. Well, the interior was not very fancy but you can feel the Parisian atmosphere around you. I loved this bistro and will definitely come back for more. Tips: Order the mussels, it is very tasty.
Wonderful meal. You must have a reservation as there is a very small waiting area but the wait is worth it. The food and service are excellent. Full bar and the owner is a hands on host. He followed us outside when we left to give a hug and ask how our meal was. He's a charmer.
What can I say about Chapeau!.... Not enough good things! My husband and I were treated like long lost friends upon arrival to the restaurant this past Saturday when we stopped in to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. We were greeted at the door with a hearty handshake from the chef, and proceeded to experience one of the best meals either of us has ever had. I loved how informal Chapeau is for the diner. The food is very hearty, yet sophisticated and the ambiance is not snooty or stuffy at all. It feels like you are in the best of neighborhood cafes. My husband enjoyed the chef's tasting menu, while I decided to try the 4 course "choose your own" meal. First of all Sea Bass with braised Oxtail - who knew that could be so awesome? We decided that Chapeau is definitely one of our new SF favorites. We will be back!
All I can say is, "Wow."But if you need more:- amazing atmosphere- amazing service, especially at the bar- foie gras was fantastic, their tasting fish (scallop with risotto and lobster bisque) delectable, pork tenderloin mind-blowing- chocolate cake was out of this world.Coming back whenever I go to SF.
Where to start.... Came here with my BF for our two year anniversary. We decided, heck why not - let's do something fancy shmancy and the whole she-bang and throw ourselves in expensive French food to express our love for each other. What we got was a whole lot of French food and good service, minus the waiter with the thick French accent.The hostess was nice enough to open the door for us when we entered, which was something unexpected, but nice. It was if she was waiting for us to come in and it was our cue to enter the restaurant.The place is pretty small. The tables are microscopically close to each other, is that a French thing? I'm not sure.Anywhoo, the chef was nice enough to come out and greet everyone and shake hands before slaving away in the back, which I thought was nice and unique.We decided on the prix fix menu which looked pretty good and decent priced.I ordered the tomato bisque with crab cake, the trio salmon and the tahitian vanille creme brulee.Let us begin!tomato bisque with crab cake - yummy bisque with just the right amount saltiness/spiciness and creaminess! the crab cake was delish especially in the middle of the bisque. the two combination was perfection.trio salmon - for those of you who watch THE BEST THING I EVER ATE - CRUNCY, and ted allen's segment on the black bass with the crunchy outside and the moist fish inside... TA DAAA! I've found another incarnation of it, but with salmon! And instead of fish sauce/oil, there was some spinach puree, yellow tomatoes and sweet corn!! OMG SWEET CORN! Perfecto along with the sweet yellow tomatoes. I was shocked when I bit into the salmon, and it was moist inside, and the top and bottom were CRUNCHY.. *crunchnomnomcrunchcrunch* creme brulee - twas good! the top tasted like marshmallows, but a bit too sweet, but STILL it was really good!oh and complimentary anchovy sticks! PLUS!Service - Top notch! They kept coming back to refill the water and add more bread. The only thing that bothered me was the old French waiter who had a really thick French accent. Alright, I know... what could be more authentic than a French waiter serving you in a French Restaurant. BUTTTTT he seemed agitated that I and the table next to us couldn't understand what he was saying. As the other table said: "Language of Love My Ass." And when one of the waiters handed us a dessert menu, even though we ordered dessert already, the old French guy looked like he was about to come after him with him an ax and chop his head off and quickly apologized for the menu distribution. Uhm.. CHILLL old French guy! It's just a menu, please don't fire him or punch him out. It was a simple mistake.But all in all, minus scary old French man, I'll come back some day!
what i love about this place is the friendly atmosphere. the chef and owner is a loud Frenchman who greets every single customer and is more gregarious than most people i've met. after stepping foot outside of the restaurant an employee of some sort realized we hadn't received a proper goodbye (which didn't matter to us) and opened the door to say "have a nice evening." so friendly these people. they really make you feel welcome.the food was pretty good. i got to try various options from their $28 pre fixe menu. what stood out for me was the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and the nuage de noix. what in the world is nuage de noix, you ask? i couldn't tell you for certain but i will say it was like a light ice creamy thing topped with whipped cream and crushed nuts. mixed in with the ice creamy goodness were different nuts including pistachios, hazelnuts and almonds. yum!
Holy. Fois.Gras. Batman, this place is A.MAY.ZING. Bestie's Birthday Dinner. Nine really loud, "expressive" people, and about as many bottles of wine. This place is a gem. We ordered everything from frisee to creme brulee and everything was divine. I called in advance to check up on gluten/dairy free options - which, in a FRENCH restaurant is usually impossible - and, they were so lovely and accommodating!!! I don't know when I've had a better time, or, enjoyed my food more. The waiter was adorable as well. Merci!!! Vive Chapeau!!!!!
came here for a double date with the cousins. we all ordered the prefixe 3 course meal. i like that you get to choose from the regular menu what you want! for appetizer: i had the salade landaise - so good with duck confit!! husband had the salmon trio, which was good, but he wasn't blown away.for entree: husband had the cassoulet - which was incredibly hearty. it was a HUUUGE portion! lots of beans. i had a fish... it's no longer on the menu, but it was so light and flaky, and the crispy skin added a really good texture to it.for dessert: i had the french toast. i don't even remember what anyone else had..... maybe creme brulee? but the french toast was SOOOOO GOOD! and the hazelnut ice cream? it made my day. the service was impeccable. the bread was wonderful. the dessert blew me away. highly recommended!
I love this place no matter what anyone says!!I go for the early bird special and they have never failed me. =)I love that it's really nice and cozy. I can hardly understand them with their french accent but it's so sexy, i don't care! The chef comes out to make sure everything is okay and everything is done so promptly. I love the efficiency and how they make you feel comfortable.  It's a nice little place for a quiet dinner. Some dishes may be a little heavy handed on the salt but overall, it's not bad at all. The flavors tend to balance themselves out and you leave feeling pretty satisfied.
Chapeau! is truly the quintessential SF gem. The food here is unbelievably reasonable for what you get and I have yet to try a dish here that hasn't been very, very good....the prix fixe is only $28 if you come between 5 and 6pm...that's an AMAZING deal for what you get...even at $38 during standard hours it's quite the deal...there are upcharges for certain items like the filet or foie gras but, in all honesty, this is probably the best value I've experienced at a fine-dining establishment...I've been here several times and the last few times I've been here I've ordered the same thingApp- Trio of Salmon: Gravlax, Tartar & Caviar, Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache, Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing WOW...this is a great dish and as a salmon lover, everything from the plating to contrast in flavors is awesome...Main Course: Filet Mignon, Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Sauce  la Prigourdine ($6 upcharge)Another spectacular dish...This is got to be one of the best filets that i've ever eaten...the combination of potatoes, 2 different types of mushrooms and delicious sauce is KILLER...definately a must try if you're a meat lover...I've gone with a friend who actually added foie gras ON TO his filet...tell me that doesn't sound spectacular...LOL...sorry anti-foie gras folks....i'm all about yum factor and for me, foie gras=yumX10Dessert: French Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream Who knew french toast could be so delicious...the portion is very generous and it has yet to disappoint...think "bread pudding slathered in hazelnut ice cream"....hungry yet? I am!For those of you that appreciate a great meal at a great price, you must make reservations and go here ASAP. Thank me later.
Took my friend here for her birthday and it was a very nice dining experience, definitely didn't disappoint. The restaurant itself is cozy and romantic, perfect for a date or special occasion. We decided not to order from the 3 course menu but instead each got an entree and an appetizer to share. They gave us a tasty creamy cauliflower soup and bread basket to start with. We wanted to try their escargot (fancy snails) and they were alright. It was drenched in garlic butter, which was great for dipping the bread in. I ordered the Bouillabaisse and boy, was it delicious! The fish broth was so rich in flavor, yet very comforting. I loved dipping the cheesy bread in the broth! The seafood were cooked just right and in the perfect amount. I was super stuffed but managed to finish my entire plate. Got a bite each of my friends' bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and the braised duck leg dishes and they were equally yummy. We had no room for dessert, but I definitely would like to come back to try their salmon trio and duck. The host and owner were both very sweet, and made sure we were enjoying our dinner. They definitely made us feel at home!
I was really excited to try Chapeau after reading so many raving reviews about their French food. I made reservations for 8:30pm, but when we arrived, the hostess asked us to wait at the bar until our table was ready. Thirty minutes and a two drinks later....we finally get seated.My boyfriend and I both decided to try the 4 course menu for $46 which includes an appetizer, flying fish, entree, and dessert. Here's a quick run through of what we had:Appetizers:French Onion Soup - So delicious! It definitely hit the spot and satisfied my French onion soup craving.Seared Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad - 3 pieces of seared Ahi Tuna on a bed of salad, potato fingerlings, anchovies, and a quail egg on the side. Very light and refreshing!Foie gras - This is a special appetizer, but I have a feeling they have this special all the time since so many Yelpers talk about it. The foie gras was my favorite of the night! It was perfectly seared and plated on top of a soft piece of white toast. The Asian pear on the side complemented the foie gras perfectly!Flying fish: This is a seafood special that changes daily. We had scallop over risotto with sauce. It was good, but nothing amazing. Entree: Rosemary Baby Chicken - The chicken was cut into 4 pieces (2 legs and 2 breasts). It was tender and lightly seasoned but nothing spectacular.Skate Fish (related to the sting ray) - really soft and prepared over a sauce. I don't remember the taste of the fish too much since it was my boyfriend's dish, but he seemed to enjoy it. Dessert:Baked Alaska - I usually love this dessert, but it was way too sweet and the flavor of the rum was really strong. French Toast - Can't go wrong with French toast! It was warm and drizzled with buttery cream sauce and had a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. The waiters are really nice and my water glass was constantly refilled. The service can be a bit faster...be prepared to spend at least 2.5 hours here! The restaurant is a little stuffy and the tables are placed too close together. I couldn't help listening in on our neighbor's conversations. Overall, I really enjoyed the food and was pleased with my experience at Chapeau! Next time I come back, I'm going to try the filet mignon and bone marrow - it looked like a meat lover's heaven!
I can't believe I haven't written a review for Chapeau! yet! I've been here twice and I absolutely loved it both times. My first visit was when they were at their old location. It took about a week or so before we were able to get reservations and ended up getting it for 5pm for a party of 4. It was probably because their old location was a lot smaller than their current. I don't remember what we had but I know the experience was great. Chef Phillipe came out and talked to each table, making you feel like a very valued guest and also like a regular! After my first visit, I knew I wanted to come back for a celebratory dinner or something. I drove by their old location and noticed it was closed.... I was so so sooooo sad. Then one day while I was walking on Clement, viola! Chapeau! had simply moved!!! My bf and I came here to celebrate my new job a couple months ago. I believe we had reservations for 8pm. Upon entering, Phillipe was there to greet us and promptly seated us. It didn't take long for our server to come and greet us. We settled for their prix fixed menu (again I don't remember what we had). Our server was attentive, the ambiance was great and everything was just perfect. When it got a little less busy, Phillipe came over to our table for a quick chat. He asked us how our meal was and had a conversation like we have been friends for years. As we continued eating, I watched the other guests leave (I was facing the door) and as they all left, Phillipe said goodbye with a handshake and a European kiss. There was a point in time when he was busy doing something so he wasn't able to say thank you and goodbye to a party that was on their way on so he (are you reading this??) RAN OUTSIDE to look for them to say goodbye and thank you!!! I mean who else does that?? None other than Phillipe himself! I felt like a regular here and I know I will definitely be back because of that and their great food.
* This restaurant gets a 4.5 out of 5*So I decided to come here last minute with some friends for Dine About Town and boy am I glad that I decided to go. We arrived a little early and decided to have a drink at the bar. I decided to have a glass of Chardonnay ( don't remember what kind but it was recommended by the bartender ). Once the rest of our party arrived we were quickly seated. As we mulled over the menu not many things popped out at me. We decided to follow the DAT menu that they were offering and for starters I got the Mesculun salad. This salad had just the right amount of greens, fried cheese, pistachios and dressing. the others in my party got the trout salad and french onion soup. I tasted both and they were also very good. For entrees two of us got the rosemary and lavender chicken over a bed of greens and topped with a jumbo prawn. The other person got the Pork loin I believe with mashed potatoes and spinach. Although the serving size was small (it's a french restaurant!) the food was absolutely amazing. I never wanted it to end.For dessert two of us had the creme brulee and the other profiteroles. The only complaint we had was that the profiteroles were just too chocolatey ( If thats even possible).Also during the meal they brought us out a free appetizer which was almost like an eggplant bruschetta that was extremely tasty.We also ordered a half order of their mussels. The broth was good but just not as good as others i have had. This was why I gave the restaurant 4.5 stars instead of 5.Already have reservations made to come back again in the next few weeks. This is a definate must try for anyone who like french food.Thank you Chapeau!!!!
Like the reviews before me, last night I too found that Chapeau! is a fantastic spot to take your man for his birthday. In fact he mentioned this might be his new favorite restaurant. Success!I am usually a red wine girl but we decided on a bottle of white to compliment the fish, and our waiter helped us pick out a fantastic French chardonnay.We both got the salmon trio to start- I typically I prefer ordering a variety of dishes because I love sampling, but it's a good thing we didn't because there is no way I would have shared even a bite of this plate. It was that good. For our entree I had the white flounder and he ordered the duck- each was excellent and also served with mashed potatoes which happens to be a weakness of mine. For dessert he got the profiteroles and I the basil napoleon. I enjoyed my choice at first, but my other weakness is chocolate which left me eating half of his dessert instead. Oops!I was delighted to find that Chef Phillip really does in fact greet you when you enter by shaking your hand, and bid you adieu with kisses on each cheek when you leave, exclaiming that he can't wait to see you again at his restaurant.I love eating French, and Chapeau! is just the best.
5/5 stars on the Wing Scale... - Quality of product: 3 of 3 stars - Quality of service: 1 of 1 star - General feelings of happiness: 1 of 1 star I have given some 5-star reviews before but this has to be the BIG DADDY of them all!!Chapeau! has got to be one of my new favorite restaurants in SF. What I love about this place:SOLID FRENCH FLAVORS:We had the special of the night... cote de beouf for two! The chef brought the near-finished product to our table to show us the 2+ pounds of deliciousness. Then, he whisked it aside to a cutting table where he cut and plated the dishes in front of us. It was fun to watch but MORE fun to eat. As an added touch, they also served the bone marrow (still inside the bone-- you use a special spoon to scoop out the fatty marrow... I admit, this was a little overwhelming for me!). We were surprised (in a pleasant way) by the very bold flavors in the Roquefort sauce. The black truffle/ pepper sauce was more subtle but just as delicious. The special comes with the gratin and chard on the side (more than enough for two people). We had a nice, slow meal progressing from the smoked trout amuse-bouche to the trio of salmon appetizer to the cote de beouf to the profiteroles! Perfection!! UNASSUMING LOCALE: Chapeau! is a simple yet elegant neighborhood restaurant in the RICHMOND! It is cozy and unpretentious. I mean, it's in the Richmond... not the Mission, not Downtown, but the RICHMOND... just down the street from truly dirt-cheap Chinese diners. The atmosphere was conducive for hubby and me to start chatting up the staff and other diners. I loved it!AWESOME STAFF: The owner/chef Philippe is hands-on to say the least; he greeted everyone in the house, helped out with diners' drink choices, etc., etc... The super-attentive waiters even learned it was my birthday, informed Philippe, and treated us to complimentary profiteroles! At the end of the evening, Philippe sent us off with a handshake/ double cheek-kiss. All in all, a very happy birthday meal for me. I'm already planning my next trip back-- a weeknight prix fixe meal to sample more of Chapeau!'s dishes.
Everything about this restaurant is outstanding. This is my current favorite restaurant in SF. One of my favorite things about it was that the chef himself came to our table and helped us select our appetizers and wine pairings. The food here was gorgeous, especially the desert. I would come back in a heartbeat.
I came for the early bird prix fix menu ($28 per person). I was with a group of 4 people and we were surprised by the crowd. People without a reservation were being turned away! Luckily, we had a reservation and were seated immediately.It was nice that there were 4 of us because I was able to taste almost everything on the menu. All of it was amazing! My three course meal had the following:STARTER: Escargots. It was served on a plate with six divots each with one snail served with a butter, parsley, and garlic sauce. I was apprehensive at first, but it was good. MAIN COURSE: Prince Edward Island Mussels served with Pomme Frites. The mussels were infused with an amazing white wine sauce. The fries were thin-cut and had a really good dipping sauce.DESSERT: French Toast, Soft Caramel, and Hazelnut Ice Cream. I was pretty full by the time dessert came around, but I finished it all! I was impressed by the quality of the food and service at this place. Our waiter answered all our questions and provided ample time between courses. I'll definitely be back especially because I was told that the menu changes every couple of weeks.
I had a great experience dining at Chapeau!. The service stood out the most. I have never shaken so many hands with the restaurant staff before. First it was the host, then it was the owner/chef, and then the owner/chef again. The waiter didn't shake my hand, but he was perfectly friendly and attentive. The service gets 5 stars.The food was really well-priced. We happened to make it here for their Early Bird menu, which was 1 appetizer, 1 entree, and 1 dessert for under $30. It's not the entire menu but it had what I wanted. I would recommend the corn soup with crab cake. That was simply delicious. The salmon and the pork entrees were ok. The French Toast ice cream dessert was really good, just not wow. The food gets 4 stars.The ambiance was splendid. The tables were full but there wasn't a mob outside staring in at us. Everything was clean and the other patrons were friendly. I had a great time here.
This is another place I have heard so many times and glad that I can visit it finally. 5 of us god this idea from one in this group. We couldn't get a reservation from open table, we were determined so left a message. Guess what? we got a call from the restaurant saying we'll have the last table for the early bird deal...$31 something for 3-course meal, what a deal! It is a French bistro for sure, all nice things starts from warm and nice structured baguette. We ordered different starters from salad, tomato soup and trio salmon - all prepared in good quality. We ordered entries included pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, the tenderloin can be cooked a little less time. There were mussels were ordered and they liked it. For dessert - Creme Brulee,  french toast. Creme Brulee is okay, yet, the french toast made very well...Service was efficient and friendly! especially, the owner greeted everybody and had to say "good bye" to each one of us in French way...
I had high expectations coming into Chapeau!, but I'll tell you what, it was even better than I anticipated.Service: Fantastic. Sometimes the service team knew that I needed help before I even did. Food: Really wonderful, as expected. We had the mussels, the smoked trout, the filet mignon and the duck. For dessert, we had the apple tart and creme brulee. Great from beginning to end. The tasting dish we received, the scallop over pesto risotto, was also perfectly cooked and tasty. Ambience: a lot louder than I would have expected, but whatever, didn't bother me much. Seating is tight so unless you have a reservation well beforehand don't try it. Very cozy, however. From end to end, I'll definately go again as soon as I can afford it.
POPULAR! This place was packed - reservations are a must.There were a lot of yelpers in there for Dine About Town - but peeps, they have a pre fixe all the time for $38, for 3 courses :)Food was great but service was just ok for me. We wait a LONG time for water and bread and menus. The chef coming out to shake hands and thank people for being there was a nice touch that seems to ONLY happen French places.FOOD:Mesclun salad - perfect, very very tasty, huge portionCauliflower soup - yummy, tasty with truffle oilAmuse bouche - potato thing, yummy.Mussels - huge portion, light wine sauce. goodDuck breast with polenta and pear - very tastyCreme brulee - I think this is the best Creme brulee I have EVER had in my life - and an enormous portionBasil Napoleon - tropical fruit mixture with an interesting basil bitterness to it.Large, expensive wine list - do half bottles or bring your own - corkage is $18.Ended up being $70 per person with wine and tip.
Chapeau - where did the time go? How did 7+ years pass before we would share a meal together again? And in another location? We used to be regulars at both Clementine and Chapeau during the early 2000s. But life happens...Then we heard that Chapeau moved and Clementine closed. Tonight was our first meal in the old Clementine space and...Merci beaucoup!The food and service were phenomenal! We arrived at 5:45p and the 3-course early bird special (~$32) was still available. The mesclun salad was lightly dressed and served with fried camembert cheese (delicious and refreshing!). I had the pork tenderloin served with a root veggie puree/greens - perfectly seasoned and light. The skate was also nicely seasoned (and it's easy to overcook fish). Another person in our group ordered the filet mignon with bone marrow, which was cooked to order and I imagine delicious as his entire plate was clean at the end (except for the bones).Service was impeccable but not stuffy. Similar to a good wine, I'd say that Chapeau has aged well over time!!!
Ok, I update with one more star.This time, we sat and ate at the bar. the restaurant was full and being at the bar actually seemed to give us more privacy than if we had sat at a table, so that's one minus less than the previous time.Also the bartender, Bee, was pretty awesome, which also remove the little minus of awkward service.Still a wonderful experience, without minuses = 5 stars :)
I've been to chapeau! several times now and have not been disappointed. From when it was in the smaller location on Clement to it's more recent bigger restaurant a few blocks away at the old Clementine's location.The prix fixe or early bird special is the best value for excellent french food.I've had the trio of salmon, mussels, and escargot. All were equisitely done.For dinner, I've eaten the cassoulet, filet mignon, once on the menu they had dinner for 2 special...a bone in rib for 2 served with roasted bone marrow on the side...my husband and I shared that.For dessert, I usually get the profiteroles....yummy flakey puffs filled with vanilla ice cream dipped with dark velvety chocolate.The service is classy but not snooty. They are very friendly and accommodating.The chef comes out to greet you and thank you. You get white linen service at a reasonable price. A wonderful and classy place. Delicious food! Great place to finish a bottle of wine or two while enjoying dinner with good company.
Yelp does not allow me to use the greater sign. Oh well. Came here recently and it's a reminder that Clementine's was *Greater Than* Chapeau...It's an emotional thing :).AtmosphereThe place is packed both in the sense of customers and tables. Standard fare small restaurant. I was surprised even the bar seating requires a reservation now. I understand the restaurant's need to pack as many tables as possible to meet demand. But, how close is too close when you can grope the person next to you and unintentionally start a couple's groping match?The entrance no longer opens on the bar side, but on the table side. I point this out for frivolous memories (queue 'Memories' from Cats).Food/DrinksThe food was decent so let me attempt to qualify that. Mussels were good and I really like the crisp--non-oily fries. The escargots were too light--not much flavor. I wanted heavy, old school escargots, with butter & lots of herbs--stuff that'll force 2 hours of cardio in the gym and made you wonder why you ate so much...Main dishes were pretty good but I guess I say that with the expectation that I would be having good food. ServiceService was impeccable, especially since I was a bit neurotic that night. I think it's kinda funny how some of the waiters try to talk with a bad french accent, luckily we didn't have a waiter like that. He was very good & friendly. I did like the owner/chef coming out to greet people but it seems excessive (when he greets everyone 2x or 3x in one night).
The owner is so pleasant and kind, he greeted us and thanked us for coming to dine at his restaurant. And his laugh, so distinct and wholehearted. Gotta love it.We each opted for the four course since we saw how pleasantly small some of the dishes were. Before we even ordered or received our food, we stuffed ourselves with the yummy, warm baguette bread they serve. I think they refilled it three times and each time we kept going at it. I won't lie, the bread is pretty good.To be continued...
came here on a special occasion after a day of wine tasting. So we brought our own wine.it's a pretty cozy restaurant and we sat at a tall table with bar stools by the window. Our waitress was nice and the chef came by and said hi. It took a while for our appetizer foie gras to come out but i guess it's coz we were there at peak hour on a saturday night. they gave us each a small cup of cauliflower soup, which was AMAZING...now i wanna know how to make it!Not a fan of the foie gras, prolly coz I don't enjoy fatty texture, my bf liked it though. for entree we ordered the pork tenderloin and filet mignon. The tenderloin is amazing...i really liked the pureed parsnip sauce and the mashed potatoes...the mushrooms and whatnot on the filet mignon was good too...we had sorbet for dessert and it was decent...usually i'd go for the more indulgent desserts like chocolate or creme brulee but that night i wanted something light.Good food but I probably won't come back any time soon just because there are so many more good restaurants in the city that I haven't tried!
yes, as good at it gets. this place never disappoints with the ever-revolving french menu, all perfectly executed and yes, you do get the best bang for the buck here.
My boyfriend took me here last Friday night to celebrate my new job, and we had a great time! Mid-way through my 4-course dinner at Chapeau!, I made up my mind that I would give it a 4-star rating because the food was very good, the service was very good and the prices were decent for French food! Appetizers: - Pan-seared foie gras w/ puff pastry = incredibly tasty- Cream of corn soup w/ crab cake = creamy, soul-warming goodnessEntrees:- Cassoulet de Toulouse w/ beans, sausage, and lamb shoulder = it was a hearty dish, came with lots of beans and was a good portion- Pan-seared Maple Leaf Farms duck breast w/ polenta, pears, and grapes = very delish! Again, they gave such a generous portion that I couldn't even finish itThen, I tasted our 3rd course - scallops with pesto risotto and lobster bisque sauce. IT WAS RIDICULOUSLY TASTY! So I gladly bumped 'em up another 1/2 star. =) Our final course, dessert, came and to our pleasant surprise, our waiter gave us an extra dessert dish for free! Another 1/2 star for you, Chapeau! So for dessert we tried the pistachio meringue (free), lemon tart, and creme brulee. The pistachio meringue was good, I didn't taste the lemon tart but my boyfriend said it was the most tart thing hes ever eaten, and the creme brulee was just okay. Next time, I have to try the chocolate cake. The table next to us ordered it and I had to stop myself from staring at their order. So, 4 + 1/2 + 1/2 = 5, right? They lose a star, b/c I forgot that two of my utensils had stuck on food on them. A normal person probably wouldn't have noticed it, but I ALWAYS examine my food utensils. I'm pretty strict about cleanliness, and I would expect a fine restaurant like this one to have pristine spoons and knives. But, I'm still a fan of the place and would like to come back here again =)
Great place with terrific food! The name is a little amusing. I wonder if there is a restaurant in France called "Hat!"The wifey and I hit this pace on a Sunday evening. We made reservations for 8:30, but got there real early. Around 7:30 or so. We asked the hostess if we could be seated early and she accommodated us with no problem. Outstanding.The place was crowded and lively, which is usually a good sign. We had a nice end table. It's a little smaller than I thought, but it was cool. Also, if you were driving down Clement St., you could easily pass by without even noticing it was there. Our waiter was very informative and made some thoughtful suggestions. The wait staff was excellent and our water glasses were filled consistently.We opted to buy a bottle of wine with dinner, which was - as always - the best way to a good review. The wine was the waiter's recommendation. I was a little concerned as the bottle was a "twist off." But, then again, I am no sommelier, so it was good. I did not sniff the cap.We both opted for the prix fixe $38 three course meal. Great value.For an app, I chose the duck foie gras and my wife chose the mesclun salad. Both were excellent. It was the first time I had foie gras. Though, not wanting to be viewed as a "rookie," I declared, "This foie gras is the best I've had!" Which, basically was true. It was the only foie gras I've had. We both had the pork tenderloin for an entree, which was outstanding. Very, very good.Now for dessert. We selected the Baked Alaska and the Chocolate souffle. Pure insanity. Excuse me whilst my mouth unabashedly waters for a moment...or two. Okay, that was nice. Thank you.Excellent food. Excellent price value. Great experience. We would definitely come here again.On a side note - We had taken a taxi here from the Wharf. We had the staff call us a taxi for the ride back. There was some controversy. A taxi arrived. Another couple tried to procure said taxi and were rebuffed immediately. Note - Do not try to "Taxi Poach."
Cheapeau! is hands down one of my top 3 restaurants, even after one visit. I went for Dine About Town with my buddy, Dorian. Upon arrival, the chef, Philippe Gardelle, ran up and greeted us then got our table. A server checked in Dorian's coat. It felt like we were warmly greeted upon arrival at a friend's house.We both got the same two courses: salmon trio starter and duck entree. Both were AMAZING. I would take a bite and notice how good it tastes, then there would be a secondary sensation of an entirely different flavor. It was like an aftershock: unexpected and jolted me just as strongly as the first one. I got the Tahitian Vanille Creme Brulee for dessert. Very light, very flavorful. The cup of coffee with my dessert was perfectly roasted and brewed, needing no cream or sugar. As we left, the chef ran up to us to ensure he did not miss the opportunity to say goodbye. Warm and friendly environment and memorable food. I'm looking forward to introducing this place to friends.
Food was nice. Service really slow. I really want to like this place but cannot give 4 stars. It needs a lick of paint and the bathroom needs a do over.
The excellent service saves this from being a two star review.The lamb was ok but not great, and the mussels were not in line with the classy atmosphere.
What a true gem, You know you're somewhere special when the owner/chef is waiting at the door to great you and say goodbye. The food, the hospitality, the service, the ambiance, the early bird, the experience, impeccable! This restaurant fires on all cylinders.
4 stars for the seared foie gras appetizer. There were a lot of other things that were a bit of a bother, like waiting outside 20 minutes beyond an 8:15pm reservation time, an oversalted cassoulet (and I LOVE SALT), a mediocre salad, service on the brusque side.The foie gras? I'd eat that on a bench outside in a tornado.
Yum yum yum!This place is great...great service, great atmosphere and excellent food. Truly a great French Bistro experience.
Apparently "chapeau" without the exclamation mark means "hat." I can't remember what it means with the appropriate exclamation, but I assume it translates into something like "delicious." Excellent bouillabaisse and delectable foie. Sweetbreads were a bit of a miss, though not so much as to detract from the entire experience. The dessert of Basil Napoleon fruit salad was the first I've seen like it.
For my 32nd birthday, i wanted to try something different and new. After coming across this place while searching for places to go for birthday celebrations, I decided on this place. I made reservations for 8 people and by the time we got there, I was surprised at how small this place really was! It was small, but really comfortable-- not squishy at all, and the staff was really really attentive. The appetizers which included the Sweet Bread, Mussels, and the Salmon Trio were all super super yummy. Each one of the plates were all unique and flavorful. As for the entrees, I had the Black Cod which was perfect.. It was tender, flakey, soft, and melted on my tongue.. I loved it. Since there were eight of us, we all made sure to try everyone else's dishes. I got to try the filet mignon-- definitely a winner with the potatoes. The salmon was great also- seasoned quite nicely and paired with mashed potatoes underneath. The only thing I wasn't too keen on was the duck which just didn't sit well for me. For dessert, we all shared warm chocolate lava cakes, creme brulee (this was only okay-- I've had better at the Toll House in Los Gatos where I work.), an apple tart, and sorbet.. In the end, the bill came in a hat-- something unusual until the waiter told us that "Chapeau" is the french name for hat. The bill came out to $400 which was awesome, considering it came out to $50 per person including tip.. =)
Since the days of Clementine I've been wanting to come here. Nestled between dry cleaners and asian restaurants, Chapeau has an unmatched charm in the clement street chaos. We finally made it during Dine About Town and were not disappointed. The chestnut soup could pretty much be one of my last meals (seeing as I won't have teeth). The vegetable main course was so good and super filling. A lot of the food was asian themed but distinctly french. And by french I mean it had lots of rich butter flavor. Dessert was ok, but it rounded off a nice meal.We had a great time, even met the chef. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a good date off the beaten path.
Came here for Dine About Town but they have a great menu already! Three course meal for $38, and delish food at that.. its a steal!I had the escargot.. the mussels and basil napoleon for desert. Food was amazing and serving size was perfect! I
I love this place. I've come here several times with family and my boyfriend. The food is delicious and I've never been disappointed. The Salmon, Filet Mignon and cauliflower soup(?) are excellent. Beautiful place, dressy attire and I'd recommend to make a reservation because they are busy. Great for special occasions. The Chef is so friendly and very funny. If you get any dessert make sure it is the French Toast!!
Me and my girlfriend came here last night and had an amazing time! Is it asian owned?Any how, my waiter was very friendly and sweet! He offered us water while we contemplated on a bottle of wine we wanted, finally, we settled for a bottle of Riesling he recommended. At first, I was a little worried since everyone has a different liking when it comes to Riesling, but after my first taste, he was right! It was soo good, it wasnt too sweet either with a hint of dryness and crispiness to it! My girlfriend and i looked over the menu, at first we planned on getting the prefix menu,but she wanted the bone marrow which comes with prime rib, a side of steam spinach, and 3 sauces (blue cheese, something, and black truffle). U couldn't have bone marrow with the prefix, so we went with that anyways for entree.Anchovies puff pastry (complimentary from the chef)- D E L I C I O U SHalf dozen oysters - really fresh, but nothing special. Good oyster is good oysterSeared Foie gras with fuji apple? and brioche - in HEAVEN! :) My girl friend and I actually thought about ordering another order of this! LOLPrime rib with bone marrow, side of spinanch, and 3 sauces - I never had bone marrow before, and it was delicious. Our waiter actually suggested that we eat our bone marrow with bread and the blue cheese sauce that came with our prime rib! Oh the prime rib was cooked perfectly, a little red in the middle, just how i LIKE it :) i thought their prime rib was better than HOPR, and I LOVE HOPR!We had the chocolate cake for dessert, and it was okay, ive had BETTER! But other than that, I had a great experience, and am planning on taking my bf here! :)
AWESOME! is what went through my mind when we were nicely greeted by the chef himself, Philippe Gardelle, when we entered. My gf took me here for my bday surprise on Saturday 7/3/10 and just like my first impression...AWESOME! the food was nicely cooked and the attentiveness of the waiter was perfect. We had the Prix-fixed menu 2. Pre-Appetizer:Phyllo dough with anchovies (first time eating this, yummy and delicious) Appetizer:Foie Gras...(first time eating this....omg where have you been all my life?!) Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic...(perfectly cooked little snails from heaven)Trio of Salmon...(gah...one word...NOMZ!)As part of the prix-fixed menu 2...Tasting FishSeared scallop wrapped in bacon with a grilled asparagus...(perfectly seared scallop....i wish they gave two instead of one...)COMME VOUS VOULEZ!...Palate Cleanser:Colonel: Lemon-Ginger Sorbet, Citrus Infused Vodka...(holy moly! the amount of vodka they give was strong! good thing they didn't serve a lot or else I would have been jumping up and down with joy!)Trou Normand: Green Apple Sorbet, Calvados....(mmmmMMmm sweetness...loved it)EntreeForgot what's in it since I can't find it on the menu...Monkfish, Thai snapper, mussels, and clam cooked in a creamy sauce...(was really delicious and satisfying..only complaint was the monkfish was a little over cooked)Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast...(oh HELLLLLLLLLL YEAH!!! this was by far the favorite part of my meal.  So moist and tender...can never go wrong with duck breast from a french bistro...does Philippe Gardelle accept students? =P )DessertFrench Toast, Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream...(WOW! I'm not a dessert kind of guy...but...WOW! this is the BEST dessert I have eaten...possibly EVER!)Profiteroles...(it was ok for me. I don't really like chocolate that much but it did compliment the sweetness of the cream puff very well. note to others, don't eat the chocolate and ice cream separate)Overall...it was a perfect night out. I was surprised there were people still coming in to eat ~10PM and waiting...I will definitely be coming back again!
One of my best friends was planning a dinner for her 22rd for a while and so after doing some YELP searching, she decided to have it at CHAPEAU! Man.. if it wasn't for her and her 23d (and yelp of course) I would have never knew about this place! Parking was the ONLY thing that wasn't perfect about this dining experience... and to be honest.. it wasn't even that bad. Took me 5 minutes! And of course.. me and my friends are never on time... but they called in and they pushed our reservation back half and hour to give us time to all get there... no questions asked!So once all 10 of us arrived.. we were promptly seated and a very friendly waiter came to explain and translate everything on the menu. We all ended up getting our own three course meal with an appetizer, entree and dessert. I, myself ordered a half dozen oysters for my appetizer, the Cassoulet de Toulouse for my entree, and the French Toast for dessert. We all tried to order different things so that we can sample each other's goodies. After we have all ordered and the server came to pour us our wine, the chef himself, Phillipe, came out to personally greet us! He was very friendly and even joked around with us... making the whole dinner and restaurant feel very warm and hospitable! DEFINITE PLUS!Before our appetizers could come out, we were served toasty bread with butter, baked just right with the warm inside and crunchy outside: and it was refilled so often that it was hard to keep our hands off of it! Shortly after the bread, the appetizers came so we then had a combo of oysters, the trio of salmon, traditional onion soup, and the Salade Landaise. Just to keep the review short.... everything was great, but the trio of salmon..... OMG! simply delicious! Then, onto the entrees, we recieved the Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast, Filet Mignon, a Salmon dish that I can't remember the name of (menu changes every so often) and my Cassoulet de Toulouse. My favorite was my own dish, the Cassoulet! I'm not usually a fan of lamb, but the reviews raved about it! I just had to try it... and I was definitely not disappointed!!! I also enjoyed my friend's duck dish a lot as well! FINALLY!... dessert. The guy sitting in the table next to our party was a usual and he highly recommended that we tried the french toast. He did such a great job advertising it as he ate his that our whole table ended up ordering the same dessert! Dear God.... it was orgasmic! The french toast was sweet with a light syrup glazed over the toast... adorned with powdered sugar, accompanied by a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Absolutely perfect! After our meal, our bill came to us in a hat which i though was adorable since "chapeau" literally means "hat" in french! We stayed to chat after a while with the chef and he even met us outside to take a picture with us, and to wish my friend a happy birthday! So NICE!!!This place is definitely a place to check out whether you're in the area or not. It might sound a little bit pricey, but for what you're getting (a quality 3 course meal), it's obviously worth it! I'll most certainly be back to try all the new things on the next menu. Thanks Phillipe!
We had a memorable dinner last night. Escargots were unbelievably great. Filet mignon cooked medium rare - perfect and scallops were perfect too. Chocolate cake and baked alaska deserts were perfect.Perfect night. Phillipe the owner was very friendly and a gracious host.
With all of the glowing reviews, I was expecting a lot more. Our waiter was great, the atmosphere was pleasant, and it's nice that the chef stops by your table. The appetizers and desserts were really the best part of the meal. We had the (forgive me for forgetting the correct names of meals) duck salad, goat cheese tart, sweetbreads, and veal, followed by the cream buffs, souffl, and creme brulee. The goat cheese tart was spectacular and the sweetbreads were good. The veal had to be sent back as it was way over done, we asked for medium-rare. They were kind enough to give us an extra dessert. However, one of us was still eating alone while we waited for the other meal. The desserts were amazing. However, the creme brulee was nothing special. For the price, I'd go elsewhere.
There's a good reason why this place has almost 1200 reviews with an almost perfect star. The food at this place is spectacular and the service is wonderful. My wife and I have never been to a place whre EVERYTHING was fantastic. I mean, the food was so good, we were licking the plate after we finished the food. For appetizers we ordered the following:basic salad - you would think, how can a basic salad be spectacular? well, they managed to do it.escargot - it's my first time having escargot and it was a great experience. I'm glad that my first time was at Chapeau.Salmon - my goodness, this dish was so delish, i was enjoying that salmon like it was my last dish.Main course:fish - a perfect dish. The flavor and serving size was just right, with an outstanding mash-potatoes, and some veggies.pork tenderloin - my wife said it is the best pork she has ever had. Yes, we will be back again...for sure. My advice, call a week ahead for a reservation because did you think that a place this good wouldn't be popular? ha...you're insane.
C'mon Yelpers, 4.5 stars? Service here was a complete shit-show. Food was good but probably deserving of 3.5-4 stars. Service was a disaster from beginning to end. I'm sure it was an off night in the front of the house but it's clear the staff just aren't trained well. Chef/owner needs to step up the front house and get the kitchen in order.
So many reviews. What can I say that is new? Well I like a good deal, I love this place. I go early, find street parking and start with my favorite oysters on the half shell for about $2 each. (massive oysters BTW) I've gone very early for the early bird dinner, I hope this will always be going on, it is the best early dinner deal around. I know, I'm such an old lady already!They have a good wine selection by the glass or bottle. I love the cassoulet, the salad with warm Camembert and the braised meats and stews. Go here a few times and the chef will come out and kiss you on the cheek. I love that! It's simple country french cuisine and some of the most authentic the bay has to offer.
I love this restaurant! We come here every year for our wedding anniversary. The fois gras is divine, as is the chocolate fondue, and everything else. The head chef/owner comes out every time and thanks everyone in his dining room at the end of every evening. Our personal favorite.
I'm a little hesitant to put this up but I thought it's just an honest opinion. I have to say I was not too impress with all the food so I have to rate this with a 3 star. Service is great! Place is not the perfect spot to bring a date that's if you want privacy. Price did not match the quality of food. I thought it was over rated.
I just ate at Chapeau for the first time this October 2011 and have already eaten there twice within 2 weeks! The food is so unbelievably pleasuring - rich and texture perfect. The escargot was tasty, seasoned well and not chewy. The tasting fish was quite possibly the best course of the 4-course meal. The filet mignon with shiitake mushrooms was so flavorful and tender...the mushrooms and sauce went with it perfectly. The service in terms of people working there is great! We entered the front door and were immediately greeted by the owner who ended up kissing us on both cheeks when we left. At one point, a guest was looking for the bathroom and accidentally started walking into the kitchen. The owner caught her, had a big laugh, then turned her right back around and gave her a tour of the kitchen! We had a very nice asian waiter who was hilarious. The table behind us was there for some sort of theme party. They were wearing brightly colored wigs and the waiter who was slightly balding kept cracking jokes about stealing the wig of the only guy at the table who actually wasn't wearing a wig, but just had long dark hair. Quick tips:* Definitely make a reservation for Saturday or Friday night. Call ahead any other time of the week to make sure you get an actual table and not the bar.* Come hungry. Both times we were so stuffed from the appetizers and entrees (1st time I did the 4-course prix fix, 2nd time I did the 3-course) that we had to take the chocolate volcano dessert to go. Next time I come here, I will make sure I am starving so I can eat it all!
Chapeau is a nice bistro with great ambiance. It's a little wedged in and can be extremely loud, but the service is impeccable. There's always someone around noticing you need water, to order, to get the bill, etc. The owner/head chef greets all the guests and strikes up conversation, making this place much more personable and warm. The food is pretty great too! The filet mignon is superb, in a nice thick truffle sauce, the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin is delish, and the hickory smoked salmon light and fresh. My duck leg + breast was in a slightly sweet citrusy sauce, and I don't like mixing sweet tastes with meat, so I wasn't impressed by the duck. The desserts, chocolate cake and creme brulee were wonderful. The creme brulee wasn't as sweet as many other places, and a bit more creamy, which I liked all the better. I would definitely come here again! So good!
This restaurant easily deserves 5 stars in my book.The moment I entered the restaurant, the front seater (which may have possibly been the chef as well since I heard that he sometimes comes out to personally greet and shake the diner's hand), he shook my hand and welcomed me. I had a reservation prior to coming so I was seated right away.If you come with only 2 people, make sure you get the bar seating area. It sounds worse than what it really is. The bar seating is really an area to the side of the bar where the table only seats. It's actually nicer in my opinion because it's there is more of a private area when in a party of 2.The waiter for my table came shortly after I got settled in and got my drink order (water for me!) and came back quickly with water with a slice of lemon along with the menu. I came early enough for the early bird special (before 6PM ??), it looks like they changed their menu around (like pricing) so I am not too sure on this but you should ask when you make your reservation (and do make a reservation if you plan to dine here). This place has 3 course specials (appetizer, main course, dessert) so I opted for that. You can choose which appetizer, main course, and dessert so there is a fairly good sized selection to suit your own tastes. I got the Salmon Trio (salmon tartare surrounded by raw salmon pieces, and then decorated with some salmon eggs) as an appetizer, the seared duck as a main course, and the napoleon for dessert. The entire time, the waiter kept attending to my table and made sure we fully understood the menu which was very appreciated. They also have a wine menu if you are interested in that.Soon after I put in my order, they came by with some french bread and butter.  That may be fairly standard for this type of restaurant, but they one upped others by also giving us a small taster of a random special they are working on. I heard that some of these taste samplers get put on the menu.  The sampler was delicious!The appetizer arrived first and it looked amazing! You can tell from looking at this dish that the chef put a lot of effort into creating this dish as everything worked so well! I will go further into this dish since it is easily one of my favorites here. The salmon tartare tastes like tartare but with some lemon and what I think are chives mixed in. This is surrounded by raw salmon pieces (like sashimi) to form a circle around the tartare. Then the tartare is decorated with a light mayo like decoration and salmon eggs and places in various spots around the tartare along the mayo-like decoration. Fried Capers were placed along the edges and garnished with some chive leaves. Now I know some may be a big fan of capers, I am fairly indifferent to capers, but deep fried capers! WOW! that stuff is amazing! Each ingredient in the dish complimented the rest that I cleaned out the dish (figured I'd save the dishwasher some time/effort haha). But I am sure the other appetizers are great as well but I highly recommend this one.The duck was also exquisitely delicious! I got the duck medium rare which left the duck crispy on the outside and soft, tender, and so succulent! It had a good ratio of fat to meat and had a wonderful gravy sauce to go with it. I was pretty stuffed after the main course, but the dessert came shortly afterwards and even though my taste buds were already on overdrive from all of the great food, the dessert still registered on my taste buds and my taste buds and stomach agreed quite well with the dessert! it was essentially some chopped fruit on top of banana pudding with a crepe wafer crisp.the overall meal was so scrumptious and the experience was extremely pleasant. I would highly recommend this restaurant! 5/5 stars for obviously reasons if you read this review!
If you want the rich taste of France in your mouth, then Chef Philippe does not disappoint. Leave your passport at home, the French committee is on Clement.
This place is almost always the best. The food and service is always great. The one critique I have is to make sure that Philipe (sp?), the owner, is there. He always takes the experience to the next level. I've seen him run after customers that have left to bid them farewell at the end of their dining experience. Truly an owner that knows how to take care of customers.
I've never had french food prior to this place, so I didn't know what to expect. But I was glad this was my first place to try since I came out satisfied and full.It was busy that night and all the tables were full. Ordered a bottle of wine with my friend and we just snacked on those and drank while we were waiting for our food. Must have been because I was hungry, but I enjoyed the bread. Tried the foie gra as my appetizer and at first it sounded kind of disgusting since I'm not usually a liver fan. But it was good and it didn't taste like liver at all. I pretty much devoured it. It was very rich and flavorful. My main entree was the Cassoulet de Toulouse which isCanellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder,Duck Leg Confit, Garlic & Toulouse Sausage. That dish was amazing. VERY flavorful. It was filling. I was told french food portions are usually tiny, but that portion was large and it satisfied my stomach. My dessert I didn't really care for. It sounded nice when I was looking at the menu, but it wasn't spectacular when I was eating it. Overall my dining experience there was great.Staff there is very tentative, constantly refilling my wine class and water. I would definitely go back or suggest it to other friends.
Hats off to Chapeau! Perfectly executed meal with honestly friendly service. It was my wife's birthday and she picked Chapeau as the place to have her Birthday dinner. As usual her choice was spot on for the special occasion. The thing is though, Chapeau is so well priced that it can be visited on a regular basis. T and I both had prix fixe dinners which at under 40 dollars each is an unbelievable value considering the quality of preparation and food you get. I had the sweetbreads appy and my better half enjoyed the foie. We switched dishes half way through and we both agreed that they were both scrumptious. I appreciated that the waiter was thoughtful enough to mention that the sauce for my sweetbreads and my main dish, the filet mignon, were similar. It was fine with me because both dishes were still distinct to my untrained taste buds. Did I mention that this was one of the best filet's I have ever enjoyed? I am not even a fan of filets since I always go for a ribeye, but this medium rare filet was so tender and tasty that I almost forgot that ribeyes are my fave. My wifey had the cassoulet which according to her was perfect since it had beans and she "loves beans". Dessert was so special that it deserves it's own separate paragraph. The Birthday girl ordered the floating island which came with a sugar laced sculpture. Me, I had the french toast which, even though the name doesn't scream decadence at you, it was everything I ever want in a dessert. Crispy and melt in your mouth soft in the same bite. Sweet but not cloyingly sweet. Very memorable to say the least!
Absolutely superb! Chef Philippe is a true master in the kitchen. My boyfriend and I had dinner at Chapeau a few months back, and we have yet to have a meal as wonderful as the one prepared here (and that really says a lot since we just came back from Paris). Our experience was very pleasant from the moment we stepped into the restaurant. We were well cared for by the staff, and Chef Philippe was cordial enough to greet many of the patrons as soon as we were seated. We both ordered pre fixed menus and were highly impressed by each dish. The Trio of Salmon was amazing to say the least - such rich flavors and textures. I am still dreaming about it - what a masterpiece! For the tasting fish, there was a scallop dish with risotto in lobster sauce, which was so fresh and decadent. By this point in the meal, we were so blown away that we honestly can't remember what entrees we ordered that night. For dessert, I would highly recommend either the creme brulee or the nuage de noix.Chapeau can be a bit pricier than most, but the experience and flavors are well worth every penny!
Bonjour, I'm Phillip. *shake hands*I love the intimate setting here. The four us were hungry for french and for steak. They offer a 3 or 4 course prefix menu - the special of which we order was to die for and it stuffed our stomaches to the fullest.Prime Rib with 3 dipping sauces (a truffle sauce that was begged for more), bone marrow and 2 sides- spinach and potato gratin----really good. A word of caution: Avoid eating the bread and butter :P You want to be able to leave enough room for the entree and dessert. I could not finish all my meat and had to remember that we still had our remaining course, the dessert! Hands down the french toast with a mocha color creamsicle was heavenly. Tip: Dine with a party of 3 or 4 to make it a tasting menu dining experience.*bon appetit*
A french restaurant on Clement Street. Crazy huh? But oh this place is so incredibly darling. We tried here on a whim with a call Saturday night looking for last-minute open seats (usually an impossible task). He offered to save two seats at the bar and once off the phone we cabbed right over. The restaurant was small and signage not clear from the street due to a huge tree at the front sidewalk. But the warm yellow tones, glimpse of white tablecloth, dark orange droplights over the bar, and tons of happy faces clustered around tables and engaged in avid conversation made us sure we had found the right place. The owner/chef Philippe Gardelle is amazing. I find it incredible that after 10+ years he still maintains an energy and charisma that continues to permeate this place and make it so enchanting. He makes a point to welcome every guest that arrives at the door, but still manages to have a hand on all the dishes and desserts and even the wine that appear on the menu. He walks through the dining room, ensuring everyone has everything they need, and he is extra sure to bid them goodbye and help them call a taxi if they need it before they leave. As things calm down towards the end of service he even wipes down the outside covers of every single menu and makes sure the pages are secured. On top of that, the food is divine and affordable for French fare without the stuffiness. You can make your own 3-course dinner for $38 (a little extra if your entree is seafood), 4-courses for $46, with a sorbet between appetizer & entree at $50.50. Come as an early bird and order between 5-6pm (excludes Fri & Sat) and the 3-course is $28. There are also plenty of affordable good wines under $40. The "Trio of Salmon" was absolutely luxurious with salmon tartar wrapped by a ring of salmon gravlax, surrounded by a circle of creme fraiche and salmon roe, again by an outer ring of crispy fried capers and fluffy little bits of soft-boiled egg, and topped with microgreens and a crispy thin latticed chip. The "tasting fish" that came only with the four-course selection was diced stewed tomato and sprouts atop a perfectly cooked scallop resting on basil-green risotto and a ring of creamy lobster sauce. It was like living "Ratatouille", where each individual component was a little spark of light in my mouth that exploded into fireworks when mixed together. The "bouillabaisse" was a clean and rich-flavored broth with two fish fillets in the center and four mussels around it. Served with crisp croutons made of french bread and two little side bowls of smoky rich aioli, shredded cheese. The "Cassoulet de Toulouse" used dried and reconstituted cannellini beans which gave a great texture, duck leg confit, shredded lamb shoulder, and a little toulouse sausage. It was really rich and comforting for the cold winter night although a little too salty. They offer two palate cleansers in the form of sorbet served in a little triangle bowl with a shot of liquor poured in. We tried the "Colonel", a lemon-ginger sorbet with a shot of citris vodka that really made the ginger sharpen up. Be careful if you've already committed to wine though because it can effect the taste. Finally, les desserts. Oh dear god those desserts. Our neighbors had a molten chocolate cake that for everywhere else seemed so passe, but this was a beautiful cake that completely collapsed in the center, looking like a chocolate donut with the most oozy divine chocolate syrup. We also eyed the Creme Brulee with envy. But we chose the "Profiteroles" thinking it would be a light end of the meal. Oh no, it's stuffed with ice cream, liberally drizzled with melted chocolate ganache and topped with slivered almonds. The surprising winner was also the "Basil Napoleon". Yes, basil and dessert. Who would've thought? The mini-diced mango, maui pineapple, banana and kiwi topped with three delicate cookie circles went so well with the champagne-citris pastry cream and basil. Got leftovers? They even wrap it up and shape the tinfoil like a basket. Adorable. Tired, stuffed beyond belief and content after such a wonderful night, we wandered home and slept like babies. 5 stars, and definitely one of my new all-time SF favorites.
THANK YOU PHILIPPE!My husband and I dined at Chapeau on April 28th, we were running late and called the restaurant. The owner, Phillipe Gardelle told us not to worry and saved us a parking space right in front of the restaurant. Upon arrival he was waiting to greet us as though he had nothing more important to do! The price fixe menu is certainly the way to go. We had the salmon appetizer with capers and the prawns. The salmon appetizer was the most amazing dish EVER. The prawn dish was good, but paled in comparison. The aroma of garlic from adjoining tables where people were enjoying their escargot was very appealing. Entrees we delighted in were the bacon wrapped pork loin and the filet. The sauces were exquisite!!! French Toast and the Chocolate Cake with Banana Flambe had us swooning! Definitely go and enjoy this gem of fabulous dining!
Wow, this was a very pleasant surprise.We were visiting my daughter in San Francisco and decided to try this restaurant, given all of the rave reviews. Unfortunately, when you read such high reviews, your expectations go up and up. We new that it would be hard to meet such expectations. We would be comparing this restaurant with the best of the best (including Picasso's and LeCirque).We had one challenge that this chef has not been challenged with before, Gluten free diner! My daughter gets a very bad reaction to gluten and we were going for her birthday... so she needed a gluten free dessert. I called ahead and gave the restaurant a "heads-up" to the gluten free issue. I was quite surprised to have the chef get on the phone and ask us what we need to know about his restaurant.... very nice!Anyway, when we arrived on a nasty rainy day at 5:30 (the restaurant was very busy already). we were quickly seated with a very sweet hostess. We noticed that the chef Philippe (I think) walked around and greeted everyone and was very friendly. In fact, all of the servers were very friendly and did NOT rush anyone. It was like sitting in a Eurpean cafe, very relaxing. Hustle and bustle, everyone talking and the waiters were serving and still no rush.Our orders were for: appetizers: mussels (perfectly cooked) and scallops (also perfect and extremely tender) and finally, I had the foi gras (huge piece served with apple and a tiny toast), marvelous quality! If you like foi gras, this was truly excellent. The salad was good as well.for entrees: skate wing (absolutely the best I've ever had), bass, duck breast.dessert was banana pana cota and creme brulee. But the surprise was that the chef went out of his way to make my gluten free daughter a special flourless chocolate cake for her birthday. Such a lovely gift! Again, the service was spectacular, even though there was a play-off baseball game on TV and the staff was obviously engrossed with how that was progressing. They never ignored us or rushed us out. We were there for at least 3 hours. Although we got so many courses and drinks, wine and lattes with dessert, our bill was still under $200 for 3 people!! Amazing! In order to get such quality, it usually costs well over $400 for similar meals.I definitely recommend this restaurant and will be going much more often. But (shhh) don't tell anyone, this is our secret.
My boyfriend and I went to Chapeau for a romantic Valentine's day dinner. The only reservation available was at 10 pm, no big deal! We arrived on time, but our table wasn't ready, everything was OK at this point. We attempted to get a glass of wine at the bar while we waited for our table and ended up waiting for 20+minutes while the bar tender took her time chatting it up to a couple at the other end of the bar. Our table was ready before we even spoke to the bar tender. After we were seated and ordered our fixed menu with the wine pairing, we waited 30 minutes for the appetizer, 30 for the first course. The couple next to us were laughing at us getting irritated at how SLOW the service was, which put the icing on the cake. On the bight side, when the food finally arrived, it was great. But the pace of the food coming out of the kitchen was ridiculous.We left at 11:45....before the main dish arrived.
This place came highly recommended by one of my foodie friends.I came here with my BFF last week and we were definitley not disappointed.We ordered:Fois GrasEscargotFilet MigonSkate King (is actually sting ray)Creme BruleeNapoleonEverything was delish! Their complimentary bread is warm and just perfect with a slather of butter. yum.You get excellent service, warm atmosphere, fine-dining ---all for very reasonable prices.I will return.
The old Clementine is now the new Chapeau.First off, I always like it when the chef comes out to meet with you. It is just one of those added treats that gives it that personal touch. It basically sets the tone for the dining experience which was great.It aint no Gary Danko nor should it even be compared to it but for the price and the service you receive, it is probably the best casual, fine dining restaurant in the Richmond District. Who would have ever thought that a place like this would exist in this neighborhood. Great service Good food except for the scallop and risotto. It had sand Foie gras was probably the dish that shined the baby chicken was good the salmon salad was OK I have been to so many of these types of restaurants. I think if I had to describe this restaurant with a sentence. A great prequel to Gary Danko.
My mom and I had the mussels and escargot for appetizer. Steak and duck for our entre. The appetizers - great! I actually loved the sauce from escargot so much that I kept dipping my bread with the sauce. Mussels were great as well. I love how it comes with fries.Entrees - Duck was a bit "different" but definitely good. A bit spicy and tingly. Filet Mignon - meat was so tender but sauce was bit too heavy/salty. However, it was definitely cooked well.Service - I'd say the service lives up to the price they charge. I wish I understood what my waiter said when he was going through the special of the day though. He had a very heavy accent. Environment - I felt that it was a bit too crowded and loud. But it wasn't so bad to the point where I can't even hear myself. Overall, reasonable price, yummy food, ok service. Would definitely go back but don't see this as a place I'd crave for on a Friday night.
4.5 stars out of nearly 1200?! I thought it was too good to be true or that it was just overly hyped. Nope, This place lived up to the hype.Went with a friend to take advantage of Dine About Town. The Dine About Town menu is usually cheaper than any restaurants prefix menu but Chapeau! has a prefix menu that's only $2 more, with much more selection. We still opted for the Dine About Town menu because it still had a great selection.For starters, we ordered the trout salad with a vinaigrette which tasted great. I'd highly recommend this to anyone.As for the entree, we both ordered the branzini, a sea bass. It came with a savory sauce, mash potatoes, and portabella mushrooms. The fish was just incredible and it was cooked perfectly. I mean, it's just indescribable, you have to get it yourself to know what I mean.For dessert, we got the Nuage de Noix. It has roasted pistachios, almonds and hazelnuts in this frozen chantilly and Italian meringue. It was crunchy and smooth. A perfect way to end our dinner.This place is somewhat small and we had to make reservations a couple of days in advance to get a table, the place was packed for a Tuesday night. Chapeau! is definitely great for dates. Service is great, attentive staff. What made it kinda exciting for us was that the head chef came out to greet everyone and even shook our hands after our appetizers.
5 stars! Enough said.Appetizer: foie gras was amazing! Mouth watering, wanted to savor every bite. Could've had another plate but wanted to save my arteries for the entree. Entree: filet mignon with bone marrow. When i got my plate i literally said "doesn't it look f'n amazing!" You get the option with or without the bone marrow but I definitely think it's a must with bone marrow. I spread the bone marrow fatty goodness into every bite of my filet mignon and it was a dream. Call me gross but bone marrow is f'n amazing! Dessert: creme brle. Amazing!! I've used that word so many times so you get it. You could literally see the vanilla beans on plate as you scrape off every bite. My friend got the French toast with hazelnut ice cream and that was beyond awesome! Eat here! It's AMAZING!
Came here for my mom's bday dinner and was neither impressed nor disappointed. Reservations were easy enough to make, service was okay and the food was good for the amount you pay. We all opted for the four course meal (app, tasting fish, entree and dessert) which was a pretty good deal. My personal favorite was the Deep Fried Black Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo Dough. It was crispy and tender, a perfect starter. I found the lobster bisque too smokey and the brussel sprout in the middle was very chewy and hard to cut into.The tasting fish of the night was a seared scallop, of which I can never pass up. It wasn't as seared as I had hoped, but good taste, nonetheless. I was a bit disappointed with the entrees, as I felt there could've been more taste, being a French restaurant. The duck was a bit on the tough side, and the flounder was a bit tasteless. The special of the night, the skate fish, was good, but the flavors were a bit too powerful for the poor white fish.  (which may have explained the tasteless founder...)Highlight of the night: Dessert! The french toast was really sweet and if I wasn't so full from the previous three dishes, I would've scarfed it all down! The Napoleon was good as well, perfectly light and balanced a heavy meal. I probably would not do the profiteroles next time, as it wasn't anything special...I remember through previous visits to Chapeau that the owner would greet every patron coming in and out of the restaurant, but he wasn't there that night...I always wondered what happened when he wasn't there...They don't have an emergency stand-in?
I'm going to keep this short and sweet:I had my birthday dinner here yesterday and it was amazing! Everything was great from the food to the wait stuff. My family and I really enjoyed ourselves and I would come back here again and again and again and again...
I recently moved to the richmond and on one fateful night found a love in Chapeau! The food is phenomenal, the oyster choices are always interesting, and the ambiance is amazing. The service is also bar none. My date and I were allowed to sit in the restaurant for three hours until they were closing and never felt rushed or as if we were waiting. The servers just knew how to pace perfectly, and it made for one of my most memorable dining experiences.Check out Chapeau! if you want to try fantastic french cuisine in a great atmosphere. Try the skate wing!
The food was great, though there are a few other better French places I've been to in the city.The service was very sllllllloowwwwwwwwwwww
I yearn for this place! Its the perfect setting for an exquisitely rich French meal, lovingly crafted by a wonderful chef. The restaurant is cozy and romantic serving upscale bistro classics in an elegant fashion at neighborhood prices. Love it. The service is impeccable, the food unparalleled, and the experience sublime. The foie gras with apple gastriqe, escargot, porcini crusted sweetbreads, lavender and dijon glazed Poussin, cassolet, creme brulee, and floating island are all to die for and made this birthday girl VERY happy! Everything was perfectly cooked and the plating was artfully mastered. Not a bad thing to say about this place. They have a prie-fix menu that is a phenomenal value in which you can pick out a three course meal off the menu. Who's better than them?
I came here on a recommendation of a friend and with that same friend. An awesome place! The place was packed, but the host and everyone associated were very welcoming. As an out-of-towner, it was a joy to feel welcomed.Without going into too many details other than what's been already said in the 1000+ reviews...the Trio of Salmon dish was fantastic! You must get this dish! Light, refreshing and tasty - all in one! Gravlax-Yes!Tartar - Yes! Yes!Caviar- Hell, yes! (And the Crme Frache in the Trio of Salmon helps too!)Go - you won't regret it!
We had reservations at 10pm on a Tuesday right when the restaurant closes. We were extremely worried about this and were planning to cancel our reservations because we had a feeling we would not be able to make it after the Peter Pan show. We were reassured by the staff that it was no problem and we shouldn't rush and just take our time. For this itself Chapeau gets five stars in my books. We arrived about 10:20 or so greeted by the waiter he was very nice we sat in the back corner of the restaurant which was nice because we had the area all to ourselves. We weren't rushed at all by the staff and were able to eat and order at our normal slow pace. The meal was great. We shared the salmon trio appetizer. It was very good. For the entree I had the Petit Poussin. Very moist with a subtle sweetness which I enjoyed. The BF had the filet mignon with the foie gras, which was very good as well. Lastly for the dessert we had the lemon tarte, which was the highlight for me. It was perfect balance of sweet and tart.As we left the restaurant we walk by the chef who personally said goodbye to both of us which I thought was sweet and very charming. We will be back for both the food and service.
Came here during dine about town with a couple friends. Between 3 of us, I was able to taste a pretty good variety from their menu.Appetizers: -Chestnut soup: Surprisingly very delicious! The flavor and texture was amazing. Definitely worth giving a try, even if you're not into chestnuts. -Mesclun salad: The dressing was light, and the grapes and pistachios added an excellent punch of flavor and texture.Entrees: -Branzini (sea bass) with whipped potatoes, portabello mushrooms, and pearl onions: The sauce was actually my favorite part of this dish. It complimented the fish very well. Would have liked a little more potatoes though.-Bacon wrapped pork: Cooked well and very juicy, unlike many pork dishes I've had.Desserts: My favorite part of the meal! -Brioche french toast with caramel sauce and hazelnut ice cream: First of all, how amazing does that sound? You know a dessert was meant for you when your mouth instantly begins to salivate as soon you read the description. French toast never tasted better.-Vanilla bean creme brulee: Good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The portion was HUGE though, and was served in a ramekin practically the size of my head!-Nauge de noix (roasted pistachios, almonds, hazelnuts with frozen meringue): Very refreshing and unique way to end a meal. The combination of nuts was perfect and went well with the light meringue.The food was delicious and the service was great. The chef even paid a couple visits to our table throughout the evening. Overall, I would definitely recommend Chapeau to anyone looking for some solid French cuisine.
Smoking hawt black Karen Millen dress & red suede stilettos...Warm welcome & kisses each side of cheek... The perfect Manhattan... Complimentary appetizer... Frisee fromage pear tart delishiousness... Bottle of fantastic vino... Medium rare & gorgeously cooked pork tenderloin with parsnip puree and braised swisschard... Lemon tart & coffee lovely finish... More kisses to sides of cheek by chef. How can you leave here & not feel absolutely taken care of?Fantastic food, warm, attentive service and of course they bring your bill (which I am not privy to) in a hat... hence the name. :) Yay for date night.
Oh thank you, Jason C., for suggesting Chapeau!We decided to venture out and give this place a shot and I am so thrilled we did!We had an 8:30pm reservation and made it just in time. The restaurant was super busy and festive! I can see why it's so hard to get a reservation - the restaurant itself is so small! They packed the tables pretty close and you can definitely hear the table next to you's conversation.Our server, Phillipe, was pretty funny. He was a no-thrills kinda guy, handing us our menus and going over the tasting menus rather quickly - real French service. At first, he seemed like a tough cookie but he definitely opened up to us by the end of the night. I liked him!They had a lot of specials that night so listen closely! We ended up ordering the foie gras appetizer, which wasn't on the menu.The menu is somewhat small but they had all the right things :) We ordered:- 6 oysters: Not the best I've had but still pretty tasty and fresh. Delicious vinaigrette but no horseradish!* Salmon Tartare: Very good! Perfect appetizer. I squeezed a bit of lemon onto it, but otherwise, it was really good.- Foie Gras (hot): Seared foie gras paired with sliced apples - YUM. Plus, we had a sancerre so it complimented each other very well.* Sweetbreads: I WISH I GOT THIS AS MY ENTREE. SO good. SO SO good. Right down to the perfectly cooked, lightly fried sweetbreads, to the mushrooms, to the black truffle sauce. Maybe could have used morel mushrooms (love those) but other than that, this dish was heavenly.- Duck Leg: Citrus-y! Moist and slightly sweet from the oranges. The potatoes that came with it were soo good. I liked the dish but I wouldn't order it again.* Filet Mignon with Foie Gras: Since I always order the filet, I originally tried to order the veal medallion with the foie gras on top but Phillipe suggested I get the filet mignon instead. I'm so glad I did because it was SO good. It was pretty much the sweetbreads dish, but with potatoes added and instead of sweetbreads, it was filet mignon and foie gras (2 of my favorite things).*I pretty much ordered the perfect meal if you like hearty foods. Soooo good. I will definitely come back. Bonus: the chef came out to greet us and said hello!PS. I don't recommend this place for a romantic dinner! That's Fleur De Lys :)
The service is so not what you'd expect from a fancy French restaurant. If you want snobby, stuffy waiters with cummerbunds and wing tips, Chapeau is not for you. If you want to be personally greeted and looked after at several points throughout the dinner by the chef himself (who is an amazing funny + charismatic person), then head on over.The food was delicious. Some standouts:- seared foie gras served with green apple slices and a sweet (balsamic?) sauce. Seriously melt-in-your-mouth good. I'm sorry little geese...I know it's cruel. But man, stop being so dang tasty!- chestnut soup. So creamy and nutty. And a little unexpected given that much of the menu is fairly traditional French food. An awesome little nugget of happiness awaits you in the center (cabbage + croutons) so that there's a little texture to mix with the creaminess.- profiteroles. Especially if you like dark, rich chocolate. They definitely don't skimp!The main dishes were good (skate wing + lavender chicken), but the apps and dessert are definitely where it's at.On our way out, Chef Phillipe came (literally) running over to say goodbye. That was definitely way above and beyond my expectations for friendly service.
I would like to give this 8 (million) stars! Wow. First off, I know I don't need to add another glowing review to the hundreds here, but I am still talking about the meal and oozing love for this place.I went with some friends, and had a stellar experience. We were greeted with warm welcomes by Chef Phillipe. We had amazing cocktails to start the dinner...including the smoothest gimlet I have ever tasted.My friends and I all chose the pre-fixed dinner. For starters I tried the cauliflower soup, and a couple of people had the lobster bisque...mmmmmm. mmmm. I had the filet mignon with yummy potatoes. My husband got the cassoulet, which was just amazing.We finished with a few great deserts. The chocolate cake ooozed with chocolate when my friend cut into it. My husband had a great creme brulee (which to my surprise, was quite large!). And after all the reviews here, I had to get the french toast with hazelnut ice cream, and WOW, we all thought this was the best, and I was not disappointed! Oh yeah, we had a flaky, delicate, flavorful anchovy pastry, compliments of the chef. The whole experience was magical. I had great conversation and company. The chef and wait staff was lovely. I am pretty cheap, usually, but this place beat every other restaurant out of the ballpark. Can't wait to find another occasion to come back. xoxoxoxoxo to Chapeau!
Went here with my girlfriends for my friend's birthday. Everyone was really sweet and welcoming, even the chef came out and greeted us.We all loved our appetizers, I had the salmon trio and it was delcious. My main complaint is about the entree. Three of us got bouillabaisse (which was $6 more for the 3 course menu price). I was excited to see the result of all the fish and the shellfish but the outcome was disappointing. The fish and shellfish were all braised in bland, unappetizing broth. I've had monkfish elsewhere and it was deliciously seared but it was very disappointing all smushy in the bouillabaisse. And because there was so much in one bowl, all cooked the same, the dish was just overkill. Luckily, my dessert compensated for one of the worst seafood dishes I've ever had (I didn't even finish it). My friends later told me the same (bouillabaisse and dessert reviews). I recommend the chocolate cake. There's something wrong with their bathroom light setting - the light would go off while you're still in there! Happened to me twice (I have a very active bladder). Another thing, my friend had the duck entree and she had asked to get it boxed but they never brought it out to her. We were busy conversating and didn't realize it until after we left.
I am eating well this week.So this time - Archie and I had our little planned "Celebrity Night" where we got dressed up for no specific reason and hit up Chapeau.Now, over the last 6 months or so - - there have been many occasions at which someone would suggest Chapeau, and for Archie alone - I always had to squirm and squiggle my way out to suggest another place as I had said, ever-so-certainly, that my first time at Chapeau would be with Archie the Stud. Jesus himself could have asked me to Chapeau, and I'd have declined. My word is good. It was worth the wait, though, to be treated to such a fantastic dinner in such a beautiful setting w/ a witty and exqiusitely dressed dinner date in a dark pinstriped suit and gorgeous tie, amazing food, and lots of presents, too. :-)There's virtually nothing I can add to the reviews this place already has - but then again, I can't shut up about the food either, so here goes.Well, I do kind of have a "tip".Archie was waiting outside for me and on the phone w/ me trying to convince me to illegally park in front of the restaurant. It seemed PERFECTLY clear to me that the paint on the ground signified nobody was to park there, but he was insistent, so I was attempting to, when the owner came outside and told me to park where the bus stop was - as from 8 pm - 4 am, he said it was legal parking. I have no idea if it was true, but I didn't get a ticket and my car was still there, so take that for what it's worth. (Never let it be said I am not helpful.)Then the chef greeted us, as friendly and warm as can be.There began a wonderful night at Chapeau!Upon entering - - I am not sure why the big black velvet curtain is there, but once you figure out how that thing opens, and assuming you don't crash right into someone who is coming out - - you're in the middle of the restaurant. Initially, we were seated at a 2 person table in between two other "2-person" tables - - but within a minute, the waiter informed us that they'd be moving us to a corner table. I'm not sure how this came to be, but we're seated on minute and the next, the waiter is whispering this to Archie. Interesting. This corner table, however, was the best seat in the house - in its own little nook by the window, and everything was very private and intimate, and I don't know about Archie's chair but my little bench had nice cushions, too. If you make reservations, try and get THAT table!The waiter, as well as the owner and his wife, were always smiles and always accomodating. Every single server who attended to us was so polite and helpful, I don't think we ever asked for one thing. The wine was corked immediately, and the water was always filled - the food was timed perfectly, and the options they gave us were perhaps exactly what we would have requested if they didn't offer first. Everyone always smiled at your if your eyes should meet, and many times, they came to verify that we were enjoying our meal.But most importantly - - the highlight was THE FOOD.The amuse bouche of the evening - - cauliflower soup w/ curry: EXCELLENT.The bread: SUPERB and warm. OUTSTANDING.The seared foie gras special of the evening: HEAVEN MELTING IN YOUR MOUTH.The Trio of Salmon appetizer: FRESH, DELICATE EXPLOSION OF FLAVORS.The Tasting Fish they offered was SCALLOPS w/ gnocchi on this night: PERFECT.The Lamb Shoulder w/ beans: TENDER and FLAVORFUL.The Lamb Shank w/ couscous: HOLY MOTHER OF GOD, falling off the bone and if I get reborn as meat, I wanna be IT.The Apple Torte thing for dessert w/ ice cream: OMG.But the Chocolate Cake that EXPLODED at our table with melting chocolate just OOOOZING out w/ rum raisin ice cream..... I mean, COME ON!!!!! The expressions on our faces when that cake just POPPED open was hilarious.One bottle of good wine and a glass each of Macallan 18 on the rocks (that Archie bought for me, and Chapeau allowed us to drink by bringing us wine glasses and ice - they do not serve hard alcohol here, FYI) - we left, stuffed to the gills, toasty as can be, and off for more adventures in SF.What a romantic, spectacular and outstanding dinner this was... I really couldn't have enjoyed it more. Everything was PERFECT.Thank you so much for the dinner, and the gifts.... I cracked up at the card again this morning. You looked very handsome, Sir Starchie!
Several weeks ago I came here after a rude patron picked a fight with me in front of Chouchou by Laguna Honda (my usual French food fix). When I first stepped in, I could see that every 95% of the customers were 80 years old or older. At first this led me to hesitate and doubt my upcoming experience. But that feeling disappeared very quickly due to the amazing service. The host and her mom (also a host) very very warm and kind, and didn't look at my 20-something friend and I as weird for being the only non-senior citizens. The amazing service continued with the chef walking around, shaking our hands, wishing us a good experience, complimentary cauliflower soup, flexible menu options, etc. While the menu was a bit intimidating price-wise, I was out the door with a $70 bill (+25% more in tip). I was extremely satisfied. As with most fine french dining, the customer base is a bunch of old geezers. If you can get past the customer demographic, this place would be good for celebrations and anniversaries. I'll definitely be back.
My friend and I walked in around 5:30 pm and waited behind a small group to be seated. There were several empty tables. As we waited, I was enjoying the heater near the door that was drying the bottom of my jeans that were damp due to the drizzling rain outside. Dang - I'm from VA - why am I complaining? Darn you San Diego for spoiling me with your awesome weather. We were greeted by the cheerful just so delightful chef. We were asked if we had a reservation and when we said no, the chef tried for several minutes to look for a table - mentioning to us that he had just given away his last free table - and even after we told him we can sit at the bar. I was surprised at first with all the empty tables but within 15 minutes of sitting down, the restaurant was full and busy. My friend and I ordered the early bird prix fixe menu. The bread was delicious. Perfect warm, soft, texture, crisppy crust. The butter was delicious. I ate most of the loaf. Escargot de Bourgogne in Butter-Parsley & Garlic Sauce - I've never had escargot before. I wasn't sure what to expect. I was scared but adventurous. The escargot was mild and prepared extremely well but the delight was the butter parsley & garlic sauce. It was fantastic! I loved the garlic undertones - it gave it a nice kick. I used the bread to try to finish as much of the sauce as possible. Cassoulet de Toulouse - Canellini Beans/ Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder/Duck Leg Confit/ Garlic & Toulouse Sausage - The duck leg confit is the best I've had so far. Moist, not overly salty, delicious with the crust. The Garlic & Toulouse sausage was amazing too. The beans were a soft compliment to everything. I asked for a box to go. I never take anything to go since I'm traveling all the time but I couldn't let the unfinished entree go to waste. Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brule - the best Creme Brulee I've had so far. Texturelly perfect, the flavors were perfect and they used real vanilla beans. Perfect!French Toast - It was delicious! Pefectly cooked, rich, but not heavy. I wanted to devour the whole thing but I was stuffed beyond stuffed. Service was thoughtful, amazing, and well, perfect! I dont' think I used the word perfect and delicious so many times in any review. The staff was so attentive. I loved how the chef walked by saying Bon Appetit and asking us how our meal is. But the highlight of the evening was when we were leaving, about 15 feet outside the restaurant, our wonderful chef ran outside, in the rain, to say good bye and hoped to see us again. How amazing is that? I want to eat here every night.
Date/Time:  Thursday - 9:30pmOccasion:  Birthday dinner for a girlfriendParty of:  ThreeOrdered:  Oyster appetizer, Prime rib dinner for two, and salmon.Location:  Super cute Frenchy restaurant. Pretty small and crowdedTotal incl gratuity:  $150.00Oh man! Where do I begin? The oysters were small and flavorful though nothing particularly special The prime rib, however, is worth ordering! The presentation is just as impressive as the taste. It's a huge serving of prime rib paired with the bone marrow. The meat is seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection. The meat put the fish to shame but then again, I'm like a T-Rex...so the meat was definitely going to be a better choice for me. Not only was it extremely tasty, it was a good-sized portion so I left feeling very satisfied. The service was extraordinary! The owner/chef was very friendly and flirtatious but in a cute/funny way. Everyone makes you feel so welcome here. It is a little pricier so you might want to save for a special occasion but a must try! I know I'll be back with my posse in tow because I think everyone needs to try this place!
I have gone to Chapeau! at least a dozen times over last 2yrs&it never disappoints. This is where I bring my overly critical French friend to assuage his homesickness/love problems/ennui/etc. Food is otherworldly- Foie Gras, Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads&Basil Napoleon are classics on the menu. Try them before you die. You can literally taste Chef Phillipe's passion of food in his creations. He regularly comes out to meet his guests and is such a down-to-earth awesome guy. They also bring out amuse-bouche prior to your entree for you to sample. The ambiance is casual (although, I wish the tables were not so close together) and the food is very reasonably priced.
the service was great! love the fact they have early bird menu and it's pretty much what i'd order on the regular menu. i love the yellow corn soup as well as all their dessert!!
Adding another positive review to the 1000+ this restaurant has already garnered. We (six of us in the family) took our mom here to celebrate her 60th birthday and the service and food was wonderful. Though the restaurant was completely packed, the service made sure we were always well attended to. We each ordered from the prix fixe menu 1 and not a single dish came out subpar. I would have to say that my husband's filet mignon was the most winning dish of the evening. Thanks, Chapeau!, for giving my mother such a delightful dining experience. I would love to give you my business again in the future. If I had to recommend a French restaurant to a friend, this would be it.
I love this place. I went here with my girlfriends for girlsnight couple of weeks ago and we love this place. I've been here before when they were "Clementine" and absolutely loved the place and the food. It is probably better to go during the weekdays because the place can get really loud on weekend nights. Servers are excellent here, food is just superb and everything just fits in very nicely. Parking is kind of hard but you can do valet if you want. If you want to impress your first date, take her there and don't forget to do a reservation. =) They have pre-fixe menu which people usually get but last couple of times I just ordered things from the menu which were also great.
Did you ever have the experience of ordering something while the image in your mind is COMPLETELY different? It has happened twice for me this past October (once was at Subway) and now here! Booo... totally unexpected and kind of ruined my tastebuds. So I thought I ordered some sort of lambchops, but in the end, it was duck with lamb shreds and a mix of other healthy substances! It was good, but it was not for me that night. I then realized the very thick accented server were giving us a bazillions of specials which kind of overwhelmed us. Why won't restaurants just print out one for each of the server to give to us to take a quick look, because not all of us can retain like 10 specials in 3 minutes!Haha, but anyway, that was kind of disappointing. The place though was nice and small, very warmth with body heat and intimately lit atmosphere. You can expect the very old and the very young to be eating here. I had the pleasure of observing 2 little girls feasting out on a 3 course meals and complementing on how the seared salmon was excellent! Exact words, I swear! I gave out a little giggle to my BF :)Overall a good experience, but would come back to try their other dishes b/c everyone else around me were enjoying either lambchops, prime rib, or other kind of meat!
Food was delicious, service was warm and friendly, the atmosphere was small french bistro, and you can't beat $38 for a three course option.I'll be back.
My expectations were high given Yelp reviews, and as unpopular as this may be, Chapeau! was a bit of a disappointment. It was fine, but not the fine dining experience that it's been hyped up to be. The decor was clean, simple, but the space is tight and a bit loud for my taste (granted were were there on a Friday night.) The service was good, and the chef paid us a speedy visit immediately after we were seated, which was nice but came across as a bit insincere. The hostess and waiter were friendly and knowledgeable, the service was quick. The food was solid, traditional, but predictable, French: the mesclun salad was by far the best thing we tasted that night. My escargot appetizer was not good: lost in heavy-handed pool of garlic and parsley. And the Cassoulet de Toulouse was only memorable as an entree because it was large and hearty enough that all 4 of us were able to share a hearty portion. The porfiteroles for dessert were good, but unremarkable.For it's friendliness and solid French fare, I can see why the ratings are high, but being charged a premium price for a "solid" meal doesn't cut it. If you remove all the hype, Chapeau! is a solid 3 1/2 star restaurant.
Went to dinner here a few nights ago for a holiday dinner with a friend. The food and the staff were great but there could be some minor improvements that could have made the experience a 5-star instead of a 4 star - still a fan! Anyways, we get to the restaurant and you go through these doors to a big thick curtain. You pass the curtain and you wait for a hostess while your butt gets into the faces of people sitting there and eating. First of all, it took some time before the hostess acknowledged us because they were so busy. Second, very bad waiting area - you are standing in the dining room while people are trying to eat and the waiter would always have to excuse themselves through us to get to the tables which we had to squirm out of the way. It was awkward and uncomfortable. Third, we realized that the thick curtain was there to block the cold from coming through the door as it can gets cold when people enter and exit the restaurant. Suggestion to the restaurant - redo the front of the restaurant!! So, we finally get sitted and we were packed like sardines. Pretty tight sitting and definitely can hear all your neighbors conversation, so not a place to really talk about anything too personal. Alright, so we got comfy and we ordered. For our appetizer, we got the Trout and the Escargot. Both were very tasty - the escargot was actually soft in texture and the Trout tasted like salty fish (for all you Chinese people out there, it tasted like "hom yue"). For dinner, we got the Salmon and the Duck Breast. I had the Salmon and it was cooked medium rare and it was so tender. It was one of the best Salmon I had - YUMMY! My friend had the Duck Breast and he said it was delicious (I don't eat duck because it the one of the fattest poultry out there). So, we were full, but couldn't pass out dessert. My friend had the apple tart and I had the warm chocolate cake which takes 10 minutes to make. My friend liked his dessert, but I was disappointed with mine. It was actually kinda bland to me. The cake was bland with oozing chocolate coming out of it. The chocolate was not sweet. I would definitely come back for the food and service. I would have given a 5-star but there were some misses.
Wonderful food, delightful atmosphere and a welcoming staff. The right equation for a perfect culinary experience.Came here during the Dine About Town event, which ended up only being a couple bucks cheaper than their regular prix fixe dinner.The moment we walked in we were greeted by the chef himself, and welcomed to the restaurant. The staff was very accommodating (I am currently on crutches after ankle surgery), and let me change to a corner table where I could prop my foot up and ice it.We started off with the chestnut soup and Meclun salad, which were both DELICIOUS. The chestnut soup was wonderfully creamy and comforting. The perfect starter on such a cold day. The Meclun salad was light, but flavorful. I loved the dressing.For the our entrees we had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and the branzino (sea bass), but were incredibly tasty. Both were perfectly cooked and accompanied by the most deliciously creamy mashed potatoes.We ended the evening with the Profiteroles and the Nuage de Noix. The profiteroles were just decadent. Yum. The Nuage de Noix was a bit to sweet for my taste. The cake itself was delightful, but the syrup it came with reminded me of an orange creamsicle and was a bit too sweet.All in all, I would totally recommend coming to Chapeau.
I wanted to love this place, I really did. After reading all these great reviews I think I expected much more from the restaurant. On the plus side, the chef was on the floor greeting and chatting up customers the entire time I was there. It'a nice that he shows great appreciation for his patrons. I did the Dine About Town menu and wasn't entirely impressed. I ordered...- Appetizer: Mesclun salad with fried Camembert and walnut bread - although seemingly simple, I really enjoyed this salad...maybe because there's fried cheese in it.- Entree: Duck breast with bok choy and polenta - the duck was cooked well and the polenta was thick, yet creamy. I didn't care for the bok choy because it was over cooked, almost a complete mush. Overall, I thought the dish was ok, just not spectacular.- Dessert: Tahitian vanilla creme brle - this was good, very rich and creamy. I liked that it came in a wide, shallow dish because that meant more surface area for the burnt sugar. I started to feel sick from the richness before I could finish this. It's a lot of creme brle. If I come back again, I would try the cassoulet.
Hats off! ;o)I've never had a bad experience or meal here. Always great service, great food, and a great time.Entrees are good, but my favorites have always been the surprise amuse bouches and appetizers. Their foie gras is served perfectly, and surprisingly, I have always loved their simple mesclun salad (there's something about the dressing that makes it taste simple and complex at the same time). Great for a romantic date or a perfect meal with great company.
I LOVE French food and after trying a fair amount of French restaurants locally and abroad, I still think Chapeau is one of the best. Admittedly, this restaurant holds a special place in my heart because my husband proposed to me after a fabulous meal here, but all biases aside, the food is amazing!! We had the foie gras (too bad we can't get that anymore), sweetbreads, mussels, filet, and rack of lamb. All were absolutely delicious! The service is also great! Chapeau has a cute, intimate setting and I would definitely recommend it for a date night or nice dinner out when you don't want to spend too much.
*Make sure you make a reservation. I think their capacity is only 49 people.We went here the other day for my sister's birthday and everything about this place was fantastic. We had a 6:30pm reservation (on a Weds) and the place was packed but we were seated right away...after being greeted by the chef. He was great and French and kissed us all on both cheeks.The atmosphere in the restaurant was classy but upbeat and fun. The waiters were all very attentive and helpful in explaining the French foods we were unfamiliar with. We started with the salmon tartar appetizer, which was absolutely amazing. I think my Mom called it phenomenal and my Dad said he could have eaten a whole plate of that for dinner.After that my Dad got the cassoulet, which is served in a clay pot and is sort of a stew like dish with beans, lamb shoulder and duck leg and sausage. My Mom and I got the Wild Skate Wing, which is a white fish that you really can't find in other restaurants around here. It was sort of sour, which was awesome! My sister got the Petit Poussin, which is baby chicken, and after she said she was going to save half for lunch tomorrow she basically devoured it.Because it was my sister's birthday we ended up getting three desserts even though we were all stuffed. The Tahitenne Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee was my favorite, although my sister was bummed that it didn't have any mint on it. My Mom loved the Warm Chocolate CakeBanana Flambe with Rum & Banana Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce. She couldn't stop talking about the rum and banana ice cream. Which was kind of funny since my Dad and I didn't like the ice cream at all. We also got the Lemon Tart, which they brought over for free with a candle in it for my sister.This place was awesome. The food, the people, the service, the many many times we all said 'Bon Appetit!'...what more can you ask for?
We were greeted by a lovely and funny French man, the owner of the place. Ambiance in the restaurant was super charming and you could tell there were a lot of frequent guests. Mussels, steak and the hazelnut dessert were absolutely delicious but the white fish left much to be desired. So if you find dishes you enjoy, this place is definitely a spot to return to for a romantic date or a girly get together.
Came here a while ago with my bf for a date night. I LOVED THE FOOD.Everything was delicious--and the service was great. The chef came out and greeted us too! Such a friendly man!I'd love to come back here again, definitely a place to hit up in SF.
Tuesday was a day of firsts. It was the first time I've ever received flowers from a boy. (Pathetic to be receiving my first roses at the ripe old age of 24? Possibly, but worth it to have such a lovely man handing them to me.) It was the first time I've ever eaten foie gras. (So sorry little duckies, but your livers are delicious!) It was also the first time where I've worn a slightly inappropriate dress to a fancy dinner. (I spent the majority of the meal checking myself out in the mirror and making sure a boob didn't pop out.) Chapeau! has been a bookmarked restaurant of mine since way back in July of 2007. Talk about exceeding expectations: Chapeau! was perfect. The complimentary bread was warm and crackly, and it reminded me of the scene in Ratatouille where the Sous Chef says that you can tell a good bread by its sound. The leisurely (never slow) service allowed us to enjoy a couple loaves in between courses. Appetizers included the foie gras (foie gras, potato, and apple) and the corn puree (corn puree, dungeness crab). Both plates were hearty, and we wound up passing bites back and forth. This was an indication of what was to come: indeed, much of our dinner dialogue was "Oh my god, you have to try this! It's amazing!" He had the filet mignon, served with mushrooms and potatoes, while I had the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin, served with braised swiss chard and parsnip puree. Both entrees were cooked to our request and complimented well by their sides (I may have even engaged in a couple of furtive glances to the left and right before wiping the plate with my finger). By the time dessert rolled around, we were both full, but shared the creme brulee and the warm chocolate cake, a particularly memorable version served with banana ice cream and flambeed bananas. The cap on the perfect meal was the complimentary panna cotta with strawberry garnish, an apology of sorts for the long wait for a table despite our reservation. By the time we wheeled ourselves out of the restaurant, we had agreed that our first time at Chapeau! was fantastic, and that it would certainly not be our last. And with that, my wine-drunk, boob-falling-out, dirty-mouthed, unethical-animal-eating self passed out in the back of a cab. Ah, you never forget your first.
Delightful French place, seems to embrace CA food culture--lighter than traditional preparations.
My son gave us a gift certificate for Christmas. We made reservations for December 30 and looked forward to a meal in what we had been told was one of the outstanding restaurants of San Francisco.When we arrived we were warmly greeted by the hostess and were escorted to our seat in the lively and attractive dining room by the executive chef. Everything was fine up till then. We sat at our table for a good 10 minutes before anyone approached us. Finally a very imperious waiter with a French accent gave us menus, then immediately left. He retuned a few minutes later with pencil and pad in hand asking if we we're ready to order. He just stood there waiting for us to order. I had to ask if there were any specials that evening. That was a mistake. He quickly mentioned a couple of specials that were hard to understand, however one was a grilled rib of beef for two which we saw being served at a nearby table.  From a distance it looked good so we ordered it, along with French Onion Soup and the raw salmon appetizer. Both were quite good. The beef, however was quite greasy and tough and very disappointing--especially since when we paid our bill we discovered it was $100.00, which we had not been told. Since all the other entrees on the menu were in the $20-$35.00 range we had no idea our entree would be $100.00 for two. Needless to say our gift certificate only covered our entree. So while this restaurant may be well regarded, be sure to ask the prices for the specials. We feel we got stuck. And I think it was mostly because our waiter wasn't paying attention to us or giving us all the information we deserved. Our bill (for two) was over $250.00. Watch out!
Came for DAT although it was clearly not needed as they have their own prefix menu that is almost similar in price give or take a few dollars. I will skip the food review since there are many others on yelp, but what I ordered was delicious (chestnut soup, glazed chicken, nuage de noix). The service here was exceptional. We were serviced by the chef himself and also thanked on the way out. A lot is to be said about a chef who takes the time to converse with his guests and because of that single factor, Chapeau will forever have a place in my heart.The only thing is that the tables are very close together and we shared a table with 2 other guests. But not a huge deal as the restaurant does tend to fill up.
I lean towards 4.5 stars...but I am rounding up given the overall experience points associated with the fantastic evening (it's a very complicated algorithm that I apply but can't fully explain...it's black box stuff). Understated location and interior...which is not a bad thing at all. The linens and ambiance are traditional but not fussy, much like the service. The owner/chef greets everyone and the staff is attentive but never there at the wrong moment. The tables are close together, but we still managed to feel like we were alone and not forced to make friends. Although we brought a bottle from Lambert Bridge that I had saved for a few years, the waiter was great at recommending a few glasses on the side to pair with certain dishes. I had to have the foie gras with apples to start, and it was worth every penny of the supplement. It was perfect, melt in your mouth foie gras and the apples were a great compliment. The tasting fish was a seared scallop with risotto...the risotto was fantastic and worked well with the scallop, perhaps a little too predictable for me, but still very well executed. The real winner was the bacon wrapped pork loin. Yes, they wrapped my pork in pork! It was a porkapalooza of sorts, and amazing. This was the best item I ate during my visit to San Francisco and it makes me long for my former home, particularly while I dream of pork wrapped delights. Dessert also had a clear winner. The warm chocolate cake was great, but the french toast with caramel and hazelnut ice cream was the perfectly creative taste combination to end the night with...along with a nice sautern.
Many thanks to you Yelpers, especially the recent ones who noted the foie gras appetizer that was the special for the day. Glad I got it while it's still on the menu. Good stuff. Unfortunately I got back from Montreal recently and was still on a liver kick from Pied de Cochon. Yeah, they got it good up there. Sorry to compare things against that place.We got the three course menu which was great. I had the duck. It was great, tasty and tender, cooked just right, with the right amount of firmness. My friend had the sea bass. It was good, but as expected. Not sure what we were expecting in terms of taste. Then we had a conversation about what French food is all about only to conclude, they make good duck. And this place demonstrates it.Oh and for dessert, get the Basil Napoleon. It's not the Napoleon you're thinking of, but it's light and good and without any pastry crust. Perfect to end the meal rather than what I ordered, the heavy chocolate cake. Too much for me.
WOW! Outstanding food and outstand service. The head chef was very welcoming and even kissed us all goodbye. I'm not a big fan of French food but I really enjoyed this restaurant. They really pace you here so expect to dine for at least a couple hours. It's also crowded and noisy here unless you're the last table around.The lamb shank was huge and tender. The pork shoulder was a little salty but not bad. The sea bass was another good choice. End with their chocolate cake - it explodes like a volcano.JONASAPPROVED!
Foei gras, filet mignon and chocolate lave cake was awesome! No words to describe. Meat was tender and juicy, and the lava cake was just baked to perfection! Place was very homey and had the "romantic" touch. Would recommend this place to anyone who would want to try semi fine dining!! Too bad they dont have Foie Gras anymore here in california :(
5 stars. I can't think of one thing I don't like about this place, it's a romantic and charming atmosphere, excellent service, delicious food, and reasonable price. AMBIANCE: Cute, charming, and warm- light colored walls, soft lighting but not dark, classic decor, upscale but not stuffy. FOOD: Everything was perfect!-- Appetizer: Trio of Salmon- House smoked salmon sliced thin, wrapped around a mound of salmon tartar, surrounded by a sprinkling of hard boiled egg (but light and fluffy) and some yummy crunchy things that tasted like peppered fried capers. The salmon was fresh and flavorful, the dish reminded me of a yummy sushi dish.--Appetizer- Foie Gras/Apple/Brioche--A generous portion of foie gras sliced thin, seared till nice and brown on the outside. I only had a bite but it was really good.-- Appetizer- Sweetbreads- simple, delicious.--Entree- Scallops with Pesto Risotto- 3 HUGE scallops, seared perfectly and tender inside, sitting atop a creamy vibrant green pesto risotto, surrounded by a little lobster broth. So good, perfectly seasoned, portion was large so I took leftovers home.--Entree- Filet Mignon, foie gras, wild mushrooms - I had a bite of this and I'll definitely order this next time. Filet was perfectly medium rare to rare, seasoned well. Mushrooms were sauteed and delicious, and I think there was truffle oil on this dish wish smelled and tasted amazing. --Dessert- Trio of Sorbets- House made fresh sorbet in raspberry, mango and lime? Served with a mild apple chutney in a hazelnut "basket". The sorbets were yummy and fresh. Chutney was ok, I don't think it really added to the dessert but it didn't hurt it. -- Dessert- French Toast- This dish is a must order, it is to die for and is the best french toast ever. A thin slice of french toast, buttery and soaking up the sauce surrounding it, and topped with melting hazelnut ice cream. Portions are pretty large compared to similar restaurants. I usually can finish my plate at finer restaurants like this one but here I had to take leftovers home in a doggy bag. SERVICE: Super friendly, they make you feel special and appreciated, and even give you a hug when you leave. Altogether a perfect place for any occasion, excellent service and food, and great value.
My first 5-star review in I-don't-know-how-long. I hadn't been to Chapeau! since it first opened about 10 years ago. The purpose of my return visit was the cassoulet and the cassoulet alone. It didn't disappoint. But in all honesty, the other items that the group ordered easily equalled if not beat the cassoulet's splendor: an appetizer of brie w/ fingerling potato, a goat cheese appetizer, bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, and a scallop risotto in lobster bisque. So as a tip, don't try and do the cassoulet alone. It's a noble battle. A righteous battle, even. But not a battle for which you're ever going to look in the mirror the next day and feel good about yourself. Do yourself a favor and find someone to split it with and share another entree.Total tab including tax and tip: $250ish for four with 2 appetizers, 2 desserts, and 2 bottles of wine. Good deal, no?P.S. Does anyone else wonder who does the cooking if the chef is always at the front kissing people and shaking hands?
Chapeau was on the list of "to eats" during Dine About Time. I just never got around to it seeing as we ate out pretty much every night and ran out of time to squeeze it in. BF invited couple friend to dinner. The four of us got seated pretty quickly. The head chef/owner was a hoot. He greeted each and every person with a kiss. Thanked us for coming in. Wow, stole the thunder right from the host. Dinner at 6:30pm meant we could dine off the "early bird" special menu. Not bad, seeing as it was a pretty good deal. 3 courses for about $30. Their regular menu also consisted of designing your own 3 or 4 course menu. The wine pouring was a little skimpy but I guess it didn't matter to me seeing as I drank champagne. Food was excellent. I had the salmon which was cooked to perfection. Crispy on the outside, firm and soft on the inside. Not dry at all. I stole a bite from the BF's plate of chicken. Pretty good as well. For dessert we had the profiteroles which were a heavy helping on its own. I highly recommend this restaurant. Ambiance is clean, bright, almost like the living room of someone's home in Hayes Valley. The servers are nice and attentive. The chef will personally thank you for coming. Food is excellent. Menu options are a good idea as well.
Four and a half stars. They lost half a star only for ambiance because the restaurant is small but always busy, and consequently it's uncomfortably noisy. But that's about the only negative thing I can say about Chapeau! following our recent dining experience.We all opted for the 3 courses for $38, and the food was wonderful. I had the tiger prawns to start, and the duck for my main course. The duck (I wished it hadn't been served with an orange sauce) consisted of both leg and breast, and was absolutely perfectly cooked to my liking. The amount of meat was extremely generous and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The prawns were good, but I particularly enjoyed the tomato and onion marmalade and the herb aioli that accompanied them.For dessert H and I shared the delicious Nuage de Noix (Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue) and the Vanilla Bean Crme Brle, which would have been perfection, if only they had caramalized the sugar on top a bit more.The wine menu was decent, and they were happy to let us taste a few wines before deciding on a bottle. Bonus - corkage is $18 a bottle, but they wave the fee if you also buy a bottle from their menu.Service was warm and friendly and very efficient, and the owner/chef/sommelier Phillipe was a genuinely enthusiastic and gracious host.I can't wait to come back for more!
the food is amazing (i'll get to that later) but what sets this restaurant apart is how the chef/owner runs his restaurant. particularly, the way he engages his customers. he personally greets and thanks each and every customer. honestly, who does that nowadays? it caught my wife and i off guard because you just don't get that kind of warmth from a busy restaurant owner.humorous experience: when he greeted us... he gave a double-cheek kiss to my wife (customary french greeting) and when he came up to me, i quickly said "i'm just gonna shake your hand brotha". we shared a good laugh. AFTER the meal... i was so damn happy that when he asked me how my meal was, i smacked two big kisses on both of his cheeks (face cheeks, c'mon people). and yes, i was slightly drunk. but i meant it.... every ounce of my saliva was an expression of appreciation and love for the man.the food was fantastic. like many other yelpers, we enjoyed the french onion soup, the foie gras, and the filet mignon with MORE foie gras on top. the finish it off, we got the creme brulee AND warm chocolate cake (don't say you have had either dessert before... you haven't until you've had it HERE). by the end of the meal, i was so stuffed that i felt like my own liver became foie gras. wait a sec... why do i get the feeling like you are looking at me like i'm some poor duck waiting for my fate? well so be it! i bet my liver would taste hella good after all the fatty goodness i've eaten over my lifetime!our waiter was great, too. awesome authentic french accent as well... or was it korean? i can't remember. but it was cool. he wasn't over the top friendly, but he was polite, cordial, prompt, and not in-your-face. all the things i expect from a good waiter. and the poor guy ended up staying late because we were his last customers. i had no idea... but i saw the guy change out of his clothes quickly after we signed the check. if the waiter is reading this, sorry and thank you for allowing us to enjoy our meal.all in all... wonderful experience.
Nice ambiance. Impeccable service. Delicious food!I came here a few months ago for a friend's birthday. I was the first to arrive, and honestly I was a bit confused and wasn't sure if i was at the right location. Immediately a waitress approached me to give me some info. My original plan was to walk around and come back later, but that plan was quickly dashed when the owner gave me a warm handshake. Next thing I know, I was sipping wine at the bar!We had the prix fixed meal for $38. Quite affordable for a 3-course meal with appetizer, entree and dessert. Our waiter was very friendly and had a very good knowledge about the wine we selected.I had the Trio of Salmon for appetizer. It was a good blend of texture and taste, but it could have used a little bit more flavor. I dribbled sauce from my friend's oyster, and it made the dish taste better, in my opinion.For the entree, I had the Duck Breast. This was very delicious and cooked to perfection. The meat was tender. The pears and grapes that came with the breast added a sweetness to the dish and was quite flavorful.And for dessert, the French Toast with Hazelnut Ice Cream was to die for! Hazelnut has always been one of my favorites, but combine that with warm french toast and soft caramel, it was like a party! After eating half, I was so full and swear my stomach was going to explode, but it was too good to not finish!We also had anchovy sticks for free and that was quite delicious as well. Overall, I'd definitely come back.
Once again, Chapeau did not disappoint. Five stars plus. I doubt many vegetarians come across a 5 star French restaurant. Chef Philippe made the rounds early on greeting each table with a welcome. I don't know why but I love that he does this.  Once again the food was outstanding. I had the prix fixed 3 course vegetarian. Warm Brie on Potato & Leek Darphin, Mizuna & Walnuts,Red Wine Reduction/Vegetable Napoleon for entre/ dessert-French toast w hazelnut ice cream. All three absolutely fabulous.  BFH had the same experience but with a carnivore twist. His salad and filet mignon were "outstanding". He did say he felt the sauce made the filet and he's not sure he would have enjoyed the steak without it. His was reaction to the Basil Napoleon dessert was very slight oh's as he ate, so I took that as good sign.  Their wine list and help selecting the perfect French wine for my food and my tastes was excellent.  I have to comment on the service: It was impeccable, perfect and comfortable. Everyone was a true professional and very friendly and personable. What is not to to love about Chapeau.
Nice, cute little bistro! I came here wondering where this restaurant actually was, and realized it was the same restaurant I had been a few years back -- remodelled with a new name! It was Clementine before!We walked in and received a warm welcome and handshake by the chef. I believe he is the owner also. We didn't have reservations, so we had to sit at the bar. Service was nice. We had the early bird dinner special. Received some french bread while we were waiting. For appetizer, we had the escargot (the garlic butter sauce soo good!.. what happened to the shells? lol) and mesclun salad with fried camenbert cheese (the highlight of the salad for me!), creme dijonnaiase, grape, and pistachios with walnut bread (bread was okay). For our entrees, we had the mussels and cassoulet de toulouse (canellini Beans/ Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder/Duck Leg Confit/ Garlic & Toulouse Sausage ). The mussel had a nice white wine sauce and were extremely fresh, the fries were average. The cassoulet was okay. It wasn't my preference, but I didn't know what to expect given that it was the first cassoulet I ever tried. It was a dish full of beans with a duck leg confit. It had a baked crisp crust on top, that was addicting good though! For dessert, the vanilla bean creme brulee and profiteroles were amazing!! This was a nice finish to a pleasant dinner! The profiteroles were drenched in a dark chocolate sauce, and were not too sweet! Perfect! As we walked out, we noticed a couple ladies eating the floating island dessert...ill have to try it next time!! It looked like a work of art with a dome shaped sugar like web that you need to break in order to get to the flan like piece in the middle!What makes this place different from many other restaurants is the chef being very hospitable, greeting everyone as they come and go with hugs, french kisses, and handshakes. Ambiance is nice, but not super quiet or anything. This is probably not a place you would want to go for a quick dinner, yet nice for a date or get together with friends! Reservations recommended! Price is fairly reasonable! We'll be back!!
If I find someone who will take me here twice a week, I'm getting married. I prefer men, but willing to negotiate for Chapeau. I'm open minded.Sweet breads. Foie gras. Oysters. Filet mingon. Rack of lamb. Pork tenderloin. Duck confit. Chocolate cake. French toast. Yes, I ate it all.  And it did not matter what was in my mouth, the entire dinner was amazing.The service was amazing. The owners are some of the sweetest people I've ever met. Who can resist a French accent, by the way?Now, one thing I'd like to mention, for you impatient/fast diners out there: this is a fine restaurant for leisurely dining. Don't come here if you have plans afterward. Because this dining experience is all you need for one evening. So, whoever is complaining about the wait time in between dishes needs to chill out. It's fancy and it's French and as long as the food keeps melting in my mouth and the wine is being poured in my glass, they can take their sweet time bringing out the dishes!
Here for anniversary dinner, and we were seated in an intimate corner table. Absolutely delicious, and genuinely French, serving classics.Appetizer: Onion Soup, best I've ever had.Entree: Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin on Bed of Spinach and Pureed Parsnips... (When I tasted the parsnip puree I thought, "Oh my f***ing gawd", then, when I tasted the pork, I thought, "Oh my f***ing gawd".) Delicious!!Dessert: French Toast, highly recommend2nd Dessert: (Our server brought us someone else's wrapped leftovers, so he brought us another dessert to apologize!) Creme Brulee... uhh-mazing.Definitely coming back to this Inner Richmond charm for any special occasion.
I really wanted to love this place because of all the reviews on yelp.. but here's my night:Restaurant: Small, quaint, lightly dimmed, friendly staff... Food: We came here before 6pm so we were able to do the Early Bird Special that was $28 (includes: appetizer, entree and dessert) Parking: It's not in the crowded part of Clement so parking was easy. What we had:Appetizers-Escargot with Buttery Garlic Sauce-- too salty :( had to dip with bread to offset the saltiness Salad with Fried Camembert and Pistachios- yummy, I'll definately get this next time... but he Camembert was a little to bold for meSeared Foie Gras with Brioche-- it was $18.. I've had better ones for less.. I was a little disappointed.. Main Dishes-Filet Mignon-- OMG.. really good.. tender, juicy, flavorful. One of the best I've hadPetit Poussin (Cornish Hen)-- nothing spectacular about this dish.. Mussels with White Wine and Pomme Frites-- this was good.. but nothing special... the fries were good. Cassoulet (Duck Confit with Sausage)-- Was unhappy with this dish.. it was flavorful.. but I was thrown off because it said shredded lamb shoulder (which I didn't even see in the dish) but the dish was covered with breadcrumbs which actually made me think of the "Shake and Bake Chicken" my mom used to make when I was younger..Desserts-Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle-- Really yummy.. but hard to get this wrong at any restaurant. Basil Napolean-- the Basil was a nice change from the regular flavors you would normally experience for dessert, I liked this a lot. Profiteroles- The "shell" pastry of the dessert seemed soggy.. and it wasn't really good.... definitely wouldn't order this again.French toast with Soft Caramel, Hazelnut Ice Cream-- this is my FAVORITE... so good.. :) So.. My family, the people I came with, liked their food.. I didn't love my food but I'd definitely come here for the salad, filet mignon and the french toast again.. :)
Great Service and food was amazing! Def recommend for a cute date night with your loved one.
Tried this restaurant with an old classmate of mine. We got an early reservation at 5:30pm. We both were about 10 minutes late, but were seated immediately. The server explained the menu well and was very attentive. Food did take a little bit to come out, but we did just fine waiting with a good glass of wine and great conversation. We both had the three course meal. I had the salmon appetizer, the filet mignon, and the chocolate cake... each course was seasoned and cooked perfectly. My friend had the scallop dish and she loved it. The place was very lively and definitely crowded. I agreed with the comments that the tables were very close to each other. There was this couple sitting next to us and they barely talked at all ... a little awkward. I digressed... Okay, to sum it up, food was great and definitely recommended.
This restaurant surprised me in a very good way. My brother and I were running late so I asked yelp about late night dining. Chapeau was on the first page (thanks, Yelp!!!). The chef answered the phone and said they would seat us up until 10:00 (10:30 F&S) and we would not feel hurried. I mentioned we were in jeans and jackets, and he said to come as we were.We were greeted with enthusiasm by the chef and the staff, and the place was still somewhat crowded, mostly with dates. The food was excellent! Our waiter provided superb wine suggestions to complement each course. My opinion: the food was very reasonably priced considering the high quality. Our waiter was great - he was competent and professional and made a genuine effort to assure that our food and wine selections were perfect. We ordered using the very flexible fixed price menu and enjoyed every morsel. In the end, I was full, happy, and pleased to have found a new favorite restaurant. Check this place out!
I was really excited to surprise my boyfriend with a meal here on our San Fran vacation, but overall, we were underwhelmed. We are very fortunate to live in Las Vegas where we have amazing food at our disposal, however the reviews were so great I expected more. The food was good, but not memorable in any way. What I was most disappointed in was the service. Our waitress barely greeted us, didn't really explain the menu, and my empty water glass went without a refill the entire night. For a dinner that costs over $100 I was disappointed.
I am sorry I have to give them ONE star... the biggest problem I had is their SERVICE There is only 1 waitress? who only cares the customers she knows. Nobody bring a glass of water untill my bf raised his hand (took 5~10 min to get a glass of water)Nobody bring a menu until WE ACTUALLY ASKED Nobody comes to our table for taking ordersNobody bring a basket (bread) until my bf raised his handNobody comes to ask for taking drink order...I was sooooo mad at their service and wanted to talk to the manger... or just stand up and get the menu by myself. Worse service is still Minako Japanese restaurant but this restaurant comes to the next worst service restaurant
Wonderful restaurant. I took my girlfriend here and we had a splendid dinner. From the catering to the food, everything was spectacular. We will definitely be coming back.
French kisses by the chef when you come and go...sweet but also makes you wonder...why is the chef on the floor and not in the kitchen?! Excellent service! Hostess was warm and friendly. The waiter was attentive and knew his stuff. The Chef was constantly popping around to check that everything was going well. Now let's get to the good stuff...the food. I will say that I expected a little more (hence the 4 rather than 5 star review). What I did love was the... Cassoulet de Toulouse: GET THIS! This is the first time I've ever had cassoulet and I'm hooked! I have found my new favorite French dish...I crave it all the time now...Gregoire had it for a month but sigh the menu changed and good bye went the cassoulet. I also had the Filet Mignon which had an amazing buttery texture but could have had more flavor. I was disappointed by the Wild Caught Skate Wing. It was good but nothing fantastic. I'd say skip it and try something else. To end the night I had the Warm Chocolate Cake...yummy! They know how to make a chocolate cake. Make a reservation and get the Cassoulet!!
I took my fiance here on Friday for a special night out as he was a little down in the dumps and I wanted to cheer him up with a special treat! We had a 9:15 reservation and when we walked in we were immediately greeted by Chef Philipe. Our table was ready soon after. We started off with a bottle of the house Bordeaux, which was disappointing for the price, especially as it was what the waiter recommended. Instead of ordering off the Prix Fixed menu (neither of us was in the mood for dessert), we decided to share one appetizer, one palate cleanser and two entrees. Appetizer: Tiger Prawns wrapped in Phylo Dough - pretty good for a bottom feeder. My fiance loves ordering shrimp out yet I have to beg him to have it at home. I feel as if there are better things out there to try when at a restaurant. The dough was yummy Palate Cleanser: Colonel - Lemon-Ginger Sorbet, Citrus Infused Vodka. This was surprisingly very delicious. Love ginger though. My entree: Wild Caught Skate Wing - per all the Yelp reviews I decided to order the Chef's masterpiece. It was good, but not crazy delicious. I wouldn't order it again. Kind of plain. I guess I was expecting more. Fiance's entree: Duck special (I think). I was so sad when our dishes came out as my plate was HUGE and my fish was pretty large, but his dish was soooo tiny and his food looked like baby bites. He says it was decadent, and that he didn't really need that much, but they could have presented it a bit better. I did like that they didn't rush us out as I think we left around midnight. I didn't like Chef Philipe kissing me goodbye. Creepy!!!!!! And that he was out mingling the entire time we were there and never once was in the kitchen, was kind of surprising. I guess he trusts his cooks, but I wanted to see less of him chatting it up with the guests and hanging out at the bar. Overall...I won't be back. There are a ton of better restaurants in the city and even though we only live a few blocks away, I think I will just pass on by Chapeau from now on.
I used to live right across the street from this place and from my window I'd constantly see the chef running down customers to shake their hands and thank them for coming to his restaurant. This happened every night, if you made it out of the restaurant and he hadn't thanked out he would catch up to you so he could. After a year of seeing that I had to try the place.This isn't the sort of restaurant you can walk in off the street and grab a table; make a reservation. This is a small cozy little restaurant and the food is fantastic. Definitely my favorite French restaurant and one of my top restaurant. Amazing food, great restaurant and the chef is just a class act. 5 stars easily
From the moment we were greeted at the door by the head chef, this was an amazing experience. The waiter had a French accent which we could hardly understand, but it mattered not. The appetizers were delicious. I had the salmon three ways, and my girlfriend had the escargot. She said it was the best escargot she has had outside of Paris. The salmon was exquisite, complimented by egg and fried capers. The wine was great. We eagerly finished the appetizers and began anticipating the main course.My Cassoulet de Toulouse was delicious, but the real winner was the lovely lady with the Filet Mignon. My goodness, that was amazing. The desserts were surprisingly average. We had creme brulee and a floating island. Maybe we didn't try their best ones.I would highly recommend Chapeau to anyone. Fantastic food, service, and atmosphere.
My boyfriend took me here for our one year. He had made the perfect choice. I love how the place is not too pretentious, it was very welcoming and warm. It's definitely a date night setting where tables are mainly for party of 2. The lights are dimmed and 80% of the people there were couples. We did the prix fixed option. I ordered the Frise, Duck Confit & Smoked Duck Magret, Fingerling Potato Chips, Classic French Vinaigrette. Two things I love the most, duck and chips. Paired together? Amazing result. The thin crispy potato chips complements really well with the texture of the duck. The crunchiness just makes chewing duck a little less expected. For the main course, I think I got the flounder or some type of special of the day. The fish was really good. They left the skin on the fish and grilled it to a perfect crispy-ness. So each bite you get a thin layer of cripsy skin and buttery, melt-in-your- mouth fish. Lastly, I got the creme brulee. It wasn't a tough decision because I love creme brulee. It was very traditionally and simple - simplicity always rules! The pricing was on the higher end. But definitely worth it if you are celebrating an occasion. My only criticism is that the tables are way too close to one another. Especially since it's an intimate setting, it's really awkward because I can hear every single word from the table next to me.
We would have never heard of Chapeau! but for Yelpers! We were in the area after visiting the brand new California Science Center in Golden Gate Park so we decided to stroll by Chapeau! for dinner on a Saturday night.The restaurant is small and it's surprising that there are so many reviewers! The front is inconspicuous and dimly lit, with small tables, and painted walls, it reminded us of a small french bistro. The restaurant was crowded throughout the night with various birthday celebrations, friendly rendezvous, and romantic dates.We shared the set tasting menu 2 and had the mussels with pomme frites, prawn & risotto, filet mignon, & chocolate cake for dessert. We wanted to order the prime rib but it wasn't on the menu!The wait staff was really attentive. We had bottomless glasses of water, the complimentary soup taster was really good and the bread was warm.The mussels and pomme frites were great! We recommend that. The shrimp & risotto is a pass, the filet mignon was good but not great, and the dessert was pretty good.Overall, we would have given the place a 3.5 star for the meal. It is an eclectic mix of patrons given the fact that it's right in the heart of Clement Street with all these Asian restaurants, here you have a french restaurant with Asian servers.We'd go back again, maybe on an early bird night to take advantage of their 3 course meal for $25.50!
Fantastic Food. Just thinking about this meal makes my mouth water. I love this place so much that I get a little defensive when I read others negative reviews. I just can't understand how anyone can dislike it! So to stand up for my favorite restaurant I want to address a couple issues that other reviewers brought up: 1.) The tables are close together. We went early so this wasn't an issue as the seating was spaced out and no one was seated next to us. If you have an issue with being close to others just go early.2.) Yes, the food is very rich. Hello folks! Shocker, but it's French cuisine.3.) Yes, almost all the waitstaff does speak with a French accent. I have no idea if the accents are real or not, but I honestly couldn't care one way or another as they communicate effectively and do their job damn well. Who even stops to wonder about this? And yes, the whole meal is on European time. Personally, I love this. However, if you're in a rush this may not be the restaurant for you.And now for something completely different:1.) We started out with the fois gras appetizer and the Onion Soup. the fois gras was one of the best I've had in my life. It literally melted in the mouth. The pairing of fruit was perfect with the fatty liver. Fantastic! The onion soup was very tasty.2.) I had a single scallop on a small bed of risotto, for an amuse bouche, which was quite honestly extraordinary. I practically licked the plate clean.3.) For the main course we had duck and halibut. The duck was stunning with a savory sauce that made your mouth water for more the minute you swallowed. The halibut was so light and delicate I just kept making pleasing guttural noises with every bite. The creamy sauce over a small amount of obviously very fresh pasta was rich while still being delicate and not overwhelming. 4.) Surprisingly, despite everyone raving about the chocolate cake this was in fact our least favorite aspect of the meal. It was a decent cake, but just wasn't up the high standard set by the rest of the meal. Next time I will get the Creme Brulee. 5.) We purchased the wine paring for the entire meal. Although this really upped the price of dinner I can not recommend this highly enough. The wine pairings were balanced beautiful to amplify and draw out the complex flavorings of the meal. This is my favorite French restaurant in San Francisco, even better than Fleur de Lys.
Friendly & very attentative staff!! We were 15 minutes late to our reservation but the hostess was kind enough to seat us right away. This place fills up fast, come in the for the Early Bird special!!! It's worth it!!! 3 course dinner for $30 a person! The chef came out and greeted us! OMG, the vibe of the restaurant is cozy and very romantic. An excellent place to take a date! The Mesclun Salad was soooooo heavenly! The polenta with the duck was made to perfection! and the Creme brulee... just to die for!!I've never tried french cuisine before but after dinner last night, I will definitely want to come back for more and more and more!!! The cutest thing was when we were leaving, the chef came out and thanked us, oh no, THANK YOU!!!
Beautiful and delicious food ;)
I don't really care how many people reviewed this place before me. The experience I had was definately worth throwing in my 2 cents.Chapeau was my first fancy french resteraunt experience. I've been to france, and I've had plenty of French food.. but the romantic expensive and la-dee-da experience always alluded me (be it price or company).6 months into it with my lady, and we decided this was the perfect place to mark the occasion. We got there around 5:30 , and the ambiance of the place struck me immediately. Dim lights, a full bar, and a flurry of french accents attack you as you walk in. The chef comes out and personally shakes the hand of every person who walks in (a very nice touch I must say).Prepare yourself for thick accents. Luckily I speak french, so I didn't have to worry much. I could see other people having trouble understanding the waiters though. Yes, I did order in French, and no it didn't really get me any bonus points. I started with the Fois Gras on a toasted Brioche, while the lady had a muscot salad. Both were good, but the Fois Gras was seriously out of this world (well done yelpers!). For the meal, I went with the ever so popular filet mignon topped with mushrooms and potatoes, while she had a flounder ontop of mashed potatoes. As I told the waiter... the filet was just TOO GOOD. Seriously. I'm concerned that I won't be able to eat another steak without the texture aroma and deliciousness of this memory coming back to haunt me. Medium rare and perfect beyond belief.  The Flounder was good, but not crazy, blow your mind good. The flavors were alot more bland, and next time neither of us would order it.Dessert was even better. GET THE FRENCH TOAST. Enough said... I don't know what they do to it, but it was the best dessert I've ever had, and I never eat dessert! Some dessert wine to wash it down, and we were on our way.5 stars Chapeau! Thanks for the best meal I've had in my inexperienced little life!!!Bill including wine, food, dessert wine, and pre-drinks: $185....
I'm a big fan of French bistros so I was very excited to eat here... And the outcome was GREAT! It's located in the outer part of the Richmond district in this cute cozy yellow restaurant. The ambiance was mellow, classy, and warm with dim lighting. The host was very polite and the bartender was a great improviser. I told him I wanted a delicious fruity martini and he ended up mixing champagne with mango puree, and some liqueur which turned out to be really GOOD, and discretely strong. =)The Food was absolutely amazing. I went with the menu#1 prix fixed 3 course menu. appetizer, entree and dessert for $38Appetizer: Trio of Salmon with Gravlax, Tartar & Caviar/ Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache/Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing. Entree: Filet Mignon with Pommes de Terre Landaise/ King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms/Sauce  la PrigourdineDessert:Warm Chocolate Cake with Banana Flambe/ Rum & Banana Ice Cream/Caramel Sauce. Everything was DELICIOUS!! I love Salmon and the appetizer was amazing with the hint of lemon juice. The Filet Mignon was very tender and the sauce paired perfectly with the savory meat and mushrooms. Now, the dessert was the icing. The warm chocolate cake filled with oozing chocolate sauce, seared banana and creamy double churned ice cream. Everything just seems to melts in your mouth. I adore this place, and will definitely come back.
To start off with, we had the special pan-seared foie gras. I momentarily forgot I was in public and pondered picking up my plate to lick it clean. For the entrees, we tried the rack of lamb and the bacon-wrapped pork loin. Both were excellent. The texture of both the entrees/appetizers was really amazing -- everything felt really easy to eat. The bed of potato underneath the pork loin was especially tasty.For dessert, we tried to order two of the french toast, but the waiter stopped us and told us to replace one with the molten chocolate cake. The cake was basically a chocolate shell with a warm chocolate soup inside and bananas. I would highly recommend either the french toast or the warm chocolate cake. The staff is excellent. It's basically a bunch of french guys who mother you during your meal. They check on you constantly to see if you're enjoying your meal.  The restaurant was near closing time when we left, and the guys remaining shook our hands and kissed me on the cheek. *swoon*
There are a ton of reviews here, so I will keep it short. It has been about a year or more since I last ate here. The food was not bad, but it was not great at that time. That has changed. Last night i decided to try it again. G and I decided to see if we could just pop in and get a table without reservations. To our suprise, we were greeted by the head chef who immediately found us a perfect little table. We both opted for Menu 1 with a few upgrades. All in all the food was a notch above the last time I ate here. The service was great and our waiter picked an amazing bottle of wine to go with our dinners in a moderate price range. I would give the food and service 4.5 rating. Also, the environment was very composed. No servers running around in the weeds, no irregular timed dishes, just very smooth. I think the fact the chef makes regular visits throughout the front of house reflects his cool comand of the kitchen. Nothing seemend out of balance, rushed or unfocused. All in all, it was a very pleasent, relaxing and enjoyable meal I would not hesitate to recommend. After our meal, I mentioned to the chef that I definately noticed an improvement from the last time I ate there. He mentioned that he had to make a decision between maintaining two resturants or focusing on the subtle things. Although it must have been a hard decison to close one of the resturants, this resturant now has the chefs full attention and that makes this place an entirely new resturant.
Came here with my girlfriend for Dine About Town, but we each ended up just ordering the 3 course menu.Ambiance needs to be a little updated, but besides that, I'd say this is one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in SF. Also, the portions were very generous. We didn't leave hungry :)Appetizers:Duck Confit Salad - I enjoyed this. It was a salty salad that included bits of duck, prosciutto, and a small piece of foie gras on topFoie Gras - BOMB. The presentation was very nice and included thinly sliced apple and some greens.Oysters - Ok, kind of small, but luckily we only ordered 2 ($2 each)Filet Mignon - Very tender and soft. The sauce wasn't exotic or new, but very well executed. It complimented the filet and the cubed potatoes nicely.Baby Chicken - A hearty dish that included steamed vegetables, grilled shrimp, and a medley of vegetables. Chicken was moist and held the flavor of the sauce very well.Chocolate Lava Cake - Pretty good, but nothing mind-blowing here. The side of banana ice cream was an interesting touch, however, I would have preferred a scoop of vanilla.French Toast - MUST ORDER. It was topped with a hazelnut caramel sauce and a scoop of ice cream. I didn't expect it to be so good but am glad I ordered it. Total bill including tip was around $120. Definitely a reasonable price for all the good food.
Its not that this is a bad place. But the fact that its the best rated place in Inner Richmond is Disturbing. Its got really good ambience & service, which you should expect for the $$$ that you will pay.However, the food, (the product that each restaurant should focus on, the only reason for restaurants to exist infact), was Mediocre. Not bad, BUT NOT GREAT and not worth the money you will blow very very quickly at this place.
This review is solely based on their Valentine's day prix-fix menu, which was a 5 course meal for a little over $100/person (tax and tips included).I had very high expectations for Chapeau from reading all these yelp reviews, and when I walked into the restaurant on Valentines day, the restaurant was PACKED even though it was only 4:30 p.m. We were seated at a corner table and were immediately served warm french bread w/ butter. The first course was a crab tartar and it was quite good with good amount of crab mixed with creamy avocado on the bottom. Second course, we got to pick between foir gras and pate, and I hate the foir gras. It was very rich and fatty and oily, but not bad... that's what foir gras are meant to taste like right? Third course was a fish (from my memory, I think it was snapper), grilled, served with basil sauce. So-so, wish the fish skin was a bit more crispier, and the flesh did not taste so fresh.Fourth course, fillet mignon. I liked the sides of potatoes and mushrooms more than the steak itself, and the sauce was very rich in flavor. But the steak was a little bit tough and dry even though I asked for medium-rare.For dessert, I had their crepe with citron sauce, and it was a bit too acidic for my taste. The crepe was too thick and dry, I wish I ordered the chocolate cake instead.Over-all, the food was not bad, but I expected better for the price we paid. Maybe it's because we just came back from New York where we had amazing French food for very reasonable price. However, Chapeau seems to have more reasonably priced prix-fix menu on weekdays, so I guess I can't give this place a fair review until I give it another try... until next time!
Went to Chapeau! for dine about town a week ago, and it did not disappoint in the slightest. The interior is really chic and cozy, without any pretentious atmosphere. The Chef greeted us upon arrival and departure (handshake for the manly-men, double-cheek-kiss for the ladies), and a very charming waiter showed us to our seats and told us about the specials.Everything we ordered was delicious - trio of salmon appetizer, chestnut soup (yum), cassoulet (extremely popular, very filling), bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin (deeelicious), basil napoleon (surprisingly deliciously fresh), and French toast with hazelnut ice cream (it will make a believer out of you).Wonderful food, great atmosphere, excellent service.
Being madly in love with Clementine on the opposite end of the street, I was eager to try Chapeau! after hearing it being compared to the former establishment. We arrived without reservations with the room at full capacity, but were greeted warmly by the gregarious owner and promptly seated. What this teeny tiny restaurant lacks in space is made up for by its decadent menu items and great service. My date and I decided to each order from Menu 1; I decided on the Warm Brie appetizer and Filet Mignon entree with Warm Chocolate Cake for dessert. The melted Brie with crusty potato and leek darphin was presented on a bed of crisp, fresh salad. It was good, but the sauce was too sweet for my personal preference. However, the dish had great flavor and was generously portioned. My date's duck salad tasted wonderful, and he couldn't stop making provocative big-O faces and raving about it. The star of the night, however, was the Filet Mignon - the most tender pillow of beef drowning in a pool of the most amazing sauce. Even the tiny cubes of taters and mushies that accompanied the meat were scrumptious. The Warm Chocolate Cake that I chose to end my excellent meal with was incredibly mouth-watering and rich. It's really too bad that my dinner companion didn't absolutely love his Basil Napoleon as much as I enjoyed my dessert.And who could forget the adorable owner, who chats with all of the patrons and personally thanks everyone, even going as far as chasing you down the street just to say goodbye!Unfortunately, my date was very badly behaved that night and put a damper on my otherwise heavenly meal. Luckily, he has promised to redeem himself and has agreed to take me back to Chapeau! to make up for his horrible demeanor toward me the first time around. I can't wait! I'm drooling all over myself just thinking about it!
My fiance and her parents and I had a five-star experience here for her graduation. The food was all incredibly delicious, the service never skipped a beat, and the owner came to our table several times just to chat and tell us about the novel he's writing.I'm not an expert on French food, but everyone else at the table is, and everyone agreed it was perfect. Thanks for a memorable night, Chapeau!
Definitely an overdue review...but..Loved this place. It's nice and seems very fancy smancy, but you don't have to dress that way. Everyone seemed to be in pretty casual wear. Dim lights with a romantic ambiance to it. Perfect place for dates.The owner and his wife are super friendly. They walked around greeting their customers and making sure everything was ok. Our waiter= superb. Service was excellent here. I was very satisfied with just that alone.We had:Fish and potato taster:This was complimentary from the chef. It was a nice little surprise. I thought the fact that it came out in a little spoon was so cute! Fits perfectly into the mouth. I really enjoyed this little teaser. I really like potatoes and fish so it satisfied my taste buds.Trio of Salmon:Gravlax, tartar and caviar/egg mimosa, fried capers and creame friache/ microherbs with lemon dressingThis appetizer was delicious. The salmon was full of flavor and was a very refreshing appetizer. It was definitely one of our favorites that night. The checkered chip on top reminded me of potato chips. Loved the presentation as well as the taste of this dish. YUMMY!Prince Edwards Island Mussels:steamed with white wine, shallot and parsleyI love mussels. The sauce was awesome and very tasty. I dipped our complimentary bread into the sauce and let it soak into the bread. YUM! I loved the taste of parsley, it made it taste really refreshing!Pommes Frites and Rouille:It reminds me of In and Out's fries. I have nothing to complain about that, I just wouldn't expect it at a fine dining restaurant. Nothing too special, but the sauce was delicious!Cassoulet de ToulouseCanelli beans, shredded braised lamb shoulder/ duck leg confit/ garlic and toulouse sausageThis dish tasted the way it looked, very unappetizing. I was very dissappointed in not only the presentation of the dish but the taste as well. The excessive amount of beans reminded me of Mexican food. I barely tasted the lamb or the duck, although the sausages were definitely there. I was expecting more from an upscale restaurant like Chapeau!.Filet Mignon with Foie Graswith oyster and lobster mushrooms and potatoesThe waiter recommended us to get this with the foie gras and so we did. I think it was my first time trying foie gras. The waiter was right, the filet mignon tasted really good with the foie gras. I don't think I could have had the whole dish to myself because the foie gras itself is very rich, thus making the dish very rich. When eating the foie gras with the filet mignon, its best to just get a little piece of foie gras to go with the meat, otherwise it's too rich.Basil NapoleonMaui Pineapple, Manilla Mango, Banana, Kiwi & Strawberries/Champagne-Citrus Pastry Cream/ Feuille de BricVery refreshing dessert. It's not overwhelming with sweetness. It had natural sweetness from all the fruits. After having such a rich dessert like the french toast, it was perfect. Tasted nice amd healthy. I felt good eating it.French ToastBest dessert there!! It's seriously delicious. Who would have ever thought that french toast as a dessert would be so good! I loved how it was warm and there was a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top drizzled with a little bit of caramel. Heaven in my mouth!!Banana Panna CottaStrawberry Salad/ Shortbread The strawberries weren't that fresh and a little bit on the sweet side, but the shortbread was delicious. Out of the 3 desserts, this was my least favorite. It was still pretty good, but just my least favorite.Overall, I enjoyed EVERYTHING except my dish the Cassoulet de Toulouse with canelli beans, shredded braised lamb shoulder/ duck leg confit/ garlic and toulouse sausage
4.5 stars! I am still soooo full after my 3 hour dinner at Chapeau. The restaurant is so cute, tucked in an obscure corner of the Richmond. Parking can be challenging but it was worth it.We had a 7p reservation and were seated immediately. While we had a nice table against the wall, you could see that they maximize space here - tables are set in rows with nary an elbow's reach to the next. Cozy. Our hostess offered us appertifs as we sat down. I tried a glass of kir (white wine w/ creme de cassis aka black currant). It was refreshing, slightly sweet.For dinner, we opted for the 4 course meal ($38). Choice of appetizer, a tasting fish, entree, and dessert. Before the meal, we were presented with an amuse bouche of cauliflower puree soup. It was creamy curry in flavor with a sweet finish.I started with the Salade Landaise, magret du canard (aka duck ) with frisee salad. A slice of foie gras sat prettily on top but honestly, I am not a fan. But I appreciated the thought. The duck salad was delicious though but honestly I was full after this sizeable salad. However, I couldn't resist the tasting fish - which a sea scallop served with risotto in lobster sauce. This was by far my favorite for the whole meal. Perfectly cooked scallop, browned top and bottom, but perfectly tender throughout. Sooo good.For my main, I had the Pork Tenderloin served w/ yam puree and shredded brussel sprouts. The meat was tender, skin was crispy, and very lean. Dessert for me was the Warm Chocolate Cake with a center of banana flambe and a side of rum raisin ice cream. This was so decadent. You cut into the center of the cake and the flambee sauce just oozes out like chocolate lava.My friend had the mussels and frites for apps (it's an option for main as well), followed by the Cassoulet of duck, lamb, and sausage. This was really hearty. They serve full portions not tasting sizes, so the cassoulet as course 3 was impressive and daunting. A trio of sorbet (passionfruit, lemon, and raspberry) with a candied hazelnut galette was the finisher.Everything was delicious. Service was spot on, classy, discreet. My only lesson from this trip was that sharing may be the key to walking out of Chapeau without feeling gluttonous. Seriously, fantastic food, service, ambience. I would definitely go back.
I guess I came in this place with high expectations but got disappointed. Here are the dishes that me and my sisters ordered: Appetizer: muscles and fries. Good broth, fresh muscles and fresh fries. Rack of lamb: It was overcooked! We asked for medium rare, not well done..Seafood bouillabaisse: The flavor of the broth good but was overly salty. The one and only shrimp was overcooked. I wish they weren't so stingy about the clams. I only got one in my bowl!!Seared Duck Breast: Under seasoned. We had to add our own salt. Desserts: Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts and Warm Chocolate cake: The first dessert was pretty good. It wasn't too sweet. The Warm chocolate cake was yummy. Overall, the appetizer and the dessert was the best so I probably wouldn't come back here again. If you want delicious french food, you should definitely try Gary Dankos and La Folie. They are more expensive in terms of price, but you won't get overcooked duck or shrimp, especially not at Gary Dankos. I guess you get what you pay for!
FOOD: 5 STAR.RESTAURANT: 3 star. It is way too crowded that all the tables are so close to each other that the sliva of the people sitting at the next table could easily fly into your dish, and his arms can easily invade the space between you and your dining partner like it's going to hit you in your face. Super slippery floor that I could only "slide" in my expensive heels. I felt like I'm 12 and trying on my mom's heels. Appetizer: Fois Gras on top of scallop with blueberry sauce. Heaven. I would lick the plate. The other dessert was just amazing. It was an eggplant dish that comes with roasted red pepper (which i just hate normally) but it's SO GOOD that I again, would lick the plate. The sorbetto were both really really nice, apple and (....don't remember besides being amazingly good) both come with a hint of liquor. Entree: striped sea bass was just ok. But the lamb shank dish was just heaven. The lamb shank was so nicely seasoned, cooked to perfect tenderness, with very nice sauce. But the most important thing on the place, the big package, couscous with jujube, black olives, raisins, cranburries, wrapped with eggplant, zuchini, OMG, one of the most amazing thing i've ever had in my life. I hated couscous, but I loved this package thing. This is the very few time that I would say "OMG, I hated xyz, but this is SO GOOD!" This is the 3rd plate that I would lick.MUST get the cheese platter. There are 5 kinds of cheese, for $8.50. You'll feel extremely sorry to your stomach for not getting it. The blue cheese was AMAZING. This is the 3rd time in one single meal that I said to myself, "OMG, I hated blue cheese before, but this is SO GOOD!" It is very very very strong, but it's so smooth that it becomes part of your tongue, at least that's what I felt. The warm chocolate cake was very good, but not unique though.Will definitely come back just for the cheese plate and dessert. A great restaurant if you don't care about ambiance.
Went here for my dad's birthday and had an amazing time! the service was excellent to say nothing of the multiple course french meal which was exquisite to say the least.For dessert i had the basil Napoleon which is by far the most unique dessert i have ever had. Perfect hints of basil amongst the cream that just leaves you guessing and wanting more.The chef greeted us on the way out and joked he singed his eye brows off incorporating the basil into the sugar :) an overall fun, unique, and positively French experience.
I celebrated my birthday at Chapeau! a couple of days ago and I must say, the food was awesome. The rack of lamb was a bit pricy but very delicious. The service on the other hand was a bit hit or miss. At this price point, I expected a little more attentiveness in service especially since our table was positioned very closed to the kitchen. I was happy to see that this restaurant took over Clementine's old space. It has a similar vibe and decor. Hats off to Chapeau for it's fab wine list.
Again, I have to tell all my Yelp-y buds I am back from a lull. And I'm back officially in a French food phase. Hahaha, well actually, since I dined here at Chapeau! 3 weeks ago, I haven't really had French food since then. I'm afraid it will be bad or disappointing or both! God forbid....But I have to say, I am thrilled that there are many gems tucked away in my hood that I am finally getting to experience or "put on". After The Richmond, Aziza, and B-Star, I am over the moon that Chapeau! exists so close to my home.Chris ordered a few oysters for an app. I got the lamb and he got the filet mignon with foie gras and truffles. The lamb dish was bigger than I imagined and cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the side of ratatouille was as good as what I imagined the Pixar movie ratatouille tasted like. The potato gratin was cheesy but needed a little more seasoning. But can I tell you? My man's filet was off the hinges. Holy moly, that beef melted in my mouth and with the little bit of foie and truffle added an extra dimension of flavor that I kind of never tasted together before.And to top off the night of deliciousness, we ordered the French toast dessert with cups of decaf espresso. Wow, oh wow! The dessert was rich and cool and creamy and sweet. It didn't taste like breakfast but a real dessert. Oh heaven helped us that night. And I can't wait to go back again.
This place was awesome. I took my in-laws who can be hard to please, but we all go out about once a month to try a new place. It was a hit and I was allowed to pic the next one!! Thanks :)The staff is very accomodating and all speak with french accents, which I thought was a nice touch! Portions are small.
There is a server here named H. Michael who has a slightly oddball, sarcastically pleasant sense of humor who, I swear, has been a voice actor for a game show somewhere... I just can't place it... but this guy really made our dinner here enjoyable. He is also a master of tableside prime-rib-carving.Yes, the food was pretty good, but it was the overall friendly, non-snobby atmosphere that sealed the deal. I mean, Chef Philippe Gardelle walks around the restaurant, greeting every single customer with at least a handshake and a smile, and occasionally (if you're lucky) a kiss on each cheek for the ladies.We came on a Thursday for the 5-6pm 3-course prix-fixe early bird ($28 per person) and had (collectively) the Mesclun Salad, French Onion Soup, the Skate, the Pork Tenderloin, the French Toast, and the Profiterolles. The Pork Tenderloin had a really excellent, savory gravy and was cooked medium rare. The consistency was a bit on the soft side, but it was very good and it went well with the accompanying parsnip puree (I thought it was mashed potatoes) and the spinach. The skate (I didn't realize it was like a Manta Ray?!?!?!?) was very soft and had a nice, light sauce on it. The two desserts were good, but just too much food for only two people!What the food lacks in youthful creativity of some other newer, trendier SF restaurants (Serpentine, Aziza, Flour + Water), it makes up for with its solid, familiar flavors, excellent service, and friendly atmosphere.
It was pretty good, the atmosphere is way too loud and there was a breeze from outside that kept us cold all night. The food was decent but not otherworldly, but I was definitely super full by the end. The 4 course etc menus are fun.
Rob took me there last night for our 10 year anniversary!! We got all dolled up and am I sure glad I did. Everyone there was dressed up. The place is simple but gorgeous. And what can I say about the food?The fooooooooood! Wow. Not one thing I saw or tasted was merely 'ok'. Everything was eye closing, table slapping, groan-inducing, beautiful & delectable!They brought out the smoked trout muse broche? first. I think that's what it was. I was a little hesitant to try it only b/c I get migraines from too much smoked food, but it was phenomenal. And no migraine! :)Rob ordered the wine, I can't remember the name...it was French and I don't speak French. But wow. Hands down best white wine I ever had.Appetizer: one of the Specials...a fried prawns dish with some green cream sauce and a salsa of some sort. Oh WOW. Rob got the Dungeness crab...just as amazing as the prawns.Main dish: baby chicken with shrimp, cranberries, pine nuts, other veggies in a gravy-type sauce. Oh my...yes. Rob got the bacon wrapped pork...whoa. Dessert: Profiteroles. By the time this came, I was so full, but I could NOT refuse this. Rob got a custard with fruit and a thin filo dough looking thing which was awesome too but I think my Profiteroles were heaven.As far as price goes, Rob and I always play The Price is Right game. Before the check comes, whoever guesses as close to the tab as possible without going over wins. No prize really, just bragging rights. But I digest :) We guessed almost DOUBLE what we thought the check would be! And honestly I would have paid double for that meal and not complain.Bottom line....BEST French food I've had to date (mind you I haven't been to France yet). You know what? Check that.....BEST FOOD EVER! French or not. As far as price....you cannot beat it! The staff is excellent! So nice & helpful, not the LEAST bit snooty. The head chef came out to greet everyone. (I told him he was a genius) Everyone was enjoying their food as much as we were and having a great time.Definitely going back! If you haven't gone yet....just go.You'll be quoting Roger all night like we were "Oh my God Francine....these Chocodiles. Oh my God." HA!
my favorite french spot in the city
Chapeau! Wow! What a great night of dining, and the best part, even with all the food, was experiencing the owner himself. He was the bartender and pretty much peppered our evening all night, and left us at the door, with an A Bientot, and kisses for my fiancee. Charming and a great place for a date. Service was excellent and attentive.The best dishes of the night were the onion soup, mussels, and the cassoulet. I laughed at myself, because our server said the soup was a traditional onion soup. Here I am, all confused cause I don't know what a traditional onion soup is. But, when it comes out, I have my 'duhhhhhh' moment and realize that the traditional onion soup is a french onion soup. Probably dates me a little bit, but I remember in Better Off Dead (John Cusack movie from the 80s), when the next door neighbor got a foreign exchange student for her son, Ricky. She was serving dinner, and all she serves is French Fries, French Dressing and all things 'french.'What do the french call their fries, and dressing, and onion soup? I guess they don't need to put the french in front of it. Oh well, made for some silly conversation at dinner.Great little place, and it was packed, the day after Valentine's day, at 9pm.
foie gras. escargot. scallop. steak. chocolate cake. totally on spot.chef/owner came out to greet all the customers, very sweet!very comfortable setting, great location right near the end of Clement st.make reservations at least a month ahead of time though!
I'll add to the hundreds of reviews here and will also keep it short. This was my first time at the new location so I was a little skeptical about how things would go, I loved the old place. However, from the moment I walked in everything was as excellent as I had remembered. the place was packed so it was on the noisy side. Of course Phillipe, the owner/chef, greeted us (as well as almost everyone who came in). We had a table for six and all enjoyed our meals. The wine list is VERY reasonable with selection that won't drain your wallet. BTW, I was here on a very busy pre-Xmas night. Service was solid despite what some of the more recent reviews have stated. I believe I was probably there on the same evening as these negative reviews for service. However, I may have been lucky and not gotten what seems to be a problem waiter.
The food at Chapeau is exquisite. Every dish was simply French, marvelous, well-executed and nice balance of flavors and textures. We each had a 3-course pre-fixe menu, consisting of the best dishes. The skate special was definitely the highlight of my meal. The service, however, did not match the cuisine. Service was inattentive and incompetent. My dining companion and I were happily and warmly greeted by the French maitre d'/chef/owner? as we walked in on a bustling Friday evening. Contrastingly, our server listed the day's specials in a robotic, rehearsed soliloquy. After ordering, we waited for nearly an hour before receiving our first course. By that point, we had gone through two baskets of bread and finished our large glasses of wine. Every other table seated in our section, who sat down and ordered after us, were already eating their main courses. We finally had to say something to our busser, who sincerely apologized and brought us an amuse. Meanwhile, our server had clearly forgotten about us and never acknowledged it, continuing to speak and act in a concocted fashion. When we left the restaurant and were already halfway down the block, the French maitre d'/chef/owner? chased us to say goodbye and thank you, which was very touching. While I don't feel as horrible spending money on this dinner at Chapeau since the food was amazing and the French guy was welcoming and sweet, I am turned off by the service and this particular server.
Excellent food and service. I liked how they pay attention to the details. Had the Chef's menu and every dish was tasty- lots of flavors and loved the texture. WIll definitely return.
Food was pretty good. Onion soup done right. A little pricey. Interesting service.
My husband and I have been eating at Chapeau for a long time. To this day, we truly enjoy the food and the people who graciously welcome us into their restaurant. Philippe and Ellen Gardelle have always succeeded in making our dining experiences truly memorable.Chapeau is excellent at preparing wonderful food and maintaining the highest quality and excellence. The restaurant has managed to offer a menu that is consistently delicious. Even though a good number of Bay Area restaurants will promote menus that change frequently, I have always been happy with Chapeau's menu. And when they do offer special items, they are fantastic. (NOTE: When they offer the coute de boeuf (prime rib) special, order it, period!) And finally, it is in the final stages of renovation, and the ambiance is just as wonderful as the previous location.Looking forward to many more fantastic dining experiences...
This place is on the other side of the city from my house and normally I wouldn't venture this far out, but I had been wanting to try it for a while. Having lived in France, I love French food and am always on the lookout for my SF French spot. I love Chez Papa and Chez Maman, didn't love Le Charm and was wondering if this could live up to all the good reviews.I'm happy to report that we had a really nice time here. I like that it's not stuffy. The waiters are nice, we were seated ahead of our reservation time when we arrived early and we loved that the chef came out to say hello.Onto the food. I got the duck salad and thought it was good, but ever since I had a duck confit salad at Bouchon, I'll always be comparing it to that. My husband had the sweatbreads and really liked it. For the main, I had the cassoulet, which I would give 5 stars. Everything was really good with from the beans to the meats and the confit part of it was excellent. My husband had the scallops and liked it, but said the risotto was the best part. It's not a ton of food, but I tasted it and it's pretty rich with a lobster bisque sauce so it's still filling.For dessert we shared the cheese plate and wasn't expecting much when it was set down, but the flavors of the cheeses were great.On the good side, it's not French service, actually, the meal went by really fast - not too fast, but our first course did arrive very quickly. One thing to note, the sparkling water is $8 a bottle, so after ordering a few bottles, it added up.Another good thing about this place is that there are lots of things on the menu that sounded so good so I think I will be back again.
I finally got to try Chapeau! after walking by so many times. My friend and I decided to finally give this place a try because we saw it on the Dine About Town participating restaurants. Of course we didn't even end up ordering from the DAT menu and decided to go with the four course dinner. There were so many specials for the night and there were so many different things we wanted to try that wasn't offered on the DAT. I guess that's how they hook you! Smart.We started off with the Foie Gras. Soooo good! I think there were some slices of apples complimenting it too. We also wanted to get an extra appetizer so we ordered the Escargot. The plate came out still boiling and it was full of flavor. They were not holding back on that butter and garlic sauce. There was a fish tasting dish that was part of the four course meal and it was a giant scallop. It was on risotto but I honestly don't remember what else was in that thing (I took too long to write this review), but all I know was I enjoyed it!For the entree, the Bouillabaise sounded too good to pass up. "Monkfish, Thai Snapper, Dorade, P.E.I Mussels & Manila ClamsPoached in a Fish Fumet, Petits Legumes, Grilled Fennels," according to the menu. Seafood galore! mmmMmmmm.We ended the night with an always delicious chocolate cake that hit the spot.Service was great and the restaurant wasn't too busy on a Sunday night. Our waiter had a nice sense of humor and was really nice! At the end of dinner the owner came over and wished us a good night as we were leaving. Classy.I would definitely come back....when I can afford to.
High price does not match the food !! We never go back again!!!
Excellent!
Food - GREAT!Service- GREAT!Space - Not so great! The space was really tight together, tables are really closes, and space next to one another is also really close.Define Close? What I mean by close, while I was cutting my chicken my elbow keeping bumping into my friend. Walking to my table I could barely squeeze by people tables, they make you feel huge bumping into tables. You could hear the next table pretty clear and loud. (If you were seated next to a Girl Night out table)The atmosphere has an romantic dim lighting feel, the food dishes were delicious and very gorgeous. The chef has a personal touch to the restaurant, he comes out to greet you and says goodbye. Which is really nice. The prix fix is definitely the best deal for dinner, 3 course meal, with appetizer, entree and YES! Desserts!!! I would definitely recommend profitroles dessert, there isn't any description about it, but its an cream puff pastries with ice cream chocolate and sprinkle almonds....to die for after dinner.Beside the extra side of cozy, this place is really nice and great for dinner.Tips:*Make reservation a few days in advance for better timing. *Be prepare that some menu is in French Wording*Like anywhere in SF be early for parking.
Compliment to Chapeau!: This is a marvelous French restaurant in the City.I found Chapeau! was probably the only French restaurant open on X'mas night and made my reservation. I showed up earlier than my reserved time and I was greeted and seated by chef. Definitely thumbs up!Started with potato cream soup topped with truffle oil - Simple taste yet sophisticated with the truffle oil.Duck salad with duck bacon and duck foie gras was well-prepared and full of flavor.Smoked trout salad topped with anchovies was quite interesting, smokey with heavy salty taste.Seared scallop with rice has a familiar taste, not exceptionally impressive.Entree was braised lamb shoulder with Canellini beans and sausages. Lamb didn't have the gamy flavor, but it didn't impose a strong impression. Sausage was full of flavor and I did enjoy the beans as well.Filet Mignon with oyster mushrooms and foie gras was marvelous. Quality of the steak is superb and when cooked with butter and oyster mushrooms, it was such an enjoyable meal. Topping with foie gras made the entire experience so, buttery... (I know this is a unhealthy, high-cholesterol plate, but it's like living in a butter dream)Dessert was sorbet with lime, passion fruit, and raspberry and Profiterolles. I very much enjoyed the sorbet trio, especially passion fruit flavor. Profiterolles was rich and chocolate-ty, and I would enjoy it more if I wasn't so full.Overall, I enjoyed my time at this restaurant and highly recommend this place to everyone who like good food and friendly environment. Bon appetit.
Chapeau! is a delight. We visited on a Saturday with friends, one of which is a true foodie, and we left a couple hours later feeling that we'd become part of the family. The chef sending us into a foggy San Francisco night with kisses for the ladies' cheeks is bound to leave that kind of impression. So, why five stars? First, the food is rich and complex, yet accessible. An elegant mixture of semi-exotic delicacies along with old favorites (yes, you can get "Traditional" onion soup). Better yet, you can ignore the  la carte prices. This bistro's prix-fixe menu is surprisingly affordable, especially given the diversity of tasty appetizers, succulent entres, and decadent desserts (mine was Nuage de Noix: C'est incroyable). Plan well, and each three- or four-course meal combines into an explosion of rich tastes shared plate to plate. That's why you'd better get a reservation well before showing up. Locals and out-of-towners already know how good this place is. Yes, Chapeau! is noisy, making it difficult to enjoy a relaxing conversation. But the noise is joyful and the crowd is typical SF: relaxed and welcoming. Plus it's fun to lean over your amuse-bouche to listen to your friend's story. Wait: this is "French Food." Isn't that stuff bewildering? And aren't the servers rude? Maybe elsewhere - or in the movies, but not here. The snoot factor is precisely zero. Everyone in Chapeau! is uniformly pleasant, patient, and flexible with special requests. Go ahead and ask what that strange menu item actually *is*. In terms of quality and vibe, it's all good. Oh, and don't forget to take a walk around the Inner Richmond neighborhood (aka "New Chinatown") before or after your meal. Comfy coffee shops, bulging bookstores, and the wafting smells of crpes from a nearby bakery offer yet more proof of just how amazing San Francisco can be. Heading to the City by the Bay? Put Chapeau! on your must-eat list.
I have been here twice, once at its old location (I don't recall where) and once recently in the past few weeks for my birthday. I recall the old place was very small and it felt like we were sitting on each other's lap, so this new place is definitely an upgrade. The food was comparable. I had the tuna tartar, which is ALWAYS great. My main course was the Cassoulet de Toulouse. It was very hearty and filling....I had a LOT of leftovers (and unfortunately for me, I forgot them on the table!). My friends had the Bouillabaisse (which no one new how to pronounce) but it looked delicious. I wish I had ordered that instead. For dessert, I had the Floating Island. It is basically ice cream with this amazing caramel dome. It was so beautiful I didn't want to eat it. Plus, it's a lot of hardened caramel that isn't so appetizing after the first nibble. Presentation is definitely exquisite. If you come here and order a prixe fixe meal, expect to stay at least 2 hours for a comfortable dinner. One thing I wish they had held onto from the last location, was that they would give you your receipt in a hat. I liked that; it made the place more charming and tied the name to the restaurant.
We went on Christmas Eve with my family, based on a colleague's recommendation. My mother is a very tough cookie, and she was bowled over. She is a very picky eater and doesn't eat much; however, she and my father and brother both practically licked their plates clean. They ordered the filet mignon with the dungeness crab appetizer. I had 3 appetizers for my meal - the chestnut soup, the dungeness crab and the escargot. All were wonderful except the escargot - a bit small and overseasoned. My brother's french toast dessert was out of this world.Also, the service was impeccable. It could have been a bit quicker, but from the looks of it, they must have been short a waiter or two. The place was packed, and there was only one waiter to be seen. The manager/chef knows his customer service, though - greeting everyone like an old friend.
*Sigh. It wasn't that the food was bad (per se) - it was just not good enough for the prices demanded.1. veloute of parsnip with stuffed cabbage and truffle oil - the one interesting thing i ordered2. filet mignon with mushrooms and potatoes - the steak was good, but not better than I've had elsewhere, the mushrooms and potatoes were really lackluster though.3. vanilla creme brulee - good, but not groundbreaking.service was fine, the decor/ambiance was a little cramped and cheesy italian grotto. overall: meh. 2.5 stars.
I've been here twice, first time when it was still Clementine. Very classy atmosphere, great service. I went with the prix-fixe menu on my latter visit which for $38 was a good value; you get your choice of an appetizer, entree and dessert. I ordered the escargots appetizer and it was quite good, although I would prefer it if the snails were larger and a bit less salty.I chose the cassoulet as my entree, it was a rustic and hearty dish with duck leg confit, braised lamb, sausage, and LOTS of beans. I'm not a huge fan of the beans and they were a bit undercooked, but I enjoyed the duck a lot.For dessert I had the french toast with hazelnut ice cream. It was floating in a river of caramel sauce and it was possibly the tastiest dessert I've ever had. A man of lesser self restraint would have licked the plate. Seriously.Based on just my last visit Chapeau would be a solid 4 stars, but on my first ever visit when it was still called Clementine I had the most amazing and perfectly cooked filet mignon, and the warm brie on potato and leek darphin was also excellent. Thus I bumped up the overall rating to 5 stars.
I had an overall fantastic dining experience here! My brothers and sister came together to surprise our Dad for his birthday this year and I've always heard such great reviews about this place I couldn't resist! We were a group of 8 and had a nice table set up for us in the back. It's a cozy restaurant. The tables and chairs are pretty close together. The ambiance is nice, not too loud and not too dark. We ordered a bottle of wine and brought two of our own as well. Our server was very nice and made an effort to accommodate us as much as possible which I appreciated. We each ordered the prefixed menu option 1 and a couple of their specials as appetizers for the table. APPETIZERS:Foie Gras: Delicious!! The sauce was perfect and mixed with the sliced apples added a nice flavor and a better overall texture. Ahi Tuna Salad: very nice display, the ahi melted in your mouthMussels: The sauce was tasty! It comes with this large pesto/garlic covered french bread crouton and they pair it with some pomme frites. The server recommended that we dip/soak the fries in the muscle broth and my gosh that was a pair made in heaven! SPECIALS:We ordered a couple entree sized specials for the table - a scallop risotto. For an entree size, it was still relatively small - it came with 4 scallops on top of a bed of creamy risotto. Kind of reminded me of cream of mushroom sauce and rice - but of course much better than that :)ENTREE:Filet Mignon - I had the filet mignon medium rare and a few others at the table ordered the same dish, except they added the bone marrow. I'm not a fan of bone marrow so I can't give any kind of accurate description of that except that it looked cool, but I still wouldn't eat it. The meat was perfect - very juicy, not too rare but exactly how a medium rare steak should be. The filet itself is known to be the nicest cut of the meat, and this was no exception. I can't even remember what it was paired with but who cares, if it didn't come with anything else I'd still order it.DESSERT:This is the only reason why I had to take off one star. When I made this reservation, I read a yelp review that mentioned their souffle and I thought, YES, finally Souffle!! My whole family LOVES LOVES souffle.. in fact, sometimes after eating out we contemplate going to Mortons just to order one of their souffles. Let's face it - a souffle is not easy to get and not many restaurants have them because you need an on-site pastry chef. A tip for all you souffle lovers out there: YOU NEED TO CALL AT LEAST 24 HRS PRIOR TO YOUR RESERVATION IF YOU WANT TO ORDER A SOUFFLE AT YOUR DINNER. Contrary to the normal "30 minutes advanced notice" only applies to restaurants with an on-site pastry chef. Actually, that was the first question I asked when we were seated - "we're going to order souffle". I was seriously crushed when I was told the sad news. I wish I had known that was an option! I guess I just figured that an upscale FRENCH restaurant would serve souffle :( Instead I ordered their chocolate lava cake which was a total mistake haha. Not a fan.. but nothing comes close to what I wanted.The creme brulee was good, same taste as it should have - no complaints there. My sister had the Baked Alaska but wasn't a huge fan. The rest ordered the sorbet or the chocolate cake - but since I started the rumor that they had souffle the chocolate cake didn't stand a chance. My mom on the other hand ordered their french toast. Who would have thought something that sounded so simple could have such a unique and amazing taste! Actually, her dessert came out after everyone else finished theirs for some reason, which didn't matter much to her because she was full, and so were we... but once we had a taste of that toast, we all chowed down like we hadn't had a meal in days. The chef also came out to shake everyone's hands and introduce himself which I thought was very nice of him to take the time to do that. He must love what he does and it's nice that he came out to actually see everyone who was dining there. Very nice touch. I had to take down 1 star solely based on my disappointment on their dessert. I would definitely come back again. Try it out for yourself and PLEASE - when you make your reservation, pre-order that souffle!
We first went to Clementine (the old one under a different chef/owner), and thought it was four stars. The second time, we went to the old Chapeau! This time, the chef bought out Clementine and deserted the original Chapeau! It was four stars. The third time, we dined at the new Clementine (old Clementine location, but under Chapeau!'s chef/owner). It deserved five stars.Now, finally, everything is merged and done with. The new Chapeau! is a total five stars. The venue is spacious in comparison to the original location. There is a mean looking coffee/espresso machine behind the bar that just adds to the decor. The service was not only good and attentive, it was amusing! I had fun listening to the waiters speaking English with a French accent. At the end of the night, the chef does the french *muah muah* to all the ladies. My friend commented that the chef is a lucky man. Some of our personal favs: Appetizer:- Salmon Trio- Escargot. I like how this dish doesn't come out in the shells, but in those little plates. It's garlic & butter, and oh so good.- Foie gras. It's really good with a taste of the dessert wine Chapeau! has on the "wine by the glass" list.Entree:- Rack of Lamb. It's seasonal, so try it when they have it on the menu.- Filet Mignon. This is tender, juicy and very tasty. For meat/steak lover, this is a good choice.Dessert:- French Toast, hands down! GET IT!!!!
Went here w/ my bf last friday for a date night before the Wicked show. This was a very nice classy place.The food was good and the service was superb. I had the tiger prawns for appetizer and my bf had the salmon trio, for entree we had filet mignon and duck breast and dessert we got creme brulee and chocolate cake. Appetizer was decent, the tiger prawns were good, but I didn't really care for the thing in the middle of the plate (not sure what it is) since it had bell peppers in it, which I don't like. The salmon trio good. My bf loved the duck breast. both the duck breast and the filet mignon was cooked perfectly the way we want it (medium rare). Dessert was great too, but was pretty full when we had to eat it. for the chocolate cake, it's more of dark chocolate used, which I like but there's a slight bitterness to it. creme brulee was yummy, very creamy and vanilla-y.The only problem I have for this area is parking. Parking is very difficult since there's no parking structure or anything, only street parking. So advice come early to give yourself room to find parking, we were about an hr late for our reservations because of parking and traffic. However, the restaurant was very courteous to save our reservations since we called and told them that we'll be late. The moment we came, they had a table waiting for us and we were seated right away. Can't beat the customer service here.Price was really good for the service and food too if you get the prix fix deal. 3 course of your choice of any appetizer, entree and dessert on the menu for only $38 is a great deal.  Will definitely come back and totally recommend this place.
A good friend of ours treated my boyfriend and I to dinner here last night. I was so excited; I love French cuisine. More so, I love the Californian infusion of French cuisine. On top of that, I love a good prix fixe menu and a reasonable corkage fee. Needless to say, I was giddy when I got there.The restaurant itself is quite charming. It's warm, cozy, has a cute bar and the wait staff is unpretentious and attentive. The menu had one vegetarian dish, two fish entres and a fair amount of meat. The appetizer menu was what got me the most excited. I went with the 3-item dinner and picked the Fourme D'Ambert tart as an appetizer, salmon with heirloom tomatoes/sweet corn/basil (albeit out of season?) as my entre and the French Toast dessert with Caramel sauce & Hazelnut ice cream.The tart gets 5 out of 5. It was perfectly baked and I loved the frisse salad, it cut the richness of the cheese very well. The entre was okay, I had it prepared medium rare but I was quite disappointed when it came out. It was light pink at best, and I suspect it was farmed and not wild. I'd give my entre a 3. The use of out-of-season vegetables and fish that isn't of the highest quality at this price point is a little disappointing. The dessert was good but too heavy, I'd give it a 3. I felt that overall the dishes were very heavy-handed with the sauce & salt.The Chef came out to introduce himself and gave me some wonderful tips on how to pan-roast the perfect piece of fish (the salmon itself WAS perfectly cooked). The owner of the restaurant is on the floor, reading you the specials and being fabulous and friendly in general. I really, really wish that all restaurants had such an attention to customer service because it makes the overall experience so much more personal. I swear after I spoke with the chef, my entre tasted better.Overall, there are plenty of restaurants in SF that are better, fresher and cheaper. However, the service is unmatched. This would be a great place to take your parent or grandparents from Out Of Town - the crowd is on the mature side and I think the food is designed for the palates of a crowd like that. We live in an agricultural mecca; there is no good reason to not use ingredients that are at the peak of their season.
Good food, nice atmosphere. Got reservations for the same night, no problem. When we showed up our table was ready. We all ordered the prix fixe menu for $38. For the prix fixe you get 3 courses (appetizer, entree, and dessert) right off the menu instead of being limited to a couple choices of a separate menu. I was really hungry so got the prix fixe for myself, turns out to be a big mistake because the portions were so generous that the only thing I was able to finish by myself was the appetizer (half the entree went home in a doggy bag). The food is yummy yet so rich it could easily have been shared with both parties being satisfied.Faves: - Salad Landaise: 3 kinds of duck in a salad! what could be better!- Pork Tenderloin: best pork I've had in a restaurant and the flavors of pork, chestnut, and brussel sprouts go together really well.- Tart Grand Mere: apple tart heaven!
service was off.totally off.i was so so surprised considering i have been coming here for years now and have recommended countless friends, co-workers, and clients about Chapeau!Asian lady host was rude. really rude. she looked out of place. a plaid shirt, capris and white socks? all of the servers looked and acted more professional than she did. i guess i'd be angry too though if i had on her ridiculo trash lady outfit. she seated me a bee's dick away from another table. literally.there were 7 other open tables at 9:30 that never even got used by the time we were done. needless to say, it sucked to feel like i was crammed with other customers hearing all of their convos.she was super attentive to my Caucasian bf and totally ignored me on multiple occasions. she spent the whole night schmoozing it up with a large table of douche bags. My boyfriend was like "why is that lady rude to you...she keeps asking me if i want more wine but is completely ignoring you?"saving graces: seared foie was good. entrees were fine. it was nice that the owner/chef came out and shook our hands. :)service and hostess were whack.we had three people "helping "us, all out of synch not knowing if we had ordered or what was up the whole time.when we are paying this much money, i don't need servings of passive aggressiveness, and confusion. this left such a bad taste in our mouths.from my top three restaurants that i have fully supported and loved to a place i will not be coming back to again.
Add another 5-star review to the list!Dinner was not only a great meal last night...it was a great 'experience' (similar to the feeling that eating at Gary Danko is an experience).It started with a friendly server and then continued to go uphill with incredible food. First was an excellent amuse bouche of a cream of cauliflower soup with truffle oil. The salad with duck confit was made that much better with a piece of decadent foie gras set on top. The trio of salmon was a great starter - somewhat light for what I knew was going to be a rather rich meal. Then I had the tasting fish course - I mean what's not to love about a seared scallop with a tomato onion chutney on top that is sitting on a pesto risotto and surrounded by a lobster bisque??? We also had the mussels and fries - I kept dipping everything I could into that broth. Intermission to cleanse our palate with green apple sorbet in calvado. Fun little kick, too. :)I had the skate wing special that had a nice tangy flavor with the lemon and the capers. It was delicious. The bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin had a great smokiness from the bacon and the sauce balanced it out with the perfect amount of sweetness. Mmmmm!Then came dessert - the French toast. I don't even know what to say about this. I mean I have a sweet tooth and I love dessert and I order it quite often. But this dessert will be one of those that remain in my memory for a loooong time and I could definitely see myself having a craving for this in the near future. Yes. It was that good. We also got profiteroles - while we definitely didn't need anymore food, we couldn't actually let them go to waste! They were very good - but paled in comparison to the French toast. We were the last people left in the restaurant - when the owner/chef came over to see how our meal was (after receiving the 'bisou bisou' - geez, I LOVE the French!) we even chatted with him longer since he was done for the night and....well...since the 2 of us had a lot of useless things to probably talk to him about after having almost polished off that second bottle of wine. I can't wait to come back!!!
Had made a reservation but the table that we got at the front of the restaurant next to the bar was too brightly lit and kind of isolated. The young guy who took care of the patrons at the bar also took care of our table. A nice person but sort of aloof and not attentive. I like to be offered things like coffee or after dinner drinks, etc. and he never did that and actually gave us our bill without clearing the dessert plates. He actually never came by to check how the main courses or desserts were. It may not seem like a big thing, but when you're spending nearly 300 bucks it would be nice to not have the check slammed down like at a diner. The last time I was there I seem to remember a busser and a waitperson that made sure that waters were refilled, etc., but this time just the one bored waiter. I hadn't eaten here in about a year, but felt the overall quality of the food seemed to have gone down. Things were pretty salty in general, and the amuse bouche of asparagus soup was incredibly salty. By the way, an espresso cup of mediocre soup seems to incredibly ungenorous and even lazy as far as an amuse bouche goes. The duck breast was cooked medium even though they say it's cooked medium rare. And it's swimming in a sickly sweet sauce. Why so much sweet sauce when you're already serving peaches on the side? It's overkill and not fine at all. The salmon trio app almost tasted like it had been refrigerated and had the delicacy drained from it. The nuage de noix for dessert was great. The bottle of Sancerre was a good value but very unimpressive. Sorry to have to post this but also sorry to spend that much money on salty mediocrity.
bf's birthday. invited his bro and sister-in-law up for dinner here. i was pretty excited and it's kinda tradition now to take him for french dining on his birthday :)somethings were amazing. some good, others sucked. we're both chefs and to be honest, pretty rough critics. it sucks sometimes and have high expectations. service was ok. he was good at his job, maybe not the most attentive though. martinis were around $13the best and most incredible dish of the night- blue cheese tart with frisse salad. omg. everyone loved this one, it was perfect. the mesclun salad with baked camembert was also an amazing salad. flavor combination was just right. bf's bro enjoyed the tomato soup, my bf liked the salmon app. but he said the potatoes on the dish should not have been served cold.sweetbreads- we are HUGE FANs of sweetbreads, but not these. the mushrooms and turnips that came around in the sauce were delicious. the sweetbread themselves left an unpleasant pasty texture in our mouths. not seared enough..entrees- duck- skin was not seared, wasn't cooked right, and i'm personally not a fan of green peppercorn sauces. a side note- all entrees were luke warm. my pork tenderloin, flavorful, crisp skin, but the parsnip puree around was way too sweet. the lamb was cooked awesome. and the mussels just basically just a plate of mussels, little broth on the bottom. desserts was lame. nothing exciting. the warm chocolate lava like with flambe bananas didn't live up to the name- should have been just called chocolate & banana molten cake. the weird overly citrus nutty dessert would have been better in a way smaller size. the porfiteroles were ok. my bf enjoyed himself, left full and lots of liquor in him.so bacially- it was dinner, at a french place with not much excitement ..it's no Fringale.
As your fifth grade teacher always said, punctuation does make a difference.According to the menu, Chapeau simply means "hat", but Chapeau! means "wow." I had to find out if this restaurant deserves the punctuation it claims.I enter the restaurant, starving and pretty drunk, as I had just come from drinks at Bourbon and Branch, a fine establishment that serves no food. I am enthusiastically greeted by a man with long curly, gray hair which I assume must be Phillipe the chef. My first thought is: "Wow, what a nice touch." My second thought is, "That is one crazy French mother f*cker."I scan the menu, quickly determine that I'm going to have the filet mignon. As they don't have a cab in the wines-by-the-glass section, I ask the waitress which is the biggest wine there:"The bordeaux" she says."But it's 75% merlot" I protest, but take her recommendation and order the bordeaux anyway.Honestly the wine wasn't as big as I had hoped, but that aside the meal was amazing.Is the exclamation point deserved? Absolutely.
The service was great. I sat at the bar. They have great price for set and early dinner. Oyster n escargo was good. I would suggest to skip the sweet bread. My bartender say they can make sears scallop n risotto with lobster sauce appetizer for me after I ate three appetizer. The scallop was perfect. Would definetly come back
Must Order:Lavender Honey & Dijon Glazed Petit PoussinPorcini Crusted Veal SweetbreadsBasil NapoleonWarm Valrhona Chocolate Cake
Philippe cares very much about the Inner Richmond; he's a true staple of the neighborhood. Even if you don't get a chance to enjoy his fantastically indulgent and city-renowned menu, you may still get a chance to see him walking around Clement street and have a chance to chat him up about the community and the wonderful land that we get a chance to call home. There's a reason why Chapeau is one of the highest rated restaurants in town.
What better way to start off the month than with good company and good food. From the moment we stepped into Chapeau! the service was a delight. After being personally greeted by the head chef, we each made our way to our seats. The atmosphere was soft and elegant; formal, yet welcoming. My friend made reservations for 5pm so that we could all be introduced to the infamous Early Bird prix fixe menu. For starters, we made sure each item on that Appetizer menu was on our table. I ordered the Mesclun Salad with Creme Dijonnaise. A combination of greens, pistachios, and grapes in a unique dressing gave it a rich and sweet taste. When eaten with the Fried Camenbert , it tasted even better! I also had the pleasure of tasting the Escargot de Bourgogne in Butter-Parsley & Garlic Sauce, Trio of Salmon, and the Soup of the Day. All of which tasted pretty good. But overall, I really loved my salad!For the main course I ordered the Louisiana Gulf Wild Flounder withmashed potatoes, braissed leeks, roasted tomatoes, and mussels in Saffron sauce. Chapeau! indeed! The texture of the flounder was... I don't even know how to describe it! Oh! Like that of scallop and cod combined. I was very happy with my selection. The sauce was very cleverly made. I commend the chef for creating a sauce so light, but rich enough in flavor. I love finishing a dish without having the feeling that I overstuffed myself in the process.For dessert I had the Basil Napoleon. The mixture of pineapple, mango, banana, kiwi and strawberries looked as festive as it tasted. I especially liked the Champagne-Citrus Pastry Cream. Not too sweet. It was almost like eating fruit with yogurt. Yum!Overall, my meal was superb. From start to finish, I enjoyed every bite. Healthy and delicious. My favorite!
Went here for mother's day brunch. Well it wasn't really brunch, but more like an early dinner. I was hoping for brunch food but they were apparently running their regular menu. Oh well, we make due. The interior is very nice and the service was quite good. However, I don't think I've ever had a male french FOH person that hasn't just seemed really creepy. Creepy in the sense that if I had a daughter I wouldn't let her anywhere close to them. Now that is not to say that they're not perfectly adequate at their job. Being in the industry, I know sometimes the creepiest people in real life are the best at their hospitality jobs... (not me of course... being creepy that is). The food overall was great, especially cuz I wasn't paying. I got the 4 course. App: Fried tiger prawns with a piperade. Excellent! Prawns perfectly cooked and had a thing stringy batter that made for great texture and didn't overshadow the delicacy and moisture of the prawns. Fish tasting course: (no choice here but I would've picked this anyway) A seared day boat scallop, served on a pesto risotto, with a lobster bisque sauce. Superb! Once again scallop was perfectly cooked, which is much harder than doing the same with the prawns. Risotto still held on to the flavor and moisture necessary for a good risotto. The bisque was excellent as well. The dish balanced perfectly, and I loved how the flavors/elements didn't get in the way of each other. It was wonderful to get a bite of all three, but if you just wanted to taste one you could. Entree: Veal sweetbreads with mushrooms. Pretty good. Definitely not as good as the first two, but it's hard to go wrong with sweetbreads as far as I'm concerned. The mushrooms, and sauce were great. I think they were king mushrooms, but I don't remember. The sauce and the sweetbreads played off each other quite well, although the sweetbreads were a bit dry. I had do really lather them in the sauce to compensate. But overall a successful dish. Definitely very full at this point...(very heavy meal, but no one's fault but my own)Dessert: As a table consensus we went with the profiteroles. They were great, but at that point my palate was pretty overloaded. But the table agreed they were delicious...Thanks for a great meal chapeau. Let me save up a little and I'll be back!Wines: Had Quincy Sauv, and a sancerre (forget which one) But I preferred the sancerre. Very crisp, with notes of green apple and citrus.
I had the best time at Chapeau. Why? Well, 1) the food was delicious and 2) the entertainment was second to none. Let me explain.The bf and I ordered our versions of Menu 1. The highlight of my experience was the foie gras. I love foie gras. I know how it comes to be is cruel, but I see it as being deliciously cruel. His highlight were the mussels. I believe they gave him the dinner portion size, but no extra charge for their mistake. And of course the grand finale was the dessert! We got the french toast with hazelnut ice cram and vanilla creme brulee. I pretty much died and went to dessert heaven. Portion sizes were big; both of us went home very full. Pretty good bang for your buck if you ask me.The best part of the night was sitting next to the obviously married- man-cheating-on-his-wife with the obviously too-young-for-him-not-his-wife girl. Chapeau is very small, so I was basically sitting right next to them and could hear the creepy whisperings between them. Reality drama in reality!
1 star because they tried to satisfy me.First of all, this place is way too expensive for the amount of food they serve. Here is the bill for each person:Person A: 64.50Lemon drop - 10Duck breast - 40.50healthy sf - 1.85tips - 8tax - 4.15Mine: 77.50Bloody Mary - 10Lambs - 53.50healthy sf - 1.85tips - 8tax - 4.15Person C: 54.50Duck breast - 40.50healthy sf - 1.85tips - 8tax - 4.15Person D: 63.50Sparkling - 9Salmon - 40.50healthy sf - 1.85tips - 8tax - 4.15Person E: 54.50Salmon - 40.50healthy sf - 1.85tips - 8tax - 4.15Each person should really pay $30-40 in my opinion.Yelp says 61 or over is considered as 4 dollar signs. Most of us paid close to $60 so I rate this place $$$$.Service:Most of them seemed very fake and one of them seemed to be very snobby. The host was the snobby one. She didn't smile and threw the towel onto our laps. The fake ones were the overly happy/trying to suck up to us waiters. The only real person there was the busboy. I gave them 1 star for just trying to fix my orders.Food:I'm pretty sure we waited 30 minutes for our food to come. We were all full by the time our entrees came because we stuffed our faces with bread and butter during that wait time.Corn soup came with all our entrees. Mine and person A's soup was cold/lukewarm. I kept drinking it thinking that it was supposed to be that way until person D's soup came and it was hot as hell. I was jealous, so I told our waiter that our soup was cold. At first he didn't seem to believe me as he touched my bowl to see if I was telling the truth. He did give us two hot corn soups after, so I'm happy. I just wondered how can a high class restaurant like this serve cold food. When I ordered my Bloody Mary, they told me they didn't have it. However, the bartender tried to make it anyways. It tasted very mediocre, but it was very sweet of him to have tried. I also asked the waiter what color would my lamb be if it was medium rare. He said, "BLOODY". When it came, it was dry, light pink and overly salted....so I stole some duck breast from Person A :]. (I knew I should've asked for rare like I do at any other 2 star steakhouses. Rare = medium rare for newb chefs.) Their duck breast is pretty good at medium rare. I really think the chef/owner should go back into the kitchen to help with cooking and serving the food on time instead of kissing customer's cheeks and giving compliments on their way out the door. I also tried person D's salmon. She liked it, but i thought it was dry and rough as hell.I just hope that their food was crappy because it was a busy night and we were just unlucky.Oh well, never coming back again.
CHAPEAU!!! This place is amazing. I have always wanted to come here for the longest time, and it did not disappoint. The food was amazing and executed to perfection. I came here with a couple friends and we shared each of our prix fix menus. Some of the best Onion soup I have ever had, it was nice and crusty with the crouton and cheese making a mega flavor seal on top. Duck Breast was done just right to keep it juicy and tender. And all the deserts are TDF (thats right, I abbreviated To Die For)I have to say that I am not a fan of all of the extra foo-foo of "fine dining", I'm am all about the food. That is why I love this place, it seems they are all about making sure angry hungry people become happy. There is no extra stuff that has nothing to do with food. Elegant, yet simple decor. Seating arrangement was tasteful and efficient. Servers were not hovering around me like a bunch of agitated yellow jackets. To sum it up, I had an amazing experience. I even started crying thinking about all the wonderful food I have had in my life, yes this place is high on the list. So anyways, now that this review has gone weird...You should come eat here, yeah!Oh and the Chef is an awesome guy that talks to everyone and gives hugs and kisses to the regulars and the Frenchies.
I'll add to the some 547 reviews so far on this but I'll make it short.Melted Brie - Crazy GOODTrio of salmon - pretty good, its not too specialSea bass - fishy and slightly dryFillet Mignon - MOST Tender thing ever!, the sauce is perfect and this steak rivals some of the steak house's steak easilyWarm Chocolate cake - melty chocolate goo inside! so good!Trio of Sorbet - meh ... what would you want? it's sorbet.Where's the Foie Gras? Darn it! I should of asked for it since it might have been off the menu? Does anyone know?
One of the best meals ever. My filet mignon was so soft and tender, it nearly melted in my mouth with every bite.Anyway, we had finished our delectable meal, paid the bill, finished our drinks, etc. And, I started wondering where's my damn goodbye kiss. Every review from Yelp talked about these goodbye cheek kisses from the chef. I started thinking we must be lepers or something. Ultimately, we could wait no longer without looking like weirdos.We were about 1 block away and we heard someone yell something from just outside the restaurant. Since I am infamous for forgetting things and leaving things behind, I turned around expecting to see some forgotten item. Instead, we saw the chef/owner running down the block empty-handed.Basically, he ran down the block to ask how we enjoyed our meal. We talked for a minute or so about how he combined or achived several unique flavors. And then. . .  The hype is true. We got the goodbye side kisses.
love the foie gras here! and it's true! the customer service here is tentative and kind. and yes, the chef does come out and greet every single patron. My sister's first reaction was: doesn't he have to cook!? lol. Also, learned from their menu that they have specials going on between 5-6pm. Looks like a really good deal! will def come back for that.
Okay so the food is so damn good but the service is so damn bad... 3.5 stars... They need to hire some legit servers because my server was some old Chinese dude who looked like he had no idea wtf was going on since they were fully booked and super busy.The Escargot was freaking delicious!!! My gf ate half the order even though she kept telling me snails were gross. haha.
Chapeau! Bien fait!Food = 4.5. I had the succulent and rich sweetbreads, followed by the cassoulet. For dessert, I had the warm chocolate cake and a cognac. The food was awful for the diet. Translation = So decadent!Service = 4.5. Our server was very pleasant and attentive. As a francophile, I loved the francophone waitstaff. The executive chef came to our table three times: to welcome us; to inquire on our meals; and to thank us for dining with them. One word: Chaleureux!Atmosphere = 4.0. The dining room is very cozy but since the restaurant is so popular, the place gets a little loud. The feel of the restaurant is lovely, though.
This was a restaurant experience unlike any other I'd had in San Francisco. Case in point, my boyfriend exclaims "I don't know that I'd be comfortable at work if my boss walked around all the time." when he saw friendly Chef happily greeting customers at the table, and later sharing a laugh and a joke with our server at the table next to us. But this isn't your typical workplace, nor your typical restaurant.But onto the food... like everyone else says, amazing food for the price you pay. Both my bf and I ordered off the Menu 1 (one appetizer, entree, and dessert for $38... quite the deal). I ordered the Pork Tenderloin, and I have to admit I was a little bit skeptical when our server told me they typically serve it medium rare. I took my first bite and WOW! (Chapeau! haha) - very unexpected but very pleasantly surprising. That's what sums up their food here. It's outstanding. Though the walls were bare and the and decor, minimal to almost nonexistent... it's the food that takes center stage.Oh and I failed to mention, when I ate their French Toast dessert, I nearly died and gone to heaven.
This place has that "je ne sais quoi" ambiance about it - it's romantic, homey and comfortable all wrapped in a tiny, unassuming outdoor. The food was amazing! We had a prix fixe menu, so had the appetizer, entree and dessert. The service was what you would expect at a fine dining restaurant. We paid the bill and walked out the door and then we hear yelling in the background, only to see the chef, huffing and puffing, cheeks rosy running after us to give us all kisses and thanking us for coming. (It was a girls' night.)
Given all the hype around Chapeau! and the amazing reviews, I was really excited to try this place out.The Positives:The restaurant itself was very cute, and the Chef came out to introduce himself and welcome us (en francais), which was quite charming.The Negatives:I didn't think I would ever be able to say this, but the portions were too large (in an overwhelming way). In addition, one flavor in each dish seemed to dominate / overwhlem the rest of the flavors (not a good thing). The dijon mustard in the salad was overwhelmingly pungent, and the curry in the duck overwhelmed the entire dish (too bad because the duck was cooked perfectly). The only dish I really enjoyed was the profiteroles for dessert (at which point I was too full to enjoy it anyway).Lastly, our service took forever.I really wanted to love this place, but overall, was unimpressed.Will not be returning (too many wonderful restaurants in the city).
For the price, I've never had a better meal. My wife, her father and I ate here last night and everyone absolutely loved Chapeau! The night started wonderfully, as we strolled in without reservations and were immediately seated. We got in at just the right time, around 7:30 PM, as the diners coming in shortly after us did have to wait to be seated.Everything we had this evening was beautifully presented, and the service (from our waiter Charles - good sense of humor) was excellent. His food recommendations all came through perfectly. The owner came and greeted us personally as appears to be his routine, but his charming demeanor felt genuine. He also kindly bid us farewell on the way out, asking if we had enjoyed our meal. While the Yelp entry lists this restaurant as casual, you'll want to wear a nicer outfit, if only to blend in with those who dressed up for the evening.As other Yelpers have mentioned, the dining room is attractive, but cramped. You'll be sitting close to other parties, particularly if you're located along the wall in the bench seating.On to the meal! Here's what we had:Diner 1: Menu 1 (Prix Fixe) - appetizer, entree, dessert for $38Appetizer: Day's special soup (not on menu): A sweet corn soup with Dungeness crab topped with white truffle oil. Delicious! My wife couldn't stop helping herself to spoonfulls of this tasty, creamy soup.Entree: Bacon Wrapped Natural Pork Tenderloin w/ Parsnip Puree and Braised Green Swiss Chard in an Apple-Calvados Sauce. Yum! The puree was very buttery and sweet, while the pork tenderloins were cooked just as I wanted. The sweet apple-calvados sauce was also on the sweet side, but tasty. Dessert: Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee - Creme Brulee is my favorite dessert and this one didn't disappoint. A good-sized portion, and very tasty. The caramelized top layer was crisp without tasting burnt. Well done. Diner 2: Vegetarian Fixe Menu $38Appetizer: Fourme d'Ambert Tart. Frisee Salad, Anjou Pear, Balsamic Reduction. This was a lovely little croissant-like pastry topped with salad. Flaky pastry, delicious.Entree: Deep Fried Polenta/ Ratatouille "a ma facon"Yellow Corn & Heirloom Tomato Fricassee, Yellow Corn Bisque. Her absolutely clean plate showed that this Ratatouille was a crowd-pleaser. Dessert: Sorbet Trio w/ Hazelnut basket and apple compote. The tart mango-passionfruit sorbet was the tastiest, while the lime and blackberry sorbet were also delicious. The hazelnut basket and its apple-y contents added a pleasant change of texture when broken up and blended into spoonfuls of the cool sorbet.Diner 3: P.E.I. Mussels Soup: Creme Fraiche, Parsley & Garlic Croutons. The tiny little croutons were a hit, while the mussels were perfectly prepared. Lovely.Wild Caught Skate Wing in a brown Butter, Fingerling Potato Sauce Grenobloise, Mache. We've never actually had skate before, but the waiter recommended it as his favorite. He wasn't kidding, this was one of the tastiest fish dishes we'd ever sampled. The skate absolutely melts in your mouth. We agreed that this was the best entree of the evening and would definitely be ordering it again. We were presented with an amuse bouche as well. While I can't exactly recall what it was, I believe it was a spoonful of scallop in an anchovy paste. Very delicate, quite tasty.  The Zinfandel we ordered with our meal was very nice and reasonably priced. ($39)While the food wasn't brought out quickly, the wait wasn't unreasonable and our waiter was very attentive. Even the bread scored highly with these diners, as our baskets were refilled by a hot, fresh loaf with regularity, making the wait that much easier.We had an excellent meal and will be coming back again soon.
I know everyone is giving this place really good ratings, but I'm going to go out on a limb here to say that you shouldn't come expecting french food that is very authentic. It was bistro style food and it's obvious that the chefs can execute delicious meals; however, its a bit more geared for American audiences. I'm a bit spoiled in that sense, so I'm picky when it comes to french food. But if you do like bistro food don't worry you'll enjoy this place. The service always kept up with us throughout our dinner, but most of the time it seemed somewhat rushed. The restaurant is small so reservations are a must and parking is a bit hard to find so you will want to come earlier if you drive here. We opted for the 3 for $40 each option. The best part of the meal was the sweetbreads that I had ordered as my first course. It was full of flavor and stood our well on its own. The trio of salmon appetizer was just OK we definitely liked the sweetbreads better. The cassoulet had all the right elements of a classic cassoulet. Our only complaints are that the meat needed a little more salt and that the beans were undercooked (as was previously stated in other reviews). I chose the halibut, which worked well as a whole when combined with the broth and the bread. I almost wish I had gotten another slice of bread to continue tasting it all together. As for dessert, the molten lava chocolate cake was great. I ordered the lemon tart and all I can say is that it was overly bitter (not much powdered sugar to balance it) and that the crust was way too dry. It seems as though they cooked the crust of the tart for too long because it was flavorless and crumbling as I tried to eat it. Anyways, Chapeau seems like it attracts people that are in the mood for some bistro dishes, but I don't think I'd want to go back.
OH WHAT A NIGHT!Anytime you're greeted by the Executive Chef upon arrival, you know you're in for a culinary treat. Chapeau! (French for Wow!) is my kinda place. Nice linens, open dining room, a bustling volume level and delicious cuisine.We opted for a 4-Course self-selected tasting menu and were completely pleased. I even ate my first whole scallop as the "Tasting Fish" of the night. Decadent. The timing was perfect, complete with Intermezzo (Lemon Ice, doused with Vodka.. Yumm!) and the Main Courses (I chose Filet Mignon) were superb, using local meat and vegetables, delicately balanced by the chef's sauces.The wine list was just big enough, with good value on the California side. And anytime you can get a Kir Royale for $12, I'm a happy boy..
Went back in Dec. 2010 with some friends. Food was okay, not memorable. Cassoulet too salty. Noise level unbearable - couldn't hear our companions talk.
Before I get started, I must exclaim that the foie gras was AMAZING! This was worth the 2 year wait...since I've been meaning to come here that long...If i remember, it was only a $14 up charge with the 4 course prix fixed menu. The duck breast was phenomenal, perfectly cooked medium and sitting on a light sauce. The lobster bisque, one of my favorite soups, was done quite nicely as well. The desert was not as great as I had expected, but well worth it, as part of the prix fixed menu.I love the atmosphere, very unpretentious and extremely inviting. Mostly a local crowd and a super friendly staff...the host kissed my cheek as we left!Looking for an opportunity to go back very soon...
It's been 2 years since I was here last and the quality hasn't changed. The place was formerly at 15th ave and they moved to 2nd (fyi). Philippe & Ellen continue their comittment to excellence in selecting quality ingredients, memorable presentation and downright good flavors; and their presence is observed as every guest enters and leaves the front door with a handshake or the famous "french bise." We actually came for a dine about town only to discover that menu is not honored on Fri & Sat nights. However, they thankfully have a 3 & 4 course prix fixe menu running all year round. I started my appetizer with the smoked trout salad and a complimentary anchovy pastry (Needless to say I fulfilled my salt intake right then and there...) and then enjoyed one of the best pork entrees that's ever touched my palate...no kidding...Perfectly grilled and seasoned on a tasty bed of spinach, garlic mashed potatoes and carmelized pears. I couldn't help but try the french toast for dessert and they even brought out a complimentary vanilla bean creme brulee as we were accompanied by 2 loyal patrons.Let's just say I'm planning on becoming one myself....
The foie gras was as good as it gets. But the entrees were all just ok. We ordered lamb shoulders, filet mignon, pork loin, and lamb chops. the lamb chops were probably the best of all of them but nothing special. if i come again, i would probably order more appetizer. I really liked the scallop over risotto, but there was ONLY ONE scallop served. They should up the portion and make it an entree.
Chapeau is delicious.I havent eaten there in 2 years, but I still remember the delicious meal I had. Everything, and I mean everything is cooked to perfection. There were 6 of us dinning, so I basically got to sample pretty much the entire menu. Butter, cream, garlicky wine sauces, decadent deserts...mmmmm. The chef is a wonderful man. He comes out to greet every single patron and took the time to tell me I should really scrape the marrow out of the bone from my meal. He brought me some herbed bread(mmm!) to spread it on. I mean, even that was delicious...and I was truly skeptical.Simply amazing. Go. Now.
Decided to try this place out and treat my mommy + family here for my mom's birthday. Walked in and was immediately greeted by the owner? Very welcoming. Even shook all our hands. Extra bonus points for that. Three-course meal for only $38?? wowwww that is CHEAP. So, the whole family decided on the three-course meal. I ordered the escargots (very flavorful but a bit too salty). I even dip their freshly baked bread into the sauce and it was GOOD. For entree I decided on the Cassoulet de Toulouse - shredded lamb shoulder with duck leg confit. Dessert: Nuage de Noix - I didn't even know what it was actually but decided to try something new. Turned out great but I couldn't finish because I was so full already. My family actually really enjoy this restaurant and my dad is VERY VERY picky with his food. So I am glad I finally found a place that he likes a lot!
Great restaurant!The chef is friendly and greets everyone at teh doore. Good food, fun atmosphere.
This place rocks, service is good and the staff was very informative for a newbie like me who isnt up on all the merci becu type food. I went home happy
Most of the time we eat to live, but sometimes we live to eat. Give me a glass or two of wine and I fall firmly into the second category!  I was fortunate enough to be tipped off to Chapeau not by yelp, but by the friendly staff at Blackwell's during a wine tasting.yelp.com/biz/blackwells-Chapeau is easily one of the top 5 French restaurants I've been to anywhere. They do an excellent job of pairing sweet flavors with salty, and tart with spice. While I was waiting for my appetizer they bought me out a complimentary creamy asparagus soup. A perfect way to start my meal it was simple, subtle, and delicious. I ordered the smoked rainbow trout with anchovies and potatoes, followed by the pan-seared duck over a sage polenta and caramelized pears. Both were superb; the anchovies were perhaps a tiny bit too strong for the delicate trout, regardless the flavor combination was fabulous. My duck was delicious; the smooth delicate sage polenta brought out the richness of the meat, which was complimented by the sweet lightly caramelized pears!!!My plan was to skip desert since I'd been quite gluttonous the last few days. However, my heart told my mind to shut up when I caught a glimpse of a hot chocolate souffl floating by my table.  I ordered one of course; it was super rich and deep. Maybe it wasn't the best souffl I've had in my life, but it was just perfect with the little scoop of banana gelato they serve it with! IMO Chapeau excels above most other french restaurants by playing creatively with conflicting flavors. The waiters, staff, and manager all did a great of making me feel at home, I felt as if I was at good friends for dinner.An unexpectedly terrific meal from start to finish.
I came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, and we both left really content with the meal. The atmosphere is cute. Dim-lighting and very nice interior design! It's not a huge restaurant, and not too small.The service there is great! They are all extremely nice, and the chef personally comes out and greets you. Warm greetings and great sense of humour. Perfect! The food was good. The presentation was beautiful, and it was filling. We ordered the escargot, and I was amazed at how soft it was. Most escargot I've eaten were extremely chewy. The garlic is pretty overwhelming, so be warned. They also gave us complimentary Parsley Soup. I am not a big fan of parsley, and it was very strong ... so if you like parsley, you'd probably like it. (The first taste was okay ... the second sip was too much for me.) For our entree, he ordered the Pork Tenderloin wrapped in Bacon, and I ordered the Prince Edward Island Mussels. Delicious! I would love to come here again and try the other entrees, however, it is quite a pricey restaurant.
After reading over a TON of reviews on yelp and being referred here, we decided to come here for an early Valentine's Day. The restaurant was still pretty crowded for a 8pm seating! It is a cute french restaurant that makes you want to say "awww" when you step in. We were seated promptly and the amuse-bouche was served. It was a mushroom soup that had a nice trace of white truffle oil. It was a nice touch to have the Chef come out and greet guests as they are seated also. They must have a good system going on somewhere, because the chef would come out like clock work! The food here is just okay. I don't know what the big hype is- it was good, but not memorable. In fact, I struggled trying to remember what i ate. We both got the three course tasting menu, and here are my ratings-Appetizers (Prince Edward Mussells & Traditional Escargot) my favorite parts of the meal! Cooked perfectly, and the flavors were divine. Main Dishes (ehhhh)Cassoulet de Toulouse.: really good, but very rich/heavy. The lamb was shredded so much that you could barely find pieces in the sauce. The Daily Special- it was a type of fish, i forget what kind. It was good and light tasting, but nothing really too special. Dessert (whatevs)Creme Brulee- this is my all time favorite dessert and they totally ruined it for me. The top layer was soggy and cold, and the custard was SO thick. Definitely not my cup of tea. I dont even remember what the second dessert was.....
I'd just like to preface this review by saying that I used Yelp on average several times a week and haven't written a review yet. I truely feel that my dinner at Chapeau! last night was so good that it gets the honor of my first review. I would have to say this was one of my top 5 dinners out. The restaurant was still packed when we showed up for our 8:30 reservation and we were seated immediately...by the head chef/owners himself! He then stopped by several times during our meal to be sure we were enjoying everything and he mingled throughout the restaurant, never stopping. This same level service happened the last time we dined here in September 2008 when the location was still called Clementine's (same owner). Fabulous service aside, the food was out of this world. My date and I started with foie gras (I was surprised that it wasn't on their online menu, so I called the restaurant to be sure they had it available...the hostess said, "but of course!". We were sold.) We also tried the goat cheese appetizer and for entrees we drooled over porcini encrusted veal sweetbreads and the filet. The meat was so so mouth-watering, that my boyfriend and I almost didn't want to talk to each other in fear that we'd miss one of the flavors. We ended the dinner with the cheese plate (a must!), but I'm sure one of the other 5-6 dessert options (including a creme brule I was eying on the table next to me) would have been just as perfect to end the dinner. After we paid the bill (which was reasonable), the chef/owner called a cab for us and waited by the door chatting with me until the cab showed up. I felt like I was a regular, but have only been here twice. This unpretentious, but top-notch french restaurant cannot be missed. Outstanding service, food and ambience will make it the perfect evening. I want to go back tonight!
My fiance and I went here for his birthday dinner. The best dish of the night was the Porcini Crusted Veal SWEETBREADS with King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Baby Carrots & Turnips, Truffle Sauce, Fried Leeks, White Truffle Oil. It was rich, savory, and an overall joy to eat! The dish came close to entrees I've sampled in Parisian bistros.Not too excited, however, about the FLOATING ISLAND dessert under a nest of caramelized sugar. The nest was quite difficult to eat because it was hard and got stuck in your teeth.Nonetheless, I'd go back here again and recommend it to friends!
With Fleet week, Giants game/49ers game/Raiders game going on, this restaurant was busy at 5:30pm. (besides Burmastar two blocks away)I thought to myself....maybe everyone is here for the early bird menu. $29.50 for a three course meal that doesn't just offer a chicken breast or a pasta dish, it is a great deal. I loved my three choices - escargots, duck breast (+$2) and French toast as desert. As busy as they were, each dish came out fresh off the stove and the duck was done perfectly. The French toast was amazing, I can't think of a better desert dish to complete my meal. Service was excellent, they do not try to sell you a bottle of wine and the owner always keeps an eye on the flow of the restaurant. You can definitely impress your date without breaking your bank if you stick with with the early bird menu...otherwise, their regular 3 course menu is about $38.Just one thing....their tables are pretty close to each other so probably not the best place for intimate conversations.
Great French restaurant in the Richmond. Visited Chapeau on a Friday night before going to the Impressionist exhibit at the de Young. We opted for the 3-course meal for $38, a great value. Portions were very generous. In fact, one salad could have fed 2-3 of us. I had the skate wing in a caper-lemon sauce for my main course - it was one of the best skate dishes I have had! I'm still thinking about it...Our waiter was excellent and mindful of our request to finish our meal within an hour. This place is definitely worth the trek to the Richmond. If we didn't have to rush off to the museum we would have lingered much longer at Chapeau!
I took my wife here on her birthday, and we had an amazing experience. Everything we ordered was fantastic: the trio of salmon and salade landaise for appetizers, a cassoulet and a rabbit leg for our entrees, and an apple tart and a chocolate cake (loved the rum-raisin ice cream) for dessert. The chef also came to our table to thank us for coming, and he shook our hands on our way out. Our server was very friendly, and the ambiance was perfect-- dimly lit, not too noisy, and cozy. We both got the prix fixe menu, which is a phenomenal value. We will definitely go back.
Yes. The food is nice... Good solid bistro-style. Nice everything. However,awful excuse for a baguette. You would think a place puts such french airs (to the point of ridicule almost - like when the obviously-not-french staff speaks with feigned french accent) would also have a half decent baguette. Filet Mignon was well done. Took too long to replace for my M/R and removed my fork and knife so I wasn't even able to alleviate my hunger by picking scraps from my companion's plate. Also, they made the mistake of offering me a quarter portion of my appetizer as "an apology" and served it to me together with the replacement steak. Oh well, I'm being nitpicky. So I'll conclude: food was good. Too bad about the baguette.
I. Love. Chapeau.Went here tonight with my fiance, and had an AMAZING time. We made reservations at 5:30, which got us the "early bird" special (Sun through Thurs, 5-6pm, $25.50 for a 3 course meal!!). We were pretty excited, especially since it is walking distance from our apartment. It's a cute little French joint; the tables are quite close together but since it was early on a weekday, we didn't have anyone next to us for the entire meal. It actually started out a little rocky... we were disappointed to see that, although the website had a "best value" type section of their wine list, the actual wine list had no such thing. In looking for a $35-40 bottle, we found a Pinot, and ordered it... well, we tried. Unfortunately, they had just sold the last bottle. She recommended another Pinot that was about $50... too pricey. We took another moment to look at the menu. We chose a $40 bottle of a blend of something with Cab Franc. We ordered it... well, we tried. Unfortunately, they were sold out of this wine as well. This waiter recommended another wine that was almost $60. We tried again, and ended up with a delicious Malbec in our price range. Third time's the charm?Luckily, things went WAY up from there... and we figured that since this place is 4.5 stars on yelp, our unfortunate wine luck was not common. We ordered, and they brought us out a cauliflower and truffle soup (on the house)... it was AMAZING. I could have just had that for dinner! Then, out came the appetizers... a spinach salad for my fiance, which was your standard spinach salad, and escargot for me. I was nervous--never had escargot... I was NOT disappointed. It was AMAZING! So perfectly cooked, tender, and the flavors of the rosemary and garlic... amazing compliments. I was in awe. Then, the entrees. The lamb cassoulet was rich, heavy, and delicious. I was glad my fiance ate it as I'm not sure if I could have finished it, but the flavors were amazing. I got the duck breast... also unbelievably good, and perfectly cooked. I want more now just thinking about it! Eat it with the pears (like, in the same mouthful). I felt like a judge on Top Chef and was totally amazed at how well the flavors complemented one another. I actually neglected my wine while I was eating... that is how you know food is REALLY good... when I forget to drink my wine!!Finally, dessert... Fiance got the red wine soup... yummy and light. I got the creme brulee. I hope you're ready for dessert if you get that, as the portion is HUGE. It was also amazing and creamy, and yes, I did finish it all.To top it off, the service was perfect. Our water glasses (and wine glasses!) were never empty, and we had three people thank us and bid us goodnight as we left. Oh, and BONUS points for giving us the bill in a hat (Chapeau means hat in French). That was so cool. It was a great value, great food, great wine, great service... and I cannot wait to go back.
First of all, we had to make reservations but we were about a half an hour late due to traffic. We called to let them know, they said no problem, in fact the owner said he would wait for us outside and wanted to make sure we got there safely. When we get there, the place was brimming with life and owner was absolutely amazing. He wanted us to have an amazing relaxed experience and that's what we got.I had the sauted Dorade and I was pretty much blown away. Cooked perfectly, presented wonderfully, I finished every last morsel of that dish. Will definitely go back again when I get another chance!!!
Used to be one of my favorite restaurant in SF but not anymore. Mediocre food plus service. Lacks creativity and missing many details in my entree. Perfection is moving target and Chapeau is not moving
I love this restaurant. The food is amazing. The service is better. Don't take a date here until you've eaten here twice. It will look way cooler when the Chef remembers you. He introduces himself to everyone. I can't wait to give tis guy more money.
This may have been one of my favorite meals of all time!A man I'm dating took me here before I had to catch my red-eye back to NYC. Let me preface this by saying the meal was so good that I nearly missed my 11:20 PM flight. I was the last person on the plane and that was because they waited for me and I ran like Forrest through the terminals (in my four-inch suede ankle boots no less).Their tasting menus are reasonably priced and they give an optional 3 or 4 course meal. My date had the salmon trio and I had the foie gras as starters. Both very delicious and not overly done, considering the rich ingredients.I had the scallops as my entree and they were out of this world. Seriously, best scallops I have ever had.They were flavorful, tender, and fresh. The portions were WONDERFUL. There is definitely no skimping here. The wine our server suggested was crisp, although a little on the tart side. It went well for my dish but not sure my date can say quite the same.I love that this restaurant isn't pretentious, it doesn't try to be some over-decorated and stuffy French know-it-all haute foodie house. It seems to just aim to do what the restaurant was probably resurrected to do: Serve amazing food and make people happy. Absolutely sensational.
I don't know why it took me so long before I tried Chapeau! The food quality and presentation, service, and pricing are 5 stars! I love that the chef greeted us at the door. How often do you get to meet the magician who prepared your meal??We ordered the early bird special - 3 courses for $28, it was a steal! Every dish, from the Mesclud salad to the salmon to the basil napolean, each of them was a nice surprise. So rich, and so perfectly done! Do keep in mind that this is not a place for light dishes, rich taste sometimes means lots of butter! :)The place is small and cozy, but almost too cozy for first dates because your neighbors sits about 3 feet from you. I would suggest this place for a casual/ group dinner, but probably not for special occasions.
I haven't actually had a chance to eat at Chapeau yet, but I once had to cancel my reservation at the last minute and they were extremely understanding and a pleasure to speak with. Very family owned and operated feel with wonderful customer service.
The food here is amazing. I mean it. amazing. We decided to have girl's night out (thanks Sylvia for planning this!!) here and it was well well worth it. I think we ended up having 2 bottles of wine and several courses. I don't even remember how much food we ate. It was just a ton. The winners in my opinion - fois gras. Ok. I'm a bit biased. I heart fois gras like on one else. It was perfect. The Casoulet was yum, until I found out what it was :P Monkfish was very well prepared. I've got to tell you, it's been two weeks and I still remember the fois gras, how good it was. This rivals the fois gras nigiri at Kobuto, for shiz.I'd go back. It wasn't horribly expensive. We could have easily paid 1.5x what we paid here at any shamcy french restaurant. The owner was so lovely!! He kissed each cheek as we walked in and updated us on our table at least three or four times in the 15 minutes we had to wait for the "slow eaters" in the corner to finish. So... I gave the restaurant four stars. It would have easily been five stars. Except, there was one itty bitty problem. I will leave it at that.
Chapeau is like an attractive woman who doesn't bother wearing makeup. Either way she's hot, so does it really matter? We drove past the restaurant a couple times before realizing it was right there. No visible sign other than a handwritten paper taped to the front window (I think they are redoing the facade). As soon as we entered we were warmly greeted by Philippe the proprietor, chef, and maitre d' who led us to our table.The ambiance is not the highlight, a single carnation on each table, stenciled flower prints, and other cheesy decor adorn the small dining room. Given the quality of the dining experience this seems substantially mismatched.I started with the seared fois gras which was served with thin apples slices and drizzled honey. At the suggestion of our waiter I paired that with a Sauternes which complimented the honey so nicely. Next came the fillet minion, a simple entree perhaps, but served with succulent mushrooms and diced potatoes. The presentation and quality of each dish was impeccable, on par with what you'd find at any of the top tier French restaurants in SF. Service was good, but not the well timed symphony of French Laundry or Gary Danko. What it lacks in perfection it makes up for in unpretentiousness and warmth. As we left the restaurant stuffed Philippe showed us out, it's clear that this restaurant is his baby and it shows.I'll definitely stop in again.
Went to chapeau last week on a reservation - wait was ok. Honestly, I though it was above their reputation as an overall experience. Seating is too close for comfort - you feel like there isn't any privacy in a conversation. Food was good - not amazing. We had oysters that were great - the other dishes had too many ingredients added on that you loose the flavor. Entree was too salty - could not finish or even got close to 1/2 of it. Glad I went once - would probably not be a repeat customer. On another note, the owner is extremely welcoming and pleasant.
This place is nice! It has great food and great service! The French toast is so good!
French food felt like the perfect celebratory food for the birthday girl (me). We were greeted by a cordial and friendly Asian waiter upon our arrival but it took forever for the menu to arrive until hubby, who was annoyed by the wait, asked again for the menu and informed the Jr. Yelpers that Lesson #1: the menu is suppose to arrive promptly when you are seated at a restaurant.The place was already 2/3 full and buzzing with loud conversations. We were glad that our table was right by the window, away from the backroom noise but it was too drafty even with a heavily draped door. I kept bouncing my knees up and down trying to keep warm.Menu #1, 3 courses for about $38 and addition of $10 for the filet mignon and $6 extra for the rack of lamb. You can get Menu #2, 4 courses and they'll add an additional apple sorbet somewhere in the 4 courses for $4 charge. A tiny complimentary demitasse taste of cream of asparagus soup was nice. I thought the French onion soup was a tad sweet and the cheese melted throughout the soup instead of a large clump on top of the soup. The French bread was light and crispy, served with unsalted butter. A bite of Hubby's foie gras appetizer was delightfully soft and good, accompanied by slices of apples and decorated with carmel sauce on the bottom, it paired well with his glass of Napa Bordeaux. My Black Cod which was moist, cooked just right but didn't taste that good with the green olives and fennel. Hubby thought the outside of his rack of lamb was not seared enough and stated that he preferred the rack of lamb at Bursa Kebob in West Portal. Jr. Yelper #1 enjoyed the chopped roasted potatoes with mushroom more than his filet mignon. Jr. Yelper #2 thought the duck breast was good as well as the polenta and poached pears. I tried 3 scoops of the apple sorbet instead of their trio of blackberry, lime and passionfruit. Both desserts were served with apple sauce and a lace cookie holding a dollop of applesauce. The apple sorbet didn't have as much flavor as the sorbet trio. The creme brulee had a lovely crunchy carmelized topping and was extremely rich and creamy. Hubby's fruit compote (Basil Napoleon) was refreshing and light, served with 2 cookie crisps.Prior to the owners of Chapeau! acquiring Clementine, I preferred the food at Clementine over Chapeau! but will now have to re-visit Clementine to see if the change in ownership has affected the food and service. Chapeau! is a reasonably priced restaurant but I've had better French food at Epcot in Disney World if you can believe that. Lesson #2 for Jr. Yelpers - chew with your mouth closed and don't speak while chewing, and masticate the heck out out of your food so you don't choke because your parents don't want to have to perform CPR in a small restaurant. And Lesson #3, always thank your server and bus boy for serving you and refilling your water glasses. They may not acknowlege it but they do appreciate it.
For all those who ask, "How did I not stumble into this place before?" I offer up: 1. No real sign, just a small hand-written piece of paper in the window.2. No lights. With the window shades drawn for the evening, and the heavy curtain in the entry, barely a dim glow shines through to the street. 3. Quiet part of Clement with few other restaurants in the immediate vicinity but a very bright, loud, distracting Russian (?) store next door. But once you FIND the place, you'll be sure to go back for more. I'm going back as soon as I can for the CASSOULET which the (French) guy next to me declared the best he has ever had. I stared longingly at it from the moment the server brought it to the table and had instant ordering remorse. In the almost-300 reviews here, it's probably all been said before, so I'll stick to the highlights (and lowlights). Highlights: * Romantic and classy * Sweetbreads - MUST try, and great with the Pinot by the glass* Apple tart dessert* Delightful chef who likes to mingle with the diners* Great service* DELICIOUS food. My scallops were great (although somehow "ordinary"). And I wish I had not been allowed to order a red wine with them, because the recommended Pinot really did NOT go. The rabbit was tender and quite flavorful and went well with the Bordeaux. * The check arrives in a chapeau. [Please cut out the "Made in China" labels, though. Please. S'il vous plait!]* Great value. Not inexpensive, but a great meal for the price. * Kitchen open 'til 10:30pm - great for after-event diningLows:* Cramped - but good for meeting your neighbors (and staring at their food)* Noisy - one table for 2 right inside the entrance looked like it might provide a slightly more intimate setting* I know this restaurant has been open for quite some time, but it had that still-working-out-the-kinks feeling. (See above regarding signage, lights).* Bathroom needs an upgrade. Cool artsy mirror on the wall, but it would be more appropriate decor for a tapas restaurant in the Mission than an upscale French restaurant. And the tinfoil covering the rusty (?) sink pipes? Huh? Didn't leave a good last impression before we left.
Cute little place with yummy food and you can't beat their early bird 3 course special :-)Been here few times and tried the early bird once. Everything from the bread and soft butter to the main food portions were delicious. Portions were a generous.Location @ the beginning of Clement near CalPacific Medical center makes it easy to catch either the #1, #38, #2 buses. Also, you could walk to either California or Geary to catch a cab too.Will definitely be returning again soon.
I had high expectations with Chapeau!, but I was not that blown away. I think the atmosphere was just off that night. Yes, it was. Chez Papa (Potrero) is greater than Chapeau! Go to Chez Papa for the Filet Mignon. It truly is out of this world amazing! I did love Chapeau!'s Blueberry tart I had for dessert. Light, airy, and just what I imagine heaven to taste like. Good thing I'm an angel since I can't imagine this is offered to everyone without holy wings. I was stuffed beyond comprehension and still could not resist this tiny, but rich treat.
Me and the lady had dinner at Chapeau for my 26th birthday, wow I'm 26. Originally wanted to get reservations for Danko, but it was too late. Settled on Chapeau and did not regret it one bit. We were the first there with our early reservations, Wicked was at 8, so we had the restaurant to ourself. Compact, like most in Frisco, but enough room to be comfortable. Soft lighting, quaint, and not too loud, great for a nice dinner. Chef greeted us personally, a nice little touch restaurants often overlook.Okay, on with the food. Appetizer was foie gras was delicious, served with microgreens, apple crisps, and cider glaze. Fatty but melt in your mouth delicious. We cleaned the plate. The warm bread is lightly toasted before reaching the table, and you can appreciate good bread.  Although a small menu, the quality over quantity. Do 7 things and do the damn well an old man once said. I had the filet mignon, and I NEVER order steaks unless at a steakhouse, but the lady swayed me into it. HANDS DOWN, BEST piece of steak I've had in my life. Medium rare, cooked to perfection, all the juices locked in. Served with diced potatoes, perfectly seasoned with a nice bite but not mush in the middle. Its the little details that enhance the meal so much more. Dont ever overlook the potatoes. The accompanying oyster mushrooms and au jous were also perfect. PERFECT!!! The steak deserves a page, but i'll stop there.My girlfriend ordered Wild Caught Skate Wing in a brown Butter, Fingerling Potato Sauce Grenobloise/ Mache. Its like fish in a lemon, caper, butter sauce but a great change for the taste buds. She loved her fish as did I. It was a great contrast to the steak, and we like to share our food, so it was nice mix. The skate wing is tender and moist, much like striper meat. Again, the potatoes were delicious. For dessert, we had warm chocolate cake with banana flambe and caramel sauce. Light and very gooey. Very good, nothing crazy, but good. I wouldn't mind trying the napoleon, that sounded good too!Service, trust the yelpers, service is impeccable. I am a sucker for water, and my water was never empty. A big plus was we got a refill on bread without asking, that never happens. Owner is on site, so she makes sure service and food is always on par. Again, little details make a the dining experience so much better.Okay, it gets better. The final damage, with two half glasses of wine, 2 entrees, appetizer, dessert, all under 100.00 dollars. Hell no. Thats not right. Food, service, ambiance, under a 100.00? I dare you to find better. CHAPEAU IS A MUST!!!
Chapeau means hat, no wonder there were all these hats on the table when we arrived for the patrons that were paying. The bill was within the hats! :) And Chapeau with ! means wow in French! :) I was just reading their notes in the menu.....So we arrived at 8:25 for our 8:30pm reservation. We were greeted by the chef/proprietor Philippe warmly with a handshake and hug. He told us we'll be seated in a few minutes. Many minutes later, we were still waiting for our table. We were seated close to about 9pm and by then I was starving and feeling lethargic. We requested for water to start with but that took awhile to be served, Yup, the place was bustling and busy at 9pm! It was jam packed to the brim with waiters constantly brushing by us to get to the tables next to us. We were served the warm toasted baguette to start off and it was delicious, I love warm bread! The amuse bouche was chilled melon soup and it tasted like dessert, soooooooooo good! I was debating between the Filet Mignon and the pork chop and the server suggested the Filet and boy, was I grateful for that selection! It was so tender, soft and just flavorful with mushrooms and potato pieces! Hmm mmm mmm.....bf had the rabbit leg which was equally tender and juicy! For dessert, we were again in a dilemma whether to pick the Apple Grand Tart Mere or the fruits with pastry puff, the owner's wife, Ellen said her favorite is the apple tart! Boy, did we enjoy it so much...it came with a side of chestnut sauce and hazelnut icecream! She also gave us a sorbet trio (free dessert!!!) Such a lovely lady! We thoroughly enjoyed the food but I really hate waiting and the service was somewhat spotty since they were so busy but we noticed that they had a lot of servers and bus boys. Yup and the decor is somewhat cheesy and there was a constant and disturbing flickering of the lights throughout the entire meal.
One of the best french restaurants in bay area! everything you try here is awesome. it has a nice and friendly staff. the ambiance is average. it's an older building and it seems to me the place has been there for a while. The owner is usually present and be ready to be hugged or kissed by him at the end of the night :)
Consistently good! Been here 4x now and have always had a very good experience! We always do Menu #2 for about $46 prix fixe and the pay extra $$$ for oysters and foie gras (banned at end of June). Tonight, our group,of 4 were voracious. In addition to 4 of the Menu #2s, we ordered entrees of both the foie gras and veal sweetbreads to share! Good decision as there was just enough for all to avoid an all-out brawl for the scrumptious bites! We had both cocktails and 2 bottles of wine (a Pinot and a Chard) and had a blast! The 2 shortcoming that discouraged 5 stars were that we had to ask for refills of both water and their amazing bread. Also, the foie gras entree for sharing could have been slightly bigger...at least 4 oz for $26. Still, love this place for consistently good food and overall experience! Tops for both value and quality at a French fine dining experience! Thumbs up!
Very French yet very San Francisco. Very good food. Excellent pork roast. Good cassoulet, Great Staff and Chef/Owner. We'll be back.
Went there on June 28th and July 11thlike the food! not the best I have ever had, but should be on top of my life....always crowed and loud, may not be the best first date or romantic dinner place OH BUT THEY DO HAVE TABLES IN THE BACK! the dessert wasn't super good but the chef comes out say HI to everyone-like that! I will back back for some good wine and duck breast again soon~
Best french restaurant, possibly one of the best restaurants period in SF
This is a sincere European-style restaurant. They make you feel like family from start to finish; they never rush you; they want you to enjoy and savor each and every bite. If Chapeau will give you anything, it's sincerity and an incredible atmosphere. Now on to the food: the four of us all ordered the prix fixe menus. The dudes got the 4-course and the ladies went with the 3-course. I personally got the vegetarian prix fixe because you can't lose with veggie food (not a fan of meat). My meal was incredible. It started with the warmed brie, which included lots of yummy things under warm melted brie. It was sosososo good. My entree included many grains, veggies, fruits, and a yummy curry sauce. What a beautiful blend of foods. Everyone else ordered the fish, the duck, and other stuff. My friend ordered the flounder. Her issue was the smelly mussels that came along with them. They smelled rank and she couldn't eat with them on her plate, but they immediately removed them and replated her food. My husband liked his porcini crusted veal sweetbreads, tasting fish (scallop on pesto and lobster sauce), and duck breast. Although all were good, he said none of it was amazing. Dessert was great. I would recommend my husband's choice of the chocolate cake over my french toast choice. The french toast tasted exactly like my homemade version, so I was kinda kicking myself for ordering it. Tasty, yes. Unique, no. The chocolate cake was killer. Prices were reasonable for a French restaurant, especially with the amount of flexibility you're given with the prix fixe menu. We came out of here with the menus + corkage fee ($18) for about $50 each not including tip. Not bad, considering the quality, selection, and atmosphere. What IS amazing in this place is Phillipe. He lives here, which makes you feel like you are coming into his living room. In fact, he was sitting around with some French friends talking soccer (I think, my French is limited) at the table next to ours. They were eating the same food we were and we felt so at home. He waited until we were leaving and gave both the ladies a French goodbye (kiss, kiss!)... so sweet!
5 stars, HANDS DOWNS .Introduction:We were greeted by the chef himself as we walked through the door. We were about half an hour early so he asked us to wait at the bar. I am not a wine connoisseur but the bar tender recommended a great pinot noir that goes well with almost any dinner.Ambiance:The decor and logo looks like it came from the 80's. I am only saying this because I am a designer. The decibel level was louder than your average french bistro. That is fine by me, that is a good sign this place is not pretentious, and it is not. Continue: While we were waiting at the bar for a table, the chef assured us that we were not forgotten. The restaurant looked a bit crowed but we saw a table by the bar next to the window. We asked if it was possible, DONE!! The bar tender insisted that she carried our drinks to the table and would not let me carry it.The Meal:The waitress brought out a complement cauliflower soup. A nice introduction to what is to come.We went with pre fixe. I had the escargot and my girlfriend had the trio of salmon. I have never seen her smile like that before. For the main course, I had the Cassoulet de Toulouse and she had I forgot what kind of fish. They both were solid dishes. Dessert, she had the Basil Napoleon and I had something that was debut that day. Mine was mos def SOLID!!!Service:It was excellent from the moment we walked in and through out dinner. We felt pampered knowing there were other patrons. The chef came by a couple of time during dinner to check up on us. He greeted us on our way out and gave my gf and kisses on both cheeks.Gripe: This has nothing to do with the restaurant. The experience would have been perfect if there weren't 2 drunk girls at the bar next to us being loud the duration of our dinner. They were drinking we came in and still drinking when we left. Class, I guess you can't buy it.
Small place, so you'll rub elbows with neighbors. But the food is really good. I have had a lot of French food, and took a break for a while. This was a great way to come back to it. Champagne, oysters, prime rib for two with sauces and sides, served with a delicious marrow-filled bone, all with French flair but not at all pretentious. Great service from the husband-and-wife (I think) team in the dining room, generous pours if you choose to drink wine by the glass, and overall an excellent night.Take a chance on the menu additions/specials, because I think they are worth the extra charge. Please go to Chapeau and enjoy yourself. We did!
It took 2 hours to stop feeling full, and I am now able to talk about the meal. First, let me clarify: Chapeau! has moved from Clement & 18th to Clement & 3rd. They merged into their former Clementine location. This is now the sole location for Chapeau! The signs have not yet been changed. The chef is the same and still comes out to personally greet each guest. The nicest Frenchman I've ever met. This is not nouvelle cuisine. The portions are hearty and appropriate, based on the dish, and the ingredients are classically French. Being a Thursday, we enjoyed the Early Bird Prix Fixe menu at $28/pp. We ordered: Rabbit pate with stewed prunes and grain mustard (special) Escargot in garlic butter Mescal salad with breaded brie ! Foie Gras (not part of the Prix Fixe) ! Pork Tenderloin Cassoulet, avec duck leg, white beans, sausage, shredded lamb ! French Toast avec Hazelnut gelato and caramel sauce Creme brule Napoleon avec kiwi, banana, strawberry, mango, basil-infused pastry cream ! Decaf coffee (very good) White Tea (very good) Thoughts on the food: It was all very good. I am not used to eating very rich food, so it was a lot to take in at once, but being a trained chef, I appreciate the quality, and the skill with which it was prepared. We also tried dishes we normally wouldn't eat. I had always wanted to try snails. Not as creepy as I feared. These were not in shells, and sizzled in lots of butter & garlic. The texture was like a smoked oyster or soft mussel. The rabbit pate was a formed serving of shredded rabbit with some seasonings and ?walnuts?. The portion was quite large, and since it's eaten with bread, very filling. I only ate half. I might have enjoyed the foie gras more had I been able to drink a Sauternes with it, but alas, the migraine would not allow it. Auntie had the Pork. Mama & I each had a Cassoulet, which were excellent. The duck leg was fantastic - so moist, and the beans were perfect. The portion didn't look huge, but is so hearty that I could eat it 3 times. In fact, on a chilly night, just that and a glass of wine would be more than enough. I don't usually get dessert, but it was part of the "deal-i-o" so... The French toast (why don't they just call it 'toast' here?) was a thick slice of fried brioche sitting in a pool of caramel creme anglaise, with a scoop of hazelnut gelato on top. The toast was a bit heavy for me, but the ice cream had a very deeply toasted hazelnut flavor and a dense, velvety texture. I could lock myself in a room with a tub of that stuff, let me tell you. I had a brief moment of panic when the dessert was brought out avec lit candle, but praise Allah, they did not sing. The service was excellent, but in my opinion, a little overzealous. I don't need my water refilled when it's 2/3rd's full. The tables are pretty close together and refills=waiter arms in your face/halted conversation.The servers are very polite and patient. Don't be afraid to ask for a doggie bag. It's a nice place, but no need to waste food to save face.
I don't need to go into every detail of why this place gets five stars. Even if everything else was horrible (which it most certainly was not) the french toast dessert makes up for it.A lovely slice of soft french toast drizzled with caramel, topped with hazelnut ice cream surrounded by a heavenly vanilla scented creme anglaise.I wish I had room to eat two.My bacon wrapped pork was pretty tasty too!I shook hands with the Chef three times. That was amusing. Either he had too much to drink or I did.
A very lovely birthday dinner, and a great deal, too, with the early bird special ($28). I began with Mesclun Salad with Creme Dijonnaise/Red Seedless Grapes/ Pistachio/ Fried Camenbert & Walnut Bread, then had Louisiana Gulf Wild Flounder, Mashed Potatoes/ Braised Leeks/ Roasted Tomatoes/Mussels-Saffron Sauce and finished with the Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brule. We also drank some fantastic Pinot Noir.  To top it all off, we were treated to a complimentary apperatif of anchovies and herbed potatoes over a balsamic reduction and the chef came out to greet us. Merci, Chapeau!
DELICIOUS!!!Love this place!! would dine here every night if I was the queen of San Francisco! keep it up!!!XOXO
If this isn't's as good as good food gets then I don't know what is. I was taken here for my birthday on a stormy San Francisco Summer night, and was greeted by the owner and chef, Phillip. That was a great first impression! After quickly surveying the restaurant, I realized that the colors of the place and the decor all made the place so homey and comfortable looking. For appetizers we choose the trio of salmon and a salde. Both where full of fish flavor, alot of smoked fish flavor to be exact which turned out great. Next I choose the Filet Mignon which was one of the best tasting Filet's I have ever tried. It had this creamy sort of sauce,with plump mushrooms and little pieces of potato. My date got the rabbit legs which unfortunately is the reason I had to minus a star. The meat had way too much pepper on it, and it completely ruined her plate. Maybe Phillip should have been the one doing the cooking instead?? Both deserts, the chocolate rum cake with ice cream and the French toast where a great way to end a beautiful experience.The owner ends every night with kissing the woman on the cheek and shacking the man's hand. He enthusiastic about this exact procedure that he had to chase a couple who missed his radar and made it out door. Great experience, I will definitely be back.
FYI- Chapeau has moved, i think they merged with their sister restaurant Clementine at 126 Clement between 2nd and 3rd ave.The prices are great, the service is wonderful, and the food is even better!! I've been here about 6-8 times and haven't been disappointed yet. Prices-They have great pre set menus for really cheap, $28 before 6. $39 bucks after 6. And this is for top notch food. Plus a really nice wine selection. Service- Can't get any better, they don't rush you. You can take your time and enjoy a nice meal for hours. Very attentive and friendly. The chef comes out often to check on everybody dining. Food- I've had most of the entrees here(although they do change the menu often) and I've like all of them. The Fish, the pork shoulder, the cheese, tuna tartar, trio of salmon, Duck, chocolate molten cake, and THE OYSTERS are my favorites! So fresh! Just had the Skate Wing on Friday Oct 16....AMAZING!!! Super flaky and cooked perfectly. The corn soup was nice as well. This is the perfect place to bring a date, parents, friends, yourself, just about anybody. From start to finish it's a memorable meal!
I was going to give this restaurant 4 stars because I wasn't too impressed by the seafood entrees that my friend and I ordered (skate/snapper) but the fact that the HEAD CHEF greeted my friend and I at the beginning of dinner and at the END. Who does that?! I'm a firm believer in the subtle touch. If you can manage to greet and say goodbye to all your guests in a trendy hip happenin restaurant, you earn Jon's coveted 5 star rating. Besides the fact that when I first sat down, in the middle of a bustling Chinatown, I half thought I sat at the wrong restaurant because of the sheer number of Asians in this French restaurant. But sure enough the waiter's thick French accent was the real deal. Don't ask me what he said, I spent two hours trying to figure out what he was talking about. I've been to France and only learned one phrase which was Pardon Miseour... I forgot the rest. something with the check. Anyways on to the food! The presentation and quality of food served was beyond my expectation. And the dessert was freakin awesome. The negatives and there are negatives. Is that my friend and I were running late and I called ahead to reschedule however the hostess was unable to make changes to our reservation. But when I arrived, there were freakin WALK-INS?!?! Umm o hell no! Really honesty is important. Like I said, I'd give this place four stars but I like the fact that the head chef was so personable. Props!
My dinner here a few nights ago made me very, very sad. We'd previously eaten here with friends and had one of the best (albeit most expensive) meals I've had in SF. With that excellent experience in mind, I was excited to see Chapeau on the Dine About Town list. We've been trying to save money of late so this was a bit of a splurge, but I figured it would be worth it to replicate that initial experience. Sadly, this one did not measure up. The cauliflower soup was incredible, but it went downhill from there. The salad had too much dressing and the ingredients didn't blend. My husband was unimpressed with his salmon appetizer. But perhaps the biggest disappointment was the entrees. My pork literally had no flavor. How you can wrap something in bacon without imparting any flavor, I don't know, but it was incredibly bland. My husband said his skatewing had a strange texture and was also lacking in flavor. Both the dishes had excellent sauces but they couldn't quite compensate for the poor quality mains. The profiteroles were excellent, but couldn't redeem the disappointing remainder of the meal. The service was also slow (albeit friendly) and the room was loud and freezing.We left very disappointed. I can only assume that they skimp on the quality of the ingredients for DAT, which is unfortunate given that it isn't even *that* cheap. I'll probably go back, but never again through DAT, and I'll stick with the steak.
The new location is awesome and the food is the best of the best for French cuisine lovers. Not to mention that all waiters and the owner himself are absolutely exquisite people who really know how to make you feel comfortable. Overall this is one of my all time favorite places.
Let me start by saying I really wanted to this to be a great experience and a special night for our 4th anniversary. My husband and I are both foodies, have eaten several times in Paris, and have eaten at our share of 4 star restaurants in SF. The reviews for this place led me to think I could not be disappointed - well Yelp, you let me down.From the moment we entered the door and were whisked to our table.... I had a weird feeling. Surely, we could have been offered the opportunity for a drink at the charming bar? Nope, straight to the table where we were handed menus by the waiter and ordered drinks. That was the last experience with our waiter for 25 minutes. In the meantime, this waiter seated tables to our right and left- got them drinks and bread. My husband and I both tried to make eye contact but this went unnoticed. My husband stood up and asked the waiter if we could be assisted and the waiter went for full stop arrogance. He walks away and is giving me (the wife) dirty looks and continues to talk about us and looking at us all the way to the bar. I wanted to leave. My husband could see all of this in the tacky 1970s mirror they have all around this restaurant and was fit to be tied. He went up to the bar and asked the waiter what the problem was?? The chef/owner was now at the bar-saw the commotion and offered us a new waiter. WTF??? We order and new waiter is fine. Our first waiter is continuing the dirty looks and it was just plain ridiculous and not to mention so unprofessional. Don't be mistaken- there is zero ambiance in this place. There are bad lights and mirrors but there is nothing Parisian about this place. The owner chef comes around and thanks you for coming to his restaurant which I thought was odd but perhaps he is trying to make up for the arrogant waiter. Thumbs down- uninteresting food, wine was fab but they can't take credit for that. Enjoy your French elsewhere- we certainly will. Tant pis Chapeau!
Dishes were well-executed and delicious but quality of service was lacking. It vacillated from neglectful to half-assed. We were waived to our table, had to remind the waiter of an order, and despite having reservations, ended up waiting 30 minutes at the bar.
Perfect date spot, for one.Similarly to my experience at L'Ardoise Bistro last week, i had a great starter (escargot over a potato/shallot/garlic salad), great entree (perfectly cooked and portioned duck breast with a delicious polenta and apples), and an amazing dessert (basil napoleon in this incredible champagne-kiwi sauce). Delicious bread, too.Very attentive and very friendly. Great service, the type that folds your napkin on your lap for you when you enter, and is constantly changing your dishes and silverware throughout the meal with flawless execution. Another restaurant where it's fun to look at everything that gets brought out of the kitchen not just for the "ooh that looks delicious" aspect, but because everything is so gorgeous to look at; the food is just another piece of art here in addition to the beautiful art on the walls.Chapeau! (which means, hat, which you get your bill served in)Definitely come for the early bird prix fixe if you want the best deal
So my husband and I were treated to Chapeau! by some friends. We got the 3 course pre-fix meal. The service was good and overall the meal was ok. I started off with the Escargot de Bourgogne in Butter-Parsley & Garlic Sauce. The dish was too salty for my taste and the butterpparsley and garlic sauce was kinda bitter. I remember someone getting the Deep Fried Black Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo Dough which I tried and was very good. For my main entree, I got the Muscovy Duck Leg which consisted of "Facon Canard a l'Orange," Gratin Dauphinois, and Braised Napa Cabbage. The sauce was good but my duck leg was cooked for too long that it was dry and hard to swallow. Someone got the fish which was good. My husband got the Cassoulet de Toulouse. This was a really big portion but he enjoyed it. Dessert: I got the french toast. This was amazingly delicious and the part of my meal that I truly enjoyed and savored. I could have done without the stuff leading to it. I am not sure if I am being mean since my husband enjoyed his meal. But since I am rating on my meal and I feel that of the 3 courses, I only enjoyed the dessert, I can't really give the place that good of a rating.
O Man this place is good. I came here a while ago after spending the day in San Francisco and this place was the perfect way to end the day. Service was prompt and got there just in time for an early type of special fixed menu.Flavors were great and price was reasonable for what you are getting. My tuna (or salmon, I forgot) tartare was especially exceptional. I definitely need to come back to this place and try more from their menu. Parking is hard as it is in most places in San Francisco.
My husband and I loved to eat at this restaurant, he discover this place at "The Michelin Guide". The staff are very friendly, the chef go to each table just to say thank you for coming and his wife is very friendly. My husband is an Executive Chef of a senior retirement homes, he doesn't care how much the price of the food, he cares about the value of what we are paying and of course atmosphere of the restaurant. This restaurant has the Bib Gourmand rating in "The Michelin Guide". One of my favorite appetizers which they dont served it anymore because it is ban in California is the Foie Gras.
wow, this place was so good! the foie gras was particularly declicious! I had the filet mignon and that was cooked to perfection! went with some cousins and because i didnt pay for it, made the meal even better!
Went here for a birthday some time ago. Food here is amazing, the staff is extremely nice and friend. They also have french waiters. Definitely come here if you want to impress a date or get some good french food.
My fav restaurant in SF! Amazing food and service! No further words needed!
Breaks my heart to do this but I gotta dock a star.Came here the other night and much like the new 90210 compared to the old 90210, it just isn't the same as before.Oh Dylan, you were the coolest 33 year old high school student around.The service was, as usual, right on. The food is still good but compared to some of my other 5 star reviews recently, it just didn't hold up. We had the duck and the cod and while the duck was decent, the cod just didn't hold up. Chapeau is still a favorite of mine and as before, won't destroy your credit when you want to splurge a bit on a good meal.Changes.
If I was to rate this place on food alone, I'd give it the maximum number of stars, no question. Everything that I had to eat (not to mention everything my boyfriend and parents had, for that matter) was utterly delicious in every way. Appetizers: I had the mesclun salad to start (delicious, and quite large--I'd recommend sharing this to make sure you have room for many more courses). I also tried the bf's salad with duck--possibly even better than the mesclun salad; but really, we're splitting hairs here. Fish Tasting Course: Next we were given a complimentary fish tasting course (reason to follow). I had the prawn; and frankly, if a tiny shellfish were ever pure poetry, this one was a Shakespearean sonnet. I can't even describe the utter perfection of these few bites. The rest of the table had the scallop (which, since I'm allergic, I'm sad to say I didn't try). Entree: I had the filet mignon entree--a perfectly cooked cut of red meat. That's really all you need to know (because, what beats that?). I also tried the bf's poussin (aka small chicken) which was maybe the best chicken I have ever had the pleasure of eating. Dessert: For dessert we had the french toast (delish), warm chocolate cake (likewise), lemon tart (perfect if you like lemon), and banana panna cotta (not my thing, but it was free).Now, why only 4 stars when the food was such a magnificent experience? The service perhaps? No, no, the service was delightful--attentive, not overbearing. The chef was overly generous and congenial with everyone in the restaurant as well (this + the food is reason enough to go). However, one star down because my party of 4 was seated a whopping 45 minutes after arriving on time for our 8:30pm reservation (yes, reservation). I understand waiting 15-20 minutes, but 45? And, to top it off, two parties of 5--both of which arrived after us (one of which had an 8:45pm reservation) were seated before us. Tsk tsk. Other than the delay, everything was amazing, amazing, amazing. I will sing the praises of this culinary adventure for months, if not years, I'm sure.
Chapeau!Chapeau! is the perfect example of a place that simply exudes fabulous customer service. From the beginning to the end of your meal the maitre de, waiters, and even the head chef do their best to treat you to a memorable dining experience. I'll never forget leaving the restaurant with my girlfriend only to turn around a few minutes later to see the chef running down the side walk just to thank us for our patronage and wish us a nice night! Oh and the food is delicious too.I have one forewarning; you absolutely need to make a reservation. We tried going here without a reservation and every table was booked for the rest of the night. We'd have to postpone eating at Chapeau! another week. Well we finally made the reservation and made it out to Chapeau! and it was nothing less than a fabulous experience. The maitre de sat us promptly and the recited the delicious specials of the day. The waiters were attentive and the head chef even came out to introduce himself to us and give us his personal recommendations. Before we even ordered, we were served a Demy cup of Cauliflower bisque which was a nice and unexpected treat. It tasted creamy and delicious.We noticed most of the tables had ordered French Onion soup, so we decided to follow suit. When the soup arrived it seemed overflowing with cheese and it tasted wonderful. I'm a huge fan a strong cheese and the Chapeau! provolone seemed especially sharp. Melted over piping hot soup and baguette, I was hooked. The Demy Cup of Cauliflower bisque, French Onion soup, and amazing service were alone enough for me to give this place a five star review. We ended up ordering two seafood dishes which were typical of fancy restaurant. They were made with care and effort, and served with a nice presentation. I can't go into much detail about them because I couldn't get over my French Onion soup.On our way out, we were half was down the block when we heard somebody calling for us. We turned around to see the head chef running down the sidewalk to shake my hand, give my girlfriend a kiss on the cheek and to thank us for coming to Chapeau! We had a wonderful experience at this restaurant. Not only was the food fantastic, we truly enjoyed the politeness and attentiveness all the employees displayed to ensure we had a great dinner date.
SERVICE: impeccable, courteous, attentive -- although our waiter became less so as the place became more crowded...poor guy was super busy. The friendly and suave chef came out to greet every patron - love it when they take the time do that!AMBIANCE: in the middle of renovating. The area where we sat was being re-painted so it looked a bit raw, but the staff apologized repeatedly for it. Honestly, we didn't care....as long as the food was up to par. It's a casual yet refined space overall. FOOD: Truly delicious! So much pride in every detail. Totally authentic French. But for once, I didn't feel the need to go for a 5-mile run after gorging myself on buttery French fare, because our meal was NOT heavy nor overwhelmingly buttery. I had the trio of salmon for my appetizer, mussels and frites for entree, and basil napoleon (like an elegant fruit salad with crispy pastry rounds). All 3 were strong, perfect....and since we were there early at 5:30, we were able to have it all for only $28! Their early bird prix fixe! Highly recommended.Overall: we WILL be back -- again and again. This is truly a neighborhood gem, staffed by genteel and knowledgeable servers, with expertly prepared courses and that casual yet upscale neighborhood ambiance. If I HAD to come up with a complaint, it would be the music, which was turned up very loud. We got there early so it was still quiet, and the old French jazz standards were nice but just turned up too loud for my ears. When the place packed up with fellow diners, however, it was fine. :-)Thank you, Chapeau, for a wonderful night out!!! We can't wait to come back!
You just can't go wrong with Chapeau!The food is always solid. The service is professionally friendly. And the wine list is both eclectic and affordable. There is no restaurant I am more confident in the positive experience I will have than Chapeau!
This was amazing. I haven't been so happy in a restaurant for a long time. Everything we had was a dream in your mouth. Salade Landaise with duck and fois gras to start, that was great. Prime rib was to die for; a touch drier than I might like but that's what happens when you braise to get that fantastic flavour. And it even came with the bone and marrow with a little spoon; very nice touch.The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the tasting fish; the sauce was too rich and the butter and cream were obscuring the flavours of the scallop. But everything else, I couldn't believe how tasty it was. Even the bread and butter to start were top knotch. You know it's the real deal when they care enough to provide first rate butter at exactly the right firmness (temperature) along with fresh, tasty bread that is crispy on the outside and moist on the inside and not too hard or dried out.Service was also fantastic, very friendly and helpful wait staff but not pushy or in your face. Chef came out to talk to us a few times too, which was nice.It's not cheap and you need to make a reservation a bit in advance, but for a special occasion, this is the place to go.
(3 - 31/2 stars) The food: 4 stars Oysters -okay, but a bit fishy (I had symptoms of food poisening 24 hours later, but the person I was dining with was fine--so not sure what that was all about considering the only thing I had the next day was Jamba Juice and a Bagel)Foi Gras - good but not the best I've had. Too jello-y for me. (I prefer the actual cooked liver over the pates and gelatinous mouse forms, and I thought it would be the former) Tasted better when I put it on the table bread instead of the crostinis it came with. Also, the herbs that accompany it should be eaten in the same bite. French onion soup - delicious, thick and hearty, cheese was tastyFilet - was AMAZING! Absolutely my favorite! Cooked perfectly and the sauce was absolutely delicious. This is a must try! (5 stars)The lamb - I didn't love it, but I'm also not a lamb lover. It was a tad bit gamey and the sauce was not nearly as spectacular as the one that came with my filet. The person who ordered this agreed.French toast with hazelnut ice cream- YUM! Warm, soft, and just perfect!Profiteroles - YUUUUM! These were delicious; cream was not too sweet. I couldn't decide which dessert I liked better.Wine was good, but I don't remember what we had. Ambiance: 2This place is definitely more about the food. The place (carpet, tables/chairs, decor ) was a bit outdated and the restroom was not as clean as I like. I had a couple of drinks before we got to the restaurant and I had to use the restroom after my appetizer, and it was a bit unpleasant to have that change of scenery.
I was very excited to try Chapeau since its practically being worshipped here on yelp. I read about an Early Bird prix fixe menu, briefly mentioned on several reviews. Specials?! I'm so there. We booked a dinner reservation at 5:30pm. Here's the 411--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Chapeau! Early Bird -available from 5 to 6pm everyday (except Fri & Sat) -only $25.50, that's cheaper than Dine About Town! -here's a sample menu since it mentioned "changes every two weeks"Appetizers: Spinach Salad, Veloute of Parsnip, Grilled Escargots, or Duo of Salmon Entrees: Prince Edward Island Mussels, Pan Seared Atlantic Salmon, Duck Breast Medallion, or Cassoulet de Toulusse Desserts: Red Wine Soup, Creme Brulee, Basil Napoleon, or Profiterolles --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This was a steal for the quality of food, the amazing presentation and attentive service. Everything we ate was beautiful AND delicious. Sometimes it's only one or the other but there was no compromise here. I chose:Duo of Salmon - gravlax wrapped around tartar with egg mimosa, fried capers, creme fraiche and micro herbs with lemon dressing. I LOVE salmon. I love it whether it's raw, cured, or cooked so this was the appetizer for me. The gravlax was perfect. The curing process brought out the flavors of the salmon wonderfully without it getting too salty. Tartar was solid. The dressing was creamy, not acidic which is how I prefer my dressing. The combination with the micro herbs, bits of eggs, and capers was just amazing in my mouth.Duck Breast Medallion - with sage polenta, pears & grapes and peppered duck sauce. I didn't think the knife they provided was sufficient but I will forgive them since they gave me another fabulous dish! The duck was succulent and came on top of the creamiest & dreamiest polenta I've ever had... The cooked fruit accents were wonderful. The pears had that grainy earthy texture and the flavor of its juices were intensified. The grapes were still firm and sweet as ever. Basil Napoleon - made with Maui pineapple, Manilla mango, banana, kiwi, strawberries, champagne-citrus pastry cream and feuille de brique (crisps). I usually don't go crazy over fruit based desserts because they always have the same flavors. But this dessert was on a level of its own! The fruits were finely diced and in perfect harmony with each other. The cream was light, flavorful and just heavenly. It was not overbearing and actually made the fruit taste better. A basil syrup was served with this dessert and even though it sounds strange, it worked! It was refreshingly sweet with only a hint of basil and mint. The crisps added another delicious contrast and completed this dessert. It was simply perfection!How did I get all this for $25.50? GO NOW. I'm out of words!
Finally made it to the much talked about Chapeau! And? I was underwhelmed. The cassoulet landed with a thud in my stomach and stayed with me for many hours after! Corn soup was a tad too sweet to be a non dessert soup. Daughter had the vegetarian option which she also was not too thrilled with. We opted for the foie gras add on which was nicely done. The nuage de noix was very good. Tart was way too doughy and somehow undercooked. We did so want to love this place - perhaps we went expecting too much.
Chapeau is my go to place for a VERY reasonable fine dining restaurant!Plate presentation is beautiful, the taste is there and the same meal would probably be at least 1/3rd more expensive downtown for the same thing. Also what I like is that you can really relax and enjoy yourself unlike a stuffy uptight place. Great place to come to, have a couple of drinks and have a great time!
My husband and I came here for dinner the night he proposed. It was fun for us to come back again for our anniversary. The food was magnificent.  The Salad Landaise was superb. Rack of lamb was delicious. Service was attentive and polite. I love everything about this restaurant, even down to the small dining space. The tables are set up to encourage socializing with your neighbors. It's high quality food in a non stuffy environment. I would eat this everyday if I could. Thank you Chapeau for a dining experience every time.
INCREDIBLE. Honestly, better food than Gordon Ramsay in London for so much cheaper. My boyfriend and I spent one night in the city last week and got a recommendation to go here after we tried, and failed, to get a table at Gary Danko. Same day reservations.. got a great table. My boyfriend is in culinary school, so whenever we travel we try the best that city has to offer and San Francisco outshone a lot. Great, intimate atmosphere with very attentive servers. He started with the mussel soup, said it was the best he'd ever had. The broth is to die for. I started with the Foie, which was very good. Served it with apples which I'd never had before. We got the seafood sampler menu so next came the most incredible scallop I could have ever imagined. Lobster bisque base, pesto risotto (what???? AMAZING!!!!), perfectly seared scallop, and some kind of tomato mixture. PURE HEAVEN. For entree he got duck breast with truffled polenta, which was great, and I ordered the lam shoulder with duck confit and cannelloni beans. The portion on mine was enormous, like nothing I'd ever seen at a French restaurant, and it was quite delicious. Finally for dessert he got the chocolate molten cake and I got the creme brulee. The waiter told us the cake would be an extra 15 minutes, but they had made an extra so it came out right away. Awesome!! Best brulee I'd had in a long time.. beautiful consistency, not too burnt, with vanilla bean on the bottom. Service was great and the owner/ head chef was walking around talking to people. Our server called us a cab at the end of our meal which was great. For both of us, with tax and tip, it was only $166... $334 cheaper the Gordon Ramsay.
Brought b's mom here last week who was visiting from out the country. She loved it, but for me it's starting to lose that oomph. Sweetbreads were just as lovely as last time. Basil Napoleon is still one of the most unique desserts I've ever tasted. Duck breast wasn't plated as nice, but undoubtedly remains the best yummiwise. My black cod seemed more like an Asian dish than French and that was slightly disappointing. His cassoulet was warm, hearty, and rich with slow cooked beans, duck, lamb sausage, and ham. She gushed over the smoothness of the creme brulee. I loved the new blueberry tart anglaise dessert on the menu -- wonderful. I'm not sure what it is, but Chapeau isn't what it used to be to me. Gone are the days when the Chef chased you down the street for kisses and thanks. Yes, his wife, who serves as hostess is still as lovely. Staff is super sweet and very efficient, but it's just not the same. It was his special touch that makes a good restaurant, great. I may check out how Clementine (didn't really enjoy last visit) is now, since he acquired the restaurant. If you haven't been here, without a doubt Chapeau serves up solid French fare and worth a visit. Seating is super cozy, so don't talk too loud unless you want your neighbor to know all of your bizness. Early bird and regular prix fixe are reasonably priced. Nice choice for visiting relatives, date night with friends, and even a romantic evening out.
Actually I would give it a 4 1/2. We had a wonderful meal here. The owner greeted us very warmly, opened our champagne and, at our departure, thanked us for coming with a handshake for me and a double cheek kiss for my wife.The food was delicious. Escargots in a chimichurri sauce, the crab avocado napoleon for starters. Entrees: bacon wrapped pork loin with mashed taters and shaved brussel sprouts, cassoulet (sausage, duck breast and lamb shoulder) with canellini beans; desserts: creme brulee and nuage de noix. Everything was well prepared, flavorful and fresh. We sat for three hours and enjoyed every every minute. I brought a champagne and ordered a bottle of their list, hence, no corkage fee.This was our anniversary dinner and it was very special.
This was the first time I had been to a fancy French restaurant. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and we got there when it opened so we could order off the special menu. The food had the most amazing flavors. Everything tasted freshly prepared and cooked using things like spices, butter, and cream to flavor instead of salt. We ordered a variety of things: duck, escargot, onion soup, lamb, warm brie, a berry ice cream, plus a few other side dishes. It was a lot of food, especially for the price. For drinks we ordered kir. Kir is amazing and you should try it if you haven't before. The waiter service was fantastic! They really know what they're talking about and are very willing to make sure you have everything you need or want.Since it's a bit pricey I would say it's more of a rare occasion or a special occasion. Great date restaurant, too!
Went to Chapeau! over labor day weekend with 4 other friends. The host and waiter and everyone in between were extremely friendly and attentive. At one point, I dropped my fork and literally seconds after it hit the ground, our waiter had another fork for me! Amazing.The food was exquisite. Luckily, my friends and I are very close so we almost did a family style dinner, where we just share a little taster of each of our dishes. My own Wild Flounder was very fresh and cooked perfectly. My bacon wrapped prawns were crispy the way I love it. Dessert was equally amazing, the French Toast and Sorbet were my favorite. If you want to play it safe the Creme brulee is always a certain win.Our dinner lasted about 3.5 hours, but it's the perfect setting to sit and eat great food and to catch up with friends you have not seen in awhile. I will definitely go again.A++++
The best service here and food is out of word!!
Chapeau was decent but I was certainly disappointed given the hype on Yelp and the price tag. I probably won't be back here.
Solid!I was greeted by the chef/owner at the door and upon departure with a kiss on both sides on my face. Who said the French aren't friendly...?My trio of Salmon as an appetizer was fabulous and I wanted to scrape off every morsel off the plate. Of course we got a nice amuse bouche before that, which I would have liked more of because it was soooo tasty. I got my cassoule with duck and sausage and I couldn't stop eating it!!! My meal was fabulous!The presentation of each dish was perfect and delicious. The staff knew their food and menu well.The place could be casual family place but really is more of a classy night out place. It is a cozy upscale dining experience. My only disappointment is that this place is not close to my home because if it was, I would dine there all the time. Yummy Chapeau!
I took my date here for her birthday. The total bill came out to about $90 before tip. We ordered 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 half-glasses of wine.GOOD:- The service here is excellent. Our waiter was very attentive and he opened the door for me and my date on our way out and shook our hands (I'm not sure if he was going to hug me or what).- The Filet Mignon was decent but nothing spectacular. The sauce  la Prigourdinewas very good that came with it. Sauces aside, I felt that the meat of the veal medalion was tastier than that of the filet mignon.- The Veal Medalion with Chanterelles in a Veal Reduction was very juicy and tender. The sauce was on the lighter side. I wish the veal medallion came with the sauce that was served with the filet mignon. JUST OK:- The Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads were good but like the filet mignon, it was because it came with a really good sauce. The sweetbreads were diced up into small cubes and then battered and fried, which ended up making the sweetbreads too crusty and fried because of the proportion of batter:sweetbread for each piece. BAD:- The parking in this area is TERRIBLE. I know parking sucks in SF but with the concentration of many restaurants in this 2-block radius, there is a huge demand for parking from diners. Give yourself an extra 10-minutes to find parking.- The escargot was very blah. It wasn't bad per se (because I love snails) but I definitely wouldn't get it again. It was probably canned snails (came shell-less) and were some of the smallest snails I have ever eaten. The standard butter-garlic sauce was fine but the whole dish seemed very unimpressive and I would have rather gotten a different appetizer that involved more skill and effort.CONCLUSION: A solid French restaurant with great service and moderate prices. Nothing really exceptional here but overall everything was in line with expectations.
We were drawn here by the gleaming yelp reviews, and decided to celebrate our anniversary dinner here on a Saturday night. We arrived on time for our reservation and were seated immediately. The corkage fee was reasonable at $18/bottle. For appetizers we had the escargots, tender but a bit salty, and the seared foie gras which was cooked perfectly (although I preferred it paired with caramelized pear than apple slices). For entree we both had the filet mignon, although mine was overdone they took it back without question and second time it was cooked perfectly. The sauce was excellent and we loved the potatoes a la landaise. Overall I was probably hoping too much for a "wow" factor, but everything tasted deliciously and well within my expectations.
Delicious and a great deal, but the tables are a bit tight. Foie gras and filet mignon FTW!
My previous review should just be removed entirely. Brief history (for those that care), Chapeau a few years ago was one of my favorite places in the city, a perennial top 5. Loved the food, the service, the atmosphere, and the fact that so many people do not know about this place (it just feels like "yours" if you do). Then they moved locations, while keeping the old one open, and the 3 star review I gave was for a night we went to the old location while Chef Philippe was not there. Color me shocked that having an amazing chef actually in the kitchen makes a difference.On to the new spot. There is definitely more space, though overall the space is still rather small and the tables are still packed in (get over it people). The decor is much better and very warm and inviting.One of the true joys of the old place was that Chef Philippe would always personally check on how your meal was. In fact, in one previous trip, we had missed him seeing us after the meal, and were a bit disappointed. We were a full block down the street to our car, when a screaming French mad-man came running down the street waving and yelling "wait!" (I'm not kidding - one of my all time most memorable restaurant experiences). He caught up to us panting, to thank us and ask how it was. The dude actually cares that you had a great time.Back to the new location, he is in the dining room much more than he used to be, which scared me slightly at first (who's watching my food!). This fear turned out to be unfounded as the food was fantastic.We were supposed to share apps, but consider me a greedy bastard when it came to his preparation of sweetbreads. Absolutely delicious and a must try. The escargot were great, the foie gras was delicious, and his french onion soup was stunning. And that is just the apps!The preparation of halibut, with leeks potatoes and a "mussel sauce" was outstanding. The fish was cooked perfectly. I can't really ask for more. Someone had the Filet, though it was clearly so good that this greedy person wolfed it all down, so I didn't even get to try it.The desserts were great as well. The chef recommended the "french toast". The lady bit, and I must say I was really blown away. With a caramel sauce surrounding it, and hazelnut ice cream on top, it was a real show-stopper.Overall: Fantastic! Can't wait to go back, and so glad my faith is restored!
Delicious meal. Each of us had the 3 course meals with some extras. Wife had fois gras twice, once as appetizer and once with her steak. We also had a "com vous voulez" of sweat breads. I had the pork tenderloin and son had the cassoulet. Service was great considering how crowded the restaurant was. The chef made frequent appearances and was very friendly. A special occasion place with fair prices.
Very tasty - Went with 10 people and got the three course meal. I had the Corn Soup with crab (Special), the Fillet with mushrooms and potatoes, and the Volcano Chocolate Cake - MMMMMMAll very tasty and reasonably priced, great staff, would love to visit again!
Now, that was much better!!!I tried these items,1. Fois Gras2. Escargot de Bourgogne in Butter-Parsley & Garlic Sauce3. Porcini Crusted Veal Sweetbreads with King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms/ Baby Carrots & Turnips/Truffle Sauce/ Fried Leeks/ White Truffle Oil4. Bacon Wrapped Natural Pork Tenderloin with Parsnip Puree/ Braised Green Swiss Chard/Apple-Calvados Sauce5. Cassoulet de Toulouse (Canellini Beans/ Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder/Duck Leg Confit/ Garlic & Toulouse Sausage)6. Warm Chocolate Cake (Banana Flambe/ Rum & Banana Ice Cream/Caramel Sauce)Everything was good, much to my relief, however, I expected more from the Cassoulet. I can't quite, figuratively , put my finger on it but I expected more out of the dish. I expected it to knock my proverbial socks off but to that end, I was slightly disappointed. That's life!I like the new location and its decor. It is the equivalence of a breath of fresh air compare to the old location with its dark ambiance and black curtain that deposited you seemingly in the middle of dining area upon entering. Chef Phillippe greeted guests at their table was a nice touch and much appreciated.=)
I never do reviews on Yelp, especially 5-star places...we're selfish and we want all the good, local places to ourselves. =) But we're moving out of the country and this was our last time at Chapeau! for some time, so whatever, time to spread the love.Where else can you get a Zagat-rated 27, 3-course prix fixe meal for $28? 'Nuff said. Go for the early bird.Food has already been reviewed plenty of times before (and it was sublime...such an amazing experience every time), but I have to give a plug for the French Toast dessert (a new one for us), which was incredible.A few observations:-Our first time in the new, bigger, space. The wait for food was a little longer than normal, but to be expected. Not a negative, more time to enjoy the wine.-Waiter listened to our wine preferences, recommended a wine that was not on the menu ($44) but turns out they were out (no wonder it wasn't on the menu), then recommended another wine that was excellent. Turns out it was $30...even better.-Philippe came out to say hi. We haven't seen him the last 2 times at the old Chapeau! location.-Water constantly topped up, napkins folded when you leave the table (I like that kind of attention to detail)-It also happened to be our 1 year wedding anniversary and they brought a dessert on the house. Nice touch.This is one of our favorite places for a nice celebratory meal. Food is always amazing. New space is nice. I also saw someone order the filet mignon (I think) where they slice it tableside...it looked amazing.
I love love love chapeau! The decor is very meh and the location is kind of in the middle of nowhere but the food is great and the price you pay for it is even better. You can eat and drink like a king for around $100 (that's for two people). So instead of wasting any more time reading this review, go make a reservation and be sure to order the oysters (the best I've had) and a bottle of Medoc (year 2003) and think of me. Bon apetitP.S. the hat that your check comes in is not a gift, you have to give it back.
YUM! GREAT! CHAPEAU!A great 3 course meal deal, for $38. Food was outstanding!...though the decor seemed a bit bland. (i.e. plain salmon-colored walls and deep brown carpet.) For a place with a sexy French hat logo, I expected something a bit more... Moulin Rouge, no? hahah ok ok, on with the food.Tomato bisque with crab cake: perfect consistency, warm roasted red pepper notes. (You'll love dipping a fresh baguette slice into it!) Duck breast: sublime medallions of almost-creamy duck meat, complemented with savory potatoes, off-set with warm sweet pear and bright grapes. Absolutely delicious.For dessert, I chose the Profiteroles (cream puffs with ice cream). A generous portion of 3 puffs, but the pastry could have been lighter. Oh, but the ice cream was phenomenal, creamy and strong vanilla bean flavor. :)BUT WAIT- my friend got the French Toast, which OMG...one bite will have you at its mercy! It's served swimming in a rich caramel maple sauce, and the bread slice is infused with sweet egg...it tasted like a melt-in-your-mouth egg tart. AH SOOOO GOOD!!You are mine next time. ;) (Yes, sometimes I talk to exquisite food inappropriately...is that not normal or something?)
You have to try this place out. They have wonderful service and food is great. Went with 3 other friends last weekend. We ordered different appetizers, entrees, and desserts so that each of us get to try little of everything. ALL 12 dishes were absolutely wonderful. We love their foie gras so much that we ordered the appetizers twice and 2 more add more slices our steak dishes. I recommended a few of my friends to try this restaurants. All of them came back with positive reviews. The best restaurant in SF!!!!
Da French. Surely, we can have a round table discussion about their stereotypes. Girls that don't shave, egotistical maniacs, and the list goes on.One thing that is far from debate, French food focus on quality over quantity. Hence, there are no French buffets.On a breezy Saturday, Chapeau sits quietly embedded between apartments in the Richmond district.Immediately upon entering, owner Ellen greats us with a big smile.  Her husband Philippe Gardelle is the chef. Hospitality plays a major role in the dining experience and her warm welcome is parallel to the cozy yet sharp ambiance.Onto the food,...French fare is all about core ingredients but cooked with different techniques.A few appetizers stand out. Succulent escargot presents an earthy tone served over quarter sized potatoes (a bit under cooked). Skip the oysters, they were small in size and the dressing made no splash.hint: I order food that makes the chef work. Meaning, order things you can not make at home and requires testing the chef's technique.Oyster with a few splashes of dressing, not too hard.The French onion is one of the best in the Bay Area. The full bodied soup displays sweet tones from tender onions along with a layer of cheese that did not over power the dish.All the while, close your eyes and immerse yourself in the ambiance. With soft color tone walls and service that is on key, the meal continued with grace. For the entree, duck meat cooked medium rare is fanned out bathing in a sweet and savory sauce. Another dish on point was the filet mignon, but nothing spectacular.  Blushing pink meat make up the rack of lamb with artichoke. We tried the 3 course menu and opted to choose two appetizers and one main course.For a table of four, the total cost including tip rounded out to $200.For my sister's birthday, Ellen (co-owner) graciously presented a crme brulee with a candle.By the time dessert had arrived, I was filled. Generous portions and rich sauces make up a heavy meal.When leaving, Ellen chased us down to thank us for coming.For an evening with someone special, you can't go wrong with Chapeau.Comment for owner: I would like to see more creative seafood entre courses. Lamb, beef, salmon tend to lack sizzle.My favories. {Gary Danko, Masa, Bistro LeZinc}
With no qualms about eating at 5 on a weekday, instead of a typical weekend date night, my hubby and I joined the hip geriatric crowd on a Wednesday night for the Early Bird Special, and ate an incredibly delectable three course meal for only $28 a person. What an amazing deal. I started off with the trio of salmon, which was mouth-watering. It came with salmon roe, which was a special treat. Robin had the escargot, which he devoured in minutes and sopped up with practically a whole baguettes worth of bread from the plentiful baskets continuously delivered to the table. Our main courses were the mussels which were drenched in a heavenly parsley, butter, and wine laden broth...mmmmmm, accompanied by and the most savory pommes frites and rouille. Also, the seared duck with saffron mashed potatoes. For dessert we had crme burlee, and a very creamy dish with roasted pistachios on top. It was to die for.The service was very attentive, the chef came out to greet us and gave us complimentary cauliflower soup, which was light and fresh. The atmosphere is cozy and tasteful. We will be back for sure to try the foie gras!
Better than ever; one dish is more amazing than the one before.The "French-Toast" dessert is a revelation.
We've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile, but it can be tough to get a reservation on the weekend.We ended up going during the week. This place completely lived up to the reviews! It's the best restaurant experience I've had in awhile.Although, it didn't start out that way.....When we were seated we didn't get menus, and no one came over for quite awhile. They asked for our drink order right away, but we hadn't seen the wine list yet.We were beginning to think it might be European-style service.Luckily, we were wrong! I think there was a confusion of who our server was. Once we got one though, it was all good.After our order was taken, things moved along well.The food was plated beautifully, and had amazing flavors. Most of the dishes were outstanding.To start ,I had the mussels and frites, (the small order.)They were probably the best mussels and frites I've ever had. The aioli that came with them for dipping was a great addition to the dish too.Both the mussels and frites were cooked perfectly. The flavors complimented each other well, and no one flavor was overwhelming.My entree was also pretty good, not as incredible as some of our other dishes, but still very tasty. I had the salmon with tomatoes, and mashed potatoes. (It has a fancier name, but that's what it was.)Once again, everything was cooked perfectly. The potatoes weren't overly creamy, which is a plus for me.For dessert i had the fruit napoleon. It was good, but in no way was it a napoleon. (The woman next to me commented on this too.One of the servers even said, "I don't know why he's calling it that.")It was more accurately, a "deconstructed napoleon."It consisted of: mango, pineapple, banana, strawberries, a little pastry cream, a few paper-thin pieces of filo (I think) and a basil sauce.I wasn't sure what to make of it first, it was very different than anything I've ever had, and not what I was expecting. Although, after a few bites, I was sold. It was the perfect ending to a near-perfect meal. It was light, and very refreshing.After the initial lag, the service was superb. Dishes were whisked away upon completion, and glasses were kept refilled.The chef was great too. He came around to all the tables, shook hands, and thanked people for coming in. When we were leaving, he held the door for us, and even kissed my cheek! He owns the place,does the cooking, and still makes time to meet his patrons. Pretty impressive, and not something you see very often.I loved this place, and will definitely be back. It may become our new restaurant to take visitors to.
We had a great time and an amazing dinner at Chapeau. The service is very friendly, with the chef/owner coming to the table to shake your hand and say hello. We even got a bisou on each cheek as we were leavoing -- so very French of them! I had the lamb chops with french lentils, which was excellent. My husband ordered a fish dish, which was equally delicious and very interesting. The server also gave us great wine pairings for our meals. Chapeau offers prix fixe as well, so it can be relatively affordable for a nice dinner ($38/person).We originally went to Chapeau when it used to be further west on Clement. Now it's in a more vibrant section of the street (where Clementine used to be), which makes it more fun to go to (not to mention closer to our house!)
My wife and I have been to Chapeau a few times. The food and services are consistently good.The early bird menu offers good value. The early bird menu includes many dishes in the regular menu.Would recommend this place to anyone who wants reliable quality for special occasions.
It took just one visit for me to love this place. Chapeau is an adorable french restaurant that yes, is tiny, as many yelpers have pointed out. But it's a non issue unless you're seated next to someone who doesn't know how to use their inside voice. I think the size makes for a more intimate setting. Service is spot on, attentive without being overbearing. And the food, well I was smiling with every bite I took (it really was that good). Prices are very affordable too, considering it's French food. They offer a 3 and 4 course menu which is a great value and allows you to sample their menu w/out breaking the bank. We started with the complimentary Aspargus soup - very tasty, and perfectly creamy. I had the smoked trout w/fingerling potato salad as my first course and this was so good. All the flavors and textures went together so well. Next was Mussels & Frites. Classic pairing and their take on it was delicious. Mussels were sweet and the broth was savory and seasoned well. Frites were thin and crisp and I really enjoyed the alioli.  Seared duck w/polenta and pear was my choice of entree and this was quite tasty. The pear gave the dish that perfect blend of tart against savory.  Dessert (vanilla bean creme brulee) was a bit lacking (couldn't tase the vanilla bean) but still enjoyable. Overall a wonderful dining experience. Ideal for 'date night' or an intimate dinner w/your girlfriends. I can't wait to come back or check out their sister restaurant Clementine.
...it means HAT!Now that we're done with that French lesson - on to the reason why this place has quickly become my favorite French restaurant. It use to be Clementine - Chapeau's sister restaurant, which Chapeau has knocked out of top place. It would have been awhile before I could have tried this place, but a good friend of mine took me and another friend out for our birthday. C'est tres bon!The food was the definite pull for me...I had menu 1 which consisted of appetizer, entree and dessert for $38! My oysters were super orgasmically delicious! I still remember the happiness that consumed me as I slurped all six down quickly...my filet mignon was cooked perfectly served on a bed of potatoes...for dessert, we decided to pool everything and share! Enjoyed every single one down to the last bite - chocolate molten lava cake, napoleon, creme brulee and apple tart!FYI: their bread is soooo good! ambiance was nice - decor could have been more impressive...but I definitely come back again...c'est la vie...
Great food. We started with the fresh oysters and mussel soup. The oysters were so good, we ordered another. The filet was pretty good. They already cut it for you. Overall great place to dine. We were there for our anniversary. The chef even came outside to say bye to us. Now which restaurant will have this kind of service? None.
Well, it's pretty much all been said before in the 1500 reviews. Yes- it's awesome! The atmosphere is as relaxed as I've ever seen a white tablecloth french spot be. The prices were reasonable and the food and service were fantastic. Hugs and kisses from the owner on the way out made me feel like I had been visiting family. Chapeau!!!
I'm in the process of becoming obsessed with French food, so maybe once i'm wholly obsessed this place won't merit 5 stars.HOWEVER, right now...this place is just spectacular, particularly considering the price. I think I had salmon in some sort of saffron broth. Holy shit was that good. MMM MMM MMM. I could rant on and on, but eh.
Overall good experience. Food. 4.5/5. Great and fillingDrinks. 3/5. Had jack and diet and for $9 ea they were very weak. Atmosphere. 4/5. Romantic but cramped. It felt like u were eating w the people next to u a ft apart!Being a tourist, the biggest problem was parking. There was none for three blocks! Almost gave up so frustrating. Tip - after 6 u don't have to pay meter - so don't miss the memo like we did :)
Just had a great meal here. I think this place used to be Clementine which we liked a lot. Fortunately Chapeau! seems to have continued the same tradition.We both ordered from the Early Bird Special menu, available 5pm - 6pm except Fri. & Sat. At $28 each, this seemed like a good deal. And once we saw the amount of food, it became a bargain! You might the expect the dishes to be ... trs petite at a French restaurant, but not here - I ate way too much, and even took home some leftovers.The Early Bird Special comes with an appetizer (I had a nice salad, the wife had escargots - "one of the best" she says), an entree (mussels - tasty, and a huge bowl of them, wife had cassoulet - "really really good, as good if not better than Bistro Jeanty in Yountville"), and a dessert (wife had napoleon - "liked it, nice, light dessert", while I had the French Toast - awesome! And huge!)The service was surprisingly good too. They were attentive and even added nice little touches like refolded my wife's napkin went she went to the restroom and pulled her chair back when she returned.The only pain is finding parking there - leave plenty of time for that. It was SuperBowl Sunday so it took us "only" 15 minutes to find a spot.Overall it was just a thoroughly enjoyable experience - Chapeau! is our current favorite French restaurant in the Bay Area.
This is less of a review and more of an apology to the chef. Back in 2005, as a high school senior, my prom crew decided to be classy and come here for dinner before the big dance (where I eventually dry humped my date to the beats of Lil Jon and Usher). Shoving the first bite of salad into my greedy mouth, the clusterfuck of flavors in the dressing became too intense for my inexperienced palate, causing me to involuntarily spit out my food. In front of the chef. My sincerest apologies. I would also like to apologize to the waiter for the following reasons: 1. Having to replace my napkin cloth every two seconds because I ate like a baby. and2. Having to replace my entree fork prematurely after I used it to eat my appetizer. (Why would I use the little fork when I can shove more food in my mouth with the big fork?)I had Salmon and peas for the entree and enjoyed the moist flavor of the fish. I'll come back here one day to try something else, and not completely embarrass myself in the process.
Outstanding...the food and service here rivals if not better than any restaurants we've dined in Paris. You cannot go wrong with any items on this menu. We were a party of three. We each ordered a different item for appetizers, entrees and deserts. Everything were delicious and prepared to perfection.A nice touch from the owner/chef who greeted all his guests at their table making everyone feels very welcome.The Early Bird menu is very reasonable and the selections are great. My college son is already thinking he can afford to take his girlfriend here for a special occasion.
Possibly the best French restaurant I've been to. We were a group of 4 and we all went for the "Create your own 3 Course Menu" and tried many different appies, entre's and desserts - they were all very good. Will definitely return the next time I'm in San Fran.
mmmmm this place is so good i would lick each of the plates cleanappetizer: - foie gras: special appetizer not on the menu. no matter what, get that! it's the best tasting dish i've had. it literally made me want to lick off every last bit. - salmon trio: also caught me by surprise. tho it's a small dish, the flavors are very intricateentree: - filet mignon with bone marrow: i'm not a huge meat person, so the filet mignon actually didn't mean too much to me, but the added bone marrow was amazing! it was cooked with just the right amount of butter and they give you a think flat spoon to scoop out the marrow. sooo good. - sting ray: the sting ray's pretty interesting texture and if you're up for something exotic try thisdessert: - baked alaskan: i actually didn't like this so much just because the cake inside the toasted marshmallow was way too alcoholic. - warm chocolate cake: if you're a chocolate lover, def try this because the inside of the cake is warm oozing chocolate and it's def very rich. overall, food here is amazing :)
Best French restaurant in SF! Five stars for everything--food, service, ambiance. Even though they are very booked they never rush you and let you linger over all their delicious food. Love that they have an amazing vegetarian entree (Vegetarian Napoleon) not just an an afterthought but right up there with the rest of the entrees. There were four of us, all with different orders, and all of us loved our food. Their Baked Alaska for dessert--yum. When we left the chef (owner?) kissed me twice on the cheeks and thanked me for coming. What a nice way to remember this restaurant.
5 stars service and the foie gras appetizer is so rich and delicious that I don't remember how the entree taste like.
Food here is absolute top-notch, at about a 25-30% lower price than what you'd expect for the quality. Also appreciated that the food was great while the ambiance was relaxed. While I gave it 5 stars, my "real" rating is a 4.5, with the only minor glitches being that the waiter could've been slightly more attentive (waited a little while to order and drink refills were on the slow side) and the bathrooms need to be remodeled to match the quality of the restaurant. I ordered the skate w/ the duck salad and baked alaska w/ a scallop seafood tasting. Skate and salad were awesome, dessert was OK but I'd suggest getting a different one...nothing overly special about it.
This a wonderful restaurant. The dining has a wonderful, warm feeling and service is spot on. On a foggy evening their cassoulet is just perfect. The wine list is great and they always have very good wines by the glass. So nice to have a wonderful meal with great service in a place where you can have a conversation. Civilized and comfortable.
I've had nothing but great experiences at Felipe's beautiful restaurant. The fod is amazing, the service is top notch, and the owner/head chef is one of the friendliest I've ever come across. He genuinely cares about his customers, the quality of the food served, and the friendly ambience of his space.
Had a fantastic meal here recently. The mussels, duck, cassoulet, wine, etc. were all great. Excellent service as well!
One of the best in San francisco for quality and price very good food and good service
Ok.. so i've been consistenty underwhelmed with SF cuisine until now. WOW! or should i say Chapeau! THIS PLACE IS EXCELLENT. Get the menu 2 prix fixe because it's definitely worth your money. I had the prime rib and i've never had it like this before... SOOOO GOOOOOOOOD! Just got back from here and I'm having major garlic burps... BLLLLLLLEEEEECCCHHHH.. mmmmmm :)The executive chef here is also soo friendly and so nice... he also looks a little like Gerard depardeau
Delicious!We had:Appetizers:  - Corn Soup: wasnt masked with seasoning or sweetening so the taste was pure corn and creamy- Warm Brie on Potato & Leek Darphin, Mizuna & Walnuts: great but I couldnt find the leek flavorEntrees:- Filet Mignon: Perfectly cooked (rare), the potatoes and mushrooms were nothing special- Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderlon (on bed of spinach and pureed parsnips): Absolutely amazing. Perfectly cooked (medium rare) with delicious accompaniments.Desserts: - Vanilla bean creme brulee: mellow & not overly sweet, very decadent- Nuage de Noix: Also amazing & not overly sweet. The nuttiness is apparent throughout the frozen meringue.The dessert portions were very generous.
Imagine a chef coming out and greeting everyone at the table.I miss that personable service and pride. Not a WOW experience anymore.A solid 4-star quaint French restaurant in the Richmond district. Small dining area with tables too close together gets noisyif you are on a romantic date. You can hear the other group(s)yakking away. Lights are dim and decor cozy. Came here for a celebration with my BGFE ( Best Girl Friend Ever).You should try this restaurant nevertheless for the following dishes:1) Salade landaise - a salad served with duck, roasted garlic, anda lil foie gras on top. 2) Prime rib with 3 different sauces.3) Duck breast and polenta with pear and grapes.4) Warm Chocolate Cake w/ Rum Raisin Ice Cream. Gooey w/ different texture= AphrodisiacPluses:+ Complementary soup and sweetbread. Some SAVAGESget two to three helpings!+ Decent pricing on their prix-fixe menu.+ Attentive staff who fills your water and replaces clean dishes.+ Half glass wine ordering allows you try different wines.+ Certain dishes were great.Minuses:- Certain dishes were below average.- No valet during winter.- Tables too crowded together.- Waiters don't really speak French. Oui, Oui Monsieur.- Chef Philip doesnt come out anymore. He is at Clementine now.Tips:* If you want a romantic date, make a reservation tosit by the window, so you have more privacy.* For frugal diners, try the early-bird special at 5pm.* Corkage fee is $18. * Skip the creme brulee and filet mignon (tastes funny).The owner should read or re-read Jim Collin's book "Good to Great."btw, take it from my girl's perspective: upgrade the bathroom.
My date and i decided to try this place out since it has excellent ratings, but it was a bit disappointing. My date ordered a filet mignon medium rare and i had a salmon. My dishes was excellent but my date complain that her dish was overcooked. I tasted it as well and it was a bit dry. The reason i gave 3 stars is not because of the food, but the wait was rediculous. We had a reservation at 8 15 but arrived at 7 45. we were seated right away and we didnt leave until 10. Everything just took way to long. The appitizer came in 30 mins and waited another 30 mins for the entree. After the entree, it took another 30 min for the dessert. 20 mins for billing. Despite all this, i still gave good tips, but seriously i would never come here again due to the excessive wait. This guy came over to shook our hands and he didnt even introduce himself so im like... Ok wierdo...
I must be only reviewing restaurants I like right now...went here prior to seeing wicked in early july. had an early reservation - 545 ish. we were the 2nd or 3rd group inside. the owner personally greeted us and took my jacket and my gfs sweater, and we were immediately seated and waited on by our waiter and the owner. (probably not typical, i just must exude badass and big spender... /sarcasm)I forget what I got so my whole review might be moot, but it was a damn good experience beginning to end - good wine selection - and we complimented this with some kronenborg 1664 (woo cheap french beer!!!) it was nice going back to our days in paris studying abroad at chapeau! - with a french atmosphere, great food, good service, and to top it off with a french beer was perfect.it was a great date restaurant and the ambiance was great, i can imagine it being pretty crowded by 8pm...there are 1100 reviews of this place, if you read all the way to the bottom of mine... WHY? i dont know wtf im talkin about compared to these connoisseurs - call the place and make a reservation already.
I love Dine about Town and I love birthday dinners! Chapeau was a very pleasant surprise. I started with the escargot, had the mussels for my entree, and the creme brulee for dessert. The escargot sauce was delicious, super garlicky just the way I like it. The meat itself was tender and tasted like soft chicken. The mussels were served in huge generous portions and were tasty, but the entree that blew all of ours (duck breast, flounder, and my mussels) out of the water was the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin. That meat was delectable; the flavor was totally locked in and the cut was so tender. I wish I had ordered it! For dessert we tried the profiteroles, the creme brulee, and one other one that I can't quite remember right now. Point is the profiteroles were excellent, very rich with dark chocolate coating ice cream filled pastries. Creme brulee was nothing out of the ordinary. I would definitely come here again, DAT prices or not. (I did see an early bird special though - same DAT entrees for $28 5-6 pm! good deal)
We popped in right around 6p a few Sundays ago when our intended eatery nearby looked deserted - and Chapeau! was rockin'. We didn't have reservations, but were quickly seated at the bar, where we were attended to all evening by the most excellent bartender.  As seems standard practice, we were also greeted & "farewell"ed by the chef. We made it just in time for the prix-fixe, and then the yumminess began. Smoked fish appetizer, salmon entree & profiteroles for my beau; Tomato bisque w/crabcake, mussels w/ pomme frites & a basil napoleon for me. Wow! The savory items were all delectable - my beau was going nuts over my fries; I don't know what they're fried in, but it's GENIUS JUICE. And then there's that napoleon - deconstructed, really. Tiny bits of tropical fruit, some flaky wafer discs, a lush creme & this basil sauce that is so unusual but amazingly light, refreshing & crazy good with the other ingredients. Overall, it was just a wonderful evening. Great food, good prices (esp. with the prix-fixe) and in a relaxed and super friendly environment.
We came for my birthday - 3 months ago but honestly none of the food has held a memory except the Basil Napoleon. That was original, refreshing, good and worth trying again. It was nice and romantic but i would also totally come with my friends. The food was good but like I said nothing left a lasting impression. I had the Cassoulet de Toulouse which was good but nothing wow about it.I think you will never get a bad meal here but you may never be bowled over with the dishes eitherI would eat here again, its a safe bet for a good meal
I felt walking in to a Chinese bistro, the food is ok, compareWith the price, I can have some other choices.
I couldn't have asked for more.My man took me here on our anniversary, as a surprise. I must say it was one of the best, if not the best meal I have ever had! Chef Phillipe is charming and brilliant. He welcomed us at our table and came by at the end of the meal to see how everything was.We started with glasses of champagne (yum!) and then ordered a bottle of a French pinot noir that was exceptional - and recommended to us specifically for what we were ordering.We had the 4-course prix fix with the palate cleanser.Complementary Amuse Bouche: Cauliflower and truffle oil soup (not on the menu)Appetizers: I had the Salade landaise and my beau had the onion soupTasting Fish: Seared scallop over a pesto risotto and lobster bisque (not on the menu)Palate Cleanser: Colonel - lemon-ginger sorbet in a citrus-infused vodkaEntree: I had cassoulet and my beau had seared wild Alaskan halibut Dessert: I had the chocolate cake with bananas and rum-raisin ice-cream with caramel. Mon homme had the creme brulee.Overall, the meal was spectacular. My salade landaise was very good. The duck melted in my mouth and my only complaint would be that it could have had a little less lettuce (was quite big for a starter). The scallop was the best thing I have ever put into my mouth. Period. Hands down.The colonel was perfectly refreshing.The cassoulet was outstanding, with a perfectly cooked wing of duck. Foodies delight.Dessert was decadent and certainly a guilty pleasure.The ambiance was lovely and romantic. It is a little tight on space, but it actually added to the charm. Chef Phillipe was greeting everyone and his big smile was like the cherry on the top of the sundae. The 20 year old port he sent over was outstanding as well.
This was actually my second visit to Chapeau! to celebrate an anniversary. For the price you get affordable French food. If you want a deal go for the early bird special during the first hour of opening. The restaurant isn't big and depending on where you're seated it's rather cramped. There's a sign asking you to not talk on your cell phone but the conversations people were having were far louder than any conversation one would have on their cell. We decided to do the 3 course menu for $39/pp. I started off with the French Onion soup which I also had on the first visit. It didn't have as much cheese compared to the first visit but it was still delicious and one of the best I've ever had. For the main course I had the rack of lamb (+$10 more). To finish off the meal, I had the Napoleon which sounded impressive from the description on the menu but it wasn't that great. Napoleon is typically a layered cake but their version consisted of various fruit covered in sauce with three wafer crisps. At the end of our meal our waiter surprised us with a passion fruit sorbet and apple sorbet with a candle on top.Service was prompt and efficient. Unused utensils and plates were replaced and the bread bowl never stayed empty for long. These days you don't see the chef as often as he's tending to his other restaurant at Clementine but the quality is still there.Overall, the experience was great and the food was good without breaking the bank. The Onion soup alone is worth the trip.
We came here to celebrate our 9yr wedding anniversary. Being a simple guy and with our 6 yr old tagging along I was super hesitant as we arrived. To my absolute shock and delight we were greeted with open arms. They welcomed us ,greeted my daughter and was absolutely cordial in every way. Chef Phillipe even remembered my daughters name and interacted with her every time he stopped by the table.. Even if the food was terrible I would return just to be treated this way, it was over the top so welcoming and warm are the staff you feel right at home here! Now the food was amazing everything we had on our 4 course tasting menu was awesome!!! In particular the scallops with pesto risotto Was amazing. This was a completely eye opening experience , amazing food and the most exceptional customer service I have ever experienced in my life!!! A must try if you want some delicious French food and be treated the right way!!! Will def return
WOW! Lovely ambiance and tasty food. Actually affordable French food that also tastes great. Chef Phillipe was hovering around the dining room to make sure his creations were meeting expectations!The salads are well made, with subtle flavor. The wine selection is generous. Highly recommend as a must visit for a date or a casual dinner.
We went there for dinner and had ahi salad, escargots, pork loin roast, roasted chicken, trio of sorbet and french toast.I wasn't impressed by anything they served. The ahi salad was served with olives, cherry tomatoes, anchovy and quail eggs. I didn't dislike it, but I didn't love it either. The escargots was just mediocre so as the pork and the chicken. The mashed potato came with the pork loin tasted extremely sweet and did not belong in the dish. I loved the french toast but it wasn't worth spending over $100 for dinner for two just to have the french toast.
dessert review only: i went here with my sis, the dessert was wonderful. the coffee was exceptional. chocolate moose ...yum. my sister ordered the summer ish orange thing of a dessert. YUM!
EARLY-BIRD PRIX FIXED MENU!!! Nothing beats this value! 3-course, french meal for $28/person??? That's just insane.We went to Chapeau! on a Sunday evening for their famous early-bird, prix fixed dinner. Being that we had a yummmmy brunch at 11 (at heavenly Foreign Cinema), a 5:30 pm dinner wasn't too early. So, when we get there, we were famished. We started off with the Tomato Basil Bisque and the Mesclun Salad with creme dijonnaise, grapes and FRIED CAMENBERT. Let me repeat that... FRIED CAMENBERT that just melts in your mouth. Then for our 2nd course we had the Flounder and the Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with parsnip puree, braised green swiss chard. The flounder was cooked perfectly and placed on a bed of mashed potatoes, leeks, tomatoes and mussels-saffron sauce. It was RICH in butter and goooodness. The pork dish was moist and tender and the parsnip puree was just unbelievably creamy and sweet. On to the 3rd course... Profiterolles and French Toast. Insert droooool here. I was expecting the Profiterolles to be sub-par... but it was sooooo delicious that I devoured the entire thing even though I already felt like I needed to be rolled home. And the French Toast dessert was drenched in a decadent caramel/syrup. They were both just heavenly. We paired the dinner with a bottle of Cotes du Rhone wine and walked out paying less than my last pair of jeans. Oh, oh, oh... the cherry on top? The Chef came out throughout the evening to personally shake every patrons hand and thank them for dining at Chapeau! At the end of our meal, he came back to make sure we enjoyed everything and to invite us back. Even though the restaurant was busy, we never felt rushed to finish or leave.This is a MUST-DO for SF!
I visited Chapeau! during my summer vacation, just a couple days after eating at the wonderful Passionfish restaurant in Pacific Grove. Amazingly, I enjoyed the seafood here even more than at the place that specializes in it. They were out of the wine I ordered, but the sommelier recommended a delicious alternative that paired well with our meals and even cost less than the one I had chosen.I came back again yesterday for my birthday. The service was the best I've had yet, and Chef Phillipe had an entertaining conversation with my daughter. The food was not quite as superb as my earlier visits, but still amazingly good. Also, they brought my dessert with a candle, having overheard one of my guests mention that it was my birthday. I can't recommend Chapeau! highly enough, it's my favorite restaurant.
Amazing restaurant in a nice quiet neighbourhood. And I love the fact that the chef, Felipe would welcome us, shook our hands and spent the time to chat with other diners. He was very approachable, which is something incredibly rare these days. The waiters were very friendly as well. There is definitely nothing wrong with this place, the food was perfect and the atmosphere was very lively. The only thing that prevented me from giving a 5-star was because the rabbit dish didn't really strike the chord for me. BUT I didn't try everything in the menu, so I am definitely coming back.
Great french food , and the prices were good.foie gras was awesome and so was the onion soup!!!was awesome to have the head chef out in the front and he really made the place comfortable...must try!!!
Went here for my birthday dinner a few months back. We had the 4 course Prix Fixe menu, delicious. I've never had sweetbreads before and did not know what to expect. Oh my gosh, they were excellent. We had a Dungenous Crab Napoleon, fabulous, fish tasting, duck breast. Dessert, the Nuage de Noix was fabulous along with the Creme Brule. Looking forward to a return visit.
BEST PRIME RIB OF MY LIFEWow. This place is phenomenal. Some words that sum up my meal are French, foie gras, fennel, frise and fantastique. How's that for some alliteration?Chapeau! is a cute and cozy little restaurant but their menu is serious business. Don't miss out on the prix-fixe menu, you won't be disappointed. They do French right. Impeccable service. Great place for a date.I really don't know what else to say. Just go.
My boyfriend and I ate here on Christmas day. Service was wonderful. We had reservations at 9:15 pm but were running late, so we called in and thank god we were able to push it back until 10pm. It was weird because the chef knew that we had a reservation once we walked in. We had foie gras and tiger prawns for appetizer. Both were perfect! For our entrees we shared the fillet mignon and striped bass. The fillet mignon was HELLA good especially with the sauce. But the sea bass on the other hand seemed to be missing some flavor. The chocolate cake was good but the melted chocolate inside tasted a little bitter. Perhaps I'm just not a dark chocolate fan. The creme brulee was bomb. For a $38 three course prix fixe menu, couldn't have expected more. Overall everything was great but I didn't like how the tables were so cramped. I was barely able to squeeze through and get to my seat. It was hard to not overhear any neighbors' conversations. Thus 4.5 stars.
Been here for years . It is always good comfort home cooking.
FOOD - 4 stars - SO YUMMY! My family and I try to come here every month when we're craving a nice-sit-down French restaurant. The rack of lamb is amazing! The side dishes are so yummy! The escargo (bathed in garlic and butter) is wonderful! The 3-course meal is always enough to fill me completely. I haven't had a dessert there that I totally love, but the chef always presents them very well. RESTAURANT - 3 stars - VERY clean and they have multiple servers to clean your table and give you new silverware. The noise can be almost unbearable if you go during a busy night. People and wine tend to do that though. PRICE - 3.5 stars - A bit on the pricey side, but you're getting very good quality food and very good quality service. The chef comes around to meet and greet all the tables.
Affordable fix menu and good wine with really good price.Excellent food and love the part of chef greeting. :) foie gras is sooo good, scallop tasty
Do yourself a favor, make a reservation for dinner at Chapeau!The food was simply sensational, supported by a packed restaurant at 5:15p on a Sunday. The Early Bird special is a brilliant marketing idea. No blue-haired ladies in this crowd. What a charming staff...Philippe Gardelle greeted us warmly at the door, our server who has all of the fine attributes of a Parisian waiter, but none of the testy attitude, kept the courses coming in hot succession...even the bus staff was commendable.Congratulations, Chapeau! Thank you for a wonderful experience. We'll be back soon.
Ate here a long time ago but recently remembered my experience. The staff is A+! The food was exactly what I had expected; very rich and modest portions (that's how Europeans roll). You can't ask anymore from this place because they are curteous and attentive. Just as precaution, we took our Asian grandparents here to eat and they got stomach aches afterwards, maybe due to the richness of the food (definitely not food poisoning). You just have to be able to pay the price that's attached with the quality. =]
Represents so many exceedingly wonderful memories for us. We used to go here when it was still one of San Francisco's best kept secrets and very moderately priced for the fantastic food. We loved and enjoyed everything about going here. The foie gras paired with the sauternes is an experience onto itself as well as the chocolate cake dessert. I have always found all of the people here to be genuinely friendly and extremely professional. Chef Phillip Gardel is also amazing and so genuine and a true artist !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He deserves every accolade for what he has done. Thought I would add this other little story about a birthday (early in the evening and midweek) we celebrated here long ago. Our table had 6 adults and 4 small children. We were treated extremely nicely. They were genuinely happy to see children and serve them. It was really like being in Europe where families and children are very, very welcome. Needless to say after having an amazing dinner everyone was so very happy. I very much like the way the restaurant is set up. It is close together but to me that is part of the the charm. I have never been bothered by anyone close to me and I have not listened in on any ones conversations or noticed anyone listening in to ours.
There's a certain yin and yang to this place that to me makes it very San Francisco.The food is awesome. Definitely in the top ten of any place I've eaten. Ever. Between the girlfriend and I, we went through six dishes and two different drinks as a collective. Not a one of them missed, though my duck topped her fillet as far entrees go and I'm pretty sure her salmon appetizer with salmon roe topped my escargot (I can't eat fish, so I cannot confirm this, but I have a suspicion).There are two reasons why I can't give this place 5 stars, however.1. The ambiance. Some would dub it electric. I'd just call it noisy. Tables are set up closer than apartments in the Inner Richmond, and by my count there were 75 people in a room that was about 25' by 35'.There was so much white noise that it was impossible to carry on a conversation, which is sort of the point of taking someone out to dinner. When the crowd thinned out at dessert, it was a much nicer experience.2. One of the desserts was too good. The warm chocolate cake is literally chocolate cake with bananas flambee wrapped inside of it and a caramel drizzle to the side. My girlfriend, who usually offers a bite of everything, broke into full on Charlie and the Chocolate factory mode and hoarded it. We went last Sunday, and I've heard how awesome this dessert is about 47 times since then. Assuming the relationship goes properly, I'm going to estimate that I'm going to hear about this nigh on a billion times over the next 40 to 50 years.
We had a very nice dinner at Chapeau for my birthday. The French toast dessert was yummy. It was really nice to be greeted by the chef. The food was tasty.
Couldn't remember the price so the quoted early bird price of $25.50 in my review was taken from the website (chapeausf.com) & re-verified 11/6/09.
Went to this hidden nook on clement for my parent's 25th anniversary. Everything was simply amazing. The restaurant was at 35.64% capacity (yes i counted), the ambiance and service was spectacular, the presentation of the food was well executed and we left the restaurant so stuffed, soothingly satiated, and smiling (nice alliteration huh?).My parents ordered the 4 course meal, and i stuck with the 3 courser. For appetizers we had the oysters of the half shell, trio of salmon, and Montcherve goat cheese. The oysters were incredibly fresh and well portioned, not like the dinky ones you hate to find. The trio of salmon was surprisingly very tasty, commencing with a nice tangy sweetness kick and ending with a salty aftertaste. This means a lot because I am generally not a big fan of caviar and salmon. Montecherve goat chesse was good, though probably not something I would get again. Moving to the entrees...we had the Muscovy duck leg, fillet mignon, and rack of lamb. Being a huge carnivore myself, I found the meat cuts itself to be a bit disappointing. Don't get me wrong, the sauce was fabulous, but the rack of lamb lacked the natural savory taste of lamb. Perhaps the saucing was too overwhelming and it stole the thunder of the natural taste of the lamb. boo.The desserts were perhaps the highlight of the night! We shared a creme brulee, tarte gran-meree, and a basil napoleon. Everything had just the right amount of sweetness, and was very light...the way french desserts should be! The tarte gran-mere was one of the better apple custard tarts i've had in a long while. Overall this place is a great choice, one that I will definitely revisit.Cliffs:Good service, Great food, Happy stomach.Be sure to get the tarte gran-mere, YOU WILL NOT REGRET!
I've lived in the Richmond District for six years and I can't believe there is really a restaurant this good in the neighborhood.I hadn't heard about it until the gf found it on Yelp, but the reviews were so good we had to give it a try.The service is outstanding, knowledgeable, and attentive. They were celebrating the Beaujolais Nouveau release while we were there and they had several different to try.The food is traditional French but with a light touch -- no heavy sauces. Everything was very well prepared.Our meal started out with some fresh, traditional crusty baguette which was served warm but still soft on the inside. I had the moules frites (mussels) appetizer which was outstanding. The mussels were perfectly cooked and tender. The fries were crisp and fresh and perfect with the aioli. We also shared the onion soup, which was the best I've ever had. The soup was sweet with the carmelized onions and the toast with the perfect touch of cheese.For the entree, I had the vegetarian option -- a roasted squash filled with wild mushrooms and topped with carrots. This is not usually my kind of dish, but the squash was tender and flavorful and the mushrooms were the good stuff -- no basic button mushrooms here. I think I saw four types of mushrooms including fresh porcini. Outstanding.The gf had the duck (quack) with soft polenta with wine-poached pears. She is sitting next to me as a write this and the best she can come with is "yummy." But it looked excellent and was served with some sliced warm grapes that went perfectly with the rich brown sauce.For dessert we had the warm chocolate cake with a molten center. The dessert list looked so good we wanted to try one of everything.This is by far the best French restaurant I've been to in the city and by far the best restaurant in the Richmond District. It is small and charming -- perfect for either a casual or romantic dinner. We will definitely be going back.
Went on a Friday night and got seated right away as we had reservations. 4 stars for the overall experience.. Specially the Food! Breakdown: place- nice.. But small. If you are looking for a romantic dinner , this ain't the place.. Unless you get a corner table. Service- very good , and attentive. Food- what you come here for. I had the salad and it was really good. Wife had the onion soup and she loved it. Main course.. I had steak which was good but not outstanding.. Altho the sides and sauce on it made it a winner . Wife had the monk fish.. And it was very good. Then there's the Dessert.. And was the highlight of the night. Had the chocolate mouse and wife had bake Alaska.. Try it! All in all.. It was worth the $ no doubt!
Should've updated this a while ago. With Chapeau! now in the old Clementine space, you get the same high-value culinary experience without the cramped dining conditions. 1 star added for the move!
I took my boyfriend here last week for his birthday, and it was mag-ni-fique. We both got the fixed price menus and both left the restaurant very satisfied. Each course was in perfect proportions and delicious. As an appetizer, I got the seared foie gras (so rich, it melts in your mouth), for the main course the duck, and for dessert the french toast. All were incredible; however, I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. Our waiter was French, which of course adds a bit of credibility to the place. In addition, the chef & owner (who is French as well) stopped by our table during our meal to say "bonsoir," and I informed him that it was my boyfriend's birthday. Then later in the evening, right after we left, he ran out of the restaurant after us to wish my boyfriend happy birthday again and tell us "merci" for eating at his restaurant. It was quite funny. I can't say that before this experience a French chef had run out of a restaurant after me.
Meh.The asparagus goat cheese appetizer was good. The warm chocolate cake was damn near perfect. The black cod, which the waiter recommended over the salmon however, was completely underwhelming.Cute place... average service... average presentation... I wouldn't recommend it but I also wouldn't stop someone from trying it on their own accord.
Since my wife and I both like seafood we ordered the Skate Wing and Flounder for our 3 course entrees. The mussel soup first course was good but I've had better oysters on the half shell elsewhere. The vinegar based sauce on the skate wing was a bit too strong after awhile. Our wine bill was about 2x's what we thought is should be. After checking their website when we returned home we found that their menu had a price for 1/2 glass of wine and adjacent to it a price for a full class of wine. I guess we didn't read the menu carefully enough. Oh well...Thinking about this on the drive back to SFO caused me to miss the turnoff to 101. I wound up at Ocean Beach in dark parking lot. After finding our way back to 101 a low tire air pressure light went on in the cheap Ford Focus rental car.
I was served a big, black fly in my food when I went here. They brought me a new dish, of course, but did not offer to comp my meal. Fail.
Came here twice, one at the old location and now the new one. Completely different environment but still in the Richmond district. The service is excellent both times and I tried many different dishes, can't remember anything that is super delicious but I know it's not bad. The onion soup was delicious cause I love cheese. The duck breast was tender and perfectly cooked. I do recommend people to try this place for French food, not too fancy but yet you do get good stuff.
Been here twice, once at the old location, once at the new. The cassoulet was incredible the first time and just okay the second. The rest of the experience didn't depart much from the quality of the cassoulet either time, so I'll average the two visits to a four-star review.The main item that did depart: the escargot was spectacular both times.
So the bf decided to take me here for my birthday. I ordered the dine "around" town menu: The Mesclun Salad (excellent), the Petite Poussin (excellent), and the creme brulee (excellent). However, after my entree something didn't feel right and I felt still a little hungry. I arrived home and decided to write a review on Chapeau since I did very much enjoy the food. As I was reviewing the menu online I realized that whoever made my entree forgot to put the potatoes on my plate. No wonder why I was still hungry. It was all chicken and mushrooms!!! That explains a lot. I did enjoy the food but as a customer I shouldn't be expected to notice whether or not something is missing from a dish...
This place is spectacular!!! Cute place with great staff and most importantly, the food is wonderful and surprisingly inexpensive in comparison to other French restaurants. My husband and I shared escargots (good, a little dry), mussels (very fresh), filet mignon (perfectly cooked), seared foie gras (really good, must try!). For dessert, we had the crme brulee (okay) and French toast (so yummy). This place totally exceeded my expectations. We're definitely coming back!
Shhhhh - They are moving everything to the other restaurant soon.Set menu for Feb 14th.The Asian women was attentive while the seating cleared up.Almost died from an allergic reaction which I am not allergic to anything. I wonder what it was.Me - "Excuse me sir are all the ingredients listed here for this dish"Manager (I think the Asians Woman's Husband) - "Yes"Me - "Well I need to know as my throat is closing up"Manager - "Good Sir **as he walks away**"Well it didn't get any worse and by the end of the night it subsided.Good meal except for the one that tried to kill me. This didn't happen last time I was there.4 stars food4 stars ambiance2 stars for customer service as they killed the other two stars
Its a small local cozy restaurant you can enjoy with under 4 friends. I was drawn to the heavy rich red velvet curtains hanging across the entrance making the restaurant mysterious and romantic. The service was good. The food was good. I ordered the salmon and I really liked it. I would come back again. Make reservations. Parking is horrible because it is in a residential area.
Love love love Chapeau! And love Philippe too! He's so nice--greeting everyone when you come in, making the rounds through the dining room, tasting wine with you and saying goodbye :-)Cozy little atmosphere where Clementine's used to be (although I kind of liked the old location--now THAT was cozy!). Food is always superb. I think the best thing I ever had there was a special once a few years ago--beef for two (included bone marrow and a huge slab of delicious beef). But everything we've ever had is delicious, and relatively affordable.Great place to bring a date or for any special occasion. Thank you Chapeau for being so wonderful and being my go-to french restaurant!
Chapeau! deserves to be in the top 5 of most reviewed restaurants on Yelp (333 reviews). I went for dinner on Friday night with a friend from work and we had a wonderful meal.To start we shared 6 excellent oysters. Then I had the foie gras, which was heavenly with a glass of sauterne (suggested by the waiter). My friend had the trio of salmon, which was also very good. For our entrees I had the sweetbreads - fabulous. My friend had a filet mignon, which was cooked a perfect medium-rare (but NOT my favorite cut of beef). We also had an excellent bottle of red wine - 3 Saints Cabernet (Santa Ynez Valley). And for dessert I had the profiteroles and my friend had some kind of pralines thing, both were very good.The service was great and very attentive and it was nice to meet Philippe Gardelle who was as friendly as everyone says. Yes, I got kissed on both cheeks when saying goodbye and my friend got a warm handshake.The total for over $100 each as I expected. This is a great restaurant and I would be very happy to eat there again. My only complaint was that their website is out of date and most of the dishes on its menu were not current, nor were the wines and prices. I am not deducting any stars, however.
I had my first anniversary here with my now fiance. WHAT AN EXCELLENT DECISION!!! We did a four course and a three course meal, splitting each of the 7 dishes that came out. The french onion soup, taster fish (scallop in a lobster sauce), escargot, and steak were quite memorable. This was about a year ago, so the other things we ate aren't coming to memory. Moral of the story: Romantic Atmosphere, Delicious Food, Good Service
Came here on a Valentine's date. Although my date made a reservation, but we had to wait for an extra 30 minutes. The place is pretty small but feel very homey. I got the lamb shack which was good for two people. He got the striped bass with mash potatoes and mushroom. The portion of every dish were adequate...not pequeno at all for French. We had 3 appetizers. they were amazingly delicious. The trio tiger prawns was on the house...the tomato sauce was gooooood. Dungeness crab & alvacado napolean too tasty to describe. Mussels and frites were decent. On top of that, we got 3 dessert plates...two of which were also on the house. Espresso pudding, creme brulee and warm chocolate cake. Everything came out warm. Every bite was heavenly good. Our meal was so worth it...so many dishes so little price with quality service and food. The food and wine were too good, i forgot to give my date a hug....haha. he nagged about it even till this day!
Went to Chapeau! on Thanksgiving evening with BF. It was packed. We arrived about an hour earlier from our reservation but the hostess told us that she will try to seat us as soon as possible. We waited at the bar for less than 15 minutes and we're seated.Atmosphere: tables packed in tightly along the wall and in the middle; clean, casual and cozy; fresh single rose at each tableFood/Beverage:-Dirty martini with vodka: a bit stiff with alcohol (but not complaining), not enough olive juice, tiny olives-Fresh apple martini with vodka: made with freshly mashed apples, just enough of apple flavor--yum!I ordered Menu 1 (3 courses) and BF ordered Menu 2 (4 courses) but we both were served Menu 2 (charged for two Menu 2s), wasn't happy about that...-Red wine: 2006 Gigondas, Y. & D. Cheron, Domaine du Grand Montmirail, Les deux Juliette,Slection des Vieilles Vignes-Amuse bouche: mushroom soup made with crab broth (if I remember correctly)...excellent-Appetizer 1 "Trio of Salmon: Gravlax, Tartar & Caviar/Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers & Crme Frache/Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing"; excellent combination of salmon, fried capers and the lemon dressing made this dish pop!-Appetizer 2 "Deep Fried Black Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo Dough Tomato & Onion Marmelade/ Petits Legumes/Herbed Aioli"; liked the crunchiness, a good flavor mixture with soft marmelade-Tasting fish: scallop on risotto(?) and some kind of cream sauce; good flavor of scallop, wasn't crazy about the soft texture combination with the risotto-Entree 1 "Filet Mignon Pommes de Terre Landaise/King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms/Sauce  la Prigourdine"; not the best steak as we've had at Peter Luger in NY but pretty good filet mignon, cooked nicely to med rare-Entree 2 Roasted Rack of Lamb. Eggplant Moussaka/Artichoke Barigoule/Fried Panisse/Thyme Lamb Jus; lamb was good but a bit flavorless; at this point I was too stuffed to enjoy fully-Dessert 1: cheese plate with toast, BF liked-Dessert 2: french toast, the highlight! I loved! (guess I wasn't too full to enjoy the dessert)Service: great, the chef was out on the floor and greeted guests; waiter was attentive but not over-bearingOverall: not extraordinary to "wow" about but a good meal
Don't usually eat French food. The last place I went to was Jeanty at Jacks a few years back. So I came here not knowing what to expect and was very pleasantly surprised. The food is really wonderful - total palette pleaser, the service is great, and the decor is fun. It was a bit chilly where I was sitting though (on long seat with my back facing the window). One or both of us had the following:Creamy Asparagus Soup: Small portion, but really tasty!Escargot: Soooo good! I could eat a whole bowl filled with this dish.Mussels with Frites: Soooo good! Very tasty...perfectly cooked mussels.Salmon: This was quite good. I was a little squeamish about my medium salmon, but it was good.Pear Tart: The red wine pears were delicious. I wasn't too crazy about the tart itself, which was chocolate, but the pears were really good. If they only search pear halves in a bowl, I believe that would be a favorite. I wouldn't mind digging in with a spoon in hand!Salmon Trio: He liked it, but thought the combo was a little odd.Duck: He really liked this dish. It was served medium rare (ick), but he liked it!Blueberry pastry dessert: The puff pastry looked really yummy. I think he liked it.You should go and check it out! Food was awesome.
Can't get better then this place :) my dreams have come true =)
I have been privileged to have been brought up in a progressive time when food and wine were becoming a hip and modern art and way of living. I have indulged in some of the best restaurants in california.I have to say Chapeau was one of the best experiences I have had in San Francisco. The food was amazingly rich, complex and full of hearty French flavors. The service was on point and everyone was more than willing to help you even managers and chef himself. A Clement street must!!!!!!!!! We enjoyed veal sweetbreads, lamb and duck confit cassoulet, pancetta wrapped pork tenderloin, pan seared day boat scallops with a lobster sauce, profiteroles and half glasses of well selected wines with each course. I was absolutely impressed!!
This was a bit of a disappointment. Not bad, but not the fine dining that it's been hyped up to be. The service was good. The hostess and waiter were friendly. The decor was simple and clean.As for the food, the appetizer was wonderful. The scallops and mussels with fries were fantastic. The mussels' sauce was delicious. Then the entree came and the fish (cod?) dish was tasty but I had the Cassoulet de Toulouse. It was was a hearty meal heavy with protein. It was bland with the duck dry and overcooked and the sausage unremarkable. The dessert was fair. The chocolate cake had a nice melted chocolate center but the French toast was plain topped with a nice hazelnut ice cream scoop.All in all, it was a fair meal but giving the price and the hype, Chapeau was just another SF disappointment. Chapeau doesn't deserve the punctuation (!)
When someone mentions " French Restaurant"... I hear " CHAPEAU!!!!!!Best PRIME RIB- EVER!! Love the raw oysters and the sauce that came with it. Foie gras: MELTED in my mouth... and I washed it down with my glass of PINOT NOIR... "ahhhhh heaven"The sides that it come with are DELICIOUS... and I MEAN EVERYTHING!!!My favorite dessert here is the warm apple pie dessert. Fresh apples in a crust with ICE CREAM ON THE SIDE. Pretty much everything here is great... and here goes the "BUT".. but the lamb shank is a bit on the salty side and too huge even for a meat love like me. I think i was full after looking at it. Barely touched it but kept crossing over to my BF's PRIME RIB.I wish the seating weren't so close together. Everytime I come here, I'm always rubbing elbows with strangers( left and right) and playing footsies with whoever is in front of me (unintentionally ) so i always have to explain before sitting down that I'm not trying to seduce/flirt. hehe
Glad I finally tried out Chapeau. Excellent food all-around. I daresay better than Bouchon (admittedly, I have only been to Bouchon in Vegas, not in Yountville). The atmosphere is fun and casual and (per the norm in SF) pretty darned noisy. Noisy eliminates any pretense of snoot-factor, but it doesn't make for effortless conversation. But it's really all about the food, right? I would say the PEI Mussel Soup appetizer is one of the best soups I've ever had. Incredible. I had the Pan Seared Duck Breast as my entree, and loved it, but thought the Wild Caught Skate Wing was even better. (NOTE: I also tried the Louisiana Gulf Flounder, and I can tell you that if you're interested in a fish dish, the Skate Wing was WAY more robust and interesting than the Flounder... The Flounder was very well prepared, but too reserved... simply a less interesting dish.)All the desserts were excellent, but the Basil Napoleon was INSANELY good. Just fantastic.Chapeau creates exquisite French food, and serves it in an accessible atmosphere with accessible prices. I need to go back!
I've been here a few times, but at their old location. The new location is just as nice and still has the same great quality of service and food. Instead of doing the DAT menu, I went with the escargots de bourgogne for an appetizer and PEI mussels with pommes frites. The sauce on the appetizer was so good I dipped my bread in it after the I finished the escargot. The mussels were delicious as well. The saffron gave it a nice added flavor, but the star for me was the dipping sauce for the pommes frites. I forgot to ask what was in it, but it tasted like bacon aioli. For dessert, I bummed off my friend's caramel french toast with hazelnut ice cream. I'm almost positive it was a creme brulee brioche french toast. Again, I forgot to ask. Why? Because I was too busy stuff my face and savoring every last bite.
i'm torn at a 3.5 but wasn't thoroughly impressed i wanted to come here for my bday dinner with a group of girls and sadly didnt make reservations early enough to get a good time slot so we ate at 530, but were running a little late so ended up eating at 6 which was fine with them.the ambiance was nice, place was very cozy, felt a little out of place as all the other patrons were older. hahai thought the service was alright, but my friend critiquing them made me more aware that they weren't as great as their "4 1/2 stars" on yelp should have been. the bread was ok, wasn't anything specialwe all ordered the 3 course menu for 38. we all almost got a lil different something.I had the salade landaise, which was a bed of salad with duck? and other lil things on it. the vinegrette was very sour, and the meat salty. combine everything and it works. we had a califlower truffle oil palette cleanser, which was more like a soup than a cleanser to me....very thick.my main dish was the cassoulet de toulouse. i think i heard good reviews so i decided to try it. i figured you could never go wrong with duck!i wish i read the full descriptions to things, i don't like beans and this was no special case. The only part I really liked was the lamb leg...or duck leg....? the skin was crispyy, meat was tender. the sausages i could have done without. it was blah.honestly everything i ordered was very salty....very salty. i had to keep drinking water....maybe thats why people order wine? possibly.the dessert was delicious though! french toast! yummm, hazelnut ice cream to die for. other things i tasted was french onion soup, which was pretty good, artichoke soup, great flavor. the filet mignon, they do a really good medium rare. skate wing was super tender and moist. ok so maybe it was my dishes that weren't to my taste, but this is based on my taste.i would like to come here again! perhaps with the bf.
I liked it better when it was Clemintine !Still good but not as good.
this cute little restaurant is tucked away past geary. a good friend of mine and i needed catch up time~ and so he recommended this place. we went for their early bird menu and boy.. for all the food we got.. at that price and quality. definitely high marks in my book. it was such as pleasant dinner and great company that we were the first ones in for dinner and nearly the last ones out.venue: i absolutely adore the decorations. the paintings on the wall are so beautiful. it's well decorated and the tables well set. clumsy me knocked over a vase as i came in, but they were still so pleasant to us. they wisked away the setting and assured me that it was fine.food: the amuse was good but a tad salty. started with the Grilled Escargots on Rosemary Skewer/ Warm Fingerling Potato Salad with Shallot, Garlic Confit/ Roasted Garlic Cream (yes i cut and paste from the menu).. and the Duo of Salmon Gravlax with Tartar/ Egg Mimosa, Fried Capers, Crme Frache/ Micro Herbs with Lemon Dressing. i loved how they dressed the salmon. the egg bits around were just the right touch to balance the taste of the salmon. i'm not even a fan of smoked salmon! the escargot was pretty good. it wasn't drenched in butter like i've had it at other places and it was a great balance with the potatoes which were SO YUM.Main Course: Duck Breast Medallion with Creamy Sage Polenta/ Pears, Grapes/ Peppered Duck Sauce. Along with the Cassoulet de Toulouse with Canellini Beans/ Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder/Duck Leg Confit/ Garlic and Toulouse Sausage. both dishes were duck, but they tasted very different (in a good way!!). i don't normally care for duck so i can't give the food proper ratings. but if i did, i was amazed with how well the dishes came out. the match of duck breast (BIG juicy slices with just the right amount of skin) with fruit was lovely. the cassoulet was good and i loved the beans. very very good.we also added a single tasting of the scallop which was to die for. i love seafood and i loved the bed of rice/ rissoto that it came on. it was only one scallop but hoyboy... Y-U-M! presentation was an A+, flavor and texture also an A. Very pleased with this dish.dessert: oh boy~ Vanilla Bean Crme Brule, Basil Napoleon with Maui Pineapple, Manilla Mango, Banana, Kiwi and Strawberries/Champagne-Citrus Pastry Cream/ Feuille de Brique, AND an apple tart with hazelnut gelato and fig? preserve on the side. DELICIOUS. I loved the basil syrup~ which was not only a good sweet note but an awesome shade of green. the tart was just right and not too sweet. the gelato and especially the fig were to die for. the brule~ excellent and lots of vanilla bean. :) they also have excellent coffee. service was FANTASTIC. i mentioned this before in another one of my reviews but excellent service and presentation make any meal feel wonderful. Our waiter, Charles was so pleasant (he also had a very sexy accent). The owner/ owner's wife were also seen milling around the restaurant which I think is really rad. I appreciate places where the owners actually put forth their face and effort alongside their employees. She even walked us out to the door and bid us farewell. that's a sign of a good restaurant where the owners actually care about the food and their customers.i would give this place a 4.5-5 stars. i would definitely come back again. *edit* i thought they were closing down but @elsie was kind enough to share the correct info~ "Chapeau is not closing .... They are moving Chapeau to where clementine is right now ... clementine will become chapeau come August :)"  Clementine is located on clement and 2nd. definitely go check them out!!!
Came here for my boyfriends birthday the other night and had the best dinner I have had in a while. The service was super friendly and accommodating to our night. We were greeted by everyone who walked past us as we made our way to the table and of course birthday wishes!We had an early reservation so we opted for the early bird menu.I ordered the soup, it was a squash soup with duck fat crouton. Very warm and spiced to perfection. That soup was absolutely amazing!For our second course we split the foie gras. I always love foie gras so it was no surprise that I loved it! It was served seared on top of toasted brioche and served with sliced apples and mache.My entree was the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin on top of a bed of swiss chard and a parsnip puree. The bacon was so perfectly wrapped around the pork that i almost forgot it was there until i tasted bacon! Usually when an item is bacon wrapped it looks messy and thus looses its visual appeal, but they definitely succeeded! The parsnip puree had such an amazing creamy texture! This whole dish was a success!!Dessert i choose the vanilla bean creme brule!! This creme brule brought tears to my eyes. It was so creamy and sweet and perfect!!My boyfriend had ordered the french toast and that as well was very very good! Melt in your mouth texture with the warm bread and the melting ice cream!!I cannot wait to return to Chapeau! in the near future!! Their food is truly amazing!!
3 stars.I came here last night for the early bird special before seeing Wicked. I came here after several recommendations from a friend. We had a 5:30 reservation and were probably the 5th couple in at that time. I must admit that having the early bird special is a good way to get people to try out the restaurant. It's the main reason we went.We were first introduced to a small cup of asparagus soup on the house. It was a very simple soup made of pureed asparagus and some light cream. So far so good.We both ordered the rosemary-skewered escargots as the appetizer. It was pretty good but nothing to really write home about. The presentation was a little messy. I ordered the duck confit cassoulet. It tasted very home-styled and not particularly fancy. It's basically white beans and sausage baked in a clay dish with a confit duck leg. It's not what I imagined, so I was a little disappointed.My wife had the white wine steamed mussels. They give you a large bowl of mussels and its exactly what I expected. Simple with a little bit of sweetness. For dessert, they didn't have the red wine soup. I ordered the creme brulee and my wife had this fruit salad/custard mix. The creme brulee was good because the dish was shallow and had a solid layer crusty sugar. The fruit salad/custard was unimpressive. The 3 stars are there because overall, the meal is an excellent deal at $25 per person for a 3-course meal. It's the main reason we came to this place. However, it was decided afterwards that we would quickly go back to The House or Chez Panisse in a heartbeat. We don't eat out much so when we do, we want to go somewhere that's truly special.
Fabulous food and outstanding service. The chef personally greets you! What more can anyone ask for? Highly recommend.
Disappointed. I got so hyped up about eating here tonight. Especially with all the great Yelp reviews. My experience was like watching the last and final episode of the Soprano's Season 6. I wanted it to be mind-f*c'n great. Then the episode comes and goes leaving you with a cliff hanger and all you can say is WTF? It was good...just not mind-fokin' great like you expected. Well, that's how I feel about Chapeau! It was good, but it didn't give me that absolutely love this place feeling that would make me want to come back again and again until I'm all frenched out. I really expected to the moon and back good. I think I should have set my expectations low and maybe I wouldn't be complaining like a high class baby.I had the pre-fixe meal (appetizer, entree, and dessert) which was nicely priced at $39. Appetizer-Mesclun Salad: This was probably the best part of my meal. It was very tasty with little pieces of pistachio and grapes. The dressing was divine. Also, was served with two mini slices of walnut bread with a delicious portion of brie. Great starter!Entree-Striped Bass: I sat there thinking, I can cook this bass better. It was good, but if I can cook it better...then that's already a problem.Dessert-Warm Chocolate Cake: Besides the little piece of the banana in the center...it was just as good as the volcano cake that you find in Trader Joe's frozen section.What I disliked the most is how close the tables are to each other. If I were to stretch or lean to the right, I probably smack the kind lady next to me. Also, as the waiters passed behind me or on the side of me, they were usually brushing me because the space was just too tight. Now, I would accept this type of setting at a cafe, but at a French restaurant with a fine dining appearance...I don't think so.Dine here if you want a mediocre dining experience.
We went with 5 diners to Chapeau and enjoyed a varied selection from their prix fixe menu. Sweetbreads for the table, prawns, salades, and mussels. Braised lamb, rack of lamb & filet mignon. And to finish, creme brulee, sorbet, panna cotta, deconstructed Napoleon, and lemon tart. Everything was delicious and the right portion size.The owners (Chef and wife) are sweet and personable, and we love their other restaurant Clementine as well (merged).
I love this restaurant. I love the owners. They are the sweetest, most caring couple. The chef is the owner and the host. He's too funny and sweet. His wife is also a darling. I've been here several times and love my visit every single time. The food is extraordinary. I've eaten almost everything on the menu and love it all. My favorite though is probably the bone-in steak. Yummy. The mixed-fruit desert (I can't remember the name) is exquisite. Really light, tasty and does a wonderful job cleaning up the palette. I couldn't write enough about how much I adore this place. The only bad thing is they book up really fast.
This is my #1 favorite restaurant in San Francisco!!! Oh my gosh, Philipe is such a charmer and knows his stuff.They make this salad with warm brie all over it that is to DIE for, and if they don't have that (they change the menu around) be sure to have the foie gras. Oh my gosh - so yummy....great for dates or splurging with friends.
Not the best French, service, or atmosphere in town... by a long shot. But the price/performance puts this restaurant in a league of its own.If you are looking for a romantic, uppish scale experience, with high-quality food that isn't going to cost you the equivalent of a Mac Mini this is a very nice option.We need to invent a new category for this type of restaurant: like 'upscale casual' or something.
Everything we had was bursting w/ flavor, a symphony for the senses! Charming proprietor/chef; wines by the full and HALF glass. Attentive and knowledgeable service. Comparable to higher end restaurants, but not as expensive. The tables are rather close together. However, something about the acoustics still allowed for private conversation. We didn't have to shout across the table. Give it a try, won't you? C U there!
Food:Highlights were the French Toast desert (get it!) and the "Fish Taste," which was a large Bay Scallop on top of a basil risotto and a lobster bisque sauce.Service:Michael our waiter was great, he sent us a couple on the house items per the occasion, and was very attentive.Space:Definitely a smaller/intimate restaurant so it's hard to have a private dining experience, but I don't really mind that.Cost:We had a bottle of wine so that jacked things up but $46 bucks for a 4-course meal is pretty good, considering the quality. I'll have to try the $28 early-bird 3-course, that's a great deal.All and all, great restaurant and great service...did I mention to get the French Toast, single best desert I've ever had.
The onion soup was delicious. I like more cheese, but I know that's not how it's typically done.On a lark, I ordered the Vegetarian Napolean - and it was excellent. I'm quite carnivorous, but was totally satisfied.We shared profiteroles for desert, and I was a tad disappointed. Could have been better. The pastry wasn't quite to my liking - but I seem to have different taste in pastry dough than most.
Although the overall experience here was spectacular, it really is the service that makes it memorable and worth returning to. The managers are friendly without hovering, and have an impeccable sense of timing. And they personally see you to the door when you're done. I guess this is a sign of a true neighborhood restaurant, even one that is soaring. Food was perfect. From a bright and clean asparagus soup (complimentary with the prix fixe), to precisely cooked entrees, and a truly mouthwatering finish - apple custard tart with chestnut puree and hazelnut ice cream. Loved it!
So disappointing and it was for a birthday dinner. It was lacklaster. This is the first time going on the 2nd Ave. I used to go to the 15th Ave. We were seated near the door, so every time the door opened, the draft hit me. The attention wasn't there. Our water wasn't filling the water glass until it was gone. There were probably two waiters and two other staff, and the owner's wife, who did all the heavy lifting. We had the early bird special for $29.95. I had the tart for the appetizer and only tasted the cheese. I had the baby chicken, very bland. The Profiteroles had a uff of liquor in the chocolate sauce that I liked. The creme brulee didn't have any taste, where's the vanilla beans? I guess the only thing that was good was the free appetizer-eggplant/garlic crusted bread. Nothing on the menu was exciting. No salmon! No rack of lamb. The Napolean wasn't at all Napolean. It was just some wafers and some cut up fruits. The brazini-bland. The room was small, very lively conversations. If you talk louder, everyone talked louder. I really didn't like that they add tax to the Health fee. That is not right. You add it after the meal total. We shouldnt' be paying tax on the Health fee. What is SF coming to?
Crowded, noisy but a great place.
I have been here three times. The food is good (not great). The Early Bird and Prix Fixed dinners are a deal. I have ordered the Cassoulet de Toulouse twice because you cannot get this dish at very many restaurants. The Cassoulet here is much, much better than the one offered at Chouquet in Pacific Heights (which was merely a duck leg on top of beans).
When it comes to people raving about French food, I just roll my eyes. It's creamy, stuffy, and in some cases, just gross. So when my parents were in town and got all excited about scoring a reservation at Chapeau, I cringed and reluctantly agreed to join them.But guess what? I was wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong wrong. At least, wrong about Chapeau.They start you off with some french bread (but of course!) and some asparagus soup. I'm not a fan of soups that are that buttery, but in this case was wishing I'd ordered a full out bowl. Next it was the smoked trout, and I must say this was the best appetizer I've ever had. Here I am writing this review 3 weeks later, and I can still taste it. We also tried the mussels and escargot, both were prepared well and paired nicely.  For the main course, I opted for the duck and it was splendid.  Caramelized pears was tangy but not over the top.  The lamb was also a great selection.Ended with the blueberry custard. Deeeelish.This little dinner deal runs for under $40 a person if I recall. For the quality of the food and service, that was the score of the week. You could easily spend twice that at a steak place downtown. And to think - little Chapeau is just a 5 minute walk from my place!
My husband and I received a gift card for Chapeau from a good friend as a gift for our wedding. I have not eaten at many French restaurants and was excited to try it! The atmosphere was quiet and intimate. We had early reservations so the restaurant was only half full which was nice. They spaced the guests out so we weren't sitting right next to someone, which I liked. Our waiter was very helpful with the menu and quite attentive. To begin, we ordered the Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic which was a delicious prelude to my entree. My first experience with escargot and definitely not my last! For my entree, I selected the Filet Mignon, Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Sauce  la Prigourdine and was ultimately treated to one of the best steaks I have ever had. Not only was it properly prepared at the medium that I requested, it had the right amount of sauce and mushrooms. Absolutely DELISH!! Daniel ordered the Baked Alaska and I ordered the Warm Valrhona Chocolate Cake with Banana Flambe & Rum-Raisin Ice Cream in Caramel Sauce. We were in HEAVEN!! YUM!!
So what kind of place serves french toast for dessert? MY kind of place! French toast with caramel sauce and hazelnut ice cream.....heaven! Honestly, a first for me but it was so original and the flavors were so outstanding that I had to make this the focus of my review!The main course selection has nice french elements to it. I had the escargot as an app and they were delightful. Although I must say that it is hard to mess up escargot in garlic butter :-).Service was good and friendly. Overall a nice, cozy french inspired restaurant.I would go back :-)
The food and service here is very very good. The chef himself greets you as he makes his rounds to each of his customers, making you feel very welcome in his restaurant. The prix fixe menu here is absolutely worth the $38, since everything on the menu is extremely good. I've been here twice with my girlfriend and we've tried several items on the menu:appetizers: escargot - a little too buttery, oily, and salty for memesclun salad - pretty goodtiger prawns - sooooooo gooooood!!!salad with duck confit - a bit disappointing, and it gave my friend the stomach flu!entrees:skate wing & cod - both fishes were very very good!desserts: french toast - very good but a bit soggy for me. it's huge!profiteroles - yummmmm!basil napoleon - a bit too simple to mewarm chocolate cake - veryyyyy delicious!Service here is excellent; the waiters come around pretty often. The chef also waves his guests goodbye with a kiss on the cheek, so that was nice. The only thing is that the food here has given my girlfriend and I dietary problems the few times we've been here. I get stomach aches and my friend gets the stomach flu, so I dunno what it is.... But come try at your own risk!
This is my first French restaurant. Went there on Thanksgiving day, to my surprise the place was packed. We had a reservation for 8:45, they seated us on time . We order 1 appetizer, 2 entrees , 2 desserts and 2 glasses of wine. Appetizer was excellent Fried Black Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo Dough. The 2 entrees were :Filet Mignon, and that day special- baby chicken. Dessert were: Basil Napoleon and Warm Chocolate Cake Banana Flambe/ Rum & Banana Ice Cream/ Caramel Sauce.If you love chocolate you will love this dessert. I will go back there again. The owner was there to greet us when come in and leaving.
I hate to do this to you because I would have defended your reputation with my life. And I would like to qualify the star rating by saying that any other restaurant would've gotten only one for my past experience with you. But we have history...Thank you for taking my reservations for new year's eve at 9:15 the same afternoon. Our table was ready the minute we walked through the door and our glasses of champagne came quickly. However, that was the last thing to come quickly.I understand. It's busy. But you're always busy.  The champagne glasses were empty for a while before I had to ask for a wine list because I was never given one initially. My boyfriend and I sat there for 1 hour before our first course was served. And we were only served because I reminded you we haven't eaten when I saw the tables next to us get food even though they came a half hour after we were seated. The only other time the service was quick was at the end of the night when you were trying to get everyone out.     Perhaps the fact that we were neglected the whole evening would not have been so noticeable had the tables next to us not received such good attentive service. And the tables are 6 inches apart. I'm sure you could look over and check in once a while. And the food. I've had dinner there many times, and one other time to ring in the new year. Food was always phenomenal. This dinner was less than that. The soupy chocolate dessert has to go. I saw an episode of Check Please featuring Chapeau and Phillippe said that in order for a restaurant to be successful, it has to not only excel at the food, but equally at service as well. And if either one of those elements fail, then the restaurant has failed.
My husband and I went to Chapeau on our honeymoon. We were both blown away. Chapeau! has a great food and wine menu, as well as excellent, unpretentious service. Did I mention the unbelievably good deserts?  We look forward to the opportunity to dine there again!
me, my boyfriend and his parents dined at this restaurant for the very first time. right when we stepped inside the restaurant, we were welcomed with warmth from the head chef.setting: they have a bar on the left side of the restaurant and a tidy setup for their tables due to the minimal space that they have. the restaurant was packed with people when we arrived around 7pm and it was filled with noise...food: they have set menus that you can create yourself!! reasonable prices too. =) $38 for appetizer/entree/dessert and $46+ for appetizer/fish tasting/entree/dessert.i enjoyed my pork tenderloin entree, the gravy sauce had a hint of sweetness which worked rather well w/ the pork. my bf had the filet mignon, which he enjoyed. his parents had the rack of lamb and the salmon. the rack of lamb was delicious and the salmon was ok, the sauce was a big flavor-less.we had the basil napolean and the vanilla bean creme brulee (both very delicious!!) cant go wrong. =)and we had some dark chocolate covered cream puffs w/ ice cream in it (complimentary) quite delicious! thinking about it, makes me want some right now. my 1st experience here has been satisfying, i ntend to dine here again...possibly with some of my girlfriends.
Since it was more of a last minute decision, I couldn't make a reservation until 8:30, however hunger pangs made us drive in early and hope for an open table.From the moment you enter the door to the time you leave, you forget that you are even in San Francisco. Philippe, the head chef and owner greeted us, shook my hand, took our coats and even though we were an hour early, managed to seat us within minutes.The 3 course menu is quite a deal and the courses never felt rushed. The staff was exceedingly friendly and helpful, especially with the wine selection and the food tasted as beautiful as it looked.I cannot say enough good things about this place and would recommend it for any special occasion. The small size and cozy atmosphere allows a more personal feel.PS: If you actually just want a quick bite, sit at the bar and order mussels. The portions is perfect and along with the fries can get you quite full.
The food here isn't bad, but after dining here three or four times, I truly believe the place is over-rated. If you go, try to go early to catch their early bird menu which is not a bad deal. The tables are cramped (way too close together) and the sound level of the small dining area is loud. The chef genuinely seemed to care and its funny to see him go out of his way to kiss female patrons upon their departure. Although I didn't see him during my recent visit, the sommelier there years ago (not sure if he's still there) took it upon himself to drink a sizeable amount from each bottle, way more than is the norm, even for a sommelier. During a business dinner, my associates were cracking up at how much he was having. One dinner at this restaurant that I will never forget was because of the hostess last year. I believe she is also the wife of the chef/owner. She was asian, but had a French accent all night. Now thats fine, but when some neighboring customers politely complained about their disatisfaction with the location of their table, she was extremely rude and her accent magically went away. I have to admit, it was pretty hilarious. Ever see the Flintstones episode where they were in a fancy place and the waiter's fancy French accent went away? Fred asked him what happened to his accent and the waiter spit out, "It's resoived (reserved) for paying customers" :) All joking aside, it was a real turnoff to see that and it ruined the celebratory dinner mood for me. It was pretty tacky.If the hostess had not done that and would come off her high horse a little, I might have given four stars as the food on a good night can be pretty good, especially during my previous visits in the past.
Just had my bday dinner here. I absolutely loved all the dishes we had. Be prepared to wait a long time between courses. Waiter/server are really friendly. I would dine here again in the future maybe not for dinner.
The dishes here are a total hit or miss, so be warned. I do have to admit that I had high expectations due to other yelp reviews (It's actually the only reason I came here), but service and food was generic - everything from the owner greeting you at the door to the food. I was not impressed at all with the appetizers and I was not able to stomach my entree, Cassoulet de Toulouse. This dish was a mess, a couple pieces of lamb, sausage, and duck leg thrown in with some pinto beans? overpowered by salt. The waiter asked if I wanted to take home the rest of my food. I said "No thanks, this dish was too salty." Instead of acknowledging my statement, he says "Ohhh yes, this dish is very powerful, many, many flavors." A few other mishaps and the waiter trying to be funny, but overcompensating for his lack of humor adds to this place being generic. I would not try again.
The food here is incredible - I felt like I was in France again. The wine menu was diverse and the dessert (creme brullee) perfect.I did have a few complaints. The wine list was not quite up-to-date, and the place is a bit cramped. The tables on either side of us were seated after us, yet they were served more quickly and left quite a while before we did.
Since this place has more than 1000 reviews...I'll keep this one short n sweet :) First of all, I don't like french food all that much and plus the portion is always on the small side...so I'm def not a fan. But the moment I walked into this place I immediately fell in love with the coziness of the place. It is perfect for a romantic dinner or an intimate gathering of close friends. My favorite was def the Filet Mignon and the french toast! it is a must try when you're in this restaurant :) I can go on and on about the french toast so I'll stop right now...trust me...for me to give 5 stars for a french restaurant is def not an easy thing to do.
My first French restaurant in the city and it did not disappoint! Came here for a co-worker's birthday and the place was not as packed if you get seated early. As an added bonus, they have the early bird special which is pretty much a selection of courses that are on the actual menu, only less expensive. I loved love loved this place. Our server was friendly and the owner even graciously greets everyone in his restaurant! That is what I look for in a restaurant. If the owner, who actually cooks and makes the menu himself, can acknowledge his customers, you can actually feel the passion and his love for cooking when you taste the food. I had the salmon trio for the first course which was absolutely delightful, followed by a pesto risotto in lobster bisque sauce which was probably the best risotto I've tasted (mind you, pesto is one of my favorite things on this planet), then the duck breast cooked to a tee, and then ended it with French toast on soft caramel and hazelnut ice cream. I could not be more ecstatic about my first French restaurant here in SF. Parking was not a problem for us, though it could be if you go at around dinner time. Overall, this is a must for everyone who's willing to shed a couple of bills, but it's well worth it for sure. Absolutely recommended.
I really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. This place was the first French restaurant I've ever been to. The servers provided excellent service. The food came out really quickly. The portions were bigger than I expected. One complaint was the difficulty level of finding parking. But that is expected in the city. I would definitely go back!
My favorite French restaurant in San Francisco, possibly in the whole world. On Sunday, I ate at Chapeau for the second time, and it was just as wonderful as the first time around. After a long day of sightseeing, we arrived at 5:30pm and went with the early bird fixed menu. The meal started off with an amuse bouche and salmon tartar appetizer (salmon is the new tuna by the way). I had the duck entree and finished off with the pumpkin creme brulee. (I'm not a pumpkin fan, but they did an amazing job here.)All in all, great food, impeccable service, and phenomenal value. I enthusiastically recommend Chapeau to all of our friends.P.S. Chapeau's chef used to greet every incoming and outgoing diner. I thought it was a nice touch, but apparently he doesn't do that anymore. Perhaps the chef changed?
Don't get me wrong, the staff is super friendly and the restaurant is cute and cozy. But the bottom line is I'm there for the food.We went for dinner last night and had the prix fixe menu, with asparagus/goat cheese, escargot as appetizers, fish taste was tiger prawn with risotto, filet mignon, lamb loin as entrees and blueberry pastry and apple tart as dessert.Appetizers were good, but the tiger prawn and risotto dish was oversalted, filet and lamb were decent cuts but not particularly flavorful (we didn't feel inclined to finish either) and the dessert tasted fine, but seemed like they brought them in from some neighborhood pastry shop?Bread was not noteworthy (I'm not sure what previous reviewers were talking about), we had excellent glasses of wine (cote de rhone in particular) and nice champagne (but at $12/glass would appreciate a warning next time).Overall, the presentation was nice but the flavors not sharp and clear enough. The ingredients didn't seem fresh, or they compromised on quality for cheaper ingredients. Our total bill came to $150 before tax, with not nearly enough value delivered for me to return or recommend to friends. Chapeau! will give you a very pleasant dining experience, but would benefit greatly by transferring some of that excellence in service over to the mediocre food. Any of my fellow foodies would agree this restaurant has been over-rated on yelp and 3 is a truer score.
The food is lovely, and the owner is a delight--kissing every guest, every time! However, 3 strikes at this place for me. It is so busy--either it is understaffed or unorganized. I have been seated late with a rez for 4 the last 3 visits, and waited over an hour for the entree, extending a weeknight dinner out to nearly three hours. They need to tighten it up, as I am reticent to take others there right now.
Yelper LIz C reminded me of this tiny French restaurant that I tried long time ago. The food was decent, I remember the foie gras was tasty. I had a duck dish too, the meat was so soft that I didn't even need a fork to get it out. The restaurant was a little cramped though. I felt like I have to watch out my conversation. Overall, I had a good meal, will come back here if I am in the neighborhood.
An absolutely stellar experience from beginning to end! We were out 'n about on a Friday , foggy night in the Inner Richmond- not our standard stomping ground. We stumbled upon Chapeau! completely by chance & had the very good fortune of being seated (and NOT near the door!) in a cozy table for two. Ooh la la! The menu was lovely!Our waiter guided us toward the prix fixe 3 course dinner (for $38.00!!!) and we took advantage of this remarkable deal. Here's the goods:The Big Man had:A half dozen oysters on the half shell with mignonette sauceSea Bass with fava beansHe opted out on dessertHis opinion: Everything was divine!He also enjoyed 2 glasses of a delicious Cote du Rhone which he pronounced to be "leathery & so good"...I thoroughly enjoyed:A frisee salad with duck confit, croutons, & a small & delicate sliver of foie grasAtlantic hickory-smoked salmon on a bed of pureed Kabocha squash with beurre blancVanilla bean creme brulee1 Kir Royale1 glass ChampagneHappy, Happy, Plus Happy Meal!!Extra points go to the lovely couple seated next to us who knew all the lyrics to one of my all-time favorite ditties: Groucho Marx singing"Lydia the Tattoo'd Lady"Swell evening! Delicious food, sublime wait service, who could ask for more? We will gladly return!
I love french food and I love Chapeau! I came here with a group and we all enjoyed it. The ambience is great and the service very good. The food was amazing. I remember having the filet mignon and thinking it was utterly perfect. Tender, pink, buttery. I will be back again!
Absolutely fabulous! The early bird special was a great deal. Service was great, and we were able to meet the chef. The duck breast with polenta entre was the best. The duck breast was juicy and tender, done medium-rare, exactly what I wanted. The heavy peppercorn sauce over with the polenta and some sweet pears on the side made a perfect balance for the dish. As for dessert I had the French toast with hazelnut ice cream on top. The French toast was good, but I prefer the XL crme brulee. Everything was yummy, except for the Basil Napoleon (too heavy on the basil sauce). Can't find another French restaurant in SF that can beat this one!
The food is very good. 4.5 stars. The filet mignon was excellent, and the french toast was amazing. The escargot had too much parseley.The service was kind of annoying. The chef likes to greet everyone as they get there and as they leave, but it's a bit much and doesn't seem sincere.The lady in the front, and our waiter SHOUTED at us throughout the night. Perhaps they can use their indoor voices in the future? And they deliver the bill in a straw hat, which is way too cheesy.Lastly, the portions are fairly big, and with the prix fixe, I was stuffed by the end of the night. I will definitely come here again, but might share an appetizer and desert instead of getting the prix fixe.
Salmon tartare. Escargot. Scallop with risotto. Filet mignon with a side of bone marrow. Delicious!!! Seriously, the food was delicious, the service was great and Chef came out to talk with us a couple times. Just a great experience and pricing was pretty reasonable too! Will definitely have to make a trip back...if only it wasn't so far from us!
Overall I'd say this place is great. The food was delicious, the staff was polite and the service was very quick. The chef comes out to talk to you about your meal and we even got some sort of salmon toast for free.It is a very busy restaurant so make sure you get reservations a day or two before if you want an earlier dinner. Also, as most restaurants in SF are, Chapeau! is.... close. We were elbow to elbow with a couple having a quiet and very uncomfortable argument for over an hour. Finally they left around dessert - which was amazing because the dessert blew my mind! Best dessert I've ever had! It was some kind of ice cream in orange soup. AMAZING!
As a French, I have often been disappointed by the so-called "French restaurants" in California. But after my 2nd dinner in Chapeau (ex-Clementine), I could only say "Bravo !". From the delicious Salade du Sud Ouest to the snails and the pork entree, everyrhing was perfect. Only one quick note: they don't ask if you want a full or half glass on the "wine by the glass" so expect to be charged a full no matter how ... Full it is. But the staff is always friendly and helpful & their food incredibly good.
This place is very decent. The food is unique, quantity small but healthy, service excellent, and atmosphere romantic. Dessert was especially good. One side note is that since this is one of the most popular restaurants in Bay Area, it is recommended that you call to make reservation at least one week in advance.
Ma vraiment chapeau a Chapeau! Oh how I've missed French food, and believe me, the flavors are as authentic as they get! It's a bit pricey, so you'll be better off doing the 3 course prix-fixe.I had the mussels with pomme frites---superbly awesome. I also got to nibble on my companions' appetizers and man was the fois gras with the paired wine amazing. Do not fear the sweetbread because it is surprisingly really good...I'm glad I tried it. My entree was...The lamb loin, mais oui bien sur! Damn that loin was good. I ordered it medium and it came out super juicy on a bed of roasted eggplants and artichoke hearts...man, was it heaven...I took about 30 mins to finish my dish...I wanted to savor every single bite as if it were my last...And for the cherry on the icing, I ordered the divinely delicious Basil Napoleon. It was amazing, that's all I'm gonna say... Go out and get it. Go hurry...One sour note for Chapeau (hence the -1 star) is the less than inviting restroom...I would like to see them upgrade it a bit or even put paper towels to dry my hands!
We dined on a week day and the place was busy,so people must be looking at yelp like we did.The service from the staff was 4 stars but I didn't think the waiter paid that much attention to us.Food I thought was priced a little high for a neighorhood restaurant.Wehad prix fixed menu,3 course.Duck breast was very small but tasty.Short rib was tuffand tasted like the way,the chinese season there stew.I have been to France and this place would be on the lower scale,as for one of the best rated places on yelp for french food I don't agree.The desserts where delish but 9-10 dollars each.Overall 3.5 stars should be there ratingafter spending with tip and reg. drinks $250 for 4 .
My boyfriend and I have had two lovely dates at Chapeau!. Overall, I liked the restaurant a lot, but I do have to knock off a star due to the service on our second visit - it LITERALLY took 45 minutes just to ORDER!That said, the food is wooooonderful. The chef/owner is very friendly, which is a plus and a minus for me, because I think it's a good customer service aspect, but my social-awkwardness is intensified by his warmth.The main reason I insisted we come back is the Creme Brulee. My God that's amazing!! Honestly, the best dessert I've ever had.
You just have to go. That's it.
first time here. came based on yelp. made reservations at 9pm on a friday nite. got there round 850pm n were seated pretty quickly. prior to seating though the owner/head chef greeted n welcomed us. he also made his rounds throughout the nite. very personable. the ambiance of the restaurant was nice n cozy. romantic even. place was packed. definitely make reservations.food:my bf n i ordered the pre fixe menu of appetizer, entree, n dessert $35. more expensive a la carte. i ordered foie gras (absolutely amazing melts in your mouth. definitely an acquired taste n texture); sea scallops with pesto risotto (best ive had! i ate the whole thing!); amazing creme brulee (bummed i couldnt finish the whole thing).my bf ordered artichoke soup (creamy n delicious); filet mignon (he had better at flemings steakhouse); trio sherbet (yummy  palate cleanser for the night).we also for bread n a lil amuse bouche (bite sized app on the house). it was pate on crusty bread. i enjoyed it; my bf didnt. again acquired taste.overall, awesome service n food. what more can u ask for?
Came here a month ago on a weekday; we had a reservation. The $28 early bird special is an excellent deal.The one bad thing is that when we arrived (early), every table was empty so they seated us at one. Awhile later (but before the food arrived), they asked us to move to a different table because the hostess messed up and seated us at a table that someone specifically wanted (?) ... by then, the restaurant was pretty full and they gave us a middle table that was right outside the kitchen. This is a terrible table. People bump into you as they are going in and out of the kitchen.I'll definitely go back ... just try not to sit at that center table right outside the kitchen.
Our go to place for significant events, or when the partner wants to spoil me with good food! LOVE this place. The words I use to describe it is: I die.
Le Chapeau never fails...coming early even makes it greater! Philipe cracks me up when he tries to give everyone a kiss....Food is great; Vibe even greater!See ya there,AugustuS
BF and I came here for our last night in SF. What a quaint and romantic little place. I was greeted by the owner, a very authentic Frenchman. Imagine mine and my bf's surprise when our server was a very authentic Chinaman. I think that kept us entertained/confused the entire night. The food was great. My bf had the pork tenderloin and he says it is his favorite meal from our trip. I had the filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly medium rare. My only complaint is that I felt SO pressured to finish my food. They were constantly pushing us to finish everything we ate. Seriously? I have to save room for the other dishes too! Our check came out in a cowboy hat.... further adding to my confusion. The food was great but I really expected a more authentic feel of a French restaurant.
500 reviews--it has mainly all been covered. The only thing I would really add isBonjourBonjourBonjourBonjour, monsieurBonjour mon petit bureau de changeFoux da FafaFoux da Fafa fa faFoux da FafaAh ee ahFoux da FafaFoux da Fafa fa faFoux da FafaAh ee ah
The food was realllyyyyyy good. I had the filet mignon - super delicious. The Salad Landaise was also tasty - very unique. The atmosphere was comfortable, as well - perfect lighting for a restaurant like this. The noise level was a bit high, but still acceptable. The server was polite and checked up on us every so often. The one star off is for the service at the end. We got the bill and it had a charge in it for an item we didn't order. The server went back to correct the bill, and came back for an even higher amount, because apparently something that we thought was free/on the house costed more than the mistaken charge. -_- You would think a high class restaurant like this wouldn't be so picky about these small mistakes.**Update: I changed it to 5-stars because the owner sent me a really nice email apologizing and explaining the situation. I can see that the service is generally wonderful except that small issue. I also remember that since we went late to our dinner that day, we still haven't moved onto dessert yet by the time Chapeau! actually closed. However, we did not feel rushed at all and fully enjoyed our meal until all the other customers left already. Nice touch on their part.
Having lived in New York for 5 years I feel like I've developed a pretty decent palate (my review of Taco Bell notwithstanding) and in my 6 months so far in San Francisco I have been thoroughly underwhelmed by the quality of food here in SF....Yes, I agree that Chapeau is crowded, the service can be slow, and that it can be on the pricey side.But to me, it was not TOO crowded, the service was not TOO slow and it was not TOO pricey...especially considering the fact that this was, hands down, the most delicious meal I have had in San Francisco. Period.
Very, very good. Wish there was a 4.5* button. We got the 4-course menu for $48 per person (a great deal for the amount and quality of food that we ordered - oysters on the half-shell & french onion soup, duck breast & filet mignon, day boat scallops, and creme brulee & amazing apple tart), plus the sorbet palate-cleanser, plus a fab bottle of wine on our server's recommendation. We had 9p rezis and although it was really busy, the service was fantastic. The tables are really close together, so that brought down my rating just a smidgin. The service wasn't 5* seamless (a couple of times the busboys ran over and didn't do anything, even though they could have picked up our plates), but really, nothing to complain about. Definitely a cute little place with high-quality food & service. We'll be back, fo' sho'.
This is one of the best Franch restaurant I've ever been to. I went there way back in September but I still dream about the food there. Am drooling just thinking about it right now!The restaurant itself is really small and you can almost hear the conversation at the table next to yours. The service is very French, meaning that I didn't find it all this attentive. However, it didn't deter me from truly enjoying my food. I am pretty sure everything on the menu is fabulous. What I truly enjoyed was the apple pie with the Hazelnut ice cream. I think it was the best dessert I ever had in my life.Bah am out...am drooling again!
My boyfriend Alex surprised me and taken me to Chapeau! last night for my birthday. I told my waiter after I ate my meal, that it was best birthday dinner I had ever had.Props to this place being open on a Monday. My birthday fell on a Monday this year and many fancy restaurants are just not open on Mondays. And with all the high reviews on Yelp, he knew that he wanted to take me here.There is a lady's face in the window etched on the glass but no visible sign saying the name of the restaurant. So Alex wasn't sure we were at the right spot until I asked him, "Is it a French bistro?". He said yes, I said I'm pretty sure this is it then, and then we walked inside.No one acknowledged us until the chef came out to greet me with a hug. That was quite a shock but felt really nice. We arrived 15 minutes late for a reservation at 8:30 because Alex had a harder time finding parking than expected. That did not matter at all, they had a place for us.The decor was simple yet classy. Dimmed lighting, a white rose in a vase on each table, no need for candles. There was a handful of people there already enjoying dinner when we arrived. Majority of the waiters and the owner are actually Frenchmen, I understand enough French from high school to tell that they were truly speaking it to one another and not just some person with a fake accent. Their accents might make it hard to understand them but they are not offended if you ask for clarification.We shared a Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic appetizer. I ordered the Pan Seared Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast, Creamy Truffled Polenta, Salsifies, Pears & Grapes, Green Peppercorn Sauce. They will ask you how you want the duck done, which threw me off for him asking, so I just said medium. Alex got the Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin.The baguette was a nice combination of crispy and soft, accompanied by a warm plate with a slab of butter on it. More places need to do this, makes the butter so easy to spread. The escargots were mouthwatering, with plenty of garlic and butter, and very tender. I always have to get them when I'm dining on French food. And they were good enough to impress my boyfriend as well (it was his first time eating escargots) that he would be willing to eat them again. Plus you will have enough sauce after you finish to dip the baguette into.Dinner arrived promptly with an oh so delicate presentation. The tender pears and grapes on my plate were just arranged so perfectly, yet there was plenty of them to savor. I have had duck before but never like this, this was exquisite! The duck was not too fatty or stringy, it was just perfect. This green peppercorn sauce it was in was one of the most flavorful, indulgent sauces for meat that I have ever had in my life. I wish I could learn how to recreate it! Truffled polenta was the right, light and creamy texture with the truffle essence slightly enhancing the grain. I ate every single bite, not even thinking I could pull of the feat, because it was THAT delicious! Alex really like his pork tenderloin, it was stacked so neatly on the mashed potatoes. I don't eat bacon so I didn't try his meat but he said it was tender and tasty. He did say to me that I need to try the potatoes: I couldn't place the herbs and spices used there, but it was unique and pleasant. Alex asked for the dessert menu. They told us they were out of the Tarte du Jour which was fine by us. After much deliberation, I had to go for the cheese plate in lieu of something sugary. Also, another reason Alex picked this restaurant, he knows I love my cheese! On the cheese plate was Saint Agur (Monts du Velay, Auvergne, [Cow]), Sainte-Maure (Caprifeuille, Valle de la Loire, [Goat]), Comt (Massif jurassien, [Cow]), Marshall's Farm Orange Blossom Natural Honey, Marshall's Farm Natural Honey, Unfiltered-Raw, Apple & Walnuts. Alex told them to leave the walnuts off the plate and they had no problem doing that. The cheese plate arrived and there was a lit candle stuck in the wedge of bleu cheese! I was astonished, birthday cheese for me! Alex told them that it was my birthday when making the reservation, they made a note of it! As I finally decided on a wish, I blew out the candle... it came back to life. So they pulled the trick candle on me, no worries, just means I got a dozen wishes! My favorite was the Comte cow cheese, which was a harder cheddar. There were many complex flavors to this cheese, with a bit of nuttiness. Alex enjoyed the goat cheese the most, which was very buttery and creamy. And the bleu cheese was very soft, not too pungent and sharp. It came with very light and crisp apples thinly sliced and stuck together vertically. I'm still trying to figure out how they did that. They also had grapes on the plate (perhaps instead of the walnuts) along with a very delicate honey. A wonderful way to end the meal.Go here, eat divine food, feel very welcome :0).
Best french food in SF by far... I ate one of the best cassoulette of my life.
Delicious is the word that matches this restaurant. Cozy restaurant with a nice environment and good food. The tasting fish of the night which scallop risotto was probably one of the tastiest food i ever had, crave for every single day. Recommended, should go give it a try.
I am trying really hard to find some way to make a joke that incorporates the name of this restaurant with the colloquialism "I'll eat my hat", but I am drawing a blank. You'll have to excuse me, it's almost Friday, and I think half of my brain is still in Mexico and the other half is still at a Memorial Day BBQ.I will say that the food and service at Chapeau was no joke. We showed up really late for our reservation because Lisa ran out of gas on her way to meet me (take it from one who knows, when you drive a Yaris, it's hard to accept that the car doesn't run on air and fairy dust). While showing up late for a res is a sin punishable by starvation at many restaurants in this city, Chapeau graciously held our table and gave us a warm welcome when we arrived, Lisa smelling of gasoline and me smelling of the glass of cheap white wine I choked down at the Nag's Head while waiting for Lisa to refuel. Our server was quick and professional throughout the meal, attentive without being intrusive, and knowledgeable about the menu.I heart Chapeau for daring to go where no French restaurant has gone before- a vegetarian prix fixe menu. And the dishes were creative and tasty, especially the vegetable Napoleon entree, a concoction with lentils and veggies and curry that I managed to keep shoveling into my already full stomach. (Portions are not for the faint of heart at Chapeau.) The dessert was vanilla bean creme brulee in what seemed to be a full sized pie pan. I managed to put most of that away, too, with a glass of delicious Muscat. The wine list has a lot of good options at fair prices, though I have no idea how much Lisa spent on the amazing Burgundy we had with our entrees. (Dinner was my birthday present, and I am not telling whether I put out afterward or not, you'll just have to be curious.) We kicked off the meal with some perfectly dry, crisp bubbles as well.All the prix fixe menus are priced at less than $50, so you can have a leisurely, decadent French bistro experience without completely breaking the bank. Chapeau, I take off my hat to you! (There, see, I kind of did it...)
This place is delicious.Nestled in a quiet Richmond neighborhood, Chapeau! quickly became my top French restaurant in San Francisco. The prices were fantastic, the wine selection was good, the special of the day (Prime Rib-- can you believe it?) was phenomenal. Too bad we didn't order it -- it simply was tempting us from across the room. The sweetbreads, though, were delicious.The coolest thing was the chef/owner came out to pour and share a glass of our wine with us. You don't get to see that very often.It is a cozy place, but the prices and quality of food more than make up for it.
A crazy affable french chef works here who will come out to ensure you loved your meal. I dig the personality and the food.
attentive wait staff, cozy atmosphere - i didn't like that I was able to hear the convos around me or vice versa. lemon drop cocktails - deliciously strong.fois gras was extremely fresh - my friend loved it. so we switched appetizers and i ended up enjoying the trio salmon. OMG... i am still dreaming and salivating over the trio salmon. they toasted the capers, which was a nice touch since it didn't over power the salmon.mmmm.... the scallop in lobster bisque was good, but nothing i'd crave again. the special for the night was a fillet sting-ray - it was delicious! the fish was super light and tasty. i ordered the duck confit and lamb shank which was on a bed of beans (i didn't realize there would be so much beans). the waiter warned me it would be heavy. it was good, but nothing i would order again. i was stuffed, and we didn't get to order dessert... maybe next time. i think i'll just order 3X the trio salmon as my appetizer and meal. lol. the best part of the night was when my friend turned his plate 180 degrees to show me his beautifully plated trio salmon and the waiter came by to turn it back around.
Absolutely first rate. The real deal - a proper, unpretentious and informal French restaurant serving proper French food from a kitchen with a proper French chef (as amply evidenced by his Gallic -- as opposed to French -- kissing of my wife as we were leaving). We loved it and fully intend to become regulars.
It's amazing for the price and atmosphere. Cozy, excellent service, almost always packed with a great wine list and a rotating prix-fixe menu. Just $35 for three courses or $45 for four courses. Despite those great prices, I ended up with a bill at over $375 because our table of three kept ordering appetizers and wine. It was that good.It's great for a date or a small get together with friends. While the place is small, it's not stuffy and you do feel like you're sitting in France at a little bistro. Reservations are a must and parking is kind of tough late in the evening.
So good! The owner was there and incredibly hospitable, obviously very interested in maintaining the quality of his restaurant in terms of both experience and good. Service was amazing, food was excellent (I had gem squah stuffed with veggies and topped with POTATO CHIPS!) It was gourmet food with whimsy, a lot of depth to each course. The wine list was extensive and I wouldn't hesitate to go back!
My favorite restaurant that I've tried in the city hands down!The food is absolutely amazing! My bf and I opted to get the three course pre-fix menu. For starters I had the Mesclun salad, its a green salad with Dijon and grapes. its very light and had just the right amount of sweet and sour. My bf had the fra gras. I was a little hesitant to take a bite of it because thinking about what it actually is kind of made me sick but I'm so glad I did. It is lightly seared and just divine. It melts in your mouth. Next we had the filet and the duck. Both were very tender and cooked to perfection. For dessert I had the sorbet and he had the tart, which were both really tasty The service was really good and our waiter was very attentive. Make sure you make a reservation before you come because it is a very popular venue.
Went there last night for my birthday. Lauren was helping my husband and I through the menu. We had the scallops, lamb, salad with foie gras,and the meringue dessert in orange sauce. It was so delicious. I'll definitely will come back again!
The early bird menu is fantastic! The escargot and the foie gras are very flavorful and worth beyond their price. Who'd ever think of a great French find in Asian-dominated lower avenues? I love my fella for living just about a couple of blocks away.
2.5 stars3 hours for a 3 course meal??????!!!! WTH!!! Your lucky that I liked my date and we had something to talk about! We arrive early for our reservations Friday night. They were nice enough to seat us early but thats where the great service ends.They seated us in a corner by the kitchen in the back. At first I was okay with it until I heard one of the staff cursing up a storm about some dish. It was funny until i had to listen to it for the whole 3 hours we were there. I thought this place was suppose to be fine dining? I was not impress with the food. Nothing I had left a great WOW factor to me. Food was bleh. One more thing ... How many times do I have to ask in 3 hours to get a refill on my freakin lemonade??!!!??!?!?!?!? Its not hard people!
I went for my birthday. The chef is very congenial and attentive. He doesn't greet everyone as a formality,you can tell he's genuinely interested in getting to know his guests. The brown butter sauce on the pork tenderloin was delicious. It took all my strength to not pick up the plate and lick every last drop of it. Also, get the french toast dessert. Well worth all the accolades. I give it 4 stars because the escargot was good but somewhat generic. Service is good.
Friendly service, nice atmosphere, good (but I wouldn't say great) food, but a bit pricy.
On my second visit to Chapeau, we tried something different. The striped bass was very good, but I liked the filet minion better. It is actually personal preference. The striped bass is very tender; not fishy at all, and I would recommend it for those of you who like eating without having to cut anything. The filet minion is also very tender, but costs a bit more. The baked Alaska was very good, but I prefer the chocolate cake more because I have a sweet tooth. For those who don't like sweets very much, I recommend getting the baked Alaska. I haven't yet tried other desserts, so I have to wait to write about the rest. This time that I went to Chapeau, the food was good, but the waiter D. Laurent, was a bit mean maybe because we look young or we are not French. He had a big attitude towards me and my boyfriend, but during the whole time we were there, we tried to be nice(Since it cost so much, we tried to make the best of everything). When we were ready to order, he ignored us for 20 minutes after he saw us raise our hand, and when he finally came to serve us, he seemed mad about something. I gave him a smile and ordered, but he was cold the whole time. The person who brought us our food was a lady, she was very nice, and at least she smiled. After eating our first course, there were a lot of bread crumbs on the table and when our server came to get our plates, he didn't even look at us. Then he went inside the kitchen and didn't even return to clean our table like the other server did. Then he went to the table next to us and acted very nice to them, he even smiled. This sort of made me mad, and I tried to get my mind off it by cleaning the bread crumbs off the table waiting for the dessert to come. When I was in the middle of putting the crumbs on the napkin, he came ans said "I bet You got some on the floor" then he rolled his eyes in front of me and my boyfriend caught it as well, and he walked away. This was probably the worst time I had ever had on a date at this restaurant. The whole time I was thinking what I did wrong, but then I realized he was probably just thinking I look like a kid. I make money, and I over tip most of the time, I don't know what we did to deserved to be treated the way he treated us.The next time I go there, I will make a request to avoid him.
Like Bruce Willis to a Die Hard movie, the swallows Capistrano or Tom Cruise to yet another Mission Impossible I have returned to Chapeau. The last time I was there was in my pre-Yelp days. I have a hard time reviewing a restaurant I haven't been to in a long time so it's only fair I do it when the experience is fresh. The Chapeau menu has several prix fixe line ups, all reasonably priced. There is a 3 course early bird special (from 5pm to 6pm) for around 26 bucks. The course selections are equally weighted between meat and fish. The service is rather sloppy and unprofessional, although it is attentive. My three courses consisted of a salmon gravlax app, the mussels and fries for a main course and a "basil" infused napoleon for desert. The gravlax was just ok, way too much salmon in a ring mold on a plate with two small cross cut potato chips. It had a few fried capers and some hard boiled egg around the edge of the plate. I would have like to have seen a bit more attention paid to this plate - which could have been great. Three stars. The mussels just got in the way of the excellent wine, butter and garlic sauce at the bottom of the bowl. That stuff alone and some warm crusty bread and I'm in hog heaven. They were good though, all opened nice and clean and easy to remove. Four stars. I'd order this again. The fries were hot and crispy. The Basil Napoleon was plated sideways - not at all what I expected from a napoleon. There was a mixture of tropical fruits, a basil infused syrup and something like a zabaglione. There were three micro thin wafers separating the "layers" placed vertically in the dish. I didn't like it much, but the basil did work very well with the fruit. Two stars for this guy. My wife got the escargots as an appetizer. These were incredible. They were "grilled" in rosemary skewers and served with thinly sliced potatoes. I'd never had them this way and would definitely get these next time. Four stars and a real redeemer. Overall, this is 3 and a half - rounded up to four since the service is what bothered me so much. It wasn't rude, just... sloppy. That's the only way I can put it.
We loved this place! We recently went for our anniversary and made reservations, which was a good thing to do. Small place, but there were people outside waiting to eat. The staff was so friendly and we even got complimentary soup from the chef. I had the steak and she had fish, which were very good and the portion was perfect. Worth every penny and due to being our first visit to an authentic French restaurant, we will continue coming here.
This place is really nice place. It's small but food were so good. Nice environment and people. We went there without reservation, but the girl greeted us very nice and we had a table like in only few minutes. It's very crowded. I ordered Salmon Trio Appetizer it's so good and escargot and filet mignon. All the food delicious. Service was great. Highly recommend this place!!! I will absolutely come again.
Absolutely amazing. Every single dish we had (there were 4 of us and we all tried different things) was presented magnificently and tasted great. The service was superb - we had a baby with us (which creates quite a bit of chaos), but despite of that the attention and patience we got from the staff (and the Chef who came out at the end of our meal) was exceptional.
I overpaid and I am not being a total grouch about it. Lemme explain...So everyone knows about their pretty slick deal of 3-courses for $38 and it isn't just on Tuesdays or before 6:00pm. It's every day, any time. French food usually isn't that affordable. So you think... ok they must use rancid butter, clumpy cream, and they serve faux gras. No, no!Anyways, I was really eager to come here after so many great recs. The waiter told us the specials and the only real thing I chose to hear was "Blah blah foie gras! bleh foofyblah..." I didn't hear the part that it was an extra $6 if you wanted to apply it to the prix fixe. Oh well, who cares, it was foieckin' delicious! Caramelized, crispy fat basically sums up the texture. The waiter eagerly came by and recommended a dessert wine that married perfectly with the richness of the foie. I agreed to a taste.After doing so, my friends were laughing so hard... "Chris! Omg, you should totally see your face. You have THE biggest smile right now." It was entirely involuntary. Same way a doc taps your knee for a reflex, good food knocks a big grin to my face!The waiter continued to encourage me that this was so great and I felt very obliged to have a 2nd helping. My entree was just as decadent . I had the king of cuts - Filet Mignon! Oh wow, a filet on a $38 prix fixe. Excellent. It was a tad salty and wasn't quite luscious like my past experiences and would have preferred it moo'ing a little bit more. The bill comes... omfg... someone give me a chainsaw, it's gonna cost my left arm! Like the foie gras, I failed to read that it is another extra $6 for the filet mignon (only item with that exception). I should have known! But with good food, I practically have horse blinders on. And then... I really felt my teeny sample of the dessert wine was complimentary... like I thought it was just a kind gesture from Chapeau! that good food should be experienced this way. But no another $6 gets tacked on for that small sample. And I had a half of a half bottle of wine... $15 (for HALF of a HALF!!!) So carry the 1, multiply by 2, and add my left arm, I paid about $80 just for me alone.Had the food been crap and the servers not as darling as they were, I would have protested at least over that sneeky dessert wine. But damn you all for preparing such a lovely meal. I will come back and really read and hear the menu. I will bring exactly $47.41 ($38 + 8.5% + 15%) to assure that I don't have to fork over my right arm the next go around.
My best meal had in San Francisco . The food is amaizing.have been many french restaurants in new York, this one is better than ever.it's a small restaurant and always need to make RSVP even weekdays. The food I had: scallion, grilled bass and oxtail, Escargot, salmon , and foie gras .
The early bird dinner special here is a foodie jackpot! Having done extensive research on the gazillion dining choices in San Francisco, we set our sights on this hidden gem. We were not disappointed. Each dish was perfectly executed and the service was outstanding. Especially loved the beet soup, Foie Gras, cassoulet, and duck confit. Best value French dining in this expensive city!
Fun fact that I learned and actually retained from the Chapeau! Menu: In French, chapeau means hat. chapeau! means wow. What happens when you have exclaim, "hat!" ? I've been waiting to be chapeau!'d for a long time. I got my parents a gift certificate to the place before I even really knew that the Richmond neighborhood existed a few Christmases ago...in hopes that they would share their dinner with me. Luckily, I was right, and we booked a reservation at 6pm for four last Sunday. We didn't have to worry about the tables-being-to-close issue, as we scored the table by the window, which was separated from the rest of the pack. We brought some red Pinot Noir with us to cork (I think it's around $18 per bottle.)We considered trying the prix fix menu (choosing one app, main dish & dessert) but also wanted to share a few things, so our waiter assured us not to worry about figuring out the combinations, which was nice, and didn't put pressure on us to order a la carte or prix fix or both. My boy and I started with a few oysters, which were very French (which translates in my mind to rich & creamy). They were excellent (even without champagne) and a lot cheaper than the mediocre oysters at Pier 23. Next, we passed around the brie appetizer, which was placed atop a crispy nest of potatoes--kind of like hash browns, the French onion soup--hearty and flavorful, and mesculan salad which had a simple but tasty dressing and a few grapes. It was a good mix.Right before the next courses came out, I told the boy that he was very adventurous in ordering the sweetbreads. When he asked why and I confirmed exactly what kind of "meat" they were, I think he became a little apprehensive to dive right in and savor every bite. Although at the end of the meal his plate was clean, so I didn't feel too bad for ruining the surprise. I had the Coc au vin, which was very rich. Strong bold flavors. Lovely sauce. Definitely one tasty, tender rooster. I tried my mom's bacon-wrapped pork and my dad's sea bass, but overall I was happy with my choice. I'm not a big dessert person, although I think this was my favorite part of the meal thanks to the "classic French profiterolles" that we ordered. Light and fluffy homemade miniature pastries with decadent rich chocolate sauce flowing atop and creamy vanilla ice cream inside = insanely good. The crme brulee, usually my favorite, was also good. The chocolate cake was just ok. After a good three hours, we received a chapeau with the check, and waited a bit more, then rolled ourselves out. Overall it was very good, but I'm open to see if newly acquired Clementine is better.
I had no idea this place even existed until I came here last night for a birthday dinner (excellent choice on the part of the planner). It's small and crowded, but very cozy. Our reservation was on the later end, so we ended up being the last party in the restaurant, which was fine by us. As others have noted, the chef/owner and his wife are friendly and obviously take pride in their restaurant. In addition, the staff is also friendly, attentive and quite helpful. Even though we brought our own birthday cake, they cut it, plated it and decorated each plate beautifully. In terms of the food...well, you'll have to try it for yourself to truly appreciate it. Their prix fixe menu is a really great deal too. Their wine list is extensive and we had several excellent bottles of champagne, and wine (both red and white). All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience...I can't wait to go back!
I like their prix fix menu! various selections. waiters are attentive. my bf and I were very satisfied with our food and wine. extremely full after a 3 course meal.
By far, Chapeau is the best French restaurant in the city. There are very few places where I enjoyed everything from the first to the last course. And Chapeau is one of them. Loved the warm french bread. Loved the asparagus soup amous bouche. Loved the grilled escargot on a bed of new potatoes and roasted garlic. Loved the sweet seared scallops with squid ink-infused risotto. Loved the pan seared duck breast with polenta, grapes and pear. And above all, loved the warm chocolate cake with vanilla raisin ice cream. Seriously, it was amazing French from start to finish. And the service was very friendly and very attentive.Five solid stars. Highly recommended.
I am doing a project in my French Class to go eat at a French restaurant and I could not have picked a better place for my first French Food Experience! This place was absolutely wonderful! I can't tell you enough how cozy this place was. The lighting was dim yet romantic. The Chef was ABSOLUTELY wonderful, he was very personable and made sure his guests were happy, (and happy I was). I have been to many restaurants but not one where the Chef comes out to greet you and by the way gave me a kiss on each cheek, which is so French! I loved it! Not only did he greet at the enterance, he checked on our table a couple more times just to make sure we were pleased with his food. His food was beautiful, the presentation was great. Oh and delicious, I picked from the Vegetable Menu, and everything including the desert was great, I am not sure what I ate, but it was ALL GOOD!I highly recommend this place just even if it is for the ambiance! It is a little pricey though, but that did not matter.
A fine dining restaurant in the middle of the richmond district. In all the commotion of Clement street lies a little French Bistro. Upon our arrival, Chef Philippe Gardelle greeted us and lead us to our table, it is a breathe of fresh air when the chef comes out of the kitchen to interact with the customers. We ordered the 4 course prix fixed menu, this was the first time I ever get to try Skate Wing fish, to my surprise it was very delicious. We also had a cheese pairing dessert. All in all the meal was exquisite and the service was impeccable. I will definitely come back here as the price is actually very reasonable for the quality of food. To top things off, I got some action after the meal too =) by action I meant packing for my trip the next day.
Very nice and high quality food for the price. This is a repeated visit. Actually, I would have given 5 stars but they pack tables very close together. I mean they are real close that I had to endure the annoying woman sitting next to our table all evening. She was complaining all night saying it's low end Americanized French food, like In-and-out burger. She also said the wine in Trader Joe's is better. Hello, I guess you order the wine and you get what you order, lady.I overheard she mentioned yelp so I hope she reads this. She is really obnoxious. I really feel sorry for the guy who took her out.Now back to Chapeau, again good food for the price. Will go back and hope you eliminate a few tables to make more space between them.
The food was spot on. The prices are amazing for the high quality of food served. Service was just perfect. My favorite things include: fresh hot bread and butter, foie gras on buttery brioche toast and the floating island dessert. I plan on eventually trying everything on the menu at least twice.
My husband and I dined at Chapeau! for our anniversary dinner. Overall, it was a great experience. The food was near superlative, the scene was bustling, and the atmosphere was intimate yet casual. The only note that did not quite keep up was the service, which strived for the same greatness, but missed on a number of levels.We enjoyed Chapeau! during Dine About Town, which featured a 3-course prix fixe menu for $34.95 - a truly great deal for food of this caliber. Even if you strayed from this menu and stuck to the regular offering (which my husband did), it was only a mere few dollars more. I began with an excellent Mesclun salad with grapes, pistachios, fried camembert and walnut bread. The combination of flavors here was just right - and the walnut bread was the perfect complement. Then I moved on to the bacon wrapped pork loin. Sure, it would probably be difficult for this dish not to taste good - but it was especially so. I finished with a Nuage de Noix, which consisted of roasted pistachios, almonds and hazelnuts in a frozen chantilly and Italian meringue. Yeah, I didn't know what it was either when I ordered it, but I sure am glad I did. Compliments of the chef, we also were offered a Basil Napoleon - not my thing, as I don't typically care for the new age dessert that consists of non-traditional spices and flavors, but interesting.All of this was served in close quarters. Be aware that if you are looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, I don't believe there is a spot in this restaurant for you. Tables are very closely packed. At first, I was a little taken aback by this, but it added to the charm of the place for me. Not everyone will agree.Service was just a bit off. I overheard the table to my right complain about a couple of things - first the wine, then the preparation of the fish. Mind you, I think they were kind of...annoying. But the waiter didn't have quite the right response either time. Then he delivered their dinner to us - that certainly didn't help matters. And somehow still in the end, it wasn't sorted out when we each received the others' bill. I overheard the table to my left complain about the slow pace of service - and indeed, it at times seemed to move like a snail. I certainly felt that way when my tea never arrived and I had to ask for it after my husband had gotten his coffee. Other little things, like the wrong fork for salad, just gave the place more of an amateurish feel than it deserves.Still, this is an excellent value for excellent food. I would return and recommend it, absolutely.
Okay, so we also saw Chapeau reviewed on "Check Please! Bay Area"... and that's the major reason my partner and I chose to celebrate my birthday there last night. I love well prepared French cuisine: nouvelle or old-school, when it''s right, it's heaven. What I saw on CPBA convinced me it was worth an excursion. More deciding factors in our choice of Chapeau included that escargot and duck breast be on the menu. Bam! "Traditional Escargots de Bourgogne in Butter, Parsley & Garlic", reads the menu, and that's what you get and then some. I missed the novelty of the shells and hardware (I love props), but the baked escargot served in their own pools of clarified butter and an abundance of garlic and parsley was wicked... I had to make an effort not to fill myself up on baguette and the remainder of the tasty butter pools which would prevent me from enjoying the rest of the dishes to come. The duck breast seemed to be made especially for me: the medium rare was perfection; the duck breast succulent and tender.The early bird special is a great choice if you plan on dining between 5 and 6 pm. We wanted to get bang for our buck so we made reservations for 5:15 pm. I'd online-researched a good Pinot Noir and picked up a bottle of Shea Vineyards, Oregon 2008 at K&L on 4th Street (fab place - unique wines and great staff knowledge and assistance). Chapeau has an impressive wine list on its own, but again we were on bang-for-the-buck mode (isn't just about everyone these days) and with Chapeau's corkage fee being $18, you can buy a mid- to expensive bottle of wine at retail, pay the corkage and avoid a 3-figure wine cost on your dinner bill. I shared tastings with Philippe the owner and my waiter and they approved my choice. On that same theme, because the early bird / prix fixe menu is so affordable and it was my birthday afterall, we ordered an additional starter for each of us: pan seared scallop on a little bed of pesto risotto served with a lobster reduction sauce. It was charming and sublime. A complete miniature dinner plate on its own, the scallop was hearty yet tender and flavorful; the risotto just the right side of al dente for my preference, and the lobster reduction a nice punctuation. Oh, and before I forget, I am a fussy and impatient diner, so I was disappointed to see the escargot and Philip's chestnut soup (excellent btw!) appear before the additional scallop appetizer we especially ordered. We were told by our support waiter that the scallop would be served after the escargot which, I realized made much more sense for the sequence. It was my bad wannabe gourmand party foul... and I appreciate the waiter's attention to detail. Not quite ready to jump into the Pinot Noir I asked for a suggestion of white to go with the scallops. The waiter seved me a perfectly paired Sancerre.And before I go on, there was a delightful amuse bouche of filet of anchovy in a bed of baked fio dough that we were served on the house before our meal began. As I said, the duck breast was exactly the way I love it. Philip's pork tenderloin was delectable. And, as it was still my birthday dinner we again went bang-for-the-buck and each ordered an after dinner mesclun salad with a creme dijonnaise dressing, red seedless grapes, pistachio, fried camembert and toasted walnut bread. A great way to change it up after your main course and before dessert.As I dreaded, I was subjected to the happy birthday singing by the staff when my profiteroles came for dessert. I'd expected something sinister when I saw Philip chatting with one of the waters at the door. But the restaurant patrons joined in and sang sincerely and I was humbled and felt like I was really being feted. I'm looking forward to my return to Chapeau! The prix fixe menus starting at $38 for a three-course meal and $46 for four courses of your choice is sill a great bang-for-your-buck for outstanding French cuisine and service. Bravo, Chapeau! Merci pour un diner merveilleux.
Chapeau! is one of those restaurants that always stuck to the back of my head, where I was always constantly reminded about the restaurant in various ways. Word-of-mouth, somehow making my way to its Yelp review page, and lastly, Rachael Ray's Tasty Travels (don't hate).After watching her show, I knew it was time to wander down to Outer Richmond and have a take at Chapeau!I made reservations for my boyfriend and I this past Thursday at 5:30 so we could catch the Early Bird Special, $25.50 for a 3-course meal.When we walked in, my first impression was, "Wow. This place is TINY," but at 5:30, they were already bustling with diners.We were squeezed between two couples, so I felt the slightest bit uncomfortable, considering I only sit this close to friends and family. I could literally have my arm half-way outstretched and hit either women next to me. Moreover, because of the small space close proximity of the tables, the conversations were loud. I could barely hear my boyfriend half the time, but I remember him saying, "This would be a great place for a first date...if you didn't want to talk to your date."Ok, on to the food. It was delicious! (NOTE: The menu on their website differs from the restaurant menu, which changes periodically. Choices for the early bird special are a little more extensive than the menu online).We both decided on getting the early bird special prixe-fixe dinner.Before we received our appetizers, we were served with what seemed like a cauliflower bisque. Not sure what our server said, because he said it too quickly, but it was mighty delicious. It was a bit spicy and had a curry flavor to it, very rich and delicious. I'd go back just for that bisque! In a bigger bowl (it was served to us in small espresso cups)I started with, pretty much ,salmon tartare with dried capers, crumbled hard-boiled egg, and a small salad on top. The flavors were very refreshing. A good way to start my dinner. My boyfriend, on the other hand, had this potato cake sort of dish with a red wine sauce, I believe, but not too sure. It was really good and hearty, a bit too much of a starter course for me, but he absolutely loved it.For our main entrees, I had the medium rare pork loin wrapped in bacon on a bed of chestnut puree with a sauteed green leafy vegetable, which I can't remember, now. But, wow, the chestnut puree was amazing! Complemented to pork very well, which was extremely tender, very good. My boyfriend had the salmon served with mashed potatoes (?) and butternut squash, or was it a butternut squash puree? Anyway, he LOVED his and I'm glad we both loved our own dishes or I'd be quite jealous.For dessert I had the creme fraiche gelato with fresh berries (raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries), whipped cream and a cookie in a red wine reduction "soup" as the menu said. It was very good. The creme fraiche complemented the sweetness of the berries and red wine reduction very well. My boyfriend got something I loved as well, which was sliced bits of mango, kiwi, and strawberries in a basil soup of some sort. The basil was so refreshing, it felt like summer.As for the service, it was fantastic. The moment that struck me the most was when the server was placing food down on the table for a guest next to us, and the guest tried to grab the plate, but the waiter said, "No, let me." On another note, the owner also participates on the floor. He kindly retrieved my coat for me, and while doing so, 3 other people asked me if I needed my coat. Fabulous!My boyfriend and I loved this place so much that we're taking a few of his family members to try it this Thursday, only a week after we tried it! I can't wait!I would've docked Chapeau! one star because of the noise level and also the close proximity of the tables, but the food made up for that.03/11/08 UPDATE: So, my boyfriend's family and I went to Chapeau! last Thursday, and it was exceptional! We had three orders of fois gras (appetizer sizes) which was delicious! I keep thinking about the fois gras ever since I had it and I'm definitely going for it next time, again. It was in a huckleberry sauce on toast. DELICIOUS! I had the kabocha squash soup for my appetizer, which was oh so good. I'd go back there just for that.For my entree, I had the mussels and frites, which were pretty good, I wouldn't say the best.Chapeau! has definitely made its way to my top restaurants list!
Excellent service! The owner is very involved and makes you feel special about your visit. The food is fantastic. I had the filet and it was to die for. The salmon trio appetizer was delicious. The space is a bit small and a lot of tables making it difficult to get around, but not loud. Nice bar. Great date place for a guy to impress his gal. I will be back.
Chapeau! is the place that epitomizes all of my hopes and dreams of what an unpretentious, fine dining French restaurant should be. I came here for my birthday two years ago with several of my family members after hearing rave reviews about it from a good friend of mine, who said that the food was divine and the service was second to none. She apparently knew what she was talking about because I was completely blown away by both the food and the service. I can't remember what I ate, but I remember that the presentation was perfect and beautiful in every way, and the food itself tasted great. I had Menu 1, which allows you to choose an appetizer, main course, and dessert, and all were phenomenal. I also really liked the palate cleanser between courses that was a sorbet with some sort of strong liquor (vodka?). The service is also amazing -- every time a family member or I left our table, a member of the wait staff would come by, refold our dinner napkin artfully, and then place it ever so gently on the back of our chair. The food takes a while to come out, but I think that's part of the fine dining experience -- to talk and linger over your food with your loved ones and just enjoy being in good company. The chef-owner also takes the time to come out and shake hands (men) or kiss hands (women) with every single person who eats here every night. That is so sweet!An added bonus of the night was toward the end when I was about to leave the place. On my way to the restroom, I tried to sneak a peak of the kitchen since I wanted to see where all the action was. The chef saw me and quickly asked me to come in and have a tour of his kitchen! I was so happy you would not believe! He showed me where he stored his freshly made secret sauces, his herbs/spices, and introduced me to his sous-chef and other kitchen workers. My cousins were wondering what was taking me so long, so they saw me in the kitchen and they got a tour, too! I LOVE this place, and I love that chef. I've never had a better dining experience.
I think I might just be in love with this place.Came by here on Halloween and were seated by a vampire-dressed hostess.It was a birthday thing, so all limits were off, we were there to eat a bit of everything.The wine list is extensive and has some limitations on buying wine by the glass, so it took us a bit to get through it all, but I'm not exactly a big wine guy, so it didn't bother me at all.This place fills up fast, within 20 minutes of us being there, it was already over half full.So food, here we go:- The foie gras with apples and a puff pastry was delicious, it is pan seared and very tender.- the escargot did not sit with me too well, I felt like it was a chewy lump of buttery pesto, so I would not really recommend it.-The oysters...Oh the oysters! Amazing, one minute they are in your mouth, the next there is nothing. Simply the best I've ever had.-The Palate Cleansers were interesting, one was tart (Colonel) and one was slightly bitter (Trou Normand). I prefer the Colonel.- The skate wing entree is fabulous on its own, very flavorful and melts in your mouth good, but the sauce that it came in was far too tart for my palate. - There was a special prime rib for 2 deal, which they carve at your table and is served with bone marrow. The prime rib was decent, but the bone marrow was delicious (and its good for you!)- The Filet Mignon, which I had to convince my father to at least have them cook medium (he always prefers his meat well done), was soft, tender and very juicy. Finally, the chocolate cake desert is rich, filled with molten chocolate and delicious. However, I particularly enjoyed the Basil Napoleon, it was light, sweet and refreshing after a heavy meal.The portions are much bigger here than at small-plate French restaurants, the waitstaff might be slightly impatient, but is also flexible enough and gracious enough that the experience overall is very gratifying.
Great Food. Excellent Service. Women look just lovely in this place.
The scallops & filet are to die for. Pesto risotto? My dream food. Also, the chef is an incredibly sweet French man who literally hugs you when you leave--Go for that and the scallops.
seriously, who can afford gary danko on a regular basis. this place is almost as good and the best bang for your buck! i have never had a bad meal and the service is excellent. so if you want to make an impression, take your honey buns here..but not if she or he is on a diet. so yummy.
I've been in France a bunch and haven't been as lucky to get food this good there. Who would have thought that French food is actually done better in the Inner Richmond. Seriously, with a party of 6, all of our dishes were excellent. Even the ones that seemed like they would be fairly normal or simple.
Our waiter ---D. Laurent was great. Knew the menu and the wines, made great recommendations (when asked) and was very courteous. Have to say I was in a bad mood after looking for parking for 10 minutes (got lucky, but if you can, take a cab there). The place was packed and it can feel a little cramped. I considered marking them down a star for how close you end up sitting with other people, but everything else was so good, I moved it back to 5, and it's not their fault if you get stuck to a loud talking braggart who wants everyone to hear about his vacation home in Monaco...(but I digress)I had Foie Gras (you should hear me slaughter that pronounciation) and my wife went with a corn soup with crab meat. Both were absurdly good and came out of the kitchen quickly. We then had the prime rib for two with a bottle of Sangiovese. They had 3 sauces for the prime rib --a burneise, truffle something and something with bleu cheese (I think). They were all tasty, but as a purist, I went with just the meat and only sampled those sauces (they were great). My wife asked to take the rest of hers home (she never does that). It was that good.We skipped desert in an effort to let them turn the table (note those that plant themselves at a table while there are people waiting to eat, GO TO THE BAR TO TALK!). The bar was friendly, but full of people eating, so we decided to have one drink and beat it.In closing, parking and closeness of the tables are the only negatives. It was Friday night, what can you expect? If you go, pay attention to the little details: the hostess knows exactly where to put you, the bus boys never let your water glass go below 50% and they keep an eye on your bread and butter, other servers will help bring out food when it's ready and they coordinate all of it in a very small working space. Besides having a great cook, excellent food and service, they run a tight ship. Wish I could say that more often.
Always excellent. Don't hesitate.
Chapeau! is one of our favorite bistros in the city. The food is consistently good and service excellent.
I went last night for my parents 20th wedding anniversary and all faith has been renewed!!! Dinner was spectacular, and we ate almost everything on the menu. Make sure not to miss: Rosemary escargot sweet breads cassoulet rainbow trout chocolate torte creme bru. make sure to bring a scarf or coat to wear as in the winter it is freezing inside!! yet well worth it all around!!! I heart Chapeau and Ellen is a doll as well!
Hubby and I visited the other day for date night and it was essentially perfect and fun. Ordered menu one, which came with an appetizer, entree and dessert. The french toast with hazelnut ice cream for dessert was heaven. Just writing about it makes my mouth say "yummmmmm."
excellent food. my friend and I came here for dinner before a show. reservations are recommended, this little spot is quite popular. its located in a predominantly residential area. upon entering, I was amazed how packed this place was. I didnt like how close the seats were to one another, it makes it difficult to have an intimate conversation, but after tasting the food, I didnt seem to matter anymore. my friend and I ordered the special, which was the prime rib for two. it was more than enough for two people. the prime rib was excellent. they even put it on a chopping board with the bone and marrow. I didnt have the marrow because it was a little fatty and made me feel like I was having fatty marrow soup, but it tasted good. very cute place for great french food.
French bistro, small but slightly more formal, located off the beaten pathPhilippe and Ellen Gardelle definitely make an effort to take care of youit is a little loud b/c the tables are so close together and the place feels slightly cramped.the food was very goodfoie gras torchon -- quite impressive, the highlight of the mealhad the appetizer portion of the porcini crusted sweetbreads and mussels, but I was disappointed the mussels were so small (wouldn't recommend ordering it)cassoulet de Toulouse -- ok, everything blended, beans could be bettervegetable napoleon -- looked better than it tasted.price slowly rising but still a great deal.
I heard about Chapeau! after watching a special edition of "Check Please Bay Area" on PBS. Jacques Pepin was a guest host (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ja) and BTW he is awesome and you should read his book, "The Apprentice". Pretty much any restaurant he recommends is going to be really sexy. We got here early and everyone in our party decided to do the prix fixe menu. This wasn't a skimpy prix fixe menu though, this one was very extensive, more so than the one at Restaurant Clementine. There were 3-4 choices for each course, all of which sounded amazing. I had a really hard time deciding what to order.I ended up choosing to being with the Mesclun Salad, a bed of greens topped with pears and a large hunk of melted brie...(Evan L. is so right, everything is better with melted cheese)... I also tried all the other appetizers and I especially liked the creamy corn and lobster soup.After appetizers we received a complimentary demitasse soup...I think it was squash...whatever it was though, it was good, and free.For my entree I chose the Roasted Pork Loin with French green lentils, caramelized apples, and calvados (I don't know what these are). This was also amazing, tender and juicy. When dessert finally came I was already pretty full but also very excited for my Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee and let me tell you, it did not disappoint. The top of the creme brulee was perfectly caramelized and the middle was soft and creamy. For 6 people and two bottles of wine, the bill was not outrageous. This place is totally affordable and delicious, especially if you opt for the prix fixe. Also the service here is excellent and if you're lucky Head Chef Philippe Gardelle will give you a kiss on the cheek on your way out.
My first impression when we walked in was really good, as service was excellent. We were seated and we enjoyed the atmoshere and were given wine list and main menue and ordered their special strawberry martini, which was really really good. I ordered:EscargoFillet MignonCorn soup with crabFrench Toast on desertMy wife ordered:Escargofish with musslesand mixed fruits desert Escargo was made ok, but we had much better at La Bergerie. Corn soup is nice but very little crab felt. Fellet mignon was nicely made, mid-rare and very tender with potatos and mushrooms, however it was MISSING the taste, marinade, or that special souce - that should make it special. My wife's dish was also just OK nothing special but the cost is very very expensive. Over all we paid $175 with tips, which felt like a waste becouse personally I did not enjoy the food that much. Overall I don't think I will be coming back there, for the same money I paid in Cheape I've had far much better experience in AZIZA.
i have been here twice and each time was amazing! Food is amazing, service is amazing. I order the fillet and and the flavor with the mushrooms and potatoes is as good as it gets. I love how small and cozy it is too! TRY CHAPEAU, you'll love it.
My girlfriend and I celebrated our one year anniversary at Chpeau! and it was a great experience. We settled on the a three and a four course meal with a few upgrades, oysters, fois gras, prime rib and desert.Service was exceptional. Although we arrived a good 15 minutes early, our table was already set for us. The head chef came greeted us, always a nice touch, and the several waiters that served us came to our tables with smiles and suggestions. The dining area is pretty small, but that didn't stop large parties from making dinner plans here. Definitely a lively crowd.With wine and tip, our dinner was close to $100 for each of us, which for a special occasion such as this, is a small price to pay for a romantic evening. The next time we come back here, we'll tackle the a la carte menu and give everything else a try.
Do people really think this place is that good? I mean, it's not bad, but I don't think it's a 5 star restaurant. Then again, my idea of 5 star dining is a piece of raw fish wrapped inside rice and a sheet of oceanic vegetation. I guess I just don't have a palette for French food.And you know what else I don't have a palette for? A 3 hour dinner! I mean, we had 3 courses and it took 3 hours. That's 1 course per hour. I suppose that must be part of the fine dining experience, but when you're under the strict "after 8 gains weight" rule, that sorta snail's pace totally ruins your night. Not to mention that the dessert, which is the last course, is totally not worth breaking the after 8 rule. We tried basically everything on the menu, and were impressed with not one of the desserts. And as far as the main courses were concerned, my lamb was way salty. And the salmon was bland. I didn't completely hate my experience. I just didn't think that what they offered warranted the rather high prices that were attached. What also didn't help matters was that there were a lot of tables jammed into a relatively small interior space, which led me to feel a little claustrophobic. I'd say my experience at Chapeau! was pleasant, but I probably won't go back.
The food at Chapeau was fantastic. (I had the foie, the filet, and the chocolate cake). The atmosphere was nice - quiet enough to have a conversation, but not freaky-quiet. I was having a great time throughout my entire dinner, talking about how I wanted to come back once a week. Honestly, this is some of the best food I have had in a while. But here's where my experience was basically killed. The check arrives, and we notice that we were charged for 4 glasses of champagne ($12) instead of 4 glasses of kir royale ($7.50). We thought it was a simple mistake, so we told the waiter, who I think may be the owner. Homeboy says that it was not a mistake. When he served us our kir royales, he informed us that he had run out of the sparkling wine that they normally use for the kirs, so he was using champagne instead. We informed him that since he had run out of what we had ordered, and not told us until AFTER he had already brought the half-made kirs to our table, that we had assumed that any upgrade in bubbly quality was on the house. He says something along the lines of "I told you I was going to use champagne". I say something along the lines of "and that was supposed to imply a surcharge?"/ He says "yes". We stare at him dumbfounded. He stares at us. He makes no attempt to acknowledge that this was weird, or even to empathize with us for not understanding. There is an awkward silence. We say, ok, I guess we are paying for it. It is only a few extra dollars per person, after all, and I'm not about to go all postal for something so small. We pay the bill. I am totally bummed because I was loving that place for the first 2 hours that I was there, and then feel like I got seriously shafted in the last 5 minutes. I'm not even pissed about the extra 5 bucks that I had to spend, but just the principle of it. He ran out of something and didn't tell us. He gave us something more expensive and didn't make it clear that he was going to charge us extra. He made no attempt to rectify the situation when we made it clear that we felt like there had been a mistake. I really liked the food, and I will probably go back because it was so delicious, but I feel like I can't trust the people who work there, and I think it will take several really good experiences for me to be able to write this one off. I am sad. This really tainted an otherwise great experience for me.
I think the food wasn't superb, but it was a really good deal for the price. I never expected a 4-course meal to be around $40. Good portions, the desserts r absolutely delicious. The food wasn't bad in anyway, it was pretty good. I loved my oysters and the French onion soup is yummayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!I would definitely come back here, whenever I have a nice romantic 2 hours I can spare with my honey =)
Chapeau had been on my radar for some time, but since I rarely make it out to the Richmond, I didn't realize what I had been depriving myself of until I dined at Chapeau for the first time last night. I had high expectations due to the good press (Yelp, Citysearch, Check Please, friend of friend, etc.), and I think it's safe to say that my expectations were met, if not exceeded. I opted for the Early Bird special (3 courses for $25.50 - I think there's been some inflation since they last updated their website) . Our meal began pleasantly with a basket of warm bread and an amuse-bouche (a small cup of cauliflower soup). For my starter, I ordered the kabocha squash soup which was wonderfully flavorful. My salmon entree was good but probably not the stand-out of the meal (although I should disclose that I had remarked to my dining companion that I was full a couple of minutes before our entrees arrived). The vanilla bean creme brulee was delicious and worth all the calories.I ordered a half glass of the white Bordeaux to start. It was so good that I had to order another half glass. The wine smelled like green apples and tasted like sauvignon blanc (although I don't think it was). My friend ordered a French chardonnay that she really loved (following my example or succumbing to the peer pressure, she also ordered another half glass of her wine). We both ordered a half glass of the pinot noir to accompany our salmon entrees. We liked the pinot noir as well, but I think we both enjoyed our whites mores. We wanted to write down the names of these wines, but we didn't get a chance to look at the wine list again.The service was good and attentive (our bread basket and water glasses were regularly refilled, so definitely no complaints there), if a bit too polite (I seem to have this problem with French restaurants in general). My friend thought our waiter looked like some actor whenever he half-smiled; I liked his French accent but found his mannerisms to be a bit formal.In summary, the quality/price ratio at Chapeau is quite high. In response, I have committed to making the trek out to the Richmond at least every three months to treat myself at Chapeau.
I came here with a party of 10 for my cousin's birthday, which would usually be no big deal but this place was a lot smaller than I expected. The staff, however, was very accommodating and seemed to have to qualms about us having the largest group at that time so it didn't bother me. It did get a little stuffy at times, so I'd recommend leaving your jacket in the car.This was my first experience at a traditional French restaurant and it was very impressionable. When we walked up to the hostess, she greeted us and the man that led us to our seats spoke to us in French and made sure to shake every one of our hands. The waiter was very patient and knowledgeable, he answered all of our questions regarding the food and wine, and he too had a charming personality. We were served an appetizer bread with butter which was tasty and it didn't scratch the roof of my mouth. Next they gave us a complimentary chilled tomato-red soup that was also very good.When it came time to order, I decided to get the 3-course prix-fixed selection ($38). Salade Landaise: frisee, duck confit and they even topped it off with a generous portion of foie gras. It was to die for. For my entree I got the Bacon-wrapped Pork Tenderloin. It was as tender as pork can be, well seasoned and came in a sort of semi-sweet gravy. And best of all, for dessert I got French Toast with Hazelnut Ice Cream. The ice cream was extremely rich, tasted homemade and it was paired with the crispiest on the outside, softest in the middle french toast I have ever had. There was some sweetness to the caramel that topped it but the middle of the toast blunted the syrup and it was just such a good combination of contrasting textures. An experience that cannot be explained with words.We had some great wine (forgot which one it was) and just chatted with really good food. Everything I ate was good. In fact, the staff was so friendly they didn't seem to mind that we stayed past closing time. So in short, if you're looking for a traditional, semi-formal French restaurant full of charm and character and a menu that will soak your palate in the wonderful world of French textures and flavors check this place out.
Went for the Early Bird Special: 3 courses for $29.50.Liked:Mesclun Salad: had a great dijonnase dressingTrio of Salmon: had crumbled hard boiled eggs on the dish what was a lot more delicious in combination with the salmon than expectedBacon wrapped pork tenderloin: Nice combination of flavorsCreme Brulee: great vanilla flavorOkay: Duck breastProfiteroles: chocolate was really bitterPistachio and mint dessert: green mint sauce was too strong and took away from the rest of the dessert.Overall: Good meal. Great service. Not "wow"-ed by anything, but would still come again for the early bird special since it's such a great deal.
First visit to Chapeau was very good. Chose the 4 course prefix dinner including Scallop tasting, sweetbreads as starters, Skate Wing and Filet Mignon entrees were all very good. The french toast dessert was excellent. The service was adequate and friendly. The owner/chef made a point to stop by all the tables to introduce himself which was a nice touch. Go for the food, atmosphere and decor needs updating.
4.5 stars. Wow! Yes that is the English word for Chapeau! And the name could not be more accurate. I cannot say enough nice things about this place. Warm, charming, creative menu - I'm not a vegetarian but their vegetarian entree is always the BOMB. Also the owner is very friendly and attentive. Always makes the rounds and once he came running after us to shake my hand and make sure that we had enjoyed our meal. I definitely recommend reservations - the place is small and very popular.
I agree with Emily F. Although we liked the decor and loved most of the food and wine, the service was horrendous. There were only two waiters for the whole restaurant and they made us wait too long to order our drinks and then even longer to order our food! The wait staff was unfriendly and seemed annoyed that we were ordering. Maybe I'm used to the service I get at restaurants closer in to the city proper. Even though the food was delicious, I'm afraid I would never go back because of the experience we had with the service.
The service was great. I gave them 4 stars because the foods were a little bit salty on that night. anything else was so good.....
After seeing Chapeau on the hot list for months, I finally took my boyfriend to get a taste for his surprise birthday dinner. I didn't count on being surprised myself. By the time we had driven around the block three times, things were starting to look a little dubious. "Are you sure there's really a restaurant out here?"We parked and walked, and soon the candlelit glow of Chapeau's windows came into focus. Lights, camera, action! My master plan of romance was coming to fruition.Phillipe, the chef and host, emerged from the kitchen with a warm hug and kiss, took our coats, sat us down and helped us choose our wine. We poured over the menu devoutly, picking his recommended entrees accented with sweetbreads and foie gras. By the time the warm chocolate cake arrived hours later, we were in a comatose state of euphoria.There is something about French food that awakens the senses and melts the inhibitions. Advice for the men out there -- don't take a "date" here - she'll think you're about to propose! Save this place for the real thing.
Great food and amazing service. We got great wine recommendations from our server with our meal. So good. The biggest problem is that it's overcrowded. My husband and I went to celebrate and it's not possible to have a private conversation. You're elbow to elbow with the table next to you. You could easily hear their conversation, and they yours, if you tried. While it was REALLY good, if I'm going to spend that much money, I want it to be romantic, private, and quieter.
Dined here on Mon Jan 4, 2010. Chapeau in French means a "hat", but as you may know, from the menu or other sources, adding an exclamation mark results in a new meaning of "wow". You could say "c'est chapeau!", the equivalent of "bravo" or "hats off!". And vraiment, that is what you will be saying by the time your experience, dining and otherwise, ends here. And your experience starts the minute you walk in the door, with jolly and convivial chef/owner Philippe Gardelle, who halls from Cotignac in Provence and never went to a culinary school, personally greeting you. Philippe and his wife Ellen opened Chapeau! in 1996 but in December 2007 they bought Clementine from owners Didier Labbe and Laurent Legendre, a space that used to house Alain Rondelli, and moved Chapeau! into the larger Clementine space in August 2009, which seats 49 plus 12 at the bar, compared to the old Chapeau!'s 35. Decor is a bit sparse at the moment, the walls a comfortable yellow but unadorned. Having set the tone, from there the excellent staff take over and continue the outstanding personal service. Chapeau! offers an early bird 3 course prix fixe Sundays through Thursdays for $28 from 5 to 6 PM and which changes every two weeks. They also offer a 3 course prix fixe for $38, a 4 course prix fixe that adds a tasting fish for $46, and palate cleansers for an additional $4.50, the same as their a la carte price. There is also a vegetarian 3 course prix fixe for $38. My friend and I chose the 4 course prix fixe with the palate cleansers. The baguette bread brought to our table was warm and not too hard, two qualities which I was very pleased with. On each table was a little square glass candy dish with heart-shaped corners and peaked sides filled with red and green jingle bells, the kind you might find on a jester's hat, a very nice touch. Our meal began with an amuse bouche of white truffled cream of cauliflour soup, very nice. Initially, i had planned to get the deep-fried black tiger prawns with shredded phylo dough, tomato & onion marmalade, petits legumes, and herbed aioli, $13 a la carte, but upon hearing about the foie gras appetizer special, $18 a la carte, $6 with the prix fixe, I ordered it instead. The foie gras ($19.50) arrived on a square plate, pan-seared lobes arranged on toasted brioche pedestals, the bottom of the plate covered with thin zigzagging lines of apple gastrique. In the center a thinly sliced apple wedge stood straight up; at the bottom corner a manicured pile of peppery greens that cut the richness of the other elements. Stunning plating for an equally blissful dish. My friend had the salade Landaise (a reference to the Landes region in Aquitaine) with frisee, duck confit & smoked duck magret (the breast meat of the Moulard duck, known for its superior quality), fingerling potato chips, and classic French vinaigrette (white wine vinegar, shallots, salt, Dijon mustard, black pepper, and olive oil), $12.50 a la carte. Quite good. Next came the tasting fish: pan-seared dayboat scallop with lobster sauce on pesto risotto with basil pollen and tomato confit. The scallop was quite good, and the risotto especially so, absolutely perfect actually. I loved every bite. Next came the palate cleansers. I had the Trou Normand (French for "Norman Hole"), a pause between meal courses in which diners partake of a glassful of calvados in order to improve the apetite and make room for the next course. In this case it appropriately came with a matching green apple sorbet. My friend had the Colonel: a lemon-ginger sorbet with a citrus-infused vodka. Sorbet Colonel is usually a lemon sorbet drizzled with vodka. They were both very nice. For my entree, I chose the sauteed striped bass with Yukon gold mashed potato, fondue provencale (tomatoes, court-bouillon, kalamata olives), caramelized pearl onions, jus de poulet (chicken), basil oil, and fried leeks, $24 a la carte. Chef Philippe Gardelle came around to check on the food, and was kind enough to explain the ingredients in the fondue provencale. Fondue here means "blended" as oppose to "melted" or "molten". An excellent dish. My friend had the bacon-wrapped natural pork tenderloin with polenta puree, braised green swiss chard, and apple-calvados sauce. An exceptional dish. For dessert, I had the Basil Napoleon, with Maui pineapple, manilla [sic] mango, banana, kiwi, strawberries, champagne-citrus pastry cream, and Feuille de Bric (literally brick sheets, thin sheets of wheat flour, the term bric being etymologically linked to phyllo...), $8.50 a la carte. This was a very deconstructed Napoleon, not in the traditional stack, but just as delicious and easier to eat! My friend had the warm chocolate cake with banana flambee, rum & banana ice cream, and caramel sauce, $8.50 a la carte. He loved it. On our way out, Chef Philippe Gardelle thanked us personally and shook our hands. Chapeau! is the best French bistro in San Francisco. You'll say Chapeau! every time you eat here.
Ambience 4Service 4Food 4Price to quality 3TOTAL 3.75Went on Valentine's and had the pre-fixe. Food was very tasty and well presented but rather expensive for what you get.We really appreciated that the chef/owner made sure that at the first chance we were moved to a better seat in the back away from the cold air coming from the front door every time someone left or entered the restaurant.
I love Chapeau!Chapeau! is a quaint, neighborhood French restaurant. You might not even noticed it if you were just passing by. I live and grew up in the Richmond and I wouldn't have known about this jewel if I hadn't come across its Yelp reviews. And now, I'm going to sing with the rest of the choir.$38 prix-fixe menu ($25 if you're an early bird), great selection in food & wine, impeccable service. I don't think there's much more I can ask for in a French restaurant. I've had the salade landaise as the first course...again and again, because it is so good. The salad is served with duck, roasted garlic, and a piece of foie gras on top. DELISH. I clean plate in a matter of minutes every time.The mussels & pomme frite were pretty good also, though I'd much prefer my salade landaise.For the main course, I had the cassoulet. Though I'm not too big of a fan of beans, the sausage, the duck leg and lamb were cooked just right. The meat fell right off the bones and it was as tender & juicy as it can be. I've also had the sea bass, it's not bad but not too memorable.Dessert...I love the warm chocolate cake! What a perfect way to end a meal. It is so rich and so divine. The chocolate oozes out from the center, all hot and gooey. It also comes with a scoop of ice cream. I'm not too keen on rum raisin, so I had changed mine to a basic Vanilla.I leave this place with glee every time I visit. And after the bliss has passed, I yearn for yet another Chapeau! meal. FIVE STARS ALL THE WAY.
I can only say one thing. This is my most favorite restaurant in San Francisco. And might be my most favorite restaurant ever. I've been to Le Bernardin, etc all the hot spots. Every single time I eat here, I am overwhelmed with the execution, presentation, service, deliciousness of the food.
amazing food! The best escargot! Wonderful service, very friendly, the chef is very nice as well! The parking around here is terrible, but that's clement st for you!
My husband and I were visiting our son who happens to live on Clement St and came across this restaurant during the summer. he raved about the food, the chef as well as the service? Needless to say we had to try their delicious meal. It was outstanding! Our reservation was late (9:30) and we were not rushed with our meal! In fact we closed the establishment!! It was astonishing to have the chef come out to greet you and the server was so pleasant. The oysters were delicious. As an New Englander, they had a different taste that was pleasing. I had the skate in a brown butter sauce. OMG....it was phenomical. The demitasse of Cream of Caulifower with a drizzle of truffle left all of us wanting more. I'm not a dessert person but when a special dessert was placed in front of me, believe me I did not turn it down!!! It was a chantilly cream in an orange soup. I felt like I had died and gone to heaven!!I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys a fantastic meal Not everyone has the same palate so be openminded in any restaurant. We will make reservations again when we come to SF.
Pardon my French, but this place was f**cking amazing! I was admittedly in a great mood walking in the door after getting the parking spot *right in front of the frickin' door of the frickin' restaurant, but the place kept serving up the good news. We got seated the instant we walked in, had crisp white napkins unfurled across our laps, and brought drinks. The head chef then comes out and shakes our hands and greets us. i'm thinking: did someone misidentify us as food critics? like the kind that people actually listen to? who knows. anyway, a waiter with immaculate manners and a french accent comes out with a complimentary chilled carrot soup served in espresso cups. omfg, this soup was delicious. as an app, we order a salad with duck confit that was killer. my entree: a pork tenderloin on a delish bed of greens sitting in a pool of the thickest, richest, and, of course, absolutely zero-calorie sauce. dessert was some chocolatey thing. totally reasonably priced. i'll be back.
Simply fantastic. The Dining Around Town menu was a steal, with all three courses standing alone as brilliant achievements: trio of salmon, duck, and profiteroles. I tossed in a single macchiato during our after-dinner chat, just for good measure.There was a balance of flavors in each dish (capers and what I think was egg whites, crumbled around the salmon trio; sweet grapes and pears alongside a perfectly cooked, duck with a crispy savory crust; and profiteroles that were simple but fresh, with no soggy pastry). Every time a dish was served, I became excited, I will be back. And not soon enough.
The only complain is that we had to wait 40 minutes for food to be served, but the restaurant was really crowded that day and time, no empty tables, I do not know if it's typical or not. Some light background music might be good too, there was no music at all. I would put 5 stars if only we had been served sooner. Food was just perfect, me and my wife both liked it a much.
The wine was the only saving grace when we were there a few years back. I've heard both great and awful reviews about the place and decided to make a decision myself and did a double date there. I remembered that we ordered foie gras and another appetizer (can't remember), duck cassoulet, lamb shank, salmon, and fillet mignon. The sommelier had also recommended a simple table wine to go with our meal. When the food showed up, it looks very appealing but taste was so off. I mean, if it can be under/over-cooked and if it can be over/under-seasoned or salted, it was. Poor or bad cooking execution. What good is it for my body when it only feeds my eyes? I love foie gras and the one I received was kind of burnt and dry. Foie gras, as we all know, was the fat liver of duck/goose, and if that's dry, it was all over for me. Because it was overcooked, you have crispy dry piece and the oil from the fat was just oil from the fat.  When cooked right, it melts in your mouth like butter with the liver taste. So, yeah, off to a bad start with appetizer. Lamb was good and a little dry, but seriously, they can afford to throw in some greens. It was good, but then again, not great and could be way better.Fillet mignon was not cooked medium-rear as ordered, but the mushroom on it was good. Then again the rock star should of been the beef. The duck cassoulet was ok, nothing to brag about, really.Salmon was dry. Even looking at the pictures of the fish just now, they looked still kind of dry on the outside. Check the pictures out yourself.We had a four top and the only thing we like was the wine, since that was the case, we just stop by the wine shop instead.If the chef had a bad day, it cost him four customers. Should of took the day off chef. What can I say?One star each for decor, wine, and service.
I'm going to keep this short and simple. Eat here. The food, staff and even the owner are the best!!!!
It wasn't terrible.But, when the wine is the most memorable part of the meal you know something isn't quite right.What could it have been?My smoked trout salad was a little sweet here, the starchy pesto covered potato bits were nicely done, the trout was tasty... but I felt like it was air, a flavor combination that hardly impressed but was enough to satisfy its description.The same with the petite poussin. Well executed, I remember noting that the white meat was still juicy, an often rare feat in dining. The sauce a bit too sweet for my taste, but not unpalatable or unfitting for the chicken. Yet... I found it so very lackluster, so much so I found myself talking and simply consuming without much thought of what I was eating, much like cafeteria food. I found my mother's cassoulet a bit more appealing, though I have to admit I have a negative bias against cassoulet for being too rich of a dish. Still, the cassoulet matched expectations of what a good, standard cassoulet should be. I didn't get a chance to try my father's flounder but he commented it was just "normal" and nothing to get too excited about.Overall... the main entrees were:Not very pretty, not very flavorful, just simply... not very memorable. The often mentioned creme brulee was barely on par, I was disappointed that the caramelized sugar did not crack, not even a credible dent,. The custard had a very displeasing texture, more like butter than pudding, with a greasy feeling leftover after taking a bite. It had a good note of vanilla but overall it was boring, and not at all worth requesting.It would be harsh to rate Chapeau! with a 2; they do have a well rounded service, delicious pan to begin the meal, a good wine selection, fair pricing, and the food is somewhere between blase and good. At best, I would like to think of it as a 2.5, but will give it a 3 because I think Chapeau! does know it's faults and is working on its improvement.But, would I come back here again? I think the euphemism here is, if a friend wanted to meet here, I would not object, but I do not think I personally will call Chapeau! anytime soon for a reservation.
I live super close to here and only was introduced to this French restaurant tonight by a friend who also lives nearby. The owner Philippe greeted me warmly at the door (I found out later my friend had informed Philippe I was a little fastidious about my food); our waiter was friendly and efficient; and Dine About Town is happening now! So, we ordered the Dine About Town menu: first came the beet juice soup, which was yummy. Then, I had the frisee salad with foie gras and chips, the mussels (the broth was to die for), then the lemon tart. Mmm mmmmmm. I can't believe I never went to this place and it's practically next door to my place. The onion soup was fantastic as well. Merci, Philippe!
Always fabulous and never disappoints! I've been coming to Chapeau! for years and it is by far one of my favorite restaurants-phenomenal food with the highest quality ingredients and a warm and welcoming staff. Definitely my go to place for all occasions!
Good food, great service, nice ambiance, and reasonably priced! This was a great choice for Valentine's dinner with the boyfriend. (Thanks, hun!) It was bizarre to see a little French place, run by a Chinese woman, in the Richmond district, but boy does she deserve a round of applause! She was personable and attentive--the wait staff was amazing but not overbearing. They took your coats/umbrellas before you are seated and they do a great job at making you feel like royalty.For appetizers, I really would recommend the onion soup--it is AMAZING. The spinach salad is a bit less amazing, but definitely a good starter.We had the duck breast and cassoulet as entrees. I loved the tender duck, but I wasn't a fan of the cassoulet (which is really...a piece of lamb soaked in beans and sausages + sauce...kinda like chilli). For dessert, we ordered the apple crisp (wow) and sorbet, which came in 2 scoops (passion fruit, pomegranate, and green apple). The sorbet, once again, looked pretty, but it was average. The apple crisp on the other hand is a MUST TRY!! To top it off, this was all just around 1 bill. :) Quite reasonable for a Valentine's dinner, eh? For the fellows trying to save a few bucks for a romantic dinner date, this is the place to go.Only qualm: the tables are SO close to one another (like..5 inches away) that we literally learned the life stories of the couple to our right and we made friends with the couple to our left.
VALUE VALUE VALUE. Chapeau is the master of good value. The dishes are made with very fresh and high quality ingredients. The portions are perfect. The cost is as good as it gets in SF. Where else can you get a four course tasting menu for $45 and a wine list that averages $60/bottle? Ambiance is a double edged sword. I think Chapeau got it's table layout from studying a United 747 cabin because you just can't get any more people in one spot without violating fire codes. The noise level isn't trivial either. Just a bit below that of the SFO tarmac. But, it all kind of works as you have great wait staff and a cozy, cute environment that does remind you of Paris. The food is simple and lacks creativity, but you have all the French basics and everything is cooked to perfection. Here are some suggestions:Mussels - great sauce (save your bread) but the mussels were just OK. Small and lacking flavorFrench onion soup - pretty standardScallop (the addition on the tasting menu) - get it. The scallop is perfectly cooked and sits on a bed of risotto with a light curry sauce. It's an interesting combination that works wellStriped Bass - the failure of the night. The fish was perfectly cooked and had a nice pepper seasoning, but it was overwhelmed by the mushroom sauce. A BAD combo.Salmon - this was great. The salmon was (again) cooked perfectly and sat on a bed of mashed sweet potatoes and cabbage. It was just a great combination and I'm not even a huge fan of salmon or cabbage.Desserts - they were all in the average/good category.Hats off to a great bistro, but if you want a quiet setting with creative food, keep looking.
I'm a fan. You're greeted by the Owner/Chef right when you walk in. This is rare, however, it felt really warming and it was appreciated.Place was packed on a Friday evening. I admit it's louder than your average French restaurant, but that doesn't bother me.I opted for the 4-course meal. Started with the Trio of Salmon, which was light and tasty. The dish was plated nicely and everything on the dish was edible. I was told by our server that every thing on each plate is there for a reason. So, go figure! Second, I had the scallop with risotto dish (this was their fish dish included in the the 4-course option). The scallop was cooked perfectly and the risotto wasn't too heavy. Just the right amount and a nice blend of flavors. I chose the Filet Mignon w/ the Foie Gras. This was DELICIOUS. Foie Gras was melt-in-your mouth good. My filet was cooked perfectly. The mushrooms that accompanied the dish were great. The earthy taste of the mushrooms really complimented the creamy foie gras and filet. Lastly, I had the French Toast w/ Hazelnut Ice Cream. By far the BEST tasting french toast I've ever had... too bad I was too full to finish the entire course. I think this place offers a great value for French food. The atmosphere does not come off as pretentious at all, which might turn you away from the fine dining experience. You can come here dressed casually and not feel completely out of place. All the guests at my table were completely satisfied with their meals. I've already started recommending this place to friends that have yet to try French cuisine.
I'll break down our review:Price: The appetizers were overpriced, the entrees were about right, and the desserts were about right. We also had a couple of glasses of wine, slightly overpriced but not terrible. We weren't set that we were going to be getting the prix fixe menu, and we started with 1 appetizer to split between us, we each had an entree, and then we made the decision to go for a dessert to split. We were both disappointed that they didn't turn one of our meals into the prix fixe price when they did that for the people sitting next to us. We did not argue the point, which we should have, so some of the fault is our's, but I would expect at a good restaurant that it would be automatically done.Ambiance: It's VERY noisy inside due to the small space (we actually had to move the table so one of us could sit down). We could hear the entire conversation on both sides of us. We're not from SF or a large city, so this may be standard and maybe people from the city are so used to it that it doesn't bother them at all, but we had a hard time with it.Staff: Our waiter left a lot to be desired. We were uncomfortable on several occasions. There was just a big discrepancy between how we were treated and how some of the other tables were treated.Food: Delicious. We had the black tiger prawn appetizer - 3 prawn wrapped in phylo dough (I think it was phylo dough) with tomato and onion was delicious. She had the filet mignon which was perfect. I had the cassoulet and it was amazing and a very large portion. For dessert we had the french toast with hazelnut ice cream on top. There are no complaints about the food, and if this review was only about the food it would be a 5 star for sure. Unfortunately, when the entire experience is taken into account, we chose to give it at 3 out of 5.
I have to admit I'm kinda of a hard ass when it comes to rating eating establishments. I rarely give out 4 starts and it's even rarer for me to hand out 5.Nevertheless, Chapeau! definitely earned everyone of the stars I gave it. From the complimentary cup of chilled soup when we sat to the head chef actually chasing us down the street to give us hug and wish us back; it was an exquisite evening. Who would have thought this little gem existed in the Richmond!I don't want to go into the experience too much because I feel enough has been said already and its reputation and food speaks for itself.I had the sweetbreads to starts, which were amazing, and the Duck and Lamb cassoulet, which was also amazing. My only regret is that I didn't order the prime rib special of the night, which looked like absolute nirvana next to the 3 sauces it was served with.I can't wait to go back, and you shouldn't either.Chapeau! it was tasty--requisite negative side point -- It's way too small inside, but don't let that dissuade you from having an experience here.
I left here full, too full...soo full that I had to go home and sleep off my Foie Gras coma.....They have a special menu that is reminiscent of the Dine About Town promotion that hits SF twice yearly...only their special menu is year round....If you have 3 hours to sit and canoodle with your loved one, or in my case, my best friend...this is a great place to wine and dine and experience great french food.
Okay, this place is fantastic! I met up with some friends who are in the restaurant business back home. They travel all over Europe (especially France) and love to explore and find the hidden gems. So you could say they are "in the know!" Well Bistro Chapeau! is a hidden gem. Nestled at the corner of 15th and Clement, you'd probably drive past it and not know that they had great French food there. The place was packed but that didn't take away from the service -- heck, Chef Philippe Gardelle even took my coat when I walked in! Now that's service!The food was unbelievable. We were able to sample practically every appetizer on the menu although the onion soup, foie gras tourchon, and crispy duck confit garbure were what everyone gravitated to. For the main course, you can't go wrong with the cassoulet. It was excellent! Of the six of us half got the cassoulet, another got the lamb shank (the meat just fell off the bone), and I got the roasted pork loin. When I go back to Chapeau, cassoulet is definitely what I'm ordering!Just when I thought I couldn't eat any more, dessert was brought out. We had creme brulee, orange soup, basil napoleon, and profiterolles. There were a couple other desserts brought out, but I was way too stuffed to try them.Overall, I'd have to say that this is the best meal I've had in a while. Chapeau is well priced, the food is fantastic, and the service is great!
I took Steve J. to dinner here last night for his birthday. I had asked for a nice table in my OpenTable reservation and they seated us right by the window. When the restaurant started filling up, I realized the window seats were the best seats in the house because all the other tables are lined up right next to each other. The window seats are autonomous island states away from the fray and far more private.Food? Delicious. Gorgeous. Three courses left me stuffed. I have no idea how authentic it is, if you care about this kind of thing. I'll say this: Chapeau knows what to do with potatoes. Num.Service? Professional, charming and leisurely. Three courses took 2 hours. That's a long time for dinner, folks. But, I really didn't feel like I had to wave down anybody.Your fellow patrons? The class interplay in the Richmond always fascinates me: Clement St is this DMZ between the well-heeled folks living north of California St and the unwashed masses living south of Geary Blvd, and these groups tend to gravitate toward separate businesses along Clement. As you might imagine, the well-heeled flock to Chapeau.Overall, worth another visit. We might try doing the early bird special one of these days.
absolutely phenomenal meal! go for the early bird special (3 course dinner for $28) or splurge and you won't regret it. the service was incredibly friendly and thoughtful, not at all hurried or snooty. We were seated at a prime table and the chef even came out to greet us. The waitstaff was attentive and friendly, but not overbearing. Now the food. oh goodness, so delicious. Beginning with the soup amuse bouche served in espresso cups we knew we were in for a treat. The daily soup involved squash and duck fat and lots of other things I forget, but it was perfect for the rain outside. But by far the best appetizer was the salmon trio. Such a large quantity too! Salmon tartare + house smoked salmon + salmon roe. absolutely melt in your mouth divine raw fish. Our entrees were salmon and filet mignon. Again, both so tender and fresh! My steak was cooked to my liking and the potatoes it was served on were really good. The french are known for their sauces, no? well you could tell. Add a dessert of creme brulee and it was a deliciously memorable dinner. I will definitely come back, because Chapeau delivers high quality, good portioned, reasonably priced cuisine with a great ambiance and service to boot.
Went here for our Ani!!! It was perfect!!! The stripped bass dish that I got was to die for and to end my meal with their chocolate cake... My mouth is starting to salivate right now.. I can assure I will back. Also, what impress me the most is how the chef greeted every customer. Matter of fact, he even took our order!!!!! Where do you get service like that????? Tell me!!! I suggest everyone try this place
We went here Wednesday evening to celebrate our anniversary. I live in the neighborhood and the reviews seemed great. I am not usually a fan of French cuisine but the food did not disappoint. I loved the mustard based dressing on the mesclun salad and the fried camembert added a delicious texture to the greens. Although I did not taste my husbands duck salad he said he enjoyed it. For my entre I ordered the poussin which had bacon in the sauce. I was concerned it would be greasy but that was certainly not the case. As with the salad I finished every drop! I am not a dessert person so I cannot comment.The dining room is nicely decorated and is very pleasant. I would prefer that the tables not be so close together but in a city setting I know that space is at a premium. I would definitely go again!
The food here is amazing and the wine list is excellent. There are so many wonderful things on the menu - but the sweetbreads and a nice bottle of red always call out to me. Really superb overall.
Friday Night....Reservations from the start of the yearI'm even yelping before five stars are clearIt will be our pre valentines day celebrationIt is in walking distance of our final destination!I know what I'm wearingI'm sure he'll be staring.I plan to flirt all the way through dessertI have read the reviewsI have studied the menuThey offer my friends wineWhich I've enjoyed a few times..Been fasting for weeksfor foie gras and leeks!I'll have creme bruleeand run hard the next day.Oooh My excitement runs deep.I have already kissed Philippe!I just have to love it, this date of tomorrowIf things go badly, a tear, and a review of sorrow.UPDATE: Five Stars! The food was fantastic, I had the fois gras with the nice little wine that goes with it. I had the steak which was fantastic, and I loved the wine that we had too. Dessert was great.Additionally, I loved how close it was to us getting home- and I love French food.
Many of my friends had to walk by Cheapeau several times before realizing the hidden storefront's only sign: several pieces of computer paper scotch taped together with the name of the restaurant simply written in Sharpie. However, as soon as we entered, we were surprised to see white linen tables with a very professional and attentive wait staff. As soon as we were seated, we immediately felt comfortable in the cozy atmosphere.The menu is a three course meal where diners can choose their own combinations of first, second, and desert courses for a fixed price of $38. Some first and second course selections would constitute an additional charge of up to $8, such as the seared fois gras on toasted brioche, paired with an aperitif, a rich and buttery way to start the meal. The spirit chosen to accompany the fois was a perfect pairing.What struck every member of our table was the premier second course - a roasted prime rib for two served with four sauces (including a truffle sauce) and roasted bone marrow. Though this too warranted an extra $16 between two people, the dish did not disappoint. The head chef wheeled a cart with a cutting board to our table and sliced the prime rib for us table side, emulating the big silver carts of a House of Prime Rib. The bone barrow was stuffed with thyme and a bay leaf, however the herbs did not permeate much in the decadent fatty marrow.We did not think that any desert would be able to match this deliciously glutenous meal, however, we were surprised again. Mixed diced fruit with small cubes of basil infused jello was surprisingly good and very refreshing.With a couple of beers and bottles of wine (not forgetting the added costs of the fois gras and prime rib/bone marrow extravaganza), the total per person hovered around $100. However, Cheapeau delivered an extremely memorable meal and we would recommend it to anyone who is willing to splurge.
SOMETHING SPECIAL! Well this is it. A world class restaurant with everything you could ask for. I took my girlfriend there for a special birthday dinner and it couldn't have been better. The service was great and sincere, but the food ... WOW, the food was incredible!!! You get to choose a three or four course meal, with a great selection, at a fixed price. I had the pork loin and she had the filet and they were both terrific. The appetisers and desserts were also great. The neigborhood is also very charming and loaded with other restaurants and little shops.
i'm sad to say that i'm leaving sf after 4 years shortly...so i'm on a mission to visit some new and some old spots round town.as a rule, i always request for a table away from drafts and the door on opentable. it was unneccessary since the interior - formerly belonging to clementine was warm and inviting. from the host to the chef and the servers, they were all really gracious and friendly.apps:the special of the day included a white corn soup with crab. creamy and flavorful - it was perfect for a windy sf evening.the seared foie gras was a good portion served with apple slices. a solid dish but i still say la folie's version on top of a caramelized peach rules.entrees: the cassoulet with lamb and duck confit was a no brainer so we both ordered it. smoky, homey, and utterly filling.desserts:the molten chocolate cake was worthy of it's 15 min wait. a scoop and the liquid chocolate just melts in your mouth.the apple tart with chestnut mousse caught my attention and it was fantastic.after a lovely meal, we went back into the wind with my boxed up leftover entree (always leave room for dessert) and some extra baguette.hat's off to you chapeau!
I came here for an anniversary dinner. I had a reservation. I was on time; they were not ready for me. I waited extra time to get a table not directly in front of the door. It was very crowded, nothing like I expected. It's nearly cafeteria style seating. The waiters kept reaching awkwardly around my girlfriend. They didn't have any of our first choices for drinks, so the waiter just picked things for us, which turned out fine, but it's not nice to select a wine from the list and be told "oh, we don't have that."Our waiter was also pretty annoying, a bit too much personality for a restaurant like this. The list of nightly specials, delivered orally at length could have been better stated by an insert in each menu. On to the food: I ordered the three course prix fixe. -Onion soup (the BEST onion soup in the city)-Duck breast (the duck was nicely cooked, but the sauce was lacking in flavor, also no vegetables)-Blueberry tart thing (not what I was expecting, but very good)There seemed to be lots of birthdays last night and some people were really drunk and loud. The tables being so close together makes that problem much worse. This should be 3.5 stars.
It's a MUST!!! Chef and staff is super friendly and food was delicious! Upon arriving, was greeted by the hostess who led us to the bar and then had THEE chef lead us to our table =) Although tables are very close together it was a nice vibe. Had a three course meal and a bottle of Roset and bill came out pretty ok! Was VERY pleased and defenitely a great neighborhood find!
2/22/2010Run , don't walk to this Fine French Restaurant that will WOW you!My fiance and I arrived around 5:30 P.M. and were greeted warmlyby Executive Chef ,Phillippe Gardelle. We signed up thru Open Table and got the corner table we asked for when we walked in from the rain. Lovely ,warm and inviting atmosphere. Great service from thewait staff and head waiter. Well selected wine menu , check outtheir 2007 Gigondas , Domaine Brusset for $46.00- it's awesome , great value and pairs nicely with many items on their Menu. We chose the Early Bird Special for $28.00 per person ! Appetizer - Lobster Bisque Soup with Crabmeat ($3.00 upgrade)          YUMMY!!           Escargot ( with lots of warm bread to soak up the sauce)Entree -Cassoulet de Toulosse exceeded our expectations.       The portions were generous and fresh, lovely plate        presentation , arrived hot ! Excellent duck confit , sausages       lamb shoulder & canellini beans -AHHHH! Heaven.       Lavender Honey and Dijon Glazed Petit Poussin          Again, beautifully prepared and delicious.             Dessert:Profiterolles : highly recommended , how can you go wrong!        Creme Brulee: was very good though after        seeing the French Toast ,Haselnut Cream being           served next to me I may try it the next time I go.My only suggestion would be to arrive early due to the lack ofparking in the area.We'll be back , for sure. My Chapeau 's off to this Fine French Restuarant that serves classic french food without the attitude.
This place is off the chain. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere and most important awesome food. Came here for early bird prix fixe because quite frankly it's the only thing my broke ass can afford right now. I ordered the escargot first, the butter garlic sauce was delicious and went well with the bread they kept coming out. Just be careful because they come out HOT. Next I had the flounder w/ braised leeks, roasted tomatoes and mashed potatoes, everything in this dish was cooked to perfection but I gotta say that I tasted my friends second course (the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin) and even though the flounder was good, the pork was great. For dessert I had the Basil Napoleon (a mixed fruit dish with pineapple, mango, kiwi, strawberries and banana topped with a light basil sauce) which also was a standout (I tried my friends creme brulee and was definitely more impressed by my dessert). I've never thought of basil being used in that light so it was a nice surprise to taste it in a fruit dish like that.The staff checked up on us the whole time to make sure everything was going well and we were taken care of the whole time. Only word of advice is that you should be ready for a fairly noisy environment and to be able to eat in close quarters with other diners as the place gets pretty packed (with good reason). Definitely recommend checkin this place out at least once.
My co-workers and I came here for dinner because we are one of their vendors. We had a 7:30 reservation and were seated immediately. All the food we had was absolutely delicious: we split some appetizers: warm brie (oh man) and the goat cheese. Yum. I had the striped bass and mashed potatoes as my entree and it was perfection. My friends had the lamb shank, the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, and the cassoulet, all of which they said were great as well. Then we split some desserts: the apple tarte grande-mere with hazelnut gelato (what a combo) and the valrhona chocolate cake with banana flambe and rum raisin gelato. My goodness! Our only drawback was that the service was slow. Our order wasn't taken for quite awhile, and they were out of several of our wine choices. By the time we were done with our meal, it was 10:30! A little bit too long for me, but it did give us time to enjoy everything. Our waiter was hilarious, but the place is small and a little noisy.I would highly recommend Chapeau! Delicious food, just be prepared to spend the evening there!
I don't normally write reviews on yelp but after I tried Chapeau! I just have to write one. It was one of the best meals I've had in a while!I had the 3 course prix fixed menu. The foie gras is a must have! It's buttery and perfectly cooked. The filet mignon is great as well. And I love the lychee martini. The food is so good I don't even mind that my water didn't get refilled. It's absolutely a good place for a night out.
When I get to work on Monday, I will stick my boot up my coworker's you-know-where for recommending this place to me. I made reservations at this place for my anniversary with my wife. We get there at 4:55pm because our reservation is at 5pm, when the restaurant opens. We're told by the guy there to give them a few minutes to set up. Sounds reasonable.My wife and I stand outside in the freezing cold for about 10 minutes. They had closed the door to prep. A white couple comes in at 5:05pm, no reservation, and the waiter proceeds to sit them at a table. He made no effort to come out and seat us (young-looking Asian couple).Needless to say, my wife and I were furious. My wife went in and told the waitperson that we had a reservation past due and that we were canceling because of what happened. The guy didn't apologize or do any "service recovery." He said he was coming out to seat us, but he didn't demonstrate any body language that he was going to do so.this is one of those experiences that people of color go through that leaves a sour taste in their mouthes for the rest of the night, because they're wondering if race or age had anything to do with it, or if the guy was just a jerk. he was an older Asian, but I've seen plenty of Asian wait staff kowtow to white patrons and leave the Asian customers out to freeze (in our case, literally).Obviously I can't say anything about the food. From what I could tell, the seating was far too packed and the lighting was too far to bright.We ended up going to Khan Toke that night and we treated ourselves to an excellent meal service by polite and professional waitstaff.
I vomited violently after visiting Cheapeau! Really, it put an explanation point on my evening. Let me elaborate. We had reservations to celebrate my best buddy's birthday. I ordered the $38 for a three course meal and upgraded the appetizer to include some of the best fois gras I have ever placed into my mouth.... I weep for the upcoming ban.... damn you peta. ***Thinking to myself***this is a french restaurant- the portions are probably small... as I order the lamb shank and pot du creme. The lamb shank was about the size of my leg-- ridiculous. Massive tender, juicy lumbering tasty animal part. I was full about halfway through... but it was SOOOOOOOOO good, I just kept on shoving it down. Then dessert. I ate all of that too... and a bottle of wine. There was also some prime rib involved in this eating binge. My eyes were all watery and I couldn't walk in a straight line. I couldn't help feeling like a goose with a turkey baser full of chocolate and wine down it's throat. That, or Mr. Creosote from Monty Python's Meaning of LifeLater that evening, I burst from overeating. I never felt so guilty about upchucking. Admittedly I thought about going to the kitchen and getting a spoon for a return trip. If I get desperate for survival after the earthquake, at least I know my liver will be tasty.
I love this place. Affordable, traditional, and
I went her the other night for dinner and this place was great. The waiter was super friendly and nice (the waiter has a strong French accent so my friend was like what is he saying?, lol) but he was great. They came back to the table many times to make sure everything was ok. It's really nice how the owner comes to the table to introduce himself and make sure you enjoy his food. You don't see that very often. I highly recommend the filet mignon, french onion soup and the escargot. For dessert the Neopolitain was AWESOME and the chocolate molten cake YUM!.
We met up with our friends at the restaurant. We had a great time. The tables were way too close...but that's the only complaint. Can't beatthe prices! I had soup, cassoulet, profiterolles. I couldn't stop myselffrom eating some of my boyfriend's scallop, leg of lamb, and cheese plate!
Amazing dessert and appetizers, though the mains didn't justify the price. Overcooked the veal but rectified the mistake with a free dessert. Great service and cozy atmosphere. Almost great.
I love Negative feedback from my fellow yelpers! By Andrew G.Oh, the horror! They brought you the ice cream even though you said not to bring it! String them up! Oh puh-leeze. I've been reading your reviews, and you're nothing but a supercilious over-picky, never-happy bitch. Get a life already. How you have a BF is beyond me, unless he's deaf._________________________________________________________I was impressed by all the review here and i really wanted to give it a go. I came here for BF's bday about a few months back and was impressed by the similarity to Chouchou....meaning the whole heavy drapes at the door to keep all the eating patrons warm and draft free.We decided to do the pre-fix course. BF got the rack of lamb and i forgot what i ordered...maybe duck or something. I was told by our tipsy neighbors the salmon here was the best. I had a salmon trio or rainbow and i wasn't at all impressed it was quite salty and it made me finish my glass of water......BF got the duck confitt salad and he said it was pretty yum.....He said he had better rack of lamb and wasn't impressed by what we were offered. I Guess it could've been better but i thought it was pretty good.I forgot what i ordered....=T i'll have to check the camera.The desert.........OMG...JUST RUINEd the whole entire dinner......i specifically requested NO RUM Raisin Ice cream for my choclate cake, rather i wanted the vanilla.....but they didn't listen....ugh...and the choclate cake was salty!! wtf?! talk about salt-happy....sigh. i had to eat my BF's vanilla ice cream instead.....but his puff pastry was yum tho!
I just had a delicious dinner at a Super Fancy Place where appetizer was ~$20, entree was ~$40, dessert was $10 (firm's tab), so it says a lot that upon coming home I feel compelled to write with joy about the wonderful perfection of a dining experience that is Chapeau! Not only is the taste and value of the 3-course prix fixe for $39 totally AMAZING, it's low key, unpretentious, and intimate. Also, who knew you could buy heavenly happiness for $25 through the early bird special from 5-6pm on Sundays-Thursdays (rsvp early)!The exterior looks like any other apartment in Richmond, but once you step past the velvet curtain into the small dining room you are greeted warmly by the executive chef Philippe, serviced by super friendly staff, and even sent off with hugs and kisses! I can think of a lot of things that are "only in SF," but this place is something I will come back for over and over. Some examples of the yummilicious food: King Edward mussels, salmon in a delicious pesto sauce with yukon gold potatoes and tomatoes, filet mignon with potatoes, bay scallops, pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, trio of sorbets (tart and icy goodness!) and basil Napoleon -- dollop of cream in refreshing basil sauce with small cuts of fruit -- a light dessert just the way I like it. Luckily my bf isn't creeped out by the fact that when we go here I just end up grinning through my entire meal. :D
Quirky. Unexpected. Little. Crowded. Unassuming. Delicious.Odd place to come to when crowded because there is no wait area. And when you enter you must make your way through this giant heavy womb like curtain, but it is worth it. Service is solid and so is the food. I will say that if you don't enjoy eating in crowded places, still come, just watch your elbows. Everything I tasted was so good, but there is one thing everyone must try and that is the Brie!
I adore this place. It's a wonder to me that people aren't lined up around the block to get in every single night. It's a blessing that they aren't!Chapeau is tucked away in a very residential part of Clement Street, easily missed driving by. The inside doesn't scream much of anything -- it's clean and comfortable but not memorable. Food, and hospitality, are kings here.First, there's Philippe. The Frenchman owner-chef is truly the heart of this place. You can taste it in his food -- he *loves* to cook. His dishes change every few weeks and each one is creative and flavorful without trying too hard. While it's delicious, his food lacks pretentiousness.But Philippe is not just his food. He is an excellent host. At every meal we've eaten there, he's come to our table and talked to us about the food, what he hopes to cook on the next menu, and makes us feel special and welcome. Before we leave, he comes out of the kitchen to shake my hand and kiss my wife's cheeks. Once, we walked out the door before he knew we were leaving, and he literally chased after us to say his goodbyes!Despite this, it is still an intimate dinner. The service is excellent and present but not invasive. Even when the chef joins us at the table, it's a welcome addition not an intrusion. The lighting is dim and slightly romantic. The space is filled with tables and quite tight, but still it feels as even you have just enough space to be private.The prices are not cheap, per se, but extremely reasonable considering the food and there is a 3-course pris fixe menu before 6 (except on Fridays and Saturdays) that's usually around $20. That's blue-hair early for dinner but you'll find the restaurant full anyway. I honestly can't rave enough about this place. If it were easy to walk to or if it were easier to park in the Richmond, we might eat there so often as to have a seat named after us! Then again, maybe it wouldn't be so special if we did that...
A bit on the small side with tables close together, that first impression fades as soon as the menu arrives. So much delicious sounding stuff on it. I hope they didn't re-use my menu with all the drool on it.The food was as good as it sounded. We all opted for the four course meal (we had a gift certificate), in the appetizers, the sweetbreads were terrific, the smoked salmon excellent, the squash soup was excellent if you go for that sort of thing (I don't.) The fish course was a scallop, it was so good I asked if I could have one for desert (request turned down.) I had the vegetable napolean, which was succulent. The lamb shank, also very tasty, was big enough for two. Oddly, the fish (striped bass) was a very small portion compared to everything else, but I assume it's sustainable fish, which would mean high cost to the restaurant.There is a very inexpensive "happy hour" prix fixe, if you go between 5 and 6 PM, Monday to Thursday. Without the gift certificate, that's probably the next trip there.
i only wish i was rich enough to eat here every night. bread was fresh, hot, crusty, delicious. got the escargot as an appetizer, and for some reason i remember enjoying it more when i was in france (perhaps it was because i was in france). anyway, boy liked them a lot and i soaked up the butter sauce with the bread and everyone was happy. cauliflower amuse bouche was excellent (soaked that up with the bread as well). i got the mussels, boy got the cassoulet. french fries and aioli were freakin amazing, and i could probably eat those mussels everyday. philippe and his wife are so sweet and really make you feel welcome in their restaurant. the whole place just has a comforting feel that keeps you coming back for more.
Dine here last night, the food was great! But the french toast was the best!!! I did not finish my dinner, so had it wrapped up to go.So today I was ready to eat it, open it , it was someone's leftover. Not happy at all. Minus a star for you.
We took our friends here since they wanted to try some french food and they were delighted! And want to search out similar restaurant in LA.We had the prix fixe meals on Sunday. Not only was it an excellent deal, the food and service were wonderful. The amuse bouche was an asparagus soup. I had the Veloute of Parsnips as my starter and it was much better than I had expected. Four of us gave it a thumbs up! Then I had the Salmon, medium-rare. The salmon was nothing special (even at 5 star restaurants - they seem to all prepare it the same way) It was good but I wasn't in awe. The greens and the mashed potatoes were delicious. We also had the escargots, the salmon duo ALL were good.For dessert I had the Basil Napoleon. It reminded me of Top Chef!!! Imagine basil flavor being in your desert! But all four us agreed it was actually really good. It came with chopped up kiwis/pineapple and mango mouse. The basil was just a hint but really good mix of flavors!! The creme brulee was nice, not the best I've had, but the portion was HUGE compared to all other places. Service was impeccable! Our drinks were never dry and service was very unobtrusive considering all the tables were squeezed in. The place was packed for a Sunday. Would definitely come again and try their other dishes!
Chapeau! The bill comes in a straw chapeau! The food was OK, but the service was somehow at the same level as a good coffee shop. No knowledge in finery of table service in a French restaurant. The wait staff (server)should be sent to training.
All you people are crazy.Maybe it's because I've been completely spoiled by my mom's home cooked food, but this place was just alright.First of all, we had a large party of 10 which I called to make reservations for ahead of time. The woman Ellen was so accomadating that it made me feel really good about going to this restaurant. I thought, service will be great, and the food reviews are awesome... this will be a great experience.Well, it was nothing more than mediocre. And that's actually rating it high. The service was NOT at all up to par. They were rude, and we had to ask 3 times for water! I thought water is like an automatic kind of thing to get people once they are seated... anyway. And at one point the guy (PRIMO) was pouring wine and completely brushed the side of my face and head with his cloth... maybe he didn't notice when i kinda squealed or was just too busy, but he didn't say a thing! Not "excuse me" or "i'm so sorry ma'am". NADA. Anyway don't come here if you want to wait 45 minutes to get water and get bumped into several times...On to the food. The lamb was impressive. Fell right off the bone - wonderful. The scallops are something my mom could cook so I wasn't at all impressed with them... the pork was just ok. It's definitely not worth what you pay for the food. Maybe the night would have been better if the service was better.
Chapeau! fo'sho! This place is great. We ordered 6 appetizers and for the most part they all had awesome flavor combinations that sent my taste buds on a warp speed to France.After checking out the menu we already made up our mind that the first experience at Chapeau would be strictly a french rendition of tapas. 6 app's for mr. muffin top...comin' up. Trio of salmon (4) a combination of salmon roe,salmon tartare, held together by nigiri size strips of salmon. topped with micro greens tossed in a vinaigrette and garnished with fried capers, egg, and criss cut chips. Battered Tiger prawns (3) centered around a tapenade of tomato,pepper, and olives. Duck Garbure (4) applewood smoked bacon and crispy duck cracklin's nestled in thinly shredded savoy cabbage and topped with a few slices of foie grasFoie gras torchon (4) was stacked on a toasted bread mini-puck drenched in olive oil and garnished with a black currant reduction sauce surrounded by micro greens placed on a trail of citrus glaze. PEI mussels (3) in a white wine sauce. Came with french fries and an aioli dipping sauce. on the verge of being too salty and fries were soft and mushy.Crimini crusted veal (4) so good i couldn't even tell you what the F they put in there....it was just damn good...ok. If you have room at the end I def. recommend the warm chocolate cake (4) think of a warm chocolate molten cake vs. the banana's foster and a scoop of rum raisin ice cream....damn....i wish i had one right now.
I wasn't sure what to expect when dining at a French restaurant in the Richmond district, but was pleasantly surprised. I started out with a half dozen oysters and the sauce that came with it was very tasty (maybe not as good as Hog Island's Hog Wash.) I had Salmon for my entree. It was cooked perfectly and mash potatoes, clams, and snowpeas that came with it was excellent. The creme brulee dessert was okay, but I wished they had more options.The restaurant was small and quaint. All the tables were very close to each other. The atmosphere was very casual, with the people next to us taking pictures of their food with big honking cameras (I was too embarrased to bring out my wimpy iPhone camera) and some other table had someone showing a laptop presentation. All in all I recommend this restaurant. It you show up between 5 and 6 on a Sunday, they even have a $28 early bird dinner menu.
I haven't been to Chapeau since the owner bought Clementine, but I've dined here several times and all my experiences were EXCELLENT.Yes, it is a very small and cramped place, so don't come here for a romantic first date thinking the room will be adorned with candles and roses. Once you get over the fact that you can literally reach over and steal a morsel of foie gras from your neighbors plate, this is really a fun place. The food is delicious and service wonderful. Service speaks a lot these days. There was one time my friends and I requested a certain dish be on the menu and in all honesty there was no promise that it would be. It wasn't avaliable that week and of course my friend and I pouted for a minute. The Chef sent a complimentary appetizer and dessert and we really weren't making a big deal at all!And as everyone has said, Philippe, the Chef, makes sure to send you home with a warm thank you and "bisou-bisou" kiss kiss on the cheek goodbye.
Yep. It's everything everyone already said. To sum up:French Onion Soup = Solid, more cheese wouldn't hurtFilet Mignon = Smaller cut, great potatoes & shroomsSalmon = Tasty.Choco Cake = Still in shock. It was that good.Nice and cozy but attentiveness of staff makes up for proximity of your neighbors. Not 100% in agreement with cost comments - maybe in relation to other French joints it's cheaper but still more than other solid SF options. Tab was $135 for two which isn't a steal but worth the price.
Ze art of French Cuisine, which has been accomplished by Chapeau.The Chapeau is a small restaurant, which isn't too bad considering it keeps the noise level down and a peaceful environment. Also, is located at a pretty bad place considering parking is almost impossible. Do be aware the place can get loud though, which gets annoying in a small place which noise can't escape easily. None the less, those are minor things that don't rly affect the dining.Service: Fairly good. Waiters always check up on you at well gapped times so that you don't get tired of them asking if things are going well, as well as refills to your drinks. They don't mess up on orders that much, but if they do, they make sure u are reimbursed and have a complimentary dish to compensate for the trouble.Food: Very delicious. The food is a tad pricy, but priced well for the quality. The Foie Gras appetizer is mighty delicious, and highly recommended if you decide to go. Also, you can't go wrong w/ any of the main dishes because they are all good in their own aspects, depending on what ur taste buds crave. In short, Chapeau = great french restaurant, i recommend it.
We ate here for a rehearsal dinner and I was quite impressed overall. The main courses were both beautifully plated and delicious. Also, as a vegetarian, I was pleased to have a real veg option that was original and just as carefully designed and cooked as the meat dishes. The pear tart had cheese that was slightly too strong for the more delicate pear and pastry, but my butternut squash with chickpeas, asparagus and carrots was delicious. Dessert options were all interesting, fruit and chocolate options as well as a giant creme brle. Service was efficient, especially for 15 people.
Excellent pork tenderloin with yam puree (and I don't even like yams!)Nice warm brie appetizer w/ potato dauphineNice tropical fruit medley dessertSolid serviceBill adorably arrives in a chapeau
Chapeau! is definitely an experience that I haven't had before. Their service is superb with every new customer receiving a handshake or tete-a-tete pour les madames.  The owner, Phillipe Gardelle, made sure the service was impeccable. My boyfriend and I decided to get Menu 2 which is the second option for the fixed price menu which includes appetizer, tasting fish, entree, and dessert. All meals included a complimentary couliflower curry soup in an expresso looking cups. The taste was splendid...you can taste a mild curry with a hint of something sweet...we think it was honey. Here's the breakdown of what we had:1. Foie Gras - amazing...definitely melts in your mouth2. Tasting Fish - interesting, the skin is crunchy and not too fishy3. Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin - very very tender and the sauce is sweet and very good4. Lamb Shank - King Arthur size portions, but very tender and rich. You got to be crazy starving to finish this dishAll the desserts were great. The champagne was delicious as well.Great service, ambiance, and food. My only criticism would be that the restaurant is relatively small so you're sitting elbow to elbow with others.
The best french food I have had in the city. I have been to France and eaten in some of the best restaurants in Paris. This place more that Holds up. The specials are always top notch and the menu always has new items and they are always fantastic. I had the best pan seared foie gras appetizer I have ever had at Chapeau. Hands down. And Chef Gardelle is Great. Always takes the time to greet you himself. Over all, my favorite place to eat in the city of San Francisco.
Food (we tried steak and salmon) was excellent but everything else wasn't. Waiters only came around to take your order and give you food but never checked up on us. The food took FOREVER to cook. The place is ridiculously small, loud, and over-filled with people. The prices were high. Um, just go to Spruce.
I blew it. I came here thinking I was going to just chill with $50 with my bday girl and what do I do? I got dazzled by foie gras and champagne. DARN YOU!!! Here rolls in my Ben Franklins...What's not to love about this place? We got excellent service, complementary cream of cauliflower soup, fresh french bread, and chilled champagne!I really liked my kobocha soup and the foie gras was silky and delicious. I got the Prince Edward mussels which were great except I had bits of sand in mine in several pieces which is a nono!!! My teeth can't take that kind of cracking! The Basil Napoleon dessert was uber yummy! Laura L. got the salmon and the salad. Both of which were flaky and moist. One thing to note, the owner's cheek is softer than a baby's bottom...weird detail, but food for thought...I think it's cause all the ladies he kisses keeps him young.They accept AMEX, VISA and MC. For those of us who live and die by the card.
i loveddddd my experience at chapeau! great great great SUPER great service and i loved how the chef came out to chat with each table... i realized not a lot of people talked about what food to order so here is what i would HIGHLY recommend from chapeau...- all the appetizers were great! i especially enjoyed the salmon trio and the duck salad (has potato chips in it, so creative! and it really brings out the flavor in the duck)- ANY DUCK DISHES! they all tasted GREAT..- for dessert i would ask the waiter for recommendation..... they know exactly what their customers like to eat... (i didnt like my creme brulee, so i wouldnt recommend getting that one). you wont regret going there... it was one of the greatest dining experience i've had.
This was the best deal on amazing French food I have had anywhere in the USA. The corn soup with crab cake was delicious, creamy, with a hint of heat. The Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, pureed parsnips and gently cooked chard were gorgeous, and surrounded with an explosion-of-flavor sauce. My creme broulee was full of lush vanilla flavor and perfect texture. And this amazing meal was 30.00.Plus the chef visits with patrons and thanks you for coming!
If I'm not factoring in price, everything I had was excellent except the dessert. For dinner, I had fat juicy scallops. There were only three, but that was alright (even though the dish cost $26?) because I was stuffed from all the other stuff we got....the brie appetizer was especially good. My bf got cassoulet, which was a bit salty for our tastes....but I'm not rating his dinner, I'm rating mine!!!I will definitely go back but probably only for the prie fixe deal Sunday - Thursday because it is so much cheaper. I guess French food is supposed to be expensive and, whaa, whaa, whaa, so I guess Chapeau is reasonably priced in that regard and is deserving of four stars. However, if I'm going to factor in my wallet, I can only give this place 3 and a half.
i had a 5 course meal last night. It was one of the most amazing experiences i've had in terms of dining. Their appetizers are among the most original and tasting Ive ever had, and their CHocolate Cake, which you have to order in the beginning of the meal because they bake it on the spot, is absolutely marvelous! I took my girlfriend there and ended up spending $83 plus tip (not a bad value at all if you consider how much we ordered). Their tea selection was fun, and the service is absolutely second to none. This restauran is small (probably able to hold 20 people at a time). Easy to miss too, hidden in a residential area. But I believe that is what makes this place great... and "secret" (in spite of the hundreds of reviews being written). Also, the owner of the restaurant, Phillipe Gardelle, goes out of his way to place his customers. he shakes everyone's hands, checks on the tables, gives friendly looks, and kisses other people's girlfriends on the cheeck (jjjjjjjashik!)... you gotta love the French. I defintely recommend it. solid 5 stars in my book.
They have very good review, so I guess I had very high expectations. The price is average, but the food was just okay for me. The cassoulet was pretty standard, and the fish presentation was boring.
If you are looking for classic French this is the spot. Philippe will take care of you like a friend. This is my back-round, I love french food.You will enjoy everything in the menu.
I had high expectations because of Yelp reviews and French friends and because I'm french too and I missed French food...and we were very very disappointed!!!! A bit expensive, very noisy, not very good (we ate the cassoulet, not very tasty) and the desert (profiteroles) were one of the worst that I ate... You should go to Chez Papa
One of my absolute favorite places to go -- and not just because it's our special place, although that has much to do with it.But really, it's an amazing restaurant. It's completely unexpected -- out in the Richmond, shades over the windows -- and you'll drive by it without even knowing what it is. When you walk in, it's cozy and romantic. The chef comes out to greet you and shake your hand. If you want the experience, here's how to do it:Start with a glass of champagne, get a bottle of wine, and go with one of the menu options -- I choose the vegetarian, obviously. The food is delicious, but it's very rich. I have never been able to eat all of it. So, you can also choose to share a starter and a dessert rather than going with the menus.Don't forget to kiss the chef on your way out! But don't worry -- he'll follow you out if you do. Wonderful experience all around.
This was simply one of the best dining experiences I had. My #1 french restaurant. Excellent from start to finish. I came here twice and both times was completely satisfied. The food is definitely on the richer side compared to other french restaurants (clementine...which is also up there) but the foie gras is mouth watering. $$$perspective: extreme value for the quality and detail of the dishes. Keep rocking Chapau, we'll be back!
I previously ate at both the old Clementine and the old Chapeau, and liked both. I expected good, but a recent dinner there was way beyondmy expectation! Everything was simply delicious! This restaurant has become a food destination for me. Wow! Amazing!
Every time, PERFECTION!one of my all-time favorite French restaurants in the States and my very favorite restaurant in SF.LOVE YOU!!
We went here because of YELP. My party and I made reservations through Open Table for two and the restaurant even called to confirm. So we're thinking...this place must and will be amazing! As fellow Yelpers have attested to, we anticipated a fine dining experience..especially with 881 reviews and 4 1/2 stars, what could go wrong right? Well, we arrived and were seated instantly. My coat was checked and hung. Drinks (water and champagne), bread and butter were served right away. Great start. After sitting there for 10 minutes, this man, I'm not sure if he's the owner/manager/head waitress but he gave us the menus and took our order (He also took every table's order thereafter so I'm sure he's the top personnel) . We went with the early bird of $28/person and shared it family style.FOOD:1st Course: SOUP OF THE DAY (ONION SOUP)-Tasted like melted cheddar cheese and precooked yet over cooked thick onion broth. The bread at the bottom of the bowl was too soggy and had been sitting in the soup too long. TRADITIONAL ESCARGOT DE BOURGOGNE IN BUTTER-PARSLEY & GARLIC SAUCE-The butter-parsley sauce was rich and could very well resemble olive oil. The escargot was soft to the bite, excellent. 2nd Course:PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND MUSSELS STEAMED WITH WHITE WINE, SHALLOT & PARSLEY, POMMES FRITES & ROUILLE-Good but not great following the escargot. The sauce was similar to the butter-parsley & garlic sauce used with the escargot only a little more diluted. Good portion.FARM RAISED CANADIAN SALMON BRAISED FENNEL & LEEK, BACON FLAVORED FINGERLING POTATOES, SHALLOT CONFIT, SAFFRON EMULSION-Salmon was medium rare as the guy that took our order had stated, but almost crusted on the top and tasted sweet. I'm a huge fan of salmon and sake but the sweet flavor just threw my taste buds off. 3rd Course: BASIL NAPOLEON W/ MAUI PINEAPPLE, MANILLA MANGO, BANANA, KIWI & STRAWBERRIES/CHAMPAGNE-CITRUS PASTRY CREAM/ FEUILLE DE BRIQUE-Don't let the name and description fool you. It would have been a beautiful and excellent dish if it had not been for the basil flavored sauce. The basil is potent. If you get this dish, make sure you omit the sauce or get it on the side. Personally, this dish was so confusing; it'd be better served as an appetizer than dessert. It really made me wish I had chosen ice cream instead =/.TAHITIENNE VANILLA BEAN CRME BRULE, ALMOND TUILE-This made up for the Basil Napolean and reminded me why I was there in the first place...excellent. Great portion.AMBIENCE:Obviously I missed the part where it says "a French Bistro" under their restaurant name. It's true, they're a bistro with a fine dining price tag. The place is dimly lit and the tables are very close to one another. Let's just say every time I looked up from my plate, I was practically a part of the neighboring parties' table! I had to avoid eye contact so they wouldn't think otherwise. Also, be prepared for a loud dining experience as the place is small. It's pretty packed and everyone is talking too. With that said, It's not a date friendly nor romantic place. And it definitely lacked the French ambiance I was looking for, the head personnel were Asian speaking French...which is great...but the atmosphere just wasn't there...and our bus boy/waiter was Latino who didn't understand English. Just a really differently infused yet diverse place. Truth be told, I was expecting a place more like the quaint Italian restaurants off of Columbus Street in North Beach with Italian servers or fast paced Chinese waiters serving food in Chinatown. This place was just different.I always like to judge a place by its restroom...if you don't need to go, don't go. Chapeau's women's restroom (single) reeked of urine and dcor sincerely lacked for such a high-end bistro.STAFF/SERVICE: Very attentive, friendly, and fast. Considering we were seated by the kitchen and along the wall that paralleled the aisle to the kitchen, staff was rushing back and forth every other minute. That was distracting...but they never let my water glass go empty. Personally, the 1-3 star yelpers for Chapeau give a more accurate account and perception. Everyone else might have been buzzed. *This place serves wine like no other...every table had wine and the staff is excellent at refilling if you purchased a bottle! Maybe that's what helped them through their dinner and rate the restaurant so high.We walked out of there $95 less (gratuity included).
We tried this place out cuz of the Dine About Town week but seemed like we veered off that plan but....we don't regret it at all! Just like fellow yelpers:AMBIANCE - "upscale but not stuffy," small but not overly closed in, clientele was EVERYBODY (all walks of life, young and/or old), felt like I was in a little town in Provence, France...very "frenchie" if there is such a word...heheheSERVICE - EXCELLENT! Despite the heavy french accent of the chef and our waiter, they made us feel right at home that it wasn't so awkward being there as compared to the french restaurants downtown SF. The chef came out once in a while to check up on everybody,occassionaly did the greet and meet his customers and quick chit chat...FOOD - Can I say...D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!!!LY delish...Fillet Mignon with the pan seared foie gras on top...YUMMY and appetizers of Meclun Salad...heavenly, and dessert...(there were 3 adults in our party and each of us had different desserts) ALL melted in our mouths..with bordeaux wine...EXCELLENT.PRICE - it can be pricey if you don't stick to the menu, pre-fixe and such but I think it's well worth the price. And even if you do their pre-fixe menu choices are not bad either. Besides, french food is never cheap...This is definitely a place to try out maybe not too often as you may go broke...but well worth it to go back for special occasions, family/friends visiting from out of town, or once in a while get-togethers and special treats...
I really love this place! The food was great, the service was excellent, and it was not pricey at all. On top of that, it doesn't serve you in teeny tiny portion.Although the place is small and where you sit might not be the most comfortable area, I have to say the food and the service will make you not care about that.
Chapeau! is our favorite French restaurant in the city, and we've been to a lot of them.
I give Chapeau 4 stars for the food and -3 stars for the service. We had a group of 4 with a reservation at 5:30 pm on Father's Day (which is considered a holiday so no prix fixe menu). Three of us ordered the 3 course meal. It took 2 hours and 45 minutes for them to serve us our dinner, and it would have taken longer if we hadn't gotten fed up after waiting 30 minutes for our dessert and asked for it to be "rushed" out. Our water glasses were also refilled very infrequently. I am a very slow drinker of anything, so it is rare for me to be shaking the last few drops of water out of my glass. I understand that the restaurant was filled to capacity, but given that most people make reservations, they should have been properly staffed.I suppose if you are looking for a true French eating experience that takes an entire evening, then go right ahead and make your reservation for Chapeau. Or just don't make any after-dinner plans like we did.
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary with a wonderful dinner at Chapeau! We went with the 3-course prix fix, having the mesclun salad, filet, and both the creme brulee and profiteroles. The service was wonderful. They gave us tastings of the wines we ordered by the glass. I was unhappy with mine and, with no annoyance, the waiter quickly brought me the wine list again, and suggested a much better wine.The filet was a perfect cut of meat, though the chef's idea of medium and medium rare is much rarer than mine. I suggest you order one step more done than you regularly do. The salad was a little sweet, needing some acid to balance it out.The creme brulee was perfection. No gimmicky fruity flavors, which chefs often use to hide the low quality of their vanilla. This was perfectly creamy, with the right amount of candied sugar.We left full, happy, and wanting to come back again.
Chapeau was the perfect choice to have an intimate dinner for two. The food was excellent, the staff knowledgable, and the ambiance was great. We chose the 3 course prix fixe menu for $38. For foie gras, I had to add $6 but I totally didn't mind. It was rich and delicious, but I only wish there was more toast. The bf got the creamy corn soup with dungeness crab and it was flavorful and really creamy. He didn't enjoy it as much as me because he thought it was too rich. Plus, they served complimentary cauliflower soup and I really wish I could have chosen the soup as my appetizer.For the entree, I got the Bacon Wrapped Natural Pork Tenderloin with Potato Puree and Spinach. The meal is as good as it sounds! The accompanying sauce was delicious and I ate every last bite of my dish even though I was stuffed. The bf got the Lamb Shank with Eggplant Couscous. He liked the lamb but didn't enjoy the eggplant couscous bc it was a bit too tangy with him. I agree, it didn't have such a pleasant taste.For dessert, the bf ordered the warm chocolate cake (takes 20 mins. to prepare) and with one bite, you could taste how moist, fluffy, and hot it was! Proceed with caution. I chose the Grand Mere Tart ... an apple custard tart with hazelnut ice cream on the side. I liked the ice cream more. One star off because I don't like how close together the tables are. I don't like listening to other's conversations and vice versa. Plus, they put some cushions on the wooden seats and rather than providing comfort, it was a nuisance. My ass was sitting on the crack of two pillows. Not cool.
My favorite French restaurant!That's a bold statement. You gotta respect a restaurant that still serve seared foie gras in liberal San Francisco. The price is reasonable and the menu easy to order from. You can swap and switch appetizers and entrees for the pre-fixed menu. YOU get to eat what YOU want, not the chef's decision (no disrespect).Only downside is the crowded quarters. You get to indulge in eavesdropping and peep out other people's meals. The friendly staff more than makes up for their sole flaw.
My wife and I visited some friends in the City after work and we decided on Chapeau! based on the yelp rating. We were definitely impressed by the quality of the food and the service. We were lucky enough to have the prix fixed dinner. I chose the soup of the day which was a corn puree with crabmeat, moules frites, and the french toast with ice cream for dessert. Really delicious. I would only recommend that for their broth that the could add some cream in to make it the way that I'm used to. My wife had the escargot, the Cassoulet de Toulouse, and the creme brulet. Very delicious. Even though we were in deep conversation with our friends, the chef came by to talk to us about how things were. Very cool. Would definitely recommend and plan on returning soon.
Chapeau doesn't look like much from the street, but don't be fooled. This is some of the best french food in the city, at bargain prices. Not as good as La Folie, but not far off (and quite a bit cheaper). I ate there with my folks 3 months ago for my birthday, so my memory of the dishes I ate is not precise. But I do know that I had a duck breast that melted in my mouth and an unbelievable chocolate fondant for dessert. The service was attentive and unpretentious. Don't expect the orchestrated ballet of Michael Mina or Gary Danko -- Chapeau is far too informal for that. Chef Phillipe Gardelle makes a point to introduce himself to every table; charming and gracious, he makes you feel at home (he kissed my mom on both cheeks as we were leaving, which always delights her, as she is one of the biggest Francophiles you will ever meet). This was the first what will surely be many visits.
Noise level: 3/5 Small, with bistro- like feel to it.The charming and friendly owner chef is the restaurant's main attraction. Expect to be hugged and/or exchange furious handshakes with him. Though service was good, food was just ok, nothing to rave about. I am not a fan of heavy sauces hence the reticence. You leave the place uncomfortably full and bloated. 3 course menu for $28 is a good deal, I haven't seen a french restaurant of similar grade that can beat that price, if you like rich, heavy sauces.
OK, let me start at the beginning, and confess that I've been coming to Chapeau! and have known Philippe and Elaine Gardelle since their son would appear in the restaurant wearing a cowboy shirt, a two-gallon hat (he was little) and a pair of toy six-guns wrapped around his waist . . . (boy, is he going to be embarassed if he ever reads this!) . . . Philippe and Elaine have seen me through two different jobs, a couple of girlfriends (before my wife -- shhhhh!), a couple of knee operations, my marriage*, and who know what else since they have opened.Since they have opened, I have probably dined there some three -- maybe even four -- DOZEN times, and I can honestly say I have NEVER had anything less than an excellent meal there. And since I moved out of The City and into Berkeley, we still drive over the bridge and into the Richmond to have dinner there on a "regular-but-not-as-often-as-we'd-like" basis.Our kids love it. Our friends love it. I've been there with everything from a party of two to a party of 16 (OK, that WAS a bit tight), and worn everything from blue jeans and a nice sweater to a suit-and-tie. I've always felt comfortable, as if I were dining in Philippe & Elaine's home, and every meal has been memorable.Every city has its "big name" restaurants -- places like Gary Danko's or Chez Panisse -- Chapeau! is not a Michelin three-star type restaurant. But it gets five stars here because, in its category, there is no better choice than Chapeau! As others have noted already, the prix fixe menu is the way to go. The cassoulet is excellent, the French onion soup awesome, every item on the menu is delicious -- the meals here are the only ones I've had in California that remind me of dining in France -- solid, excellent, reliable "comfort" food with that extra je ne c'est quoi that speaks to me of REAL French cuisine, and not "Fancy French Food."* Lynn & I were actually going to have our wedding party dinner there, but when the wedding itself balooned from 50 to 120+ people, we outgrew Chapeau! and had to hire a caterer.
Eating here is like eating at someone's home. That may be a bit of an overstatement, but if you can put aside the fancy accoutrements and the fact that there are servers ... there is something wonderfully intimate, warm and special.When I went for my birthday last year, the highlight of my meal was the bone marrow. It came as part of the prime rib special for two, and the whole course was sumptuous. The meat was cooked beautifully, and the bone marrow was quite simply perfection. Strongly recommend!
Overall, I found this to be a quaint dining experience. The service was especially attentive and warm, understated decor, and pleasant Parisian styled atmosphere. A table was ready according to our group's reservation time and we were seated quickly.I was disappointed, however, in a few things. The seating was not optimal; the place was rather small and we were placed at a table at the window front. The constant in and out of other restaurant goers was a bit distracting from my dining experience and took away from the atmosphere. Additionally, the menu was, in my opinion, overpriced and limited in kosher options. Simple dishes, but not particularly engaging of my palate.While the experience was notable, there are other options in SF.
Came here for a birthday dinner. The place is already gettting tons of amazing reviews. I'll just add to that and confirm that it's worth coming here. Good food and good value! I would suggest coming here early so you can grab a cocktail to start things right...
I live in the neighborhood and would LOVE to love this place, but in fact I really dislike it for several reasons.The "early bird special" costs $40 pp, and with "add ons" to several menu items it is hardly a bargain. You choke when you get the bill, as it is indechiperable and seems far to expensive. The food is not bad. That's the best I can say about the cuisine. Most dishes fall flat. Nothing is exciting.My biggest complaint about the place is the "personality" which I will kindly call "split." There is no vision. Is it a class act french restaurant, with superb service and food? No! Like the food, the service is adequate at best. The staff lacks coherence. Everyone is trying too hard, yet not succeeding.Is it a comfortable neighborhood joint, with affordable pricing and signature dishes? No! It's trying to be a fancy place, but it doesn't make the grade.And the owner/chef, who works the room by offering his limp handshake, and fawning over and kissing all his female customers, is a major turn off! His efforts would be better served in the kitchen, improving the food. I don't want to be forced to kiss the chef when I go out to dinner. Do you?OK, this is a harsh reveiw, but everything about this place just rubs me the wrong way.
This place is quaint, cozy, elegant and DELICIOUS! If you have reservations before 6pm you get delicious food at the early bird prices!!! We love everything - so try anything to your heart's content, you will not be disappointed.appetizers: Mesclun Saladentrees: Prince Edward Island Mussels (YUM!!!) and Cassoulet de Toulouse (YUMMM!)dessert: Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brule, Almond Tuile and Basil Napoleon (I'm a dessert person and these were EXCELLENT choices)We will probably try the filet next time....Reservations strongly recommended and parking,if you come early is easy to find.
We would rate it a 3 1/2.I'm not a big reviewer on Yelp. I should write more often though, since I have visitors coming from out of town almost every other month. Therefore, we've been trying many different restaurants here in SF.We went to Chapeau! yesterday. My French Canadian visitors wanted to try out a "real" french bistro in the city. Overall, we had a good experience. Except for the fact that our first 4 wine picks from the "Carte" were missing and that the oysters weren't fresh :( Please remove the out-of-season oysters from your menu.On the plus side, we LOVED the black cod and the escargots appetizer but not really the desserts. Not authentic.You can certainly also pass on the goat cheese asparagus. Too much cheese.
After coming here last Saturday, our (the lady's and my) impression of Chapeau! wasn't too great initially, but that was due to bad luck I suppose. Either that or the waiter was being hasty. The restaurant was pretty crowded too, with little room between our table and the two tables next to us. In any case, the waiter spilled two glasses of water and the vase of flowers on our table while he was setting up, all in the span of 5-7 minutes. Pretty ridiculous to be able to manage that.Chef Philippe, however, made the night a very pleasant one. His amicable personality just makes you feel right at home! In any case, we were still full from our meal earlier in the day and unfortunately didn't feel hungry enough to eat as much as we would've liked, so we ordered the Fourme d'Ambert Tart appetizer to share, a Cassoulet de Toulouse for her and Maple Leaf Seared Duck for myself.The tart was a great start to our dinner, featuring pears and frisee salad, which I believe had bleu cheese in it, and fairly light. It was pretty big, even for the two of us to share, so it might be more filling for an individual having one for him/herself. However, appetizers aren't the entre, so obviously they shouldn't fill you up! The cassoulet de toulouse had a fairly large portion size and is served in a casserole pot. It has lamb, duck, and pork sausages in there which all added up to an exquisite blend of juicy meat. Highly recommended. The duck I had ordered, on the other hand, was pretty lacking. I think it was something like 8-10 small slices of duck, cooked to your liking (I had no idea you could eat duck medium rare! Shows how little I know). Aside from the duck, theres some peeled grapes and pears on the side, but not much else. Again, I repeat: pretty lacking. But the quality of food, as expected, was excellent.Although our experience wasn't poor, it wasn't excellent either. Unfortunately, we weren't able to try the many dishes that Chapeau! has to offer, but someday maybe we will. And.. Chef Philippe's hospitality sure does make you want to come back again! He gave a cheek kiss goodbye to my girlfriend. I was sad. Maybe next time Chef Philippe will kiss my cheek.Sidenote: Their BREAD is DELICIOUS!
This restaurant is extremely memorable. The wait staff have got it down -- they work together and deliver amazing food well.Staff and environment:- Hostess is welcoming and friendly.- The chef initially meets and greets before being sat, (he also checks up during your meal).- The main waiter is professional, knowledgeable about the food and wine, and has a pleasant, cheerful demeanor.- The waiter that brings the bread, clears the table, provides the next food item and refills is quick and attentive. Overall, the food received is timely in a packed restaurant with no tables nor seats to spare.The food:- Salade Landaisse and tiger prawn appetizers were tasty and filling -- a meal on their own.- Both the medium rare salmon and medium well salmon are exquisite. Soft, moist, flakes well, and flavorful.- Profiteroles and warm chocolate cake were delightful. The warm chocolate cake especially -- moist, chocolatey -- with fudge oozing out lava style and sliced bananas as a center surprise. Rum-raisin ice-cream paired nicely (sweet with a rum bite). This restaurant manages to meet my ridiculous standards and expectations! I would love to see more restaurants like this one. :)
It was birthday and I picked Chapeau. It's in our neighborhood and I wanted to see what all the hype was about. I got the standards, French Onion Soup, and Cassoulet. It was nice for a cold night. What I really enjoyed was the palate cleanser - I tried the apple (yummy) and hubby tried the lemon ginger (refreshing). The tasting fish was also really good. It was a prawn with octopus. The octopus was stuff with some kind of rice in a pepper. Man was that good! And of course dessert! Hubby had the chocolate cake (it's like a molten cake with yummy melted goodness inside) and I got the apple tart. Both were delicious.I like that the place is casual. It was a Sunday night and most people were in jeans. I dressed up because it was birthday and me and my dress were a little too dressy. The service was attentive and we will go back for the $25 early bird. $25 for a 3-course meal! If I can wear jeans and get a meal at Chapeau for $25 I'm there. We had no problem getting in for our 6 p.m. reservation. This may be our go to place for Sunday night dinner.
Dinner here for the first time on a Sunday night. It's a very small place in quieter part of the richmond. I had looked at the menu online a day or two before I showed up and was pretty sold on the Cassoulet de Toulouse (Duck and Lamb) but once there I was also eyeing the Duck and Polenta. One thing I was sure about was that I wanted to try the white and red Bordeaux. While tossing the white around I decided on the menu 1 3 course mean. started with the Goat Cheese and Asparagus appetizer, finally decided on the Cassoulet and the warm chocolate cake for dessert. Unfortunately I don't remember the exact name of the Red Bordeaux that we ordered but it was quite good. I do remember when reading the menu that it was one of the cheaper priced.All in all the meal was great. I have no complaints other than the location is a bit out of the way and there was no place for us to wait while our table was being prepared. I suggest you come just before your reservation time otherwise you'll be outside and there's really nothing else in the area, at least not an night.
Creative delightful food with unpretentious service. Such a nice Richmond jewel. I had a veggie stack here; just on an odd kick for light dining that night. It was layers of grains and veggies; flavorful with a great nutty sauce that had a hint of maple. Nice desserts too.
Philippe is a culinary genius and artist!!!Last night we were delighted from the time we sipped the first tasting of a brilliant Wine till the final surrender of the last tidbit of lemon tart over our satiated lips.The dishes just kept flowing with one more exhilarating than the next.The Prawns in little tiny woven baskets in the most divine sauce (pale green and something to swoon over) a pesto risotto over lobster bisque, yes and another of those tantalizing prawns sits atop this masterpiece, next Warm Brie on Potato & Leek Darphin, Mizuna & Walnuts in a Red Wine Reduction, this is a symphony of delightfor your senses, the warm meets the crispy and the tang of the reduction sauce- magnific ! Mussel soup to die for in this delicate cream supreme and to finish this inspired food porn the Lemon tart and the Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnutsin a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue. The worst part of the evening was driving home in a coma. :)Philippe's warm personality and gregarious laugh endear the heart to this homey french bistro.Bravo Philippe!
I've been there twice now and I am generally impressed. Not quite 5 star impressed but I like it.We tried the Prince Edward Island mussels, Atlantic salmon and the rock cod. So I guess it was an all-seafood extravaganza! I like seafood so that works.The mussels came with pomme frites. (That's French fries) for the uninitiated. Skinny French fries, very French. So I guess it comes as no surprise that Chapeau! is a French restaurant.Anyways, very delicious. All of the fish was fresh and very good. Maybe next time I'll try something non-seafood but so far, it gets a 4-star. If I could, it would be a 4 and a half.And BTW, Chapeau! means "Hat!" Your check comes in a hat. Neato.
Haven't been here for a while, nothing much changed same good food !!BUT this "killer" new blueberry mousses dessert with pastry shell....oh, to die for!!!
We have been living in the city now for about 2 months and we LOVE to eat out. I mean, that's just what we do. We don't do it for the laziness of not wanting to cook at home...but more for the enjoyment of the entire dining experience. Unfortunately, every experience we have had has been sub par...just okay..or worse. Until now...Chapeau is now my absolute favorite restaurant. The entire dining experience was just that...an experience..We exited the taxi to find a drab street with a lot of sad buildings. The sign for the restaurant was a bit unbecoming..."Chapeau" scribbled in what looked like pencil on a white piece of paper and taped the front window. There was no peeking inside to see if we should run after the taxi and escape before anyone saw...the blinds were shut, and instead of a door...there was an enormous black velvet curtain for our entrance. Oh boy. We took a deep breath, opened the curtain and walked only two steps inside...what we saw was, well, weird. There we were, standing in the middle of the dining room. I had read this in other reviews but honestly thought they were exaggerating (sorry fellow yelpers, I shall never doubt you again!). The room was packed! Gussied up servers dashing around with plates of food, bottles of champagne, and desserts that made my mouth water...Tables were intimately close to the next and draped in white with simple and elegant dinnerware. The crowd was alive with conversation and laughter...a smile, I think, on everyone's face.. no pretentiousness detected here. The decor reminded me of the south...dried flower arrangements hanging on the peach painted walls. And the smell made my stomach turn suddenly with immense hunger..There was no hostess stand...no hostess to be found...All of this on a beautiful August Tuesday night...We were seated right away, although we were nearly a half an hour early for our 8:30 reservation (the only one left 2 days in advance - message here is to be sure to make a ressie). We were seated so closely to the couple next to us we could hear everything they were saying...she was a flight attendant, he was her passenger...she said she looked like lucy lu (hahaha..more like margaret cho), he told her that Cheesy was Mandarin for Crazy (dork). I digress...The menu.Oh the wonderful menu!!! I had the foie gras seared and served on brioche with peach syrup. OH MY GOD. amazing. He had the Goat Cheese Napoleon...polenta, tomatoes, goat cheese with pine nuts and zucchini...went deliciously with our glass of champagne. We chose to have palette cleansers...ya, that's right...for 4 dollars a piece you can choose from lemon ginger sorbet sitting in a citrus vodka served in a sugar rimmed martini glass, or the green apple version. We got one of each. So refreshing. We both chose the Fillet. Holy Cow. Seriously...must have been sent from heaven...I didn't even need a knife...no kidding. so delicate, soft, velvety. Get it. To finish things off, we had the cheese plate to go with our bottle of red we brought ourselves..while we waited for the chocolate molten cake. (I told you, we know how to eat). The bill came in a hat and I didn't gasp at the total for a change...Okay. Here is the moment I had been waiting for. I had read in previous reviews that the chef would chase you down the street to kiss your cheek but thought he only did that for those special pple, you know? We snuck out...no chef in sight. We stood outside for a minute, contemplating on the best place to catch a taxi...and started to walk...hmm. no chef. Was he mad because we brought our own bottle of wine...ALAS! he came running out of the restaurant, met us in the middle of the street, with no concern for his safety..kissed my cheeks and asked how everything was! I couldn't believe it! What an awesome thing to do. Smart, wonderful Chef from Chapeau...I love you...as only a girl who loves food and attention could. You kissed my boyfriend too! How cute.Summary: Make ressies.Don't worry about the money..it's not expensive, really.You can bring your own bottle of wine for an $18 corking fee, but really, the wine list is a novel.Leave your intimacy problems at home.You can wear whatever...the guy a couple of tables down was wearing sweats...no body minded....I cannot wait to go back.
Had a very nice meal here with my sister the other day.There a full bar with a few seats on one side and a small dining room on the other side. The tables are very close together. So, it's difficult to have a private conversation unless the table next to you is empty, which it was for part of the time we were there. Service is very attentive and responsive to requests. My sister and I were sharing cocktails when they started the food service. I asked the waiter to wait until we finished our cocktails before starting the meal and they complied w/o complaint.They offer a very reasonable $28 3-course "early bird special'(530-6pm) and a couple of do-it-yourself 3-4 course prix fixe offerings. The menu is not that extensive, so the early bird is really the better deal. The meal started w/an amuse buse -- a califlower soup. My sister and I chose different early bird specials, but shared a very nice faux gras appetizer to statt, which wasn't cheap at $18, but was a very nicely cooked piece of natual foie gras served on a bed of something (not sure what) along w/sliced apples and a maple syrup type sauce. Very original. For the early bird, I had the escargot appetizer (prepared traditionally w/garlic, parlsey & butter sauce) and 2 small roasted chickens. My sister had a mesclun salad and musssels for the entre. We both ate the Basil Napolean for desert - a mixture of finely minced fruit (Maui Pineapple, Manilla Mango, Banana, Kiwi & Strawberries) with a champagne/cream sauce. Everything was very well prepared and we topped if off w/a bottle of Patz & Hall pinot which was also very good. I was not familiar w/most of the California and French wines offered. We tired a sip of the by-the-glass pinot with the thought of buying a bottle for $40, but it was underwhelming. So, chose the Patz & Hall, which was the only wine I was familiar w/for $70 instead. It was a good choice. We had a very long conversation over dinner and wine and were not rushed out, which made sense since there were many empty tables after around 7pm. However, people seem attracted by the "early bird special" because the place was unusually busy the first hour or so (we arrived at 530) while we were there. So, if you're planning to take advantage of the "early bird" special, you should plan to actually get there early. My sister and I enjoyed ourselves and I definitely plan to go back soon.
I learned a very important lesson while I had my first meal at Chapeau the other night: "NEVER go there on a first date"I say this not because the food was bad - it was very very good, and I'm looking forward to my next visit. I say this because for whatever reason, there were about 3 first dates gone awry, while I was there. Okay, well, I didn't know if they were in fact first dates, but they were certainly a bit awkward in general, and almost certainly in an early stage of the craigslist wooing ritual.case 1: the "couple" next to me was finishing up their dessert when I sat down. I didn't put my energy into listening to their conversation, but at some point in time, the girl shook the guy's hand... over the middle of the table, and said something like, "thanks, but no thanks", followed by a somewhat bewildered "whoa, I just paid for a 140-dollar dinner and i don't even get a hug?"-look on his face. So that makes me think that it was a first date gone awry... but seriously, who does that? If you don't like the guy, at the very least, do your awkward thanking outside, and if you have to give up a hug... T.S.btw, the chocolate cake the girl was having looked PHENomenal.case 2: another couple, this time behind and to the left of me. The guy goes to the bathroom, and as he returns, slyly rubs his date's shoulder as he's sitting down. My dinner companion reported that she more or less looked like she was about to throw up. Again, I doubt it was due to the food. In fact, it would have been a real shame for whatever they were eating to have been regurgitated... However, it seemed like a bit of a awkward first date move, but I missed them as they were walking out of the restaurant, so that one is a little bit more in the air.I think the point I'm trying to make is sort of like that Clearasil commercial that they have during episodes of blind date or cheaters or other mid-day/late-night trashy TV shows.... the one that says Clearasil gives you confidence. I think Chapeau gives you confidence. The food is really good and just looks damn nice. It's got a really romantic feel, though it's a little too noisy at times, but that might have been cause my table was next to the wall, and therefore catching a lot of reflected sounds. But if you're going on a first date, and you want to impress a gal, it seems like an obvious choice to bring her to a nice place like Chapeau. I know I certainly would have... until the other night.Now I know, and knowing is half the battle.
FABulous!!! This has been on my list of must-trys for a VERY long time. I came here the friday after vday with P and I absolutely adored this place! However, I must say, I didn't get any kisses goodbye or any chases from the owner. Made me a bit sad. =( I wasn't even sure who the owner was? Maybe they forgot about us or we slipped out rather quietly? But all in all, it was just FABULOUS. I believe this is my fav restaurant to date!Note: the place is super small and you can hear your neighborss conversations BUT TRUST ME, the food makes up for it. I am STILL dreaming about the sweetbread dish and the molten lava chocolate cake dessert. MMmmmmmmm...... and my lamb leg? IT WAS HUGE. I swear it was as big as my head. It was still steaming hot when they brought it out. Love LOVE it!!!I heart Chapeau!!
Chapeau! is in the most unlikely neighborhood; it's at 15th Ave. and California in the Richmond District, and easy to miss because its front is small and looks just like any other house on its block. If you peek in the windows when the restaurant is closed, it looks like just a small cute place, not that exciting. Eating there is a whole different story! My boyfriend and I went there for his birthday; it was a weekday and we went early (6:30 pm). We ordered the prix fixe four-course dinner (it was prix fixe but a small additional amount if you chose a filet mignon). First they served bread, which was crusty outside and warm inside; super good. There was a tiny cup of a very rich cream of cauliflower soup first. I don't like cauliflower generally, but the soup was delicious! It was so delicious that I can't even say "I don't like cauliflower" anymore. Our second course was a perfect large scallop atop a rich, creamy lobster risotto. It was incredible. At some point there was a palate cleansing sorbet; we had a choice of two, and we both chose a lemon-ginger-vodka one. The other option was also a citrus-type thing.My boyfriend had sea bass, which had whipped potatoes underneath, and I had the filet mignon, which I asked for medium-well. The server, who was extremely nice, didn't snub me for it. It came out a little more on the well done side, which I think a lot of restaurants do for people who ask for medium well because they figure you're hardly going to complain that it's TOO well-done if you ordered medium-well in the first place. Even well-done, the steak was tender and delicious and pretty amazing. For dessert we had a fantastic creme brulee, and a warm chocolate cake which oozed hot chocolately filling when we broke the little cake with a fork. It came with rum raisin ice cream. The warm chocolate cake could probably bring some people to tears, it's that good. The service is very nice; the courses are very nicely timed, the place is pretty (decorated with some frilly hats, and your check is brought to you in a hat), but very small, and the tables are super close together. As night wears on, they dim the lights more and more inside, which is nice. As people drink, it gets pretty loud, and there was no music, at least on the night we went. When we got our bill, the server put the hat with the bill on the table, rather than shoving it at the man, like a lot of places do, which was nice. The clients were what you'd expect; older people early on, with younger people arriving later.
I went to Chapeau! with a small group of friends for a birthday. We all got the $27 early bird price fix menu and each of us tried something different. Everyone's dishes were incredible! The Chef, Philippe, walked around and greeted diners. Our waiter was attentive and recommended an excellent bottle of wine. The desserts were also amazing!I am a pretty plain Jane sorta girl, and can't usually "dig in" to French fare, but everything was enjoyable for the sophisticated or unsophisticated diner! I loved every bite!
Between mispronouncing words and being dumbfounded by wine lists, I am pretty humbled by fancy restaurants, so the relaxed atmosphere of Chapeau really saved the day.True that tables are close together and it's high on noise level, but Chapeau's personable service makes up for it. On top of getting courses of great food for a pre-vday vday dinner, another great thing about this place is that they offer half glasses of wine for rookies like me or for those who like to taste but not commit--plus that way your white wines stay cold!
Fine french cuisine dining in a bistro with a romantic feel and setting. Make reservations as this place is busy. I made reservations for 2 at 8:15pm for my bf and I and there were a lot of ppl coming and coming til 9:30pm. If this is your first time here, I recommend ordering from their prix-fixed menu. Three course meal is $38, while the four course meal is $46. You would think that the prix-fixed menu portions are smaller than the entree size, but they were the same. The portions were plenty; my bf and I left the restaurant full and satisfied.Appetizer: Deep Fried Black Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo DoughTomato & Onion Marmelade/ Petits Legumes/ Herbed Aioli Entree: Cassoulet de Toulouse - Canellini Beans/ Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder/Duck Leg Confit/ Garlic & Toulouse Sausage. The lamb shoulder did NOT taste like lamb. It tasted more like duck. The lamb shoulder meat was extremely tender and the skin was cooked to a perfect crisp. The white beans were an overload and a little heavy.Dessert: Creme Brulee (big portion of it).This place is a definite must try. The service was great. The chef welcomes his guest by shaking their hands and a kiss on each cheek from the chef to end the night (for the ladies).
Came here for our first anniversary celebration. We'll probably have to wait another year to come back because we're poor college students.Food: My boyfriend praised the complimentary fish with potato salad on a spoon, he said he didn't want to swallow it because it tasted so damn good. I don't eat shellfish, so I decided to stay away from seafood in general. I'm like an opposite pescetarian. The waiter asked me why I didn't eat it and I told him, he was very nice and got me a slice of baguette with tomato sauce on it, which was wonderful. On to appetizers, I had the onion soup. It was alright, I guess since I love my mother's onion soup, it's hard to match it. I found it was a bit dull, it had no bang to the initial mouthful. Then my entree was the Cassoulet de Toulouse, it was nice, very filling. The lamb was cooked perfectly. It was still moist and kept it's flavor. But I enjoyed my boyfriend's filet mignon much more, he had it with the Sauce  la Prigourdine, and it was just indescribably good. Then for dessert I had the Banana Panna Cotta/ Strawberry Salad/ Shortbread. I think that the shortbread could of been either smaller or thinner. This reminded me of strawberry shortcake. It was wonderful none the less. I could taste the strawberry more than the banana panna cotta. Just reviewing it now, reminded me it was banana rather than strawberry panna cotta. Atmosphere: My boyfriend and I came in semiformal. Sadly there was no dress code, yes, I wished there were a loose dress code. It boosts the atmosphere. Since this seems like a very nice place. There were people coming in, in sweats and t shirts. It was very cramped in the restaurant. You would imagine a place would have quiet conversations where everyone seems to be whispering. But not this place, everyone is so close it turns into a loud hum, just below a Chinese restaurant.Service: The waiter was very nice and very personable. He had quite a thick French accent so when he was telling us the specials it was sort of hard to hear. No problems though, he was nice enough to tell us what we miss with out being irked about it. He also offered to take my coat to the coat room and at the end he held it out for me to put it back on. I'm not use to this service so I felt very awkward. He was really good with recommendations. The chef also came out and greeted everyone, shook everyone's hand and initiated conversations. He reminded me of the chef in a queen latifah movie...Last Holiday. At the end of the meal my boyfriend and I stepped out the door and the chef came out just to say goodbye to us. He shook my hand, kissed each of my cheek then shook my boyfriends hand and said hope to see you soon! For sure it's a place I would like to go back to, just when I have a bit more money.
Well, I can't rate the food, because I didn't stay long enough to try it. After living a few blocks away for a couple of years, my wife and I decided to try this place. We usually don't bother because we know it's always booked and we rarely plan ahead, but yesterday we were hungry for an early dinner so figured we could get a table, plus there's an early bird menu until 6pm. I called to confirm a table, and the guy said, "no problem, just get here before 6pm if you want the early-bird menu." Long story short, I arrived at 5:55pm and sat down at my table. They brought over a menu at 6:03pm and told me that I was too late for the early bird menu. I began explaining to the waiter that I had arrived before 6pm, but he laughed and walked off to another table while I was talking to him. On our way out the door, another waiter offered to resolve the issue by giving us the early-bird menu, but I'd had enough. It wasn't the pricing that annoyed me, it was the attitude. Plus they pack you in like sardines in that place.We left and had an absolutely wonderful dinner at The Richmond on Balboa.
Overrated. But because Yelp (I think) takes an aggregate of all votes since the beginning of time, the more recent votes (where I think service has changed), may not hold more weight..+4 stars for most of the food. We were served a little free appetizer at the beginning that was tasty but...really could have been a Nancy's quiche or frozen mini-pastry from Trader Joe's-1 - Terrible atmosphere; we were crammed in elbow to elbow with our own party of 3, and then with other parties next to us and behind us and in front of us. -1 - Nice service but still they are really there to make a buck. We were "offered" champagne at the beginning, and were foolish to believe that it could have been complimentary. Nope, that was added to the bill too. Getting upsold at French Laundry is one thing when they pull the "would you like some champagne" bit on you, but when we plopped next to each other in a sardine can? No thank you.
This was a good, yet expensive, experience. Everything was absolutely great. The food, the wine, the service.They were extremely accommodating for my group. We were eight people and two of us were to show up slightly late (a surprise organized thing). The people at Chapeau! were not irked or put off by the fact that a couple of us were 10-15 minutes late. The chef, a story all to his own, came out and shook hands with everyone who first got there and then came back when the other two showed up to shake their hands. A spectacular experience. All in all, it lasted 3 hours. I couldn't ask for a better night. Though do remember and take in account that it is quite the expensive little place.
Eek! You know it's bad when your favorite dish- or non-dish was the amuse bouche. I really wanted to like this place. I read all the good reviews on Yelp, Zagat, and Michelin Guide.. I just don't get it. It wasn't crowded, reservations wasn't hard to get, I didn't hate the decor/ambiance but i did not like the food. Don't get me wrong, I love traditional French food and that's what I came here for. French Onion Soup- Good but not the best I've hadBouillabaisse - made me sick... it tasted fine when I was there but I'm guessing it was this that made me sickCassoulet- eh, thought it would be better.... I felt so wish-washy about the food. Nothing exceptional yet nothing that was repulsive... until I got home. The chef did come out to do his schmoozing but I was in no mood to talk. I didn't like the food, I won't be coming back and no, I don't want to talk to you. My date and I tried to make a clear run for it but he chased us down to give his famous "kiss kiss" good bye. Thanks for trying but I even that won't make me come back here.... Coulda just save the drive and gone to Rue Saint Jacques instead...
Great meal for great value! It was my 2nd time at Chapeau!, and it is difficult to say anything negative for this place, really. Tonight, I had a salad landaise with duck confit and smoked duck( oh, the amuse bouche was smoked trout on potato salad. Tasty and cute.), then a fish tasting- seared scallop with tomato confit on a bed of pesto risotto on fish and lobster reduction, then I asked if I should get a casolet or rack of lamb. Our waiter Yannick (He was simply awesome!) asked, "are you very hungry?" so I gestured and said so-so. Then he recommended the lamb. As he was gathering up the menu, he asked if we wanted the palate cleansing sorbet with calvados before the main course, we hesitated a bit but said why not. He smiled and said "It's nice. You will thank me later." ---he was right. The sorbet was so nice that I asked it to be placed on a trio of sorbet plate for dessert in stead of one of the 3. But Yannick was sweet enough to get it added. I never like sorbet! But all 4 of them were so flavorful and refreshing--perfect before lamb, which was also superb... We also ordered tart grand-mere and banana panna cotta. The tart was sensational!! I cannot possibly write all about our dinner since I don't want the readers to keep on scrolling down endlessly, but believe me, the food and service here is excellent. This was Clementine before and while the food was great then, it was a little too formal for my liking to call it a neighborhood bistro, but now the new chapeau is just right--casual enough but not too laid back. Good, elegant, honest food! Love it!!
Wow, best restaurant we've been to in a long time. Everything was excellent and it was a real pleasure to meet the Executive Chef. We went with another couple and everyone ordered something different for the appetizers, entrees and desserts so we could all try something different. Two of us chose the 3-Course Menu, one chose the 4-Course Menu with the Tasting Fish, and one chose the 4-Course Menu with the Trou Normand (Green Apple Sorbet, which was very refreshing).We loved all the appetizers we ordered: foie gras (special of the day), Trio of Salmon (the lemon juice in the dish made it very refreshing), Traditional Escargot de Bourgogne, and Salade Landaise. The Salade Landaise had half a piece of foie gras on it, too even though it was not included on the list of ingredients!The Tasting Fish was the Scallop over Pesto Risotto with a lobster sauce. I'm allergic to shellfish and crustaceans, so I couldn't try it, but I was assured that it was absolutely delicious and that the scallop was cooked perfectly.Of the entrees we had (Bouillabaisse, Cassoulet de Toulouse, Lavender Honey & Dijon Glazed Petit Poussin, and the special of the day - Skate), the Skate was the best. I don't know what they put in the seasonings, but the skate was delicious, moist, and cooked and seasoned perfectly.Wow, the desserts were delicious! We had the Trio of Sorbet (a refreshing cranberry, lime, and passion fruit), Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle, and Basil Napoleon, Warm Chocolate Cake. The Basil Napoleon was a real surprise. It looked rather plain, but once you started digging in there were lots of different flavors that surprisingly went very well together. I absolutely recommend it. The Warm Chocolate Cake had a side of Rum-Raisin Ice Cream that was also yummy. I think I liked it more than the cake! LOL With the Trio of Sorbet, the cranberry kind of tasted like grape or raspberry, the lime kind of tasted like grapefruit, and the passion fruit tasted a bit like mango. We were only able to guess the flavor of the passion fruit correctly, but they all tasted wonderful!The service and the atmosphere were excellent. However, everything was very leisurely and we ended up spending 3 enjoyable hours here for dinner.
ALWAYS (and I mean always!!!) a total treat from the warm welcome to the polished service that NEVER grabs your plate away when your companion isn't done eating, to the exquisite cusine.......Chapeau is excellence and value in a fun neighborhood...definitely worth a visit!!!!!!
Great foods. A bit sweeter side compared to more authentic French dishes. Friendly server.
Does this place need another set of 5 stars?Well, I'm adding mine in anyway.
The food was absolutely delicious!! I can't say how much I REALLY enjoyed the food! So why the 4 stars vs 5 stars? The place is small and VERY noisy! The tables are crammed together and it was so loud I had a difficult time hearing the waiter telling me about the specials of the day and had to have him repeat himself.  It was difficult to hear my guest who was sitting across from me. As another Yelper said, it seemed they were a bit understaffed.Had the following:*Amuse busche: asparagus soup - tried to lick the cup... it's that good*Foie gras - grilled perfectly and served with balsamic reduction with Asian pear slices. Had a glass of sauterne which paired well*Scallop and risotto - scallop was cooked PERFECTLY!! This was another bowl licking good item.*Palate cleanser - light and refreshing.*Main course - lamb with eggplant and artichoke. This was my least favorite dish. The eggplant was too salty. The lamb was a little over cooked for medium rare - more like medium.*Friend's main course - pork tenderloin was ok. Loved the shaved brussel sprouts and mashed yams. *Dessert was a cream/custard/fruit with a light basil sauce. Light and refreshing. Loved it!!*Friend's dessert - profiteroles. Stuffed with ice cream and dark chocolate was poured all over it. *Cheese plate - it was good. Had better at GD'sThe majority of the wines were priced under $100 - VERY reasonable!!3 courses - 35$4 courses (incl a seafood dish) - $454 courses with palate cleanser - $49These prices are a total bargain. This has been added to one of my favorite places to eat at.
The selection was alright, the food quality was good. Neighborhood not that exciting. Parking was reasonable. Fun to try, but nothing outstaning enough that I would go back.
A whole group of us got the 3-course meal for $38 apiece. We received a complimentary starter of cauliflower soup with truffle flavor - very good, clean taste. For the appetizer, I got the Trio of Salmon (gravlax, tartar, caviar) - interesting, though too salty. For the price, was surprised that the smoked salmon was chewy vs. tender. For the entree, I got the day boat scallops in lobster sauce (daily special). Scallops were underdone so the interior was still cold - I'm sure this was on purpose, but would have preferred a higher degree of doneness; however, lobster sauce was good. For wine, we got a very good 2005 Pinot Grigio, Amethyst, Reserve, Los Carneros for $38.Dessert was shared among the entire group. Vanilla bean creme brulee was disappointing - cold in the interior like most places without even the saving grace of a crispy top. Basil Napoleon was an interesting combination, but the flavors didn't quite work together. Floating Island was a piece of art with a delicate weave of hardened sugar curving over the plate. At the end of the day, the real winner (surprisingly) was the very honest French Toast - not fancy, but just done well and seared to just the right degree of brownness.Overall assessment: If you're after combinations of ingredients that aim more for uniqueness than for taste, then this is your place. Besides the Cauliflower Soup and French Toast, everything else was just ... interesting ... a good thought experiment, but nothing I'd want to have again.Parking is terrible, so come early and be ready to circle.
This is a fantastic little french restaurant in the Richmond district. While a $12 cab ride one way from Union square, this place is well worth it. The scene is a very small wholesome restaurant with maybe 25 tables smashed together. I went at 9pm on a Thursday night and while I didn't have to wait for a table for just myself, the restaurant was packed with a 50yo+ crowd who seemed like they knew excellent food when they encountered it.My waiter instructed me in a wine from the SW corner of France known for its very strong bold flavor to go with my red meat filet that might I add I thought was better and more tender than the one I paid $55 for at the Delmonico in Vegas. While the service was almost less than a 5 star restaurant, I wasn't seriously concerned - it just seemed slightly understaffed - one guy handling 6-10 tables - it might get messy during busy times. All the busboys smiled at me everytime, almost if they had read the review below. In a city with as few quality dining areas that are well priced as SF this one is priced perfectly for great food.
What a great dining experience! We didn't have any reservations and it was around 8pm when we decided to try this place. I've heard reviews by yelpers comparing Clementine and this place. Wow! This place really stood out for me. Parking and location:We drove around and we said we couldnt find this place. You know why? It's so dark and indistinct that you barely notice it if you driving there. The windows are covered up and makes this place feel mysterious.  It's in a local neighborhood area. I walked in and immediately there was Chef Phillipe walking toward me and shook my hand asking me If I had reservations and that he will find me a table. I said great. Within 10 minutes, he settled us at a table to the side. The restaurant is small and cramped (your table is really close to other dining patrons). The hostess asks to take your coat and directs us to the table. According to the reviews that I have read, this is a home cooking bistro type of provencale French food. This restaurant was opened in 1996. Anyways, the menu is simple and tells you what CHAPEAU! means. I selected Menu 1 which is a prix fix of $40 I think. I got the Striped Seabass, Montecherve goat cheese (I read this was the most popular) - pinenuts, tomato confit, sage polenta, eggplant caviar, zucchini, bell pepper piperade, olive oil, balsamic vinegar. the presentation of this dish was amazing. We also got some oysters too.  yummy! The filet migon with mushrooms was so divine and tasty. It's mouth watering.  The dessert was an apple tarte with hazelnut ice cream. it was so good - not too sweet but amazing. i got a 1/2 glass wine pairing with my entree. Oh and I almost forgot the bread is good as well as the chef's amuse bouche of puree califlower soup.I wish they update the website more often because what is shown on Y! does not reflect the two week changing of the menu. As we finish with our dining experience, the Chef Phillipe literally ran out the door to say goodbye to us and kissed my cheeks!
I just don't have any complaints about this fabulous restaurant! But I have to say I was quite surprised because when I arrived to the place I thought it looked SO ghetto with a handwritten sign! It really looks run down outside. But don't be fooled!! I walked into the cutest little french restaurant in town! The decor is darling and the restaurant just gives off a cozy, small french bistro feel. It's a small restaurant, but the service was AMAZING. Servers were there for every little thing! I took just a sip of my water and off the servers ran to get me some more! And the food...INCREDIBLE! We all ordered the prix fixe menu and what a steal! Get there before 6pm and it's $25 for app, entree and dessert. And the plates are NOT small! We were stuffed to the brim!!! And yes, yes it is true - chef Philippe seriously RAN after us to give us kisses on the cheek.
Chapeau! has the charm of a cozy French cafe that can only be found in your neighborhood restaurant. Michael is precise and attentive, skilled with wine pairing, and understands the needs of the patrons that frequent this establishment. The proprietors, a Caucasian man, Philip, and Asian woman (a wonderfully married couple), know exactly how to make your night one to remember and keep returning for more every year. As you enter Philips graciously greets all of the guests that enter and for any female patrons, would give the classic European double cheek air-kiss.The dining room can seat about 40-45 comfortably and there was a good diverse cross section of patrons for the night at 8:30 PM. Caucasian and Asian adult patrons were mostly in attendance.Last Saturday, they had a splendid menu prepared. The evening started with a cauliflower amuse boush to wet the appetite for the foie gras appetizer paired with warm French bread. The richness of foie gras is not to be missed and my dinner companions thoroughly enjoyed their first time of having foie gras as well as French cuisine.A flavorful butternut squash puree filled your senses and it was a wonderful compliment to the chilly San Francisco air outside. The soft orange color of the puree was perfect as it reflected the light yellow walls of Chapau! The rabbit entre was accompanied by glazed carrots, drizzled with a tangy sauce, and it only had the slight hint of the rabbit meat. This is a perfect dish for adventurous eaters, but do not want to be overwhelmed by unfamiliar senses.Drinks for the night included still bottled water, chamomile tea, a magnificent orange soup with hazelnut praline and a hint of mint, and a 2000 vintage dessert wine that effervescent in your mouth leaving a dry and satisfying taste behind for you to relish the delights of the night. For an enjoyable Saturday evening and a $45-50 meal, Chapeau! should be your first French dinner destination.
This is the REAL DEAL if you are looking for great French food. I love the atmosphere, service and mood of this quaint little place. I first came on a recommendation from a friend from France. He loved it and sent me there. The food is awesome. Servers at friendly. A little on the pricey side, so I come here on special occations.
I love this place...I went to France recently and I'm from NY-you can't get a better comparison of Frenchy cuisine. I rate the quality, price and service here higher than Chez Panisse and Fleur de lys. Definitely one of the first restaurants I would visit every time I return to SF from my travels. I love their new location, as well!!! Much love here for Chapeau...I tip my hat to you. :)
one of fav restaurants.service was perfect. the owner/chef greets you at the door, and opens the door and shakes your hand as you leave. the servers are heavy with their french accents...so i didnt understand some things he was saying...but thats ok, i just nodded.ambience: very nice, romantic. flowers on the table. i sat by the window. the place is kinda small tho, so it felt a little cramped....food: WOW, delicious. they have a prix frie (spelling?) meal for $38 that includes an appetizer, entree, and desert. ill definitely try that next time. but this time, i opted to upgrade to the filet mignon meal. I chose a duck confit salad for the appetizer, and a lemon tart for desert. A+. the filet was buttery, and the diced potatoes were simply amazing. lemon tart was a great choice.....very lemony.i think the $38 special is only good between 5-6pm, not including fri-sat. its a steal for what youre getting. ill be back.
It's a two block walk for me to get there...but I haven't been back since some time last fall.The fiance hates French cuisine, and every other foodie-friend is raving about Gary Danko's (which I'm totally heading to for a celebratory 'graduation/passing NCLEX-RN/got-the-new-job' dinner after our Vegas extravaganza). That leaves me thinking about the tender pork loin with parsnips mousseline. I came with my fiance and another couple of friends. My friend ordered leg of rabbit on top of a bed of something with...LOL...baby carrots!?! The comped curry soup with the white truffle oil was pretty different, but it must have been good because I remember it, and we were all over the duck confit and foie gras.I totally forget what we had for dessert. But I'm totally on a mission to go back...with or without the fiance who complained about the filet mignon.
This was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The food was absolutely PERFECT -- I had the fourme d'ambert tart, salmon, and nuage de noix (Menu 1) and my boyfriend had the onion soup, ribs, and creme brulee (also Menu 1). They had a nice wine list, but we brought our own bottle and paid the corkage ($22). Overall, delicious, excellently-prepared food. Many other restaurants could take lessons on great service from Chapeau: they were exceptionally polite and helpful and really made this dining experience even better than I could've expected. I will absolutely be returning for special occasions in the future! Thanks Chapeau!
I tapped out on the rum raisin ice-cream. If I were a betting woman, I would bet those raisins have been soaking in rum for at least 4 days. They be potent lil' suckers.Our party of six did it right. In each couple, one person had the prix fixe and the other had a regular entree. This way everyone left feeling like they had a 3 course meal. Next time I am back, I will have:The squash soup The lamb shankThe desert is debatable... The chocolate cake was good but I definitely have had better.
The place looks closed and dark from the outside, we almost drove right by. That said, this place doesn't need a flashy store front...all the action is happening inside.Upon our entrance, the chef (Phillipe) welcomed me and made sure my table was set and ready. He also assisted with our wine choice and poured our tasting. We were well attended to all night. We did the three course menu. I chose the muscles as an app and scallops for dinner. Everything was bursting with flavor. I did the profiteroles for dessert...which was enough for two!I felt so welcomed, I can't image how well I would be treated if I actually lived in San Francisco and could hit this spot every week- which I would!
I've been meaning to write this review for months now, as my visit to Chapeau! was back in the beginning of May. One word: DIVINE. The best meal I've ever had in San Francisco, and that's saying something because I grew up in the Bay Area and have been dining in the city for many, many years. Of course, I've yet to visit Gary Danko, so when that day finally comes I might have to move Chapeau! to #2, but I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.I could do a play by play of my entire evening, but it would just reiterate what most everyone who has reviewed this places has said. So I'll just make a few important points:1) The nicest and most professional Chef/Owner I've ever come across. 2) Order the Goat Cheese starter, no joke! 3) Make reservations and if possible ask to be sat in one of the window tables... the restaurant is small and these tables are probably the only ones that don't make you feel like you're sitting on top of your neighboring dinners.Go to Chapeau! Great date spot, good for when Mom & Dad come to town, or a nice dinner to catch up with friends.
I finally dined at Chapeau after wanting to for a couple years. We went New Years Eve; 10:30 seating. I think the price was $125.00 each plus an additional $40.00 each for the wine pairing. May I say the food was superb and the wine perfectly match. Our five course meal started with a crab cake, more like a tiny crab ball but one must have crab during the New Year's holiday so I stopped laughing at it and bit into it. Delicious! Too bad it was only one bite. Next, a tiny scallop with a cauliflower mouse and caviar; I wanted more. The Foie Gras served with crushed berries and toasted brioche points was the best I've ever had; anywhere. Then came the lobster in a seafood broth and saffron oil drizzle. At this point I didn't know whether to smile or cry because the portion was just a bite. It was excellent! The main entree was veal wrapped in bacon but I asked for a different faire. Out came a beautiful Sea Bass with a pesto risotto that would make you want to slap your mama. I'm telling you the flavors were.....(fingers to mouth); I have no words. But I will definitely call ahead to order it soon. Lastly, dessert was a (and I hate to say this but..) soggy layered cookie atop a thin coffee flavored sauce. Did not like this one bit and not a good choice to close such a fabulous meal. I asked if we could get something else from the kitchen that would leave me satisfied. Our garon brought to us a wonderful warm molten cake with what tasted like date gelato; perfect with the port we were finishing. During the party/dinner Chef Philippe Gardelle would meet and greet his guests, take photos, share wine and just be the all around nice guy he appeared to be. At midnight we toasted the new year and was allowed to sit around until we felt like leaving. I think I've found my new favorite eatery only I hope the servings are larger when it is not a holiday.
This place is the epitome of EXCELLENCE! Service is sport awesome and the chef is even awesomer!!! Filter mignon all day all day! ALWAYS SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT! Close your eyes and pick one because they're all goooood!
Call me a cynic or may be I just had high expectations. But this place really fell flat. Today is our second anniversary eve and I did a lot of research and chose this place. I made reservations and went there. Now to start with, what was extremely disappointing was the fact that the place was extremely crowded and all the tables were put so close together that you have to try and nudge yourself in to the seat. There was absolutely no privacy and I felt even if I moved my hand a bit I was going to hit the person next to me. I swear I am not exaggerating. What should have been a seating place for 2 or maximum 3 tables actually had six tables. Owing to the crowd it was extremely noisy as well.Now for the food. We are vegetarians and we asked about the soup we were told that the stock was chicken. We were quite disappointed. But anyway we were here for a romantic evening. Since that was not going to happen we were having second thoughts about continuing to eat here. We decided to just have desserts first and go elsewhere to dine.We called our waiter and told him that we would like to go for desserts. For some reason the waiter didn't find this idea appealing. He was quite rude and took our orders. We ordered Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle and Basil Napoleon. The orders arrived and it was amusing to see that Basil Napolean was two or may be just one tablespoon of cut fruits with the topping from the Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme (This was the other dessert we ordered).Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme was ok. We expected it to be cold. That was probably what we missed in this. It tasted fine.Considering they couldn't get even the desserts right we thanked our stars that we decided against eating here.We headed straight to Dosa. The review about that will be separate.
I was truly excited to go to Chapeau! for the first time. I had pined over it for a couple of years since going to France and enjoying food there. And after trying Clementine, I wanted to try their "competition."Well, the meal was ok. Just ok. Nothing really special here. We got there just a few minutes before 6pm and we could order off of the early bird menu. Which was nice because basically, you get your dessert for free. And I really wanted dessert, too. mmm. Creme brulee. Sweet.We started our meal (our third anniversary dinner, mind you... thank you. thank you.) with a small appetizer of kabocha squash soup. It was magnificently tasty and my husband can not stand gourds, so for him to like this soup, well, it must be magnificent. Then we had yellow corn soup. This was very good but we would have preferred the squash soup in a serving this size instead of espresso size. For our main course I had a bowl of mussels (no, nothing else on the menu really appealed to me... but it was the early bird) and my husband had the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon. Doesn't that just sound yummy. Well, it was. But for some reason, hubby was not overly enthusiastic about it. I think the pile of mashed... yams?... with shredded ... cabbage?... threw him off. The mussels were just run of the mill. Nothing really outstanding.Our desserts were creme brulee (how did you guess?) and hubby had basil napoleon. That's fresh fruits with a basil sauce. That was surprisingly tasty. Creme brulee. YUM. Good thing I didn't have foie gras because I would have had to pass on the creme brulee (that's just too much heavy for one meal). The wait staff. Nope. Nothing really special here. Didn't make me feel special or like I was at d'Angleterre in Nice, France again. Now, for the shocking news. Love love love Clementine. When we received our bill there were business cards en le chapeau with Chapeau! on one side, Clementine on the other. OH NO. What's that about? Chapeau! bought Clementine. So sad. I will miss the old Clementine. Time to find a new French restaurant.
Absolutely one of my favorite spots in the city! The owner is charming, the ambiance is perfect, and the food is just fabulous. My family spends Christmas Eve dinner here every year and it is always amazing.
Chapeau is the height of French cuisine in San Francisco. I've been to La Folie and a few other's but Phillipe can throw down Roland any day in an Iron Chef off. Do you hear that silly Michilin people? One of the best dishes is the vol-au-vent filled with every mushroom in the bay area that would make any mycologist drool. Another dish that I heart is the duck salad. Phillipe is great at helping his guest pick the appropriate wine for their meal.
Good food, excellent service, Michael was our waiter, very helpful.
Its hard to come up with anything original as the 970th reviewer but what I can say is that the reviews speak for themselves. Chapeau is consistently a first class French restaurant and a must visit on anyone's culinary tour of San Francisco.
The food was "OK" in general. 3 stars at most. I found the dessert better than the rest of the courses.The tables are too closed together. Feel like you are eating with the party next to you.
4.5 StarsI can't wait to come back here! The food and service were simply excellent. We were seated promptly and asked for our cocktail order. Our cocktails came quickly and we were allowed to enjoy them for a while until our menus arrived. I really appreciated that we weren't rushed! The waiter gave us good guidance in our food/wine selections. Normally waiters won't say what they really think, but my husband was thinking of ordering one thing, and he was like, " No, you should really order this." (in a nice way, and I agreed, but I didn't want to be a shrew and tell the hubby what to order, so I was grateful for this!)I had the sweetbreads - and they were excellent. They were creamy in the center, succulent and not overcooked (I had my fair share of overdone sweetbreads in Argentina). The boy had the salmon trio. I looked at other people's appetizers and it seemed like the two we chose were some of the best on the menu.  The only other thing that looked appealing to me was the warm brie. Maybe I'll try that next time.Oh yeah - and can I say the bread? The. BREAD. was. amazing! The most wonderful thing EVER. A perfect crust that shattered in my mouth and a wonderful, indescribable flavor. This is what real French bread must taste like. I never knew. I think I would choose this place over Gary Danko... Still great food, easier to get a reservation, less expensive, and less risk involved (because if you order the wrong thing, you can always come back!) For the entree I had the skate and the hubs had the flounder. Both were very good. I think with this restaurant it's more interesting to stay with the less traditional items on the menu. The filet mignon, cassoulet, foie gras, etc all looked very good, but not very ground breaking. The desserts were good as well. Again the waiter recommended the French toast over the creme brulee (cb is boring!). Do this. Do it, I tell you!The only reason I would downgrade this resto a bit is the decor. The tables are RIGHT next to each other and the decor is bland. It is very beige in there and it feels like it is missing something. Also the bathrooms was sloppily done - they chose a tile to match the existing tile, but it didn't match very well. Makes me wonder a bit what they do in the kitchen... But the food shines, so maybe they are just concentrating on that.
This is a pre-review for what WILL happen this Saturday night when we show up at 9:15 pm for our reservation. We'll wander in with red noses from the cold of walking the block or so from the 38 muni. When we get in, Philippe will embrace us and we'll feel like orphans who have finally been adopted by a family in the country with a farm and puppy and a tire swing. Then we'll be seated, most likely elbow to elbow, with the rest of the patrons. We'll probably make fun of the nicey-nice dressed people, some of the yuppie scum, but really, on this night our hearts will not be sullen but open to what the universe in the form of kitchen at Chapeau will give us. And we'll be totally starving, because I'll insist that we shouldn't eat for at least 8 hours before, to save room. Although maybe we'll cave and get a burrito somewhere at like 4 pm or something, but I digress...I'll order the cassoulet and this time, they won't be out of it. It will be like going back to my French roots and for a moment I'll become one of my ancestors from Pau, wandering home after herding goats, feasting on the hearty dish, warming his insides...and then for dessert I'll have something so delicious that I'll know it was a good idea to save my money and brown bag it every day this week. And then, our hearts and stomachs full, we'll leave, at first looking for Philippe but then heading out because we believe he's busy..but then he'll chase us down the narrow aisle between the tables and kiss us good-bye. Then we'll wander off into the night and go get wasted at some bar, but really, we'll be thinking about Chapeau.Yep, that's what's going to happen. An f-ing transcendental experience. [Philippe, if you're reading this, please make sure to have enough cassoulet to last until 9:15.]
Everything we had was delicious. The service and atmosphere are great and the staff are actually French, I believe. Highly recommended for a date, or for whatever else!!!!
One of the best dinners I've ever had. The mussels are amazing, the filet was extraordinary, the halibut delicious, escargot incredible! The service, the food and the ambiance were perfect. Absolutely loved this place! I ate there on Sunday and haven't been able to stop thinking about it all week! It was the perfect setting for a special occasion. Our waiter was helpful and made great wine recommendations. Chapeau! goes above and beyond all my expectations!
You know those times you decide to pay a decent amount of money to have that perfect, charming, romantic meal? And then you leave the restaurant wondering what, exactly, you paid for? Why you even bothered?Well, THIS is where you should have gone instead.Nothing on the menu is so fancy you've never heard of it. Instead, everything is exactly what you want to choose from, prepared exquisitely. And while it's standard(ish) French fare, there are delightful vegetarian options, too.Worth a 5-star review.
Came here on a Wednesday night with a girlfriend. The restaurant was packed. We were a bit early for our reservation but were seated in minutes. The head chef and owner greets you when you walk in which is pretty nice. Once seated, we shared a nice french wine and our appetizers. We had the foie gras which was delicious and a pair of oysters. It was fun to try this stuff since my friend doesn't usually venture towards these options. For our entrees, she got the chicken, I got the Pork. Both were tasty but the dessert was by far, the best ending we could've asked for. GET THE FRENCH TOAST. You won't be disappointed. When we asked the waiter what to get, the chocolate cake (ordered by the table next to us earlier) or the french toast he said the french toast without any hesitation. And thank goodness, cuz after our first bites we both died and went to heaven. The toast they use is incredible and actually melts away in your mouth while the ice cream and sauce couldn't complement it any better. We had a great time. Just be prepared to spend a good two hours dining, it's a no rush, enjoy your meal like the French do type of bistro!
No Foie Gras on the last day... Cry
Foie Gras, Foie Gras, Foie Gras!Well prepared and big piece. I was full after just first course.The veal was disappointing and very oily. But I liked the pork dish that my friend had. I wish I had order that instead. The basil napoleon was the best napoleon I had. The chocolate cake was great too if you like thick chocolate source. The amount of food was large too. You had a choice of any appetiser, any entery, any dessert. And All this for only $38 (puls $6 for the foie gras). They have 1/2 glass of wine, which is a perfect choice for a light drinker like me. But over all, I think its too oily for me to eat here often. Also, our plates were dirty and when we asked to change, they did not say sorry. The service was slow. We started eating at 10:00 although we were seated at 9:00.
Chapeau is quite simply, amazing.You will approach a non-descript exterior and a paper sign will be all that lets you know you've got the right place. You'll pass through a nine foot tall, curved curtain wall of velvet, and you'll burst upon a scene that makes new comers go wide-eyed. I won't say more because it's more fun for you to find out on your own.The service is of a level I've seldom seen. Philippe (the owner) obviously loves what he does and you'll find him serving many roles: waiter, wine steward, busboy, maitre d', etc. He'll greet you and give you a personal goodbye when you leave. As mentioned, he'll chase after you if he some how misses you leaving. For us he was busy serving wine one minute, and then was suddenly outside the door when we walked out giving kisses and shaking hands. We each got Menu 2 and the amuse busch was a nice mushroom soup. I started with the foie gras, which I had paired with the sauternes. It was lightly seared, very smooth and rich. Microgreens, thinly sliced apples and a sweet sauce accompanied it. Next up was the tasting fish, which was a seared scallop with avocado, beats, and orange. It was cooked perfectly and tasty. For the entree I had the cassoulet and if you are a fan, you likely won't be disappointed. The duck was cripsy and the sausage had good flavor. All of the dishes were a nice size. No American, super sized portions here. Finally I had the profiteroles. Can you say "Yum"? I did.I did sample my guests onion soup, veal and creme brulee also. Each were excellent. I don't think you can go wrong with your selections and I didn't see an unemptied plate in the house.My guests and I shared a nice bottle of Bordeaux that Philippe brought out and expertly presented to us. Do have some wine, and fear not, this restaurant is relatively inexpensive for this level of quality.Make sure you have reservations. I can't imagine walking in and getting a table. Parking shouldn't be much of a problem.
Wow, the food is crazy delicious. Really, really, really well prepared. One of the best tasting meals I've had in a long time. Service was different for different tables - the table next to ours had their meals explained which I appreciate and enjoy. Our dishes were just placed down in front of us. We had 3? different servers. It was a bit confusing. And I LOVED the pacing: A lot of time in between courses. 3 courses for $40 is a steal at this place.
The food is pretty good (esp. the Salade Landaise and the Cassoulet), but the menu hardly changed in ages, and with a limited selection it gets pretty tiring. The last time we were there (Thursday dinner) the wait was interminable. I think 1 hour to get the main course and the lag between courses is annoying. (Actually it drove me crazy with hunger and I was really thankful for the bread they served)Not sure if this is because the owner is busy with his other restaurant, but I feel the service quality has dropped, and this is my fav. neighborhood restaurant no longer.
Great service, great food, good wine, very nice experience.The only reason I did not give it a 5-star was I had a lot of acidity after dining there (not sure it was due to this restaurant, will update upon my next visit)
Nice wait staff. *Relatively* inexpensive for the fare (ours totaled about $100 / person).I was totally underwhelmed by the food. I had the foie gras and pork tenderloin (dry, lukewarm, and a bad match to the sweet potatoes). GF liked her bass and brie salad quite a bit.We left stuffed, but my favorite taste (and only real recommendation) was the Sauternes they pair with the foie gras.Had high hopes, but left feeling meh.
i know i know, 800 plus reviews, i really should not add to this, but i have to.i'll keep it short, we ate everything, licked the plate and all. on top of that, we ate 3 baskets of bread. yes, even their complementary bread was awesome. have a drink please, their wine list is great, wines were delicious at a very reasonable price. goes great with their bread and everything else. giving a shout out to our server who was kind and attentive. the entire staff was just very nice, you can tell they all enjoyed working there.order the french toast for dessert, you will thank me :)and remember, when you leave, kisses on TWO cheeks, they are french you know.
I really wanted to love this place. Because of its high rating on Yelp, I went in with high expectations. But, I was disappointed by both the layout of the restaurant and the food. I wish I had known that the tables are set up to be just a couple of inches apart. The place was packed on a weeknight, so I guess they just want to jam pack as many people as they can accomodate, but it really killed the ambiance. At a pricey place like Chapeau, I expect to be able to have a private conversation as I eat my dinner.The food, on average, was good but not remarkable. Here is what I ordered:- Trio of salmon: Very good. Loved the flavor and the presentation.- Filet mignon with Pommes de Terre Landaise, King Trumpet & Oyster Mushrooms, Sauce  la Prigourdine : Excellent. Cooked just right and the sauce was fantastic. I'd highly recommend it.- Cassoulet de Toulouse: Canellini Beans, Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder, Duck Leg Confit, Garlic & Toulouse Sausage: the dish sounded interesting, but it was virtually inedible. It is the worst dish I have ever had at a restaurant -- and did not expect to have at a place like Chapeau. It was a total let down. - Dessert: Profiteroles. Average.Though some dishes were very good, the total experience was a disappointment.
My first review, I really really like this place.I took my girlfriend here for her birthday, when we arrived, we were promtly seated (reservations recommended), I had given her a rose and the waiter brought over a vase and some water to put it in. The service at this place is excellent, and yes laid back, if you are in a rush, don't go here. One thing that impressed me was the busser actually knew about the wines on the wine list, and suggested one for the lady, and it was pretty good. The food was very good, although there were a couple misses, the biggest being the escargot, all I could taste was parsley and garlic, very strong flavor, I didn't like starting the meal that way (I wouldn't have ordered it, I figured I should let the broad pick the apps, being her day and all). She ordered, I forget what it was called but it was GOOD, it had chever, and a tomato and polenta.She went with the 4 course with the tasting fish, for her that was the dish of the evening (almost). It was a scallop and stuff, it was very satisfying, I don't recall the flavors too much, I was too busy watching her enjoy it.Mains:, I got the Pettite Poussin, very good, sauce was great, I had to pick it up and gnaw on the bone a little, until she gave me that look, you know the one. I would have been extremely satisfied with this, then I tried the Bouillabaisse, WOW, just WOW, for me that was the dish of the evening, almost.Dessert, she got the chocolate cake, which was very good, but it paled in comparison to the french toast. THIS was the dish of the evening, a dessert you say. Yes, say I. If you go here, GET IT. Don't share it, get your own. If your date does the whole "Oh lets just share" thing, give them a look like they just kicked your little puppy dog across the room and call them cold hearted. The lady pulled this move on me, and I let her have the last bite too. I figure she'll be back to cooking for me soon, so I should let the broad have her day.Highly recommended, great gem in the Richmond.
Comparable to the French cuisine I've experienced in France. Although one must be prepared for the tight space, it's quite an intimate and classy experience. The owner himself took the time to greet the guests and the entire experience was delightful.
I haven't posted reviews for a while and I am catching up... I have been to Chapeau many times over the years. I miss the days they used to have a wine store by the same name on Arguello and Geary. If you had a wine that you liked...a case could be waiting for you. Anyhow I digress... This is one of the best dining experiences I have had in SF from a food perspective. It is way to cramped and usually crowded for me to truly feel comfortable but the food is amazing. The chef and his wife are personable and the wait staff is knowledgeable. They have an early bird Prix fix but I can never rally early enough to do it...I think it goes until 7pm
Don't let Chapeau's fairly small restaurant size fool you; the food, service, and ambiance all add up to make my Chapeau! experience quite grand every time I dine there.The food is terrific. The menu is well thought out, they have a great wine list, and the deserts are delectable.The service wonderful. The wait staff are very attentive and friendly. They always offer to take our jackets as soon as we walk in the door, and we've been seated right away every time (although we always make reservations in advance).The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, the Chef has come to our table and greeted us on more than one occasion. He is always very friendly, and has great wine recommendations that really reflect what we are looking for.It is very tiny, and you'll be sitting quite close to other patrons--so if you're someone who likes privacy, this may not be the place for you. However, sitting close to someone is a small price to pay for the amazing food that this establishment offers.
Visited Chapeau! for my friend's birthday - t'was a dining experience that left a great impression! Make reservations ahead of time and bring great company. It's a place where you will want to take your time and enjoy yourself. For dessert, be sure to order the French toast. Easily the best french toast I've ever had in my entire life.
Archie R. took me here to celebrate the 25th anniversary of me living in this great country. yeah!! Two beeps for Archie R. *BEEP* *BEEP*It was tough to spot the restaurant from the outside; the two windows were covered with white drapes and front door was covered with a black drape. Archie R. dropped me off while he went to park the car (what a gentleman, eh?). When I opened the door, I had find the seam between the drapes to enter the restaurant. Once I found my way, I realized "hey, party over here!"After standing in the middle of the restaurant awkwardly for about a minute, I was greeted by someone who showed me to the table. Within seconds, the owner Philippe came by to say hello. By the way, he reminded me of Ralphie from The Sopranos.The menu was filled with yummy items. Archie and I decided to go for the four course menu which included an appetizer, tasting fish, main course and dessert.Before dinner started, we were served with a cauliflower soup with truffle oil, compliment of the chef. Oh boy. The soup set the tone for the dinner. I stopped short of licking the tiny soup cup.For the rest of the dinner, I remembered having some shrimp thing for appetizer (YUMMY), the tasting fish was a scallop on a bed of something (COOKED TO PERFECTION), the main course was halibut (OH SO TASTY) and the dessert was creme brulee (SO RICH). I apologize for not remembering the details. It was hard to remember anything since my head was in the clouds.Throughout the dinner, Archie and I kept commenting what a wonderful meal it was. The service was absolutely impeccable too. The owner made us feel like family friends.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and will definitely visit again and again and again...
seriously, chapeau... shame on you for actually hiring our server!!!!it took us 45 minutes to order, an hour to get our drinks (which took us 30 minutes to order), and over 2 hours to get our food. and when one of my friends said... "is our food coming out soon? we've been waiting 2 hours!"... the server says, "ALRIGHT"... SERIOUSLY!!!!!!my husband ordered a beer and when it didn't come 30 minutes later, he had to go up to the bar himself... only to find out that our server never even put the order in! our server comes back to our table after the BARTENDER delivers the beer and makes some comment... i say, "my husband had to get the beer at the bar HIMSELF"... he says, "okay"... walks away and comes back 5 minutes later and says, "I apologize for that... this beer is on ME!" dood, did it take you a minute to figure out that what just happened is not normal??when the table next to us, who sat down an hour after we did and got their dessert while we were still eating our entree... i knew that something was not right. i think it was our server... unfortunately, or maybe fortunately (for him), the chef/owner didn't come by our table to check up on us at all... otherwise, we would have given him a mouthful about our POOR experience at the restaurant.i really wanted to like the restaurant... but i was highly disappointed. the food was okay... nothing terrible, nothing great. i definitely will NOT be returning to the restaurant... and neither will my 10 friends who were with me.
Simply lovely, I'm too picky so I could say that chicken could use little more spices, wine selection was great, and appetizers were delightful and I really liked the touch of basil in napoleon dessert. I'm coming back! :)))
Loved this place! Started with the deep fried tiger prawns in phylo dough. The prawns were amazing. My entree was the pan seared duck breast with pears and grapes. Cooked to perfection. The duck was juicy and the sauces were amazing. Ended with the vanilla bean creme brulee. I love creme brulee and this has to be one of the best ones i've had. It's a fairly large portion with just the perfect amount of sweetness to it. Parking is difficult since it's all street parking. Give yourself some time to drive around to look for a spot.
At Chapeau! you'll have a dining experience like no other. It starts off with the confirmation phone call made by the owner Philippe's wife, whose excitement about your presence is truly sincere. When you arrive at the quaint little restaurant, don't be confused once you walk through the doors -- yes, you'll be shrouded in darkness by a heavy velvet curtain and wondering where to check in. But like being in a doctor's examining room and not knowing when you'll be seen by him, in a few minutes, the owner flings the curtain open with a huge smile and greets you with hugs and kisses. In his adorable French accent, he asks for your name and assures you that your table is almost ready. The restaurant is small, tables are inches apart, and above the elevated chatter of the patrons, you will hear the booming laughter of the animated owner who makes his rounds to each table, making sure everyone is enjoying themselves. He is truly a charming host, you feel like you're dining in his home.The pre-fixe menu is an incredible deal, and all of the choices look wonderful, making it hard to decide what to order. I decided to go with the 3-course $35 dinner, having the fried jumbo prawns to start, seared monkfish with risotto in lobster bisque as my main, and the warm chocolate cake for dessert. Fiancee went with the 4-course $42 dinner, having the same prawn appetizer, the tasting fish which was a scallop over an open squash ravioli, filet mignon with potatoes entree, and the trio of sorbets for dessert. The prawns were fantastic, my monkfish was incredibly rich because of the risotto in lobster bisque so I only managed to eat half of it, and the warm chocolate cake was heavenly. I really enjoyed the filet mignon, which was cooked perfectly and the flavors weren't too rich. Each course was a bit slow to come out, so our dinner lasted for 2.5 hours. As we left, Philippe was already outside chatting with friends, so when he saw us, he came over with open arms and gave us kisses and hugs goodbye, saying "See you next time!" It's always such a pleasure to meet people who genuinely enjoy what they do. It just makes for an enjoyable experience for everyone there.
love this new location!  definitely bigger than before, and the food improved from a few years ago.on the house: some kind of anchovies pastry; the pastry was good!appetizers: french onion soup (2 thumbs up!), lobster bisque (A-OK), escargotsentrees: filet mignon w/ foie gras (REALLY GOOD!!), cassoulet (?) lamb shoulder (nothing special...), bacon wrapped pork tenderloin (juicy and good), and black cod (good).dessert: french toast (good & different!), chocolate cake, cheese assortment (you must love strong cheese to enjoy this haha), basil napoleon (good & different).overall good experience: good food, good company, & good service.
Chapeau means hat. Chapeau! means WOW! And WOW! is right!! I have been here a number of times and each time I leave, I have a happy ,full tummy, a big smile, and (the owner) Phillipe's lip print on my cheek to relish as if I'm Marsha Brady and one of the Monkey's has just kissed me!I have never had anything here I didn't like, but some of my absolute fav's are the trio of salmon, any cassoulet, and of course, the profiterolles (which are the best I've ever had!). The steak is always wonderful and very, very French.If you arrive before 6, there is a 3 course prix-fixe for around 25 bucks, but it's only an extra $10 to do the prix-fixe after 6 and eat at a reasonable hour.
If as a child I knew what I know now, I'd want to grow up to be Philippe Gardelle. He is truly a one man show. He's an amazing chef, gracious host, and top sommelier in the cityHe can find you the perfect bottle of wine for any menu combination. One night while dining for two, I asked for a recommendation for a half bottle of white before ordering a full bottle of red. He wasn't happy with what he had on his half bottle list to match our starters, so he opened a full bottle for us, poured half, and charged us half price. That's just the kind of person he is.The wine list is the best organized, most useful way of applying what I can only imagine is an anal personality. C'mon, he's a perfectionist, and he's probably pretty anal - in a good way, people!If the coq au vin or duck l'orange is on the menu, order itTip: For slackers and retired folks living on a fixed income, they have an 3-course "early bird" prix fixe for 20 bucks!
I went with a few of my friends to Chapeau for my early birthday dinner. We made a reservation for Easter Sunday because they were going to be closed for a week after that. Seriously, Chapeau! has some really random closing dates. We planned to get the early bird special which is supposed to be under $30, but because it was Easter, they didn't have the early bird. That kind of sucked because I wasn't exactly looking to spend $15 on this meal! But damn the food was good. It really was. We ended up getting the Prixe Fixe menu and each ordered different things. I believe my friend the vegetarian got the best tasting dishes. Her warm Brie salad was TO DIE FOR. I love Brie, but never had it with salad, so it was just amazing. I got the Kabocha Squash soup, and let me tell you, I was shameless enough to use a piece of bread from my friends plate to scrape off every last bit of that soup. I wish I could drink that by the gallon-- it's that good. My entree was actually kind of a disappointment. Pork tenderloin. It was incredibly dry, but the other stuff on the plate was good. Other highlights of the night: my room mate got the lambshank and it was bigger than my head. Everyone around us got the shank, too, so I swear they must have killed at least 2 lambs for dinner that night. haha.The seats are tight together, but it didn't bother me that much. It kind of set the festive mood for me. The floors are slippery though, so ladies wearing stilletos, beware!
Super disappointing, esp after all the positive reviews here. That's why we picked it! I went here for a friend's bday without reservations. The hostess seemed confused as to when a table would open up, but then the (I assume) chef apologized because she's new and assured us we'd get seated. He seemed a little eccentric and fun, and very personable running around and talking to people, so I got a good vibe.  After getting some wine at the bar we sat down annnddd . .. . waited. And waited. After watching the table next to us get helped repeatedly I wondered who our waiter was. I thought it surely couldn't be the same one helping the other table since wouldn't he at least introduce himself and bring some water? Eventually he did come and take our orders, and I thought the food was ok, not amazing, but decent. I'm not that great of a judge when I'm only eating vegetarian food at a french place, I'll admit, but my friend said everything was good. He had the foie gras and lamb. I was so underwhelmed by the service that I passed on dessert. The chef and hostess wished my friend a happy birthday but unfortunately we didn't get a dessert with a candle like two other bdays in the restaurant. Boooo. Oh well . . . at least we escaped and went next door for drinks to cheer up.
My family took us here for our anniversary a couple of years ago. I had written up a review elsewhere and decided that Yelp would be the perfect place to share with everyone. We had such a wonderful experience here.As soon as you sit down, you are made to feel liked you've been welcomed into the owner's home. Phillipe came out and greeted everyone in the restaurant with huge smiles and hand shakes. The food was excellent. I had the cassoulet and my husband had the lamb shank. My family ordered quail, ox tail, and the sauteed ling cod. We also also tried their 'fish taster' of the night, and that was an excellent seared scallop over risotto.The tables are close together, so you can't help seeing what other patrons were ordering. The special of the evening was prime rib, with four sauces, served table side. Phillipe and his wife, Ellen, served each special dish personally.For dessert, we had creme brulee, warm chocolate cake with rum raisin ice cream, a lemon tart, and the best (surprisingly) was the chilled orange soup. Sounds gross, but trust me, it is liquid heaven. Picture a beautiful orange liquid floating on top of a green base liquid in a martini glass. There were small slices of orange in there as well. I have never tasted anything like it. The orange was, of course, orange juice - but it was the sweetest juice you could ever imagine. The green turned out to be mint. Mixed together... Mmmm...As we left, Phillipe came out with us and gave us each a personal farewell. It was a fantastic evening. I've never felt so at home (meaning as if we had been invited to someone's house) at a restaurant.
Not much to add after the 330+ reviews already here. We LOVE this place. It's our new favorite, the place we went to for our recent anniversary. I should add we live in San Carlos & believe the 20+ mile trek to the Richmond is well worth it.We've been to Gary Danko a few times & think this is on par food-wise, though it doesn't quite match the service or ambiance (or price...GD is at least 2-3x more expensive).It's just wonderful. And there's something to be said for a place where the chef stops by your table & thanks you, tastes the wine you order with you, and sees you on the way out and shakes your hand or kisses your cheek.
I have mixed feelings about this restaurant. The food is good here, and so is the service. But the place is so small and the tables are just too close together. I really don't like hearing somebody else's conversation when I'm having dinner. Unless I'm bored. I know many people prefer this place to Clementine, but I like Clementine more.
Best french restaurant I've ever been to. Food is enlightening, service is warm and wonderful, but most impressive of all was the pure hospitality of Chef Philippe. Our dinner guest suggested to Chef that the balsamic reduction was a tad burnt. Chef took the critique graciously and was sincerely grateful for the input. Chef followed his compliment with a bottle of fabulous gewurztraminer, gratis. So thoughtful and such a cordial demeanor. The remainder of the meal was unspeakably delicious. I especially noted the Salade Landaise, foie gras, the rabbit, and the french toast dessert. We plan on visiting again regularly in the future.
I am on the fence about this place. I've actually heard about this restaurant for the longest time and have been wanting to try it forever but didn't get the chance until a couple months ago as I took my brother in law here for his birthday. I think all of my high expectations ruined it for me cause I wanted more from this place than I got but then again, it really wasn't that bad. But since the bar was set so high, I would have to admit I was mildly disappointed. I think the food was pretty good. Scale of 5, I would give it a 4. Ambiance was very average for me. Service was pretty cool.I think what really got me was that I always heard this place was a value. For us, we spent about $50 a person and none of us had a drink. If we did, it would have been substantially more. For that pricepoint, I would want better surroundings for my meal. Unless the food was absolutely to die for, then maybe...... So would I be back. Yeah, I think for the Early Bird price, this place might be exceptional so I think I would be back here if I could make it in before 6pm. Or was it 6:30p. Well, once I am ready to come back, I will check it out.....
Maybe a little less than 3 stars but I'm kind of torn. Granted it's my own fault, I had pretty high expectations after looking at the reviews for this restaurant. Four of us came for my mom's birthday. Even though we were a little late due to traffic we were quickly seated with no problem. Yes, the chef made his rounds, shook hands at the table and upon our exit gave kisses on the cheek to the women, it wasn't warm. So after reading all the reviews, it just seemed gimmicky and disingenuous. Otherwise service was polite and receptive.On to the food. So. Salty. I was drinking water as if I had been laying out in the sun all day. My dad was thrilled to see they had a vegetarian option and happily decided on the vegetarian napolean.I went for the skate, my boyfriend the duck and my mom the halibut. My dad's food was o-k. My boyfriend's duck probably the best meal on the table. While my skate was o-k as well, the capers being a highlight. My mom's dish was pretty bad and it broke my heart because it was her birthday. We muddled through and found ourselves looking at the dessert menu. The chocolate cake while good was too rich at the end of this meal. The french toast however, AMAZING!!! My dad had the fruit napolean and my boyfriend the creme brulee, both run of the mill.All in all it was fine French food, but next time I want a French dinner I'll head over to le charm.
Pretty good food, but somehow it wasn't super amazing for my palette. Maybe next time will be better? It still deserves 4 stars!
Easily made a reservation through OpenTable. Upon arrival, we waited for our table by the bar. The chef/owner? came out to personally greet us and welcome us to his restaurant. Our party opted for the 3 course prix-fixe menu. The ONION SOUP was delicious...it's really a shame that other places can ruin such a simple soup. I followed that up with the PRIME RIB w bone marrow that serves two. The presentation in itself was pretty amazing...a 2.5 lbs bone-in mouth watering piece of prime rib. Of the three sauces that accompanied the dish, I preferred the MUSHROOM sauce the best. The blue cheese and bernaise sauce were not for me. I also tried the filet minion which was a smaller but more melt in your mouth proportion. Last, I finished up with the creme brulee which was evenly caramalized on top and had consistency throughout. And of course, as we left, the same chef/owner wished us a great night!
I have been to Chapeau! at least 7 times and absolutely love the food and service. Classy restaurant with reasonable prices. Everything I have has been excellent. Whether it is a large party or just the two of us it is great food.Phillip, the owner, and his wife are incredibly personable. Phillip always helps us pair our wines with our meals and we are never disappointed. Service is impeccable. Portion sizes are just right and food is delicious. My husband and I always leave feeling very satisfied.Elee T.
Wow. This French food rocks!Justin and I went to Chapeau! last Friday to celebrate his birthday a few weeks late. We both ordered off of menu 1 which allows you to pick one appetizer, one entree, and one dessert for $38. I had the baked brie appetizer (delicious), the sea bass (good, not great), and the vanilla creme brule (OMG!). J had the lamb shank and he was one content cookie. Served wtih couscous, the shank was HUGE. It was amazing. Justin also had an interesting dessert - orange sherbet soup. Definitely a creative option and pretty good, although my creme brule was better :)The service is definitely slow, but not unbearable in good company. Also, the tables are very very close to each other, maybe an inch or two of space between them. This was fun for us (we chatted with the couples on both sides of us throughout dinner) but I could see how it might not be for a couple hoping for a romantic evening.
If you come here with a dine-and-ditch in mind, you better rethink your plan. The chef/owner chases you down to bid you farewell, and if you decided to skip out on your bill, he looks like the kinda of guy who might be able to charm you into a headlock so he could pick your pocket before kissing you on both cheeks.My dad is crap at planning, so he put me in charge of picking a restaurant for my mother's birthday. I tirelessly yelped and yelped for days (ok, maybe just like 20 minutes) searching for the right spot. I ruled out any place too sceney, hipstery, trendy or with a Danko-esque price list. Chapeau!'s glowing reviews were the deal breaker. I called two weeks in advance and made a rather early reservation for five people.Now, I heard this place was small, but I wasn't prepared for the sea of heads I saw as I walked through the velvet curtains into the restaurant. They know how to pack the people in, that's for sure. I was a little bummed that our table was right in front of the door, so we caught every draft every time the door was opened, which was every two minutes being that the chef opens the door and welcomes everyone and opens the door to say goodbye to everyone. And if you thought I was bummed, you should have heard my mother."Brrrrrrr. Close the door! my feet are freezing! vrrrrrrr."Ya, mom's pretty much a huge complainer, and isn't shy with the bossiness. hey, she's a Jewish mommy from Oakland, what do you expect? A mousy, petite woman who crochets and drinks tea? Paaaaaa-lease! I get me potty mouth and road rage from that woman.The mealChampagne and wine were of course gorgeous, as champagne and wine tend to be1. cauliflower soup amuse-bouche....strong little treat that was perfect to dip my bread in2. warm brie over a potato pancake-type thing.....a didn't eat the whole thing because we were doing the "sharing" thing, but believe me, if it was my birthday I would have fought with fork prongs and elbows in order to horde that delicious bitch. ooooh, so yummy. I also enjoyed the goat cheese Napoleon.3. Bouillabaisse. I hate to be finicky, but from a restaurant that receives such high ratings, I was hoping for something more spectacular. The broth was really flavor-full and lovely. The clams and mussels were well cooked and flavorful, but the fish was way too fishy. Everyone who tasted it agreed with me. I really don't like fishy fish, which is why I never get salmon unless it's raw. My mother loved her fish (I think it was sea bass), my sister and brother-in-law got the cassoulet and sirloin. They both preferred the beef. Dad got the pork wrapped in bacon (heart attack on a plate. He probably had to take the whole bottle of Lipitor that night), and said it was good, but he didn't even taste the bacon.4. I think the desserts were the hit of the evening. We had the vanilla creme brulee, warm chocolate cake, praline cake and the apple tart. The creme brulee and chocolate cake were drool-worthy good. I'm not a sweets person, but at this particular meal I was the one at the end of the meal with my spoon scrapping the edges of the plates. Licking the plates would have been a little embarrassing for the fam, so I restrained myself.The servers were on top of the water, wine, bread, etc. But the service was really slow. Fortunately mom compared the meal to ones she had in France, which was a positive thing. She pointed out that since the food was so filling, it was a treat to be able to enjoy a long, leisurely meal where she wasn't stuffing her face.It was also on the Chevy's-level loud side. My dad kept screaming over me to talk to me mom. There was a lot of ear cupping and repeating. But the space is darling (the paint job is really cutsie and romantic), the service was delightful, the food was delicious, and the prices didn't force my dad to take a second mortgage out on the house. Not the most impressive meal ever, but I would definitely come back.
The owner is so nice and pleasant. He gave us a big hug to say good bye and thank you (my first time at the restaurant). The early bird menu is a great deal, three course meal, perfect place to bring your friends and family. Very friendly and cozy environment to have dinner.
Awesome place. Perfect for date night. Besides what's been said 100 times over in the reviews, I think it's a solid marriage of high-class and real tastiness. A lot of joints get a lot of buzz and have high prices, but have ended up disappointing me. This place delivered on the atmosphere, portion size, and taste.Oh yeah, and the wine recommended was awesome as well.
Service at the bar was strained when I got there, but they offer a nice selection of wines, even by the half glass. The food is also amazing - the duck salad was yummers, but the run away star of the evening was the skate wing - so much better than the one I had at a very well known (and much more expensive restaurant). They are very accommodating with regards to splitting dishes. You'll need a reservation, so make one now!
Not bad for the price. If you get it before 6pm, you can get the early bird special with only cost $30 for a three course tasting menu. The corn soup with crab cake was really good, light but tasty. The Trio of Salmon was kind of blend, easily forgettable. As for the entree, the flounder was a good choice for a hot night, not too heavy. The desert menu was kind of limited; strangely enough they were serving french toast as a desert. The best part of the whole dinning experience was that the server was super friendly.
I celebrated my birthday with my family at Chapeau! last night and I can't wait to go back. The service was great, had an engaging conversation with the chef/owner, and every course of the meal was delicious. I had the prix fixed, three course meal: black tiger prawns with shredded Phylo and a tomato and onion marmelade; rack of lamb with braised leeks and fennel (nightly special); and profiteroles. I told the owner I like pinot and zin but wanted to try a french wine. He suggested an affordable red wine that was perfect. The service was well timed and the food was cooked perfectly. Everyone at the table enjoyed their meal (mussels, cassoulet, and salmon).Thanks Chapeau! for a nice evening.
excellent food, great ambience. service was slow as soon as the restaurant picked up that evening though
Great food, great service! Everything was delicious. Started off with a drink at the bar then sat down with 5 friends for a night of delicious food. Most of us opted for 'menu 1' in which you select an app, an entree then a dessert. Unlike some places where you would only be able to select from a limited menu, here you get to choose from the entire menu. The food was tasty, the presentation was awesome. I had the bay scallops on a bed of risoto with lobster bisque, then the filet and for dessert the warm chocolate cake. YUM!
Super duper! The food, the wine, the atmosphere and certainly the chef made this a fun and delcious dining experience. I think we began dinner at 9 and left at 1am!You would never know this place existed if someone were not to clue you in, but it is a hidden treasure worth checking out. I loved every bite.
I wish that Yelp allowed half stars. If it did, Chapeau! would get 4 1/2 from me. Almost everything about my experience here was perfect, with the exception of one glaring oversight on the part of the server at the beginning of the evening. We were seated right away with a Sunday night dinner reservation at 8pm. The owner came by to introduce himself and personally welcome us, which was a nice touch. We were brought water and menus. And then we waited. And waited. And waited some more... We waited approximately 20 minutes for someone to bring bread, take a drink order, or take some sort of notice of our presence at all. Finally, our server came over, and abruptly asked if we were ready to order. There was no explanation of the menu, or the specials for the evening. I was particularly looking forward to trying the foie gras, which is not on the menu. Luckily, I had overheard him explain the foie gras to someone at a neighboring table, and asked about it. Still, no explanation of the menu or specials was forthcoming. He briefly explained the preparation to me (seared). He seemed completely rushed, and even somewhat bothered by being asked a question and having to take my order. Luckily, I had spent the prior 20 minutes studying the menu, so I knew exactly what I wanted to order by the time he finally deigned to acknowledge my existence. After the disastrous first 20 minutes, I was fully prepared for the rest of the evening to continue in the same fashion. Instead, I was delightfully surprised. Not only was the food delicious, the service for the rest of the evening was exceptional. Same server, but huge difference in service. I don't know what happened, but after the initial lapse, he did a complete 180 and was very attentive and courteous. He had:Deep Fried Black Tiger Prawns with Shredded Phylo Dough/Tomate & Onion Marmelade/Petits Legumes/Herbed Aioli - Very good. The prawns were perfectly cooked, and the flavor was nice and light. The phylo dough added nice texture, and the marmelade balanced out the flavors nicely.Bacon Wrapped Natural Pork Tenderloin/Parsnip Puree/Braised Green Swiss Chard/Apple-Calvados Sauce - You can't go wrong with anything wrapped in bacon, right?Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle - Surprisingly large. Yum. I had:Seared Foie Gras - melt in your mouth deliciousness! I would go back here, repeatedly, just for this dish. Even the friend who dislikes foie gras and is repulsed by the general concept of fatty duck liver enjoyed this immensely.Roasted Rack of Lamb/Ratatouille/Potato Gratin -This plate is huge! It was too much food for me to finish, but I definitely enjoyed making the attempt. The lamb was moist and tender, very flavorful, a perfect medium rare. The potato gratin was very nice, as was the ratatouille. Warm Chocolate Cake/Banana Flambe/ Rum & Banana Ice Cream/Caramel Sauce - Rich, chocolately, divine. The warm, gooey chocolate center is my favorite part. Amuse Bouche (Smoked Trout/Potato Salad) - a tasty snackFish Tasting (Seared Scallop/Tomato Confit/Pesto Risotto/Fish & Lobster Reduction) - The scallop was so sweet and delicious, perfect with the fish and lobster reduction, it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.Palate Cleanser (Colonel: Lemon-Ginger Sorbet/ Citrus Infused Vodka) - The sorbet is light and refreshing, and the vodka gives an unexpected punch of flavorWe had a bottle of the wine recommended by our server, a merlot (actually a blend) that complemented the rest of the meal very nicely.I definitely plan to go back again. The food is an excellent value for the price, and I'm very impressed that they were able to change my impression of the place after the frustrating beginning to the evening.
Chapeau is remarkable in that it knows its aspiration and hits the mark. A small, warm space which, like the kitchen, is without pretension. The service has a component too often disguised as performance: service. Service not in the sense of subordination but a genuine caring that the guest is comfortable and well fed. We travel to SF from the south of the U.S. every two to three years, primarily to enjoy one of, if not the, great restaurant cities in the country. With such a vibrant dining scene, there is no shortage of new, cutting edge, and inventive restaurants so we love to keep current. But we also remember our friends. The folks at Chapeau are among them and we always return, usually our last night in town. Last evening was no exception. A cote de boeuf for two with marrow bone, a potato gratinee, string beans, and a satisfying brioche French toast with salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut englaise. Pascal made us feel we were guests in his home. Bravo!
The only complaint I have of this place is the lame exclamation mark in the title. It's otherwise impeccable. Outstanding. Eat here tonight. You'll be happy you did.
Absolutely lovely.We arrived a tad early for dinner and I was a bit worried that we wouldn't be seated until our time, but Philippe greeted with kisses and we were immediately seated at our table for two. The restaurant was a bit smaller than I imagined, but quaint. We started out with a cocktail aka champagne and then perused menu. I choose menu 1 which included a starter, entree, and dessert. Anytime there is fois gras on the menu, it's a rule, I have to order it. So, I went with the seared fois gras (perfectly seared and melted in my mouth) which had thinly sliced nectarines and honey on the side. It was a toss up on the entree, there were so many items I wanted to try...so, I went with halibut, fennel and fettuccini- awesome! Everything had it's own flavor at the same time complimenting each other.Dessert was picked for me by my dinner guest, Leanne. She choose the warm chocolate cake and wanted to try the apple tart. So, my decision was made for me- apple tart with hazelnut ice cream. The apples were perfectly sliced and perfectly fanned on the tart. Beneath the apples, laid a wonderful vanilla cream on top of a flaky, buttery crust. How could I have never come out here? I've been missing out all this time. Chapeau! is great for a date, catching up with friends or simply going to have a wonderful tasting dinner.
I thought I was special...After a delicious, though somewhat standard, nice-SF-restaurant experience, chef Philippe came running down the block to give us those adorable French double-kiss bisous and thank us for coming. Completely charmed, I resolved to Yelp about this experience. Of course now that I've read all the reviews, I realize that chasing down customers is part of Philippe's MO. But you know, that doesn't make it any less special. The service at this restaurant is excellent, in that so-good-you-barely-notice-it way. Until they surprise you with a third dessert, the one you reluctantly decided against, on the house. Oh, creme brulee, now I notice you.
OMG! This place is so off the hook - I can't get over it.Philippe and his wife are such kind, sweet people... It's true they make sure they greet and say good-night to every single customer, even if they're a block away already!Ambiance is excellent. Prices are pretty reasonable, our bill for 4 was about $350. Let's get to it:FIRST: Amuse bouche (I learned about that watching Top Chef y'all!)It was a mixture of finely diced citrus fruits to get your palate going..APPS ORDER: mussels, oysters, trio of salmon, trio of prawn, and M*tha F*ckin bad ass seared foie gras. Everything melted in your mouth! The waiter suggested a wine with the foie gras, and it went perfectly together. The oysters and mussels were so flavorful! Salmon was good, prawns even better.Did I mention the foie gras? Ooh I was in heaven! Oh yeah, and sweet breads - which is part of the neck or something? I've never had such delectable, melt-in-your-mouth poultry parts.ENTREES:Duck and Filet MignonAgain, out of this world flavor, cooked to perfection!PALATE CLEANSER:Lemon or apple sorbet infused with vodka served in small frosted martini glasses. Cleansing and classy!WINE:We brought a Peju Cab, and ordered a French Red there Chateauneuf something. Excellent suggestion from Phillipe.DESSERT:Chocolate cake for us, and honestly I forgot what Mike and Lily had. I was still dumb-founded at the quality of food. Truly upscale dining. And proportions were perfect..We weren't overly full, just completely satisfied. I'm still savoring the taste.... Chapeau - you're my new crush!
I expected a lot more....better service, better food, better cocktails,....for the price. Would not go back. Would not recommend it. I ordered a Cosmo. It was lacking in flavor so asked for more cranberry juice. Still came back weak but the server didn't ask if it was satisfactory; just left. Would have given 3 stars except that it was expensive.
09.25.09 - Chapeau! have recently moved into Clemetine! Both restaurants were very good.Will try the NEW Chapeau! at the new location.Pre Feb 2009 - Very good food. Missed the Prix Fixe, Had the special which was a special 4 item dishes.Portion smaller than Clemetine's but to me the flavor and execution of the dishes was a little bit better.Great service by the wait staff.Owner/chef was very attentive. When we left he chase us down to bid us a good night. and small chat about the food, It was very refeshing to see that the chef was concerned and wanted to make sure that his clients were staisfied. This is rare but good to see that it still exisit!!!
Chapeau!!!!! this place is very nice the food the service all top notch even though the place is small and very busy they always get orders right...french food is served slower then regular eatery's so i'm use too that..Great placce for a date
I haven't had the pleasure of dining at Chapeau in a while. But, after trying Panam (French Fusion) in the Castro, I just have to say Chapeau is one of the best in SF if you are looking for an experience with French cuisine.
I loved it when it was Clementine's now..I am a huge Fan!! I think I will be making this my new local. The personal touch of the entire staff not just the wonderful Chef makes me wish everywhere was like this.
Awesome Food. Great Price. Incredible...see photos
Marvelous! Food and service is what you'd expect at a top notch bistro. Prices are extremely reasonable. Wouldn't hesitate to go again. Desserts are tremendous. Early bird prix fixe menu only $30. An incredible deal.
What a wonderful little bistro! And in the Richmond district - who woulda thought? Chef Phillipe - the owner, graciously greets every guest that walks in as well as says goodbye to every guest, often with les baises (sorry if I spelled that wrong, he he). My bf took me here for our 2 year - the space is a little cramped but I personally don't mind it. We ordered the 3-course meal for $35.We ordered:1/2 glass of Chardonnay and Merlot - we both enjoyed these wines.Baked brie on top of a potato croquette with salad and apples - this was a nice portion, and very tasty. I love fruit with cheese.Salmon tartar - This was really good. The presentation was absolutely beautiful. I forgot my camera!Green-apple sorbet - I love having sorbet to cleanse the pallate.Glazed Duck Breast l'Orange with endives, spinach, and turnips - This was very good. Great wine sauce reduction. Sweet.Monkfish with risotto - I have a new profound love for risotto. The sauce was very rich, the portion a bit too big for me because of the richness of the sauce. Good stuff. Profiteroles with dark chocolate sauce - Ummmm dark chocolate, choux, and vanilla ice-cream, how can you go wrong? We both liked this a lot, but my bf has had it better in France."Orange soupe" with orange sorbet, and some type of orange cream - This was VERY tart, but went very well with the cream that accompanied it. It's very refreshing. Never had anything like this before. I think I have a new love for fruit sorbet; something that I didn't care for before.Cappuccino - =)Overall, great stuff. I ordered things that I don't typically order (I'm more of a meat and chocolare person), but I enjoyed it very much. The service is good, owner Phillipe, very sweet, overall a nice meal.
I took my husband here (the one on Clement & 3rd Ave.) for his birthday last night. We had a beautiful window table for my husband, my 11 month-old and myself. Everything was delicious!!! The hostess, busboy, waiter... everyone was super sweet and attentive. The owner (I think) came by our table a few times to say hi and to play with our son. It was too cute. We had a wonderful experience - taste buds + hospitality! Definitely eat here! :o)
The meal was nothing special - I went there for my birthday and was expecting a lot more since reading the reviews. We had reservation but still had to wait for half an hour for the seats. It was a pretty small restaurant, if you like personal space, this might not be the place to go. The boss (I think it was the boss) was all over the place and meeting/greeting customers, which I guess was suppose to happen at a restaurant like Chapeau. The service was good, waiters were friendly. The food was the ok part of it. I like the appetizer but my dinner was only ok - I had the lamb. I had better lamb elsewhere - it was too "lamby" if you know what I mean. They gave us free ice cream - which was awesome! :) Overall, it was worth the experience but I probably be looking elsewhere on my next birthday.
Very cozy restaurant with straightforward and honest food. I went with a group of 6 and all of us ordered different things. I tried mostly everything that they offered us. Warm Brie Salad, Duck Confit Salad, Ribeye for 2, Braised Lamb Shank....on and on and on.Everything was excellently presented and tasted the way it looked. I've never been to Europe, but it seems like this is the type of cuisine that you would have by the country side. Elegant yet still rustic. My kinda style. The prices are also perfectly matched with the food, and I felt like the portions were very generous considering I couldn't even finish my last course. I'm surprised this restaurant isn't in the top 100. I'd come back again and again.
I had an amazing time here. Phillipe greeted me at the door and from there until the end of the evening I was positively impressed by the attentiveness of the staff as well as the fact that they could truly tell when they were needed at the table and didn't show up until then. The food was spectacular as well. The evening started off with a Kir Royale, and the two of us each ordered the 3 item prix fixe menus (thus allowing more variety) and I was thoroughly impressed with each and every item. Presentation of each dish was beautiful without being garish, and of course each one tasted great. The cassoulet was amazing once it cooled off, and the orange soup for dessert is something you should _not_ miss...talk about an unlikely dish!I'd recommend this to anyone!
I assure you, you will not be able to find this Bistro easily. (unless you use google street views, have a GPS fitted in your rear or your navigator's been trained by the military). What at first seems to be your biggest faux pas ends up being your biggest accomplishment. Phillipe is a hyper-gracious gift to humans. I still cannot understand how he manages to run this adventure. I mean the guy plays chef, proprietor, and maitre d', opens every bottle at the table, tastes it along with his guests and then at the end of it all chases them down the streets to kiss them merci. My theory - the frenchman is on steroids. I mean there is no way a human can perform like this. We basically made our food selections and asked the staff for recommendations on the wine. Phillipe bought in a fruity 2005 Sablet and opened the bottle with his now made famous line "If you don't like it, I will drink it". The adventure started with a surprise - Melon Soup. Never had that before and I loved the tiny tangy flavor with it. Appetizers: The Tiger Prawns and the warm Brie spread up on potatoes. The Tiger prawns were allright but the Bried Potato was wonderful.Tasting Fish: Scallops were the choice. One bite into it and I was already scheming to plunder into my fellow diners' plate. Pallet cleansers: Both the colonel and the Trumond (?) had my guest and me hum "hmmmmm ......hmmmm ...hmmmmmm". Entrees: The monkfish and the filet mignon. I don't know how the beef gets aged but the medium rare creation was impeccable. The monkfish was stellar. Desserts: The "vanilla bean Creme Brulee" was stellar and the "Chocolate Cake with Creme Anglaise" was worth the 25 minutes. Lastly - while's its almost impossible, you probably might want to plan to take some food home. I have never seen a fancier of what essentially is a doggy bag. Overall Presentation Skills: 10/10Noise levels are certainly high but Chapeau! changes the way you look at things. This is the kind of food I want in heaven.
An absolutely incredible find. Every bite was amazing. I got to taste 4 appetizers, two entrees and two desserts. Foie Gras was absolutely delicious as was the Salad Landaise. I had the skate wing which was by far the best skate I've ever had. Just perfect combination of spices, melting in my mouth and leaving a very refreshing aftertaste. The Filet Mignon was very flavorful and felt by itself like a 4 course dinner as the flavor changed as I let the flavor absorb. They also have an magnificent chocolate cake and Noue de Noix. Ambience is enjoyable and dimly lit. I also recommend you try their white Burgundy. Note on the side: Chapeau means "hat" in French; however, if it's chapeau! (with the exclamation mark) then it means "wow". And wow is the right description for this place.
May being the month of budding leaves, budding revolutions and budding love, we sought to celebrate my wife Jill's birthday amidst the parade of parties and protests. Having recently visited Paris, ah Paris!, we needed French cuisine. Our local expert for everything French, recommended that we try out Chapeau! in the Richmond district of San Francisco. As we munched potato-leek pancakes over mizuna, we delighted at the unexpected sweetness of caramelized apple. Each bite invited us to another bite and into a budding love of Chapeau! A bitter sorbet cleansed our palates--perhaps too bitter to want it to cleanse my plate again. The Cassoulet a la Toulousaine reminded me of the wonderful duck confit my friend Isabelle made for us when we visited her home in France. Mmmm. Warm, comforting country-style food. With a tad too much salt. For dessert, I took the predictably American path and went down the aisle of gushing chocolate cake. Who doesn't love chocolate cake? The rich sauce made me forget all my worries about the bitter sorbet and the tad too salty cassoulet. We made our reservations well ahead of time for the very early hour of 5:30 PM. As the room filled with customers excited about their night out on the town, the room also filled with noise. Sitting against the wall in the back of the room caused me to feel as if my head was floating amidst all of the chatter. I had to ask Jill to annunciate a little more clearly as I had a hard time hearing her. Near the end of the meal, she wanted to switch spots so that she could sit on the cushion instead of the wood chair. Doing so freed me from the cacophony but immersed Jill in it. Sitting elsewhere may have improved matters dramatically. As we finished the meal, the waiter remembered to call a cab for us without our even having to remind him. Before being whisked away to see Stevie Jay perform at the Yoga Loft, the bill came to us in a really cool hat. A chapeau, that is. The staff at Chapeau! treated us with special care. I'd like to think it was the festive hats we wore that night, but the staff at Chapeau! are probably always that good.
i am stuffed! my friends and i had dinner here after several attempts to dine at this fine establishment but never making it. FINALLY we made it. only moments after i sat down was i greeted by the owner phillipe himself. he is so welcoming! all 3 of us decided to go with the 3 course menu at $38 each which includes appetizer, entree and dessert. i had the mesclun salad (yum), the halibut (yummy) and the warm chocolate cake with banana flambe (yummier). oh and since i hadn't properly celebrated my friend's engagement and her moving back from ny, we had to order some bubbly for the table. her foie gras appetizer looked really good as well as my other friend's filet mignon entree. come to think of it, everything was so delicious!upon exiting the restaurant, phillippe waited for us outside and gave each of us a kiss on both checks good bye. au revoir! but don't worry chapeau, i will be back!
THE F00D iS DELiCi0US HERE; THE ATM0SPHERE EVEN BETTER!i FiRST ATE AT CHAPEAU! WiTH MY FAMiLY WHEN THEY FiRST 0PENED && C0MPLETELY FELL iN L0VE WiTH iT! THE F00D iS DELiCi0US && THERE`S SUCH A GREAT ViBE HERE. iT`S N0T THE BiGGEST 0F PLACES, BUT THE ViBE iS ABS0LUTELY C0ZY && WARM. AFTER Y0UR MEAL, THE HEAD CHEF/0WNER C0MES T0 Y0UR TABLE && PERS0NALLY ASKS iF Y0U ENJ0YED THE MEAL && THANKS Y0U F0R C0MiNG. HE TREATS Y0U LiKE FAMiLY && iS S0 FRiENDLY && SWEET! HE ALS0 KiSSED ME 0N B0TH CHEEKS WHEN WE LEFT; S0 EUR0PEAN...i L0VE iT! HEHE :D
Undoubtedly the best value for money in any houte restaurant I've been to:I have been here twice with my friends and family, and both times I was not disappointed. The entrees I have tasted here (duck, scallops, pork, rabbit leg, steak) all were well presented and tastey. The appetizers were full of flavor, and I believe that some poor chef in the back had to have woken up at 4am that morning to pick the better produce for the ones I tasted.The owner takes great care to seat you, serve you wine, and see you out (a handshake for the men, a peck on the cheek for the women). All in all a fantastic find and great value for great flavor in this neighborhood.Only complaints I have are that it gets very busy: some of the less professional staff can become overwhelmed and forget about some of the little things if it's really busy. But aside from that small bit, a solid 5 stars.
I had a great experience here! Chef Philippe made the experience one of a kind. He is usually smiling when he greets his guest. I really like the french toast dessert! Love the presentation of all the food and everything tasted wonderful. I highly recommend this place!
One of the best restaurants in San Francisco, I love it. I don't care about all those cold heart,fake culinary restaurants this small restaurant is awesome. Service is great,food is great.
I don't have much to add.... Food was yummy - I really liked the warm brie salad, though!...at the end of the night...it was weird to see the waiters (especially this one dude) constantly going to put the doorstop down to keep the door open. Multiple times, the diners went to close the door...b/c it was freezing cold. C'mon...when your customers are making the effort to close the door, please respect their wishes... We know you need to get off work...and want to go home...but c'mon!Update: Came here again a month later...to have the prime rib there. Ummm...not as good as I had hoped it to be. Sad to say...I think I like Outback's prime rib more.. :I If you are into marrow & not worried about mad cow dz...they serve the marrow -- with a huge spoon... Beware -- don't get your eyes poked out!! ...oh..and make sure the server describes the sauces correctly!! he mixed up two of ours...
Wonderful wonderful. Eating at a place like this makes me feel spoiled. In a good way.
One of the greatest restaurants in the Bay Area. Value wise the greatest. Everything out of the kitchen is fantastic, and the service could not be nicer. If you need a moderate priced restaurant to take a special someone too, you have to try Chapeau.
Hats off to Chapeau! The prix fixe option is a great deal! You can choose almost any appetizer, entree, and dessert for $38.00. (even cheaper before 6 pm Monday-Thursday) The restaurant is small, quaint, with no standing room or front waiting lobby. But the decor is the last thing on your mind when you taste the decadent cuisine served as this charming bistro. I would say go with the duck, cooked medium rare- definitely the best duck I've ever had, very tender. Not to be repetitive, but the creme brulee is the tastiest I've ever had as well! I like how it's a little cramped and loud, it makes for a lovely, fun atmosphere. Watch out, this place is so incredible, you will lose track of time. The first time I checked the time, I realized we had already been there for almost 3 hours!
Chapeau! is very small and intimate with GREAT service and GREAT food for a GREAT price. My only complaint is terrible parking.Chapeau! is definitely on my list of top 3 favorite restaurants.
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday. We both loved it! We came during the week at 5pm and had the place to ourselves for a good half hour. The service was warm and friendly; the head waiter is French and spent a long time discussing the menu with us. My favorites were the escargot and cassoulet de toulouse; hers was the warm brie. A 5 star experience for a much lower price than you'd expect; with drinks, tax, and tip our tab was just under $100. We'll be back!
Excellent restaurant with truly traditional French food. Prices are perfectly reasonable for what you get, and the service was outstanding. Maybe a tiny disappointment with the cocktails, but the food was fantastic and 3/3 of us loved it.
Guys, take your girlfriend-in-training here. She'll love the kisses from the chef, high prices, and will think that you have fantastic taste in restaurants rather than fantastic Yelp skills. Just be armed with talking points, as this is one of the worst places for awkward silences because the couple sitting 10" away from you will definitely notice your lack of game.
Although everything I ate was absolutely delicious (sweetbreads, skate wing, and french toast - that's right, french freaking toast for dessert!), my kudos goes out to the Chef. He was extremely personable when he greeted my table, paired wine with our food, and joked with me and my party. I watched him pick up stray silverware off the ground, run food, and even carve the rib eye for 2 table side- all while never missing a beat when it came to making sure his guests were having a great time. That is called LOVE and you can see it in his eyes as well as in the food. When I left he gave me a warm thank you and a kiss on each cheek. I will definitely come back for the wonderful staff and for the french toast!
What accolades can I shower on my favorite SF restaurant that haven't already been written? The name comes from making you go all Mary Tyler Moore in the street after every meal here.(Especially the $24 Early Bird Special)UPDATE 12/19, FOOD VOYEURS.I tried to be short and sweet, but the FV deserve my very favorite $24 meal in the whole wide world, presented perfectly every time:course 1Duo of Salmon ~ some softly smoked, some raw and presented every bit as carefully as any sushi bar and served with the most delicate mesh of crispy fried potato and slight sprinkle of finely diced chives. Yes, that's right - twins, each with their own personality.course 2Roast Pork Loin ~ Always perfectly presented in a subtly seasoned medium rare, glistening with juices, on a bed of sweet mashed chestnuts, complimented by a rich, red wine sauce. Oh yeah, that's how you like it?course 3Profiteroles ~ A threesome of airy, slightly crisp puffs filled with homemade ice cream, speckled with vanilla bean and drizzled with a generous amount of "feel the burn" dark chocolate sauce. Sin on a plate.Seriously, "You're Gonna Make It After All!"P.S. Chef Phillipe is the only man I encourage to kiss my wife.
I used to run by this place when I lived in the Inner Richmond. The owner came out and gave me his business card when he saw me perusing the menu that was posted on the window. I told myself that I'd try the place...I took my boyfriend there for dinner and we were both very impressed. The food was delicious. We had the three course meal and loved each course. We ordered a bottle of french wine and even the owner took a sip with us. We loved the service and how the owner would greet every one of his patrons. I'd definitely come back.
I came back with the boyfriend the other week. It was as delicious as I remembered it to be. The little tiny cup of cauliflower soup is always a great way to start the meal. The price went up a little, as the prefix menu 1 is now $38 for 3 courses, but still well worth it.I don't think that the service is slow but the couple at the table next to us were feeling impatient about their food. You can hear everything that the table next to you is saying. The restaurant is small and comfy, although some may be displeased with the crampedness, I think it's kind of interesting. So I guess my advice is, don't come here if you have tickets for something or plans for afterwards. Our dinner took an hour and a half. I didn't even notice, but what do you expect when they have to cook three courses for you?My honey-roasted guinea fowl was a bit more filling than I thought it would be, but of course I found room to give to my long-awaited creme brulee. My first course was some sort of asparagus soup thing with...flan. I think. It was good. Not great, I like the little tiny cup-thing of cauliflower soup better but, it was still good.My date LOVED his duck salad, I kind of heard about it for the rest of the night. He also loved his pork. It was pretty tasty from the one bite I tried. And of course, he got his very own creme brulee. Sharing creme brulee was out of the question for us.Unfortunately, no owner chasing us down to give a handshake and a kiss. It was kind of silly but I was looking back as we walked out wondering why I hadn't seen him all night. It turns out that since he bought out Clementine he's been there doing his thing and his wife's been managing Chapeau. So, if you wanna see him and get your handshake and kiss, go further down the road.
My first time did not disappoint. How often can you say that?Subsquent times have been at times underwhelming.
Our server was French so half of the time I had no clue what he was saying, but I kept on nodding and smiling. We told him to surprise us with a three-course meal with wine pairing. Everything was delicious. I just hope the restaurant is not in the middle of nowhere and had more space.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I'll write a more hearty review when I have time, but this place is FABULOUS!
First off the service here is impecable. It's what all service people should aspire to. From the minute you enter everyone makes you feel really special. The food is simply the best food I've ever tasted in San Francisco, and as you know, that's saying a lot.Even better, I started coming here when i was in my early 20's. They always treated me with just as much respect (if not more) as everyone else even though I probably only can afford to go there once a year. That is class! And as a result, I have recommended the place to many other people and been a customer for over 10 years.Like all great artists they make it all look so easy, making you wonder why everyone else struggles so hard to be not even half as good.
As the name implies, Wow! Although I have heard over and over through the years what a treat this place is, I didn't quite believe it until experiencing it for myself. This is a little, unassuming gem in the Richmond. Not only does the owner and chef make a point of greeting you and saying goodbye individually, but the overall level of service is superb. For the food, we had the menu ($38 for a three course meal) and were served a complimentary amuse bouche of cauliflower coulis. We ordered a lovely Gewurtztraminer (Hugel) for our apps and then moved onto Le Galantin (Rouge) from Bandol. Menu-wise we started with:- Chevre napoleon- Warmed brie with potato dauphin and greens- Trio of salmon- Onion soupAnd onto the mains:- Lamb shank (looks like something Henry VIII would pick up and eat with his hands)- Seared seabass- Filet mignon- Perfectly cooked salmon- Tummy-warming cassoulet (dish of the southwest of France)And for dessert:- Vanilla creme brulee (perfect balance of vanilla, egg, and sugar crust)- Warm chocolate cake- Profiteroles (to rival the ones at Bofinger in Paris)Tarte grande mere (apple custard tarte). I am probably not going to point out anything that the other 300+ reviewers haven't already said. All I can say is do yourself a favor and go eat here!
didn't realize how small this place was, no wonder it was hard to get reservations. as soon as we walked in we were greeted. our table for two was in the back booth, very comfortable and somewhat private. we ordered the 4 course meal, i got the foi gras, filet minon, chocolate cake, and the fish of the day (included in 4 course meal). everything was prepared to perfection. the fois gras was one of the best i've had, it was served on top of bread dipped in olive oil and a side of sliced apples, very complementing. the fish was very good, very flavorful and moist. filet minon was juicy (medium rare). the food came out at the right time and were the right portions, my stomach was satisfied at the end and i was full but not overly stuffed.
I was greeted by Chef/Owner Philippe, which I quite liked, and I wished more chefs would introduce themselves at other restaurants (barely managed to greet my friend but that was quite alright). I arrived shortly after my 5 pm reservation, which was when the restaurant opened, and the place was almost full. Either everyone was trying to make it for the early bird (yes I went for the early bird) or they just ate that early.The Traditional Escargot de Bourgogne in Butter-Parsley & Garlic Sauce was very garlic (garlic taste still in my mouth after I gummed and brushed), butter, and salt intense. I accompanied it with the fresh, fluffy, soft, bland baguette to cut out some of the saltiness, which by the way I'm still trying to dilute out of my system.My entre, Prince Edward Island Mussels Steamed with White Wine, Shallot & Parsley, Pommes Frites & Rouille, was heavily peppered to zap the fishiness away. The broth gradually got more sour towards the end but that tends to happen from ramen to European dining. My friend described the fries as tiny versions of McDonalds, but I would disagree in that it tasted better, though some tasted bad, and probably greasier if that was possible. (Well I haven't exactly eaten McDonalds for the past two years, so forgive me if I'm wrong.) The dip tasted like fat in my mouth.Dessert tends to be my favorite part of any meal and it was my favorite of this night in relationship to the other two courses. The Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brule, Almond Tuile was creamy, rich, and HUGE. I love the caramelized top but I'm wondering if the custard portion was lacking in flavor because when I tried it without the lovely crystallized burnt sugar, I could still hardly taste the vanilla or custard flavor. When I ate it with the burnt sugar, I couldn't taste the crme at all. This wasn't my first time eating Crme Brule, but this was my first time noticing it. While I was serviced, I didn't feel rushed though there were people waiting. The waitress came by to tell us the unwritten menu items and refills of water kept coming. Chef Philippe checked on us once and gave the double cheek kiss as we exited. I saw a customer trying to read the menu with his pocket-sized blue LED light, which I thought was funny. There were two things that I felt uneasy about:1. The Chef was rarely inside the kitchen. 2. Though changing utensils after each course may be part of fine dining, I felt like I was wasting water because they all had to be washed whether used or not. We were in a state of drought just last year.
All I have to say is "Chapeau." I tip my hat to them as the French would say.Having eaten at Fleur de Lys, Restaurant Michael Mina, Fifth Floor, Boulevard, French Laundry etc. I was pleasantly surprised by the incredibly well executed food at this tiny Inner Richmond gem.I wonder how this restaurant isn't even more popular? (evidenced shows by its high scores from Yelp and Zagat).  This means I can get in more often. Yeah!!!The restaurant itself is relatively small. The tables were pushed very closely together, and intimacy was difficult, but the incredible food and reasonable prices made it worth it.  You have a choice of a 3 or 4-course menu; you get an appetizer, entree and dessert for the 3 courses and add a fish course for the 4th. They offer an early bird (excluding Friday and Saturday) menu, 3 courses for ($25.50) before 6pm.The wine list is fairly extensive, well chosen, and reasonably well priced.
This is a really fun place.  The food was really good and the price is very fair. I wish more places were like this. Very homey and great wait staff. Yes it is a little tight but it feels comfy. I had the pork and it was off the hook or chain or whatever the phrase of the month is. The whole dinner was delicious and presentation was nice too. I rarely give 5 stars out but this place deserves it. Plus I love to support local places and small businesses.Fantastic prepared dishes and portions were a good size. The chef is really cool and visits every table and then as Sammy said chased us down the street to say thank you. I thought I stole a fork or something.That is a really nice personal touch and if everyone cared about their business the same way they would have more loyal patrons.  Everything was really good. I would totally recommend this for a date or a great dinner out. Highly recommended for a nice night out. word!
good relatively cheap, and sit literally next to stranger small french restaurant run by asians. escargot and foie gras (and the carrots in the foie gras sauce) were excellent, gotta order those, no brainer.
Fantastic French food at very reasonable prices. Excellent service. Worth the high zagat rating and all the positive reviews. Everything good has been said already, but worth a reservation if you haven't been there. Most people who go there for the first time say "Wow, I never really knew about this place." Driving by, you sure wouldn't see anything that would make you stop, but given how difficult it can be to get a reservation, the secret is out.I rarely give 5-star reviews, but this place is well worth it.
Authentic French food!
How is it that 2-gajillion people have given this spot great reviews, yet no one I mention the name to seems to have heard of Chapeau!? Perhaps I need to get better friends.So foie gras is un-PC, I guess. Is it still un-PC if I eat it while sipping on sauternes? Errr, okay, I suppose it is. Sue me in the world court.While Chapeau! is not tres moderne in its style and food sensibilities, everything is done to perfection. Super-hip but rude places places need to come and study the service at Chapeau! - it just doesn't get any better. If only every restaurant was run by such nice people!
We tried this place awhile back (V-day?), I can't remember but I should write a note here to myself to remember that the service was great but the food was only fair to good. There are a LOT of positive reviews here but for me it was a meh-meh.
Simply the best! From the food, to the service, to the personal greeting by Phillippe-- this is where I go to celebrate special occassions. Try the salmon trio, the tomatoe bisque if it's on the menu, the duck breast and the profiteroles!!! It's also a great value especially if you arrive between 5pm and 6pm.
Came here for a birthday dinner with friends. The service was very attentive, food was good but not outstanding. I had the lamb chops which where cooked and seasoned nicely, but not the best I've had. For dessert, I had the french toast. It was average at best, and tasted more like something I could get at Ihop. I would dine here again but would not go out of my way to come back.
I really like Chapeau, it's so sweet and petite but the food definitely makes a statement, really tasty and lovely. I recently took a friend there for her birthday and we had a great time giggling and sipping Champagne. It's really cute when they serve you the check in a Chapeau!
Too small! Too many people go there! The food is far too good! Why don't they have a decent website? Who's kidding who? They don't need one! This is probably one of the best restaurants in Northern California, if not the entire west coast! If they had a venue the size of Fleur de Lys, they'd undoubtedly fill it every night! So knock down a wall or two and give your customers some elbow room! The chef is so obviously a genius - give him a larger audience!
French bistro, tried their game hen (poussin) and veal shortbread, yum
I was fooled by the plain,store front exterior, but once I walked beyond the velvet green curtain, I was pleasantly surprised and welcomed graciously to this cozy, little French restaurant. Seated at our tables by the highly attentive waitstaff, my friend, other guests, and I were all personally greeted by the owner. When menus arrived, we both selected from the three course menu, which one could select from an array of choices. I had the deep fried tiger prawn shrimp, monkfish, and vanilla bean creme brulee. Oooh lala...food was all very delicious!Satisfied, filled, emptied pocket (a little on the pricey side), we ended our meal. But as we left, we were literally, chased out the door by the owner yet again for a final goodbye-a cheek to cheek kiss to thank us for our patronage. Gosh, the French are so friendly.
Love this place! We were greeted by one of the chef's when we walked in. The whole staff was very friendly. The food was amazing. Very relaxed, unpretentious setting. Cant wait to be back!
GOD DAMN!! but the food was great! I tried their vegetarian serving for the evening and it was well worth it. Word of caution, however. This happens to be one of those restaurants that pack 'em in. We were so close to the people at the table next to us, that private conversation was, impossible. That is definitely not something I look forward to at a restaurant. Five stars none the less because this doesn't turn off most people.
I've been wowed. I haven't been wowed in awhile. It feels good. Every dish came out perfectly seasoned with fresh popping ingredients. The $25.50 Early Bird Special for 3 courses will make me go back sooner then later. The owner gave me two kisses on the cheek. I kind of liked it. Don't tell my boyfriend.
Chapeau restaurant in SF -- perhaps the best French food in Bay Area. Shall be at least 1 Michelin star, maybe two.
4 1/2 stars!The layout of the restaurant is a little bizarre. I ran in because I was late for my reservation and found myself right in the middle of the dining area and luckily someone acknowledged me, otherwise I would have ran back out! The interior is minimally decorated, but from what I could tell it is decorated in a southern French style: wheat, lavender, and warm colors. Our waitress was cute and recommended the perfect wine for my appetizer.I devoured my foie gras in two bites. I wanted to order another one, but I figured I would save that for my next visit to Chapeau! The amuse buche was delicious (I forgot the name of the soup). The main dishes we ordered were the Cassoulet de Toulouse and pork chops. I was a little disappointed with the cassoulet, but everything else was great.I spoke French with Philippe upon leaving, but I only managed to mumble a few words because I was so nervous :(
Classic French food and everything was delicious!
this place was ok don't know what the hype was about, came from oakland to try this place, hard to find parking. got there they sat us next to the door ask to be move but they say other tables were reserve thats fine but when we left the tables were still empty. food was decent service was good but for the price i think i'll try some other places.
I love Phillipe. Half the time I don't even know what he is saying, but I smile enthusiastically and say "Yes! Sounds great!" For all I know, he is probably saying:"Tu as grossi!!" (You've put on weight!).....or..."Tu me peles le jonc" (You get on my nerves)Regardless, I just want him to keep talking. It sounds remarkably profound and, well, french! He is in the top 5 highest rated chefs in town. His food is incredible, as is his service. He greets his clients outside and always runs out of the kitchen to say goodbye to them. Once he chased us down the street for two blocks. (Perhaps it was because in a food coma frenzy we forgot to pay the bill...but regardless, I love the personalized attention!)My BF made him laugh...which resulted in complimentary dessert. We are skeptical people and proceeded to eye other tables to make sure THEY didn't get the complimentary dessert and that, in fact, WE were the truly special ones. Confirmed - we're the shizzle. Phillipe has two pre-fixe menus: 3 courses for $35 or 4 courses for $42. The food is no worse than Danko, at a third of the price. I had the foie gras, the bacon-wrapped veal with garlic mashed potatoes, and the apple tart. BF had the warm brie, the steak, and the chocolate delight. We had to be rolled out of there. In parting, Phillipe asked:"On t'a berc trop prs du mur?" I don't know what it means, but I nodded and gave him two kisses.
One of my favorite French restaurants in San Francisco.I want to bring all of my friends here one by one, two by two, whatever it takes until everyone I know can enjoy the precious dining experience of Chapeau!...The warm hospitality, the succulent and delicate flavors, the quaint and down to earth ambiance, the passion of the host/chef, the superb service--what else is there to say?I had the mesclun salad, salmon, and prailine cake. My partner had the scallop tasting fish, oysters, the monkfish, and the trio of sorbets. All were wonderful, not overpowering, heartwarming and delicious.Phillipe (host/chef) recommended a wonderful bottle of wine for us, and greeted us heartily upon our arrival and departure. What everyone writes about him is true--he's a real French gentleman.How else to compare this restaurant with others?Aqua is like the fabulous one night stand with a rock star---one who is unattainable, not one you'd not settle down with, but will always stand out in your mind.Chapeau! is the one you fell in love with, the one who became your best friend as well as lover--and best of all, being with them is the promise of a lifetime of one night stands.Go to Chapeau! to remember your French holidays, indulge yourselves, and remember not only what good French food is all about, but also how it should be enjoyed.
We love you Phillipe. We try various restaurants each weekend and keep coming back to you! For the price and the QUALITY of the food you eat here...we are ALWAYS impressed. We keep telling ourselves when we go to other restaurants not to compare...but we do. Each course here is spectacular. My husband did the fish tasting the last time we were there and it was this perfectly cooked scallop. I tasted it and chased down the server to add one for me. It was melt in your mouth liike butter baby! Portions are great...price is right and quality is superb...and hey ladies you can get a smooch on the way out. :)
Wow, I am new to Yelp, but not new to this restaurant. I try not to add reviews to restaurants that have over 30 reviews, but I can't help it at Chapeau!. I will spare you my reviews on the food, you can read the 100+ others that talk about the menu. My first foray into this restaurant was in 2001, while I spent some time working in the SF bay area. On my company's expense account, I have hit up all the foody restaurants with the exception of Gary Danko. Everything else that was a Zagat 26+ on food in SF, Berkeley and Oakland, I basically tried at least once. Chapeau wasn't on an expense account, and it doesn't need to be. My friend suggested it, and at the time it was a Zagat 22 on food. (I'm not saying Zagat is the ultimate source by any means...it is now a 26). It was a remarkable experience. The food, wine list, service, Phillipe's hand shakes, kisses on the cheeks, everything about it was NOT what I had come to know for restaurants in the area. He and his wife make this place what it is...different, original, friendly, and a place you are welcome. Yeah it is cramped and sometimes hard to get a table, but not too hard. Since my first experience, I've been back there at least 15 times...with half of those times coming after I left the bay area. Every trip back requires a visit to Chapeau! Every friend that asks me what restaurant to go to, I say, "Well there is a place...my favorite place...it isn't in a fancy area...and don't be scared by the French guy..." and the praises go on and on.I love this restaurant and when I went back for my last visit in Nov 2006, I was more excited to see this place, taste the food, say hello to Phillipe and his wife...then to go to French Laundry. They make this restaurant that special.
This place is such a gem! Every dish is a surprise. Presentation is what you would expect, but OMG the taste! Tiny piece of food gives off hugh flavor. Different layers placed in a way to first give off subtle flavor then the stronger punch! This is just the description of the amuse! I can go on forever but I highly recommand you try it yourself.
We went here for our anniversary a few years ago. I was little confused over the location of the restaurant, and the decor, because I was personally not impressed, but once I tasted the food my tune started to change. When we arrive at Chapeau for dinner, the restaurant was almost completely full, and it was relatively early. We had a reservation, so i was a little disappointed with our extremely small table, and the close proximity of the tables to our left and right. It made the experience feel forced, rushed, and non-special. Unfortunately, this was a rough start to the night, but we told the hostess we'd like to wait for a more secluded table. Once we were sat somewhere more reasonable, I was able to concentrate on my amazing meal. This was the first time I'd ever tried Sweet Breads, and Foie Gras, and both were amazing, and the presentation was excellent. I could see why this place is so popular. It would be nice to feel less crammed for a return visit.
At first you're sure you're on the right block..Then walked back and forth...Now not so sure anymore...Out of nowhere a tiny little piece of paper taped to the window appears...Written with a Sharpie- "Chapeau"What the...? Oh well, shrugged it off and walked inside. The chef (I'm assuming owner as well) greeted us personally, which was nice. The food is great and a great priced prix fixe menu.What more can you ask for in a French Restaurant?
This is now at the Clementine location, still cozy tightly packed tables.The food is always good! Ive never had a complaint with the food so tasty and nice portions.We were regulars coming here quite often with the boyfriend and taking visitors here having birthday dinners here and did love it. At one point we were here at least twice a month or more. The last two times we went the service just was not there taking orders wrong not checking in with us, not even pouring our wine the last time we went. We did bring our own bottles and so did our friends we paid $18 corkage on each bottle and i poured every glass not once did the waiter.I'm sad to say probably wont be back here anytime soon alone or with guests.
I've never had a bad meal here and every meal feels so special in this lovely place. Honestly, after 21 gazillion reviews, I'm not sure I have more to say. We came here to celebrate our engagement and we'll be back for more special occasions. Besides the food, I definitely look forward to the warm, unpretentious service from the whole team and the kiss from the chef!
My sisters adore this place, so every so often we come here to celebrate either a birthday or graduation or promotion or something. I really learned to like the place myself. I like dirty dark cheap places. My room is dirty and dark and filled with cheap things. Chapeau is not dirty or dark, but I wouldn't say they cost an arm and a leg considering the quality of food they serve. Ive had almost everything on their menu by now split between my family and I over the years. I would try and mention one particular item but everything is always delicious, the appetizers are sumptuous and the entrees savory. The desserts never cease to impress me everytime.
GF's birthday was at this location. I found the food to be really good. A little on the pricy side, but quality comes at a price! The service was really good, the food came out in a timed manor. It could have been a few minutes quicker, but there wasn't a terribly long wait.
Food is great, but service is so so. It's super loud and seating is uncomfortable. Of course, the price is less than other French restaurants, so you're not paying for service/decor. The hostess will let you stand there for a while before she acknowledges your presence coz she's too busy with other stuff.
These guys need to bring the "French" back into their French Restaurant.After reading a ton of great reviews of this place I booked it for my fiance and I for valentines day.  $100 per person not including drinks so I thought we were in for a real trip back to France.  We were both exited to go as we had been to Clementine last year which we enjoyed tremendously, which is apparently owned by the same person as Chapeau.Anyhow, the hosts and service staff were very polite and attentive and did their job well. However, from what I could tell, all of the service staff were either Asian or Latino. That was the first bummer, we were all set to try out our french and there was no one to converse with. The meal was paced well and we were allowed to take our time and we really appreciated this. This was starting to feel a little more French.A real downer was the staffs lack of knowledge of french wines.  In my opinion French wines are like mysteries that need to be explained to truly appreciate each unique bottle. We were advised by a very well intentioned Asian gentleman to try a Grand Cru from the Bordeaux region. We were told it was very "smooth", which I kinda chuckled when I heard that. Anyhow, I asked what grapes comprised the wine and he was not able to tell me. When I pressed him on it he said Cabernet. Any of you wine buffs out there know that French wines are mostly blends, that is part of their craft and pride. He just didn't know what he was talking about and did not bother to find out for me.  I was thinking, IS THIS REALLY A FRENCH RESTAURANT? That bummed me out.Now to the food, I enjoyed the appetizers, the blini with caviar and salmon in pastry was very nice, they both featured the fish very well and did not overpower the intent. The oyster was good but I would have expected it in a restaurant know for Ceviche more than French food. On to the pancetta wrapped fish on risotto, this was good but not great. After the fish, they served us a filet mignon with truffle butter, asparagus and mashed parsnip. This pairing was excellent and in my opinion a perfectly balanced classic french entree, very nicely done.Dessert must have been uneventful as I cannot recall what we had.So this is my take, If your going to ask $350 for a French meal for two, I would expect that all of the elements come together perfectly. Knowledgeable French staff, excellent French wine with someone who knows and understands French wine, Slow French Pace to let us enjoy our meal and of course delicious French Food. I would have been down to say this meal should have fetched about $150 bones at best. So I am giving Chapeau 3 stars, wish it were better, but these guys need to bring the "French" back into their French Restaurant.
Went there last night/Thurs. I have no idea why people like this place. Maybe if your snobby and have no taste buds? I should have left after the bread came. A french place that serves the WORST french bread. Flavorless. Completely flavorless and overly bleached. The food was mediocre at best and considering the price, the portion size was a little small, how much does a f'n pear cost? I started with the french onion soup, and I have to say I'd pick the frozen one at trader joes over theirs any day. The duck breast which came w/ a sweet peppercorn sauce, an icecream scoop of polenta, 4 tiny asparagus 3 mini MINI slices of pear, and 5 grapes. okayyyy. It wasn't anything special, but at least they didn't over cook it. I would have given it 2 stars but the dessert was HORRIBLE i had the chocolate cake which was way overcooked and that in combination with using way too much coffee to "enhance" the chocolate resulted in a burnt flavor. The caramel also was very burnt tasting (not good intentional burnt orange or anything either). The only thing that was okay was the wine list and I'm sure there's someone out there extremely knowledgeable about old world wines who would say mehhh? Wouldn't go back or ever recommend it. The presentation was lacking as well. Over all, outdated. Decent service though. Felt the need to write a review since this place has a higher rating than my favorite restaurant.
Came here to treat our departing manager to dinner as recommended by my co-worker.The place is on the small scale, so seating tends to be quiet crowded. Ambiance & decor is simple and elegant. Because of the small scale, it's rather noisy. We were seated right by the entrance, so when the crowd startedI had the prix-fixed 3 course menu (you'll save a few dollars). I had the (Mesclun Salad with Crme Dijonnaise, Red Seedless Grapes, Pistachio, Fried Camembert & Walnut Bread) ($10.50) - delicious! The size of the serving can make this an entree. I had the (Louisiana Gulf Wild Flounder, Mashed Potatoes, Braised Leeks, P.E.I. Mussels & Manila Clams, Asparagus en Tranches, Mussels-Saffron Sauce) ($23.50) for my entree. The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious. And for dessert, I had the Tahitienne Vanilla Bean Crme Brle ($8.50), it was okay, nothing extraordinary.Overall, a nice destination for a dinner date.
I've only been here once..not because it is expensive or lacks quality. In fact, Chapeau! is probably one of the best bang-for-buck French places I've ever been to. I've only been here once because it's so great it should be reserved for special occassions. Chapeau! is easy to miss given its small size and unassuming facade. As you enter through the door you are greeted by the chef and a roomful of patrons crowded into its not so large dinning area. Chapeau! has a fantastic fix-price menu (3 or 4 courses) for between $35-45. The portions are exactly the right amount and the tastes are perfectly matched and balanced. I look forward to the next time I get to go to Chapeau!Went here for the 2nd time today. As good as the first time. I would sum up Chapeau as "As tasty as Gary Danko but half the price."
Very crowded but very nice restaurant on Clement and 15th or so. Can't even tell its there until you go inside the big thick curtain at the front door. Service is very good and the food is EXCEPTIONAL. On top of that there is free parking on nearby streets and its right in my neighborhood in the Richmond district. Hard to find a restaurant like this in the middle of nowhere.Its right up there with the expensive french restaurants in downtown but minus the size, parking problems, and ambiance. It is cozy and comfortable.Prices are very reasonable for a restaurant of this class. You can expect about $40-60 per person without wine. I believe they even have a Pri Fixe (excuse my speeling) early bird 3 course for under $30 if you go sometime between 5pm and 6pm (better ask them to be sure).Philippe the owner is always warm and welcoming and always greets us when arriving. Sometimes he won't get to you when you are leaving because he is very busy but once we have been chased down the street to thank us for going. A very nice and charming owner that I am happy to give my business to.Casual clothing is totally OK at any of Philippe's restaurants (including Clementine on ~3rd and Clement). Their only rule is no cell phone use inside the restaurants.Reservations are recommended at least early on in the evening that you plan to go to be sure to get a seat.
The other night I went to Chapeau for a special celebration | occasion. Me and my friend walk into a totally crowded restaurant on a Friday evening, not one visible seat available and the chef comes up, smiles sincerely (not one of those horrible "pleasant bullshit" smiles...) and seats us in a comfortable table immediately. The waiter told us the specials, knew what wine to recommend with the food we ended up ordering for a reasonably price. I have to say this which is fantastic compared to the usual blow off (when no one knows didley about the wine the place is offering) of, "well... what you you likkkeee???" Everyone there (save one waiter) was sincere, kind, liked their job and seemed really spot on about everything. There were no frazzled waiters or huffing puffing (pain in the ass) customers and the chef was walking around, hanging out, not having to supervise his well run kitchen. I will definitely go there again. The food was memorable. I recommend their baked foie gras and their cassoulet, which was amazing. I could go on and on, but then you would not try it yourself and see. I wish there was a 4.5 rating.Hats off to chapeau!
We ate here last month for two birthdays. I'd been wanting to try this place out for two years or more and finally made it on a Saturday for dinner. First let me say the food is a solid four stars. Very good but not mind blowing awesome. Service was good, but you can really tell who's a regular there because they are much friendlier and pay more attention to their meals. I guess if I was a regular I would love that. But I was not.Two of us had the prime rib special which was $80 for two. The meat was melt in your mouth outstanding. It was enough for us, but if you are used to the super large portions at some steak houses you will be disappointed.The other main course was the skatewing. It was good, but I have had much better fish dishes at a number of places.Appetizer was the salmon.Very fresh. Dessert was a hazlenut mousse thing. {I think} It was light and fluffy, but another dish that was just good, not knock your socks off great.We had three glasses of wine, two lychee {sp?} martinis, three entrees, one appetizer and one dessert. The total with tax and tip was $240. For my money I want fabulous food for that amount. Oh, also the head waiter/wine guy was a little snotty. I've had friendlier wait staff in Paris.All in all if spending that amount of money was something I did all of the time I would come back...but I don't so I am on to the next must eat at restaurant on my list.
Delightful!I was treated to dinner here by my friend Denise L., and it was everything you would expect in a fine dining experience, minus the extravagant prices.The tables are very close together, and there is so much white linen that I felt like we were on board a luxury train in some forgotten era. The expertise of the wait staff also had this old-world feeling - they were nearly invisible in their service, but impeccable at anticipating and filling our needs. The place does not actually scream "French", which I liked (and honestly, from the name of the place I was scared that it might) - it just has an overall elegant yet very local feeling.The food was perfection in its preparation, presentation, and flavor. We started with the amuse-bouche of chilled melon soup, and a couple of glasses of yummy Cabernet champagne.We both decided on the $35 menu: which included an appetizer, main course, and dessert.Course 1:Me: Heirloom Tomato Salad - big, ripe slices of heirloom tomatoes in an olive oil and orange vinaigrette with toasted pine nuts. Fresh and bursting with flavor - with just a hint of orange for complexity. Delicious.Denise: Mixed Green Salad - exceptionally fresh greens in a vinaigrette with Laura Chenel goat cheese both in bites in the salad and in the dressing. Lovely.Course 2:Me: Veal Wrapped in Bacon - beautiful dish - large fillet of veal prepared med-rare, with bacon wrapped around it and topped with a sauteed sweetbread, all atop a portion of creamy garlic mashed potatoes. The whole thing was surrounded by a wine/brown sauce with mushrooms and cipollini onions - the smell of it as it was set down on the table was so powerful that the diner next to me (and by next to me, I mean practically sitting on my lap!) asked me what the dish was. It went beautifully with the earthy glass of Bordeaux that I savored.Denise: Petit Poussin - tender pieces of poussin served atop julienned vegetables - truthfully, I was so into my dish, I barely remember this one except that I thought it was very good.Course 3:Me: Apple Tarte Grand-Mere - again, perfect. Ultra thin layers of apple atop a custard filling, all in a shortbread crust. Served with a dollop of hazelnut ice cream.Denise: Warm Chocolate Cake - oooooozing dark chocolate, and great quality chocolate at that. Served with a dollop of vanilla ice creamThe chef Philippe Gardelle greeted us at the table soon after we arrived, and then again as we were leaving. It's nice to feel that you are truly appreciated, and I know we had genuine smiles on our faces after our wonderful dinner.Great place for a date, dinner with the parents, catching up with a friend, or an upscale celebration. The intimate nature of the restaurant makes it challenging for children. Portions are ample but not overpowering, which we appreciated. Definitely a great value considering the high level of service, quality, and overall experience. This is a smooth operation, and they are experts in the dining experience. The loyal clientele that had the place constantly full on a Tuesday night is an testament to Chapeau!'s word-of-mouth reputation as a great find in a less obvious neighborhood.I can't wait until my next visit - merci, Denise! Merci, Chapeau!!
OK so we ate here for valentines day and it was a set six course French meal. Both of us had never eaten French food before and we were very happy. First off its a small place with a full bar and nice wine selection. The tables are pretty close together but the service is excellent. Our first course was a tuna tartare. It was really really good. Second course was a beet (yea beet) carppachio with candied walnuts and goat cheese and it was bomb. Third course was roasted quail served over a mizune salad, the quail had nice crispy skin and tender flavorful meat and the salad was light and citrusy. Fourth course was monkfish over a lobter Risotto with a parmesan tweel, I liked the flavors of the fish and Risotto but she didn't care for it much. Fifth course was a beef medallion over scallopped potatoes with a red wine reduction sauce and also on the plate was a big bone with a spoon in it to eat the marrow. This plate was the best so far. About midway through our meal before we were served this course the chef himself came to our table and asked us how we'd like our beef cooked I told him to make it the way he likes it so I got rare and she got Med tame then he even convinced us to get two glasses of wine. The meat was delicious. And the bone marrow was interesting but tasty. Its a bit texterally unpleasant but if that's not a probably for you then you'd. Like it. Last for dessert we received a pear panna cotta with. A cookie. It was the perfect light cold dessert to end the meal. We look forward to coming back and trying the reg menu which is why I'm only giving it 4 stars. Its a little pricey but def a nice place to eat French food for a nice romantic dinner.
Price point is pretty good, but foie gras is kind of oily but acceptable. Still would go back to try other dishes. Service is pretty good. Chef came out to greet us when we go in and when we leave.
-nice ambiance-wait staff very nice-go ther early for their "early bird special" about $25 per person (comes with choice of appetizer, entree, dessert)-if your entire group orders the early birdspecial, mix and match your desserts (one yummy creme brulee is rich enough for four people)-i've never had "grilled" escargot, I have to see I prefer it grilled the way the prepared it than the way I've usually eaten this delicacy (basically drenched in garlic butter). they have roasted garlic & garlic confit to eat with the 2 skewers of snails. YUM!-duck looked small, but it was enought! it's very rich and went well with the pears, I couldn't even finish it because it was so rich. if they served it a little warmer, I might have eaten the whole thing- they give you your bill in a "chapeau" every table gets a different one-highlight! amuse bouche of asparagus soup with sesame puff pastry bread stick! yum! free & unexpected!-would definitely eat here again especially for their early bird special-reservations can be made via opentable
I really don't have much else to say that the entire Yelp! community hasn't already said about this place. The food is great, the price is phenomenal, the service and staff are super nice and loads of fun and I love how the chef comes out and says hello to every single table. Love the deco,  Blah blah blah.What I haven't read though (and I haven't read every review, sorry) is how freaking kick ass the prime-rib here is. Gadzooks... it's far better than House of Prime Rib (overrated IMO), it's better than Izzy's... it's some honest to goodness good eating people. You have to pre-order it when you make reservations, or good luck getting it. It's juicy and flavorful; seriously not a bad bite on the whole thing. FYI, when I ate there, if you order a la carte, it's $35pp and it's for 2 people. But, if you order with a prix fixe, then it's a $6 supplemental. The whole menu is pretty much can't miss. Do yourself a favor and try the prime rib. It's amazing, it really is. The only, and ONLY problem is that Chapeau is incredibly loud. It's small, and crowded, and I feel like I'm yelling to be heard. But given all the positives, it's a minor gripe to be sure.
Amazing service, amazing food (four months later, I *still* think about those lamb chops), and a great price for both. My only complaint is that the place can get noisy, and that the tables are somewhat claustrophobic. This is still the place to beat on my and the bf's list! And yes, we did indeed get a kiss from Philippe!
Absolutely one of the best restaurants that I have ever dined at.Before I set foot into this fine establishment I assumed it would be like other French restaurants with snooty waiters, outrageous prices, and portions you'd have to see through a magnifying glass; however, that could not have been further from the truth.Chapeau! is easy to miss since it's a lone restaurant in the residential area of the Richmond district. I've lived close to this neighborhood for 17 years and never noticed this place.The staff was very attentive right from the moment you pass through the entrance adorned with a heavy black curtain which makes the place feel more exclusive. Inside, the walls are a cute country scene painted in pastels, one can't help but admire this artwork.I was expecting only to order dessert; however, my friend decided to go for the three course prix fixe dinner instead so I said "why not" and did the same. I'm glad I did, because I would have miss out on a spectacular meal. For the appetizer I had the Jumbo Tiger Prawns which was absolutely delicious, lightly fried with a wasabi sauce. My main course was a huge veal medallion wrapped in beacon with I believe was a lentil puree. Dessert was the hot chocolate cake. It takes 30 minutes to prepare. but well worth the wait. Chapeau! was a great experience and I will definitely make it a monthly tradition to go there.
Go here. Now. Go now. And get the fois gras appetizer. AMAZING!! I forgot to write a review right after I tried Chapeau so I don't remember exactly what my entree was called but it was a bean casserole and it was lovely. Great wine list and excellent service. I was in town visiting so I don't know what the neighborhood is generally known for, but it seemed pretty sleepy, would have been nice to be able to have a drink afterwards but other than that, this was a great experience. Definitely deserving of all 5 stars.
great food for the price and great food in general! came here and happened to catch their Sunday through Thursday "happy hour" special of $25.50 for a 3 course meal between 5 - 6 PM and it was probably the best $25.50 I've EVER spent on french food! this place is amazing and definitely one to try.
Excellent classic French cooking. Tend to be on the rich and heavy side.Table are packed together and the place can get noisy.
I went here a few years ago, so I don't remember what I ordered. I just remember the restaurant being quite small - where you could hear conversations from the people around you.
Warning: As this is a review for a French restuarant, I'm going to be just a tiny bit saccharine and liberally litter my high school French phrases alllll over. I went here over two years ago and I still think this charming little place contains some of the most genuine and tummy-warming French food ever. The menu fixe was completely affordable and tres magnifique, aound 25-30 for a 3 course meal, si je me souviens correctment. Not in-your-gut filling, dut definitely enough to sate you. Even the appetizer (a goose pate with baguette) was scrumptious.What I loved the most was the jolly owner of the place who individually European double-kissed every person (sans les hommes) and obliterated all the French-are-rude stereotypes in my head. Sure, it's for his business, but I'll buy into it happily. It makes for a more unique and personable dining experience.The interior is warmly lit and romantic, if a bit crowded. Mais c'est parfait, la nourriture! I'm still waiting to go there to this day.
I am new to San Francisco and I have been to Chapeau! twice already. Once on a dinner date with my boyfriend and the second time his father, brother and a friend came along. It was our recommendation for dinner. We chose the 4 course meal both times. For the appetizer I ordered Oyster on the Half Shell and I loved it soo much! I Love the Trou Normand palate cleanser. For my main I had the Cassoulet de Toulouse. Which was way too much for a girl like me to eat so my boyfriend had the amazing left overs for lunch the next day. And of course I had room for dessert, the Warm Chocolate Cake Mmmm! .. I can never turn down chocolate. Over all the dining experience was lovely, the staff is so helpful, warm and inviting. The head chef really tops it off, every single person who leaves gets a personal goodbye from him which I think adds so much to the dining experience. The first time my boyfriend and I went he practically sprinted to us before we left to say goodbye.. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!
when you take french food and add on great service, this place certainly deserves a great review. the service was wonderful and very attentive to detail, the servers even addressed us by our last name.for a valentine's dinner with my GF, i think this place is a bargain amongst other french restaurants. the bill was perfect, not too cheap and not too expensive. then again, we didn't order any drinks. i had the french onion soup and duck breast, each one was delicious and beautifully arranged on the plate. the cassoulet that my GF had was delicious and hearty for such a cold night. the lamb definitely warmed my body couple degrees higher after the night.the desserts are a must and don't forget the hat! after all, the bill arrives in one anyway. =)
Thanks to my dad's buddy for turning us on to this place! The experience was wonderful; elegant without being stuffy, welcoming but not hovering. Reminiscent of a small french restaurant in Seattle where the chef is similarly interested in giving the impression he is personally having you over for dinner only the food in Chapeau is significantly better.Apparently I started this review 6 months ago and promptly forgot about it. What I do remember is the filet mignon with foie gras that was meltingly amazing. Went with the Prix Fixed so it had to add a few dollars for that particular entre, well worth it. I don't recall the specifics of the rest of the food other than we thoroughly enjoyed the meal, the wine was great and we had a really good time. Now why didn't I give it a 5, it's a tad crowded. This wouldn't have been a big deal except for the ridiculously loud group a few tables over?Overall, very recommended; a better meal and atmosphere for less money than many of the fine dining establishments out there.
This place has a charm I cannot resist. Despite it's setbacks, I like it here.Sure, the decor is French Marshalls discount store: frilly wall murals, bright lighting.  So what! Sure, the tables are one on top of another. But hey, that means good eavesdropping AND the fun of shocking your neighbor with inappropriate conversation.  Sure, the space is small, with no waiting area. So don't arrive early for your reservation: that way you won't have to wait next to the bathrooms like we did.Food is comforting, predictable-ish Frenchy.  Basically the same menu I remembered from eating here a year ago. But that can be a good thing. Even I can get tired or aggressively seasonal, ever-constant menu changes. Because sometimes I want the same old thing.Same old thing as of last night was cassoulet. I remember it being ideal - and because I'm planning on making my own this coming weekend, I needed to be inspired.To my disappointment, the cassoulet was not the textbook image of perfection I envisioned. It was a bit soupy - the beans had not given off that creamy starchiness that binds everything together. Lamb advertised was undetectable. Tomato flavors were too pronounced. And no crusty top layer, with breadcrumbs sprinkled as a seeming afterthought.But I sense this was a one-off fall from grace. Because everything else was delicious: simple salad with sweet-ish dijon-y dressing, amazing melted brie on potato pancake with nicely dressed bitter greens and walnuts; richly savory filet mignon even despite my friend's request to cook it (gasp) medium-well. Molten chocolate cake was a perfect rendition of this often-bastardized dessert.And how could you not love the owner? He is charming. He kisses you on both cheeks. He has chosen an excellent wine list brimming with reasonable, interesting bottles. He cares.  And it shows.
every single time i go there it's a great dining experience.reliable, friendly, PROFESSIONAL service. and great food.if the portion looks small on the plate, you're always full when you finish.i will always come back for more.if you end up feeling disappointed with your evening, speak with the chef- he will personally attend to you. he actually seems to care about his customers. amazing.
The GBU (Good, Bad, Ugly review)The Good1. Excellent food for the money. We're talking Masa's or close to Gary Danko level.2. In a funky location, but decent parking availability3. Good wine selection4. Chef comes out to greet you and seems interested in your satisfaction5. It looks like they are consistently good - b/c most of the patrons are regulars and they were packed.6. $38 for an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Good deal.The Bad1. Sitting near the front door sucks, wear a sweater - if you're near the door2. Space is small, they somehow cram over 30 people in a very tight space - but it's not uncomfortable.3. Service can be slow, it was a 3 hour dinner, very long. The waiter told me to order the chocolate cake early in the meal, b/c it takes 30 minutes to make it - it was 2.5 hours later when I got it - that's pretty freakin' long.The Ugly1. It's Clement street - crazy drivers, and nothing else around and not pretty. But you're inside most of the time, so no big.
I had the pleasure of eating here last night with friends and it was great. The service was good and the food was excellent. I did not think it was heavy at all and they even gave us a complimentary soup, I am not sure what it was called. The chef does indeed kiss you when you leave and he even came by the table to say hello before we ordered our food. The prices are reasonable; they have a nice $25 special before 6 pm. I plan on going again on a date or with friends. It is a very small place so I would recommend making reservations.BTW, I had the pork tenderloin and beet salad. For desert I opted for the sherbet.
4 1/2 STARS!! I am SO glad that I finally got to try this place! The food and service is absolutely amazing!!! I loved everything about it! (I'll explain the missing 1/2 later.) I had the pleasure to enjoy this fabulous meal with Liz S. last night. We both had the $35 3 course meal. I was impressed by the prices, but I have to admit it worried me a bit about the food. I started with the mesclun salad with mixed greens, beets, candies walnuts and goat cheese. It was delicious! The dressing was perfect and the cheese was not too overpowering. All the ingredients were de-constructed on the side of the plate and the mixed greens and cheese were in the middle. Great presentation!For my entree I had the petit poussin. The poussin was cut in 4 baby pieces with the bone and it was roasted with lavender and honey. It was so moist and flavorful. It was served over a bed of spatzel and julienned vegetables. The entire dish was fabulous! For dessert, I had the warm chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream! The chocolate oozed out and in the middle was a small piece of banana. I LOVED every bite! The perfect molten cake, moist inside and brownie like texture on the outside.Now, why the missing half star? The place is way too small! We were literally sitting next to the tables nearby! It felt more like a table for 6 versus 2! Overall, everything else was great! The service was amazing too! It's so nice when the chef kisses to good bye as you leave! Again, for $35 it was a steal!
I think i'm in love! Great service, and excellent food. We had two glasses of Pinot, the mussels, black tiger prawns, two filet mignons, and the french toast with hazelnut ice cream, and I recommend everything we ate. Even the complimentary bread was good! My boyfriend must have eaten a whole baguette! The bill was only about $100. I think Chapeau is definitely worth trying.
Chapeau undoubtedly serves up some amazing French fare, as evidenced by the rave reviews you see on this page. However, for me, what I love, in addition to the excellent foods, are the justified prices and impeccable service. If you are looking for a fancy, eat and be seen, rude and uneducated service- type of evening, then this is not the place for you. The staff make great suggestions that should be taken into consideration as they do this only to make your overall experience even more enjoyable.
the longest dinner of my life=one of the greatest dinners of my life.I took my family here for Fathers Day. In store for us was a slow(by slow I mean carefully orchestrated and relaxing) feast of awesome. From the kir royales made at the table ,to the chocolate souffle'y thing for dessert I was in heaven. The duck confit salad=radness.My cassoulet was out of this world.we got there at 630 and didn't get out of there till close to midnight,but it was well worth it. The head chef was so nice and even gave me a hug and a kiss as I was leavingVIVRE LA FRANCE
What can I say that hasn't already been said? Well, I'll try. To offer a 38$ pre fixe menu is wonderful, especially in these times. I always want to have a delicious meal, French of course, but I end up spending $300+ with wine and courses etc, so I tend to hold back until a special occasion comes around. I was so welcomed when we walked through the curtain. We were offered a seat in the back, and it was private a great. Even though the room is small, it was large with life. The service was spot on (as a former French food server) and I felt like everything came at the perfect time. No overlapping dishes, or pushy timing. For 2 people we got to try - Seared Foie Gras, Sweetbreads, Duck and Cassoulet. I could barely fit in 2 bites of the desserts that came with our menu. Profiteroles and a Chocolate and banana flambee fondant cake with hazelnut ice cream.The wine pairings were great and not too pricey. We only spent $150 and it was worth every penny. I felt like I went to Napa and spent $500. I can't wait to go back!
Outstanding restaurant, from the undoubtedly French matre d' to the helpful yet unobtrusive servers to the simply amazing food. A culinary delight with a wine list to match (solid selection of French and Californian). Their onion soup was wonderful, steak was perfect and the desert, my favorite Crme brle, was nothing short of divine! The atmosphere was cozy, reminiscent of Europe, but unlike Europe - the service did not suck. Highly Recommend!
3.75 stars for the food. It was tasty and reasonably priced.1.75 stars for the service. We had to wait over 30 minutes past our reservation time to be seated. We asked for water and that took about 20 minutes more. Then it got worse. Our server kept pushing wine on us (when we had already ordered a bottle). Then they forgot to bring one of our courses (and didn't apologize - the server said "oops, i forgot to order it"). THEN they brought out the wrong entree for our friend. By that time we had been waiting so long our friend accepted the wrong entree and once we were finished with our main courses the server brought out what our friend had ordered so he felt compelled to eat two main dishes. To appologize they brought out a dessert that nobody wanted at the end of the meal. Since food counts for more than service 3 stars overall.
Would have given it 3 and a half stars, but they did some sort of switch-o -roo where they switched the mains on the bill to make it come out to be more even though although only one of us got the prix fix. When we asked about it, we were told they would fix it "next time". It wasnt too much, like 15 bucks or so but, that kind of stuff irritates me. The food was good, and the salmon appetizer was great. Mabye we will give it another chance when we're there next time, but there are so many great places to eat in SF, we'll have to see...
I love Chapeau! I love that almost their entire staff are French, I love that the owner personally greets every customer and makes you feel welcome, I love the food, I love the small setting, I love that the check is delivered in a chapeau (hat) and I love that the menu asks to not use your cell phone to preserve the experience. The food is amazing, it's not as pretty and uniquely presented as Fleur De Lys but at the end of the day taste is #1, not presentation, and Chapeau! wins it. Where's their Michelin star?? Visited twice so far and loved it both times as did the entire (very nitpicky) group of diners that accompanied me. My one mistake this last visit was ordering the Floating Island for dessert. The dessert itself is gorgeous which is why I ordered it after seeing it on its way to another table but it was a bit of a let down. I won't dock points since it was a special and might still be in the development stage. Nevertheless, I'll be back!
What's amazing: the foie gras and the camebert w/salad, the French wine that our server recommended to go with our food and the creme brulee. Portions are almost too big, I recommend sharing starters and desserts.
Best service I have ever received at a restaurant in San Francisco. Now I really know what it feels like to be a celebrity with waiters taking your fork from you after you've used it once, wiping your mouth, and doing jumping jacks on command. Now considering that we were eating a prix fix which came up to about $21.00 per person. I felt like a $21.00 celebrity. What a deal.But it really was great. Phillipe was all hugs and kisses. Food was great and a great deal. But you definately have to make reservations. We were the first people there on a Thursday at 5:30pm, and by 5:45 the whole place was packed.
The best French Food in SF at a great price with wonderful service. Try the Duck Salad and Skate Wing. Philipe and Ellen are wonderful hosts.
Wow. What a gastronomic experience. Chapeau! is hyped up for a reason; food-wise, this unassuming, Asian-dominated restaurant delivered at La Folie/Fleur de Lys standards. The filet mignon was possibly the best or 2nd best I've ever had, though the ridiculous sauce is cheating a bit. Salmon was great but a bit dry even though the fish was probably killed by drowning in butter (butter-boarding?). The tasting fish were scallops.. delicious. Fois gras was exquisite. Goat cheese/asparagus starter was as good as goat cheese and asparagus can get. But the main event? Dessert: profiteroles were awesome, the creme brulee was MIND BLOWING. Warm chocolate cake... good but not my thing. Wine was perfectly recommended and tasted like a dessert of its own. Only negative of the night: terrible location.
Trs bien--great flavors, wonderful staff and management. ORDER EVERYTHING!
Ok. The food was delish. No complaints about that (I had the roasted squash soup, monkfish on butternut squash risotto with lobster bisque, and a desert I'll just call sex with kiwis and cream). But we were crowded so tight that our elbows were hitting the other table and the waiter kept hitting my head going behind me to serve the table there. And they *have* to update their website, because our cheap asses went for the early bird special and it wasn't $19 anymore -- which we could have easily afforded -- but instead $25. Might not seem like that big a difference, but after wine, it was. We'll likely go back -- just not until its a really fancy date night.
Wine and food are stellar, but the atmosphere is loud and a little too fast paced for my tastes. One of the things I like about small restaurants in Paris is that they are intimate, charming, and the table is yours for the entire evening. There's no rushing plates off your table as soon as you take the last bite. Why are French restaurants in America so overly polished and efficient? I don't know...but again, the food was great, especially the French Onion soup. I would definitely go back. But for a quiet romantic French dinner, I prefer the Alamo Square Grill.
Chapeau is probably one of the few French restaurants that does not try to hard to be too French. The waiters didn't pretend to speak with annoying French English like those waiters in Cafe Claude etc. The food was an A-... great texture, sauce to die for (hence the needs of heaps of bread to sauce the plate), although the foie gras size is a bit too tiny. The highlight of the night is the molten chocolate cake with a small chunk of banana inside the melting chocolate. Chapeau! One star off for the super slow service.
Elegant restaurant with wonderful service. Our waiter was super attentive and charming. Try the foie gras and filet mignon...delightful and perfectly made.Great for a date :)
I had my birthday dinner there last night with a group of 15 people. Everything was perfect. Philippe was super friendly. The food was superb and he must have a bunch of great sous chefs as he was hardly in the kitchen.This explains why the service was so good too. All the food came out one time and served by our friendly waiter. I have no problem recommending hosting large party of 16-20 people at Chapeau. But on the weekend, they only have 2 seating times at 5 and 9PM for large parties.My kids also loved the food and dessert.
Good food. Went during Valentines so the service was a little slow but it was packed as you could imagine so I won't hold that against them. Small menu, which means you know they specialize in everythig they cook. We had a great time here I recommend.
Love this place. Would go more often if 1) we didn't have kids and 2) they were closer to Novato!Have loved all the food we have eaten there. Can't wait for fall/winter when the cauliflower soup comes back. YUM!
I agree it is a fantastic place. The atmosphere, the bread, the chef. The service is attentive but there is something about the waiters that just sticks in my craw. All that wringing of their hands and phony sincerity is just too much! It can't be just a cultural thing, I've been to France and I've never encountered as much obsequious behavior in one room. Bizzare.....
I give this place a trillion stars! yessirree, my husband and i had one very romantical dinner here and we loved everything about it! the restaurant is small, yes, but you forget all about that once ur sitting down and talking to your waiter! The food was to die for, the service was just FABULOUS and I couldnt ask for anything better - Very French and Romantic. lovesit :)
My partner and I went here last night to celebrate our 28th anniversary. Having experienced many stellar meals at Clementine, we had very high expectations for this important celebration. The service was superb but we were both quite disappointed in much of the food. My partner loved the deep fried tiger prawns but I was very disappointed in my porcini encrusted sweetbreads which were very firm, almost hard contrasted to my expected soft and delicate texture.We both had the cassoulet and we were both quite disappointed. The saltiness of the dish was overpowering, the beans much more firm than I expected. I could hardly taste the lamb nor the sausage because of the overpowering salt. We both left most of the dish un-eaten.The chocolate cake with rum-raisin ice cream was the high point of the eveniing. My french toast was just that--a little piece of bread in a puddle of non-descript tan sauce with some hazelnut ice cream on top.When we left, no one asked us about the meal. The woman at the door was busy talking with someone but did turn and say "good night".I blame us partially for our disappointment. The cassoulet was obviously a poor choice. I would have thought the wait staff would have noted that much of it remained in the dish.After dropping $190.00 and driving home disappointed we passed the informal little Indian cafe called Kasa where we have enjoyed many a meal. We realized that we would have been much better satisfied had we chosen to return there.
I know what you're thinking: How does a woman who loves PBR, plays air guitar, and gets thrown out of bars end up at a fine dining experience such as Chapeau? See, I'm not as one-dimensional as you think.As a woman who truly holds a grudge against the French (and I have my reasons, oh yes, I do), it means a whole hell of a lot that I give this restaurant 5 stars. But it's impossible not to. It pains me because I feel like I am going against all of my convictions, but Chapeau! was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. The previous reviews for this place say it all. The food is fantastic, it's so reasonably priced, the wine list is just as wonderful, and the service was impeccable. I don't really know what else anyone can ask for in a bistro.Chapeau! is the type of place where everything comes together like a Voltron of sheer bliss.
The food was worth every calorie and I don't say that often. The service was perfectly timed. The presentation was beautiful and the owner was welcoming. What more could you ask for?
Love them!!! Go with their chef special if possible. No mistakes here!
Step into the tiny space of Chapeau! and transport yourself to the French countryside. Although this is a small restaurant, the warm butter-yellow walls (stenciled with climbing vines which creep onto the ceiling), crisp white linens, and spot lighting create a cozy and romantic setting.The menu sets (choice of three or four courses) are probably the best bargains. Their asparagus soup is light, creamy, and refreshing. The foie gras (a specialty appetizer for the evening) included two generous pieces of fatty, sizzling pieces, arranged artfully alongside a small heaping of mixed greens, sliver-thin slices of tart apple, and a buttery disc of brioche. The duck was tender, perfectly cooked, and drizzled with a meaty demi-glace. The desserts (a medley of mango, kiwi, pineapple, and strawberry, and the warm chocolate cake) were heavenly. Service was courteous, and each course was served at precisely the right time and at a perfect temperature. Discreet servers kept our wine and water glasses filled without us ever asking. You will want for not at Chapeau! A true gem in the Richmond.
Simply the best French restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of visiting. Phillipe (owner and master chef) is incredibly involved with every part of the restaurant. He greets you when you arrive and will talk at great length about the dishes he has prepared and the ones he is planning for the future when you leave after your incredible meal.The food is presented artistically and the flavor matches the visual aesthetic. The waiters are attentive and polite. But what really stands out is the quality of the ingredients and attention to detail. There are layers upon layers of subtle culinary brilliance in each dish.All in all, this is an experience that will leave you completely satisfied. I would recommend Chapeau! for any occasion where you have something to celebrate, because the food is itself a celebration of life.I cannot wait to return.
You can't call this place fun, cool or interesting. If you're looking for a traditional, fancy restaurant to take your parents to, and you happen to live in the Richmond, then Chapeau is a nice option. Otherwise, there are so many other better options for treating yourself to a nice meal in SF. I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday thinking it would be a nice, romantic night out and we were both disappointed.The menu has all the standard expensive French fare. It has white tablecloths and the waiters stand at attention like cartoon versions of the real thing. There was nothing original or personal about the experience (Although, I do need to mention that the owner caught us on the way out to give a personal thank you, which was very sweet). The waiters didn't know the wine and didn't want to discuss the menu. It felt stuffy, old and boring. It's apparent it's been around a long time and is riding on the coat tails of years of good reviews. If this place is looking to keep up with the new spots in town like Range and steady standards like Slanted Door, then it needs to find a way to stay fresh.
Fantastic! When the owner/chef of the restaurant comes running out of the door and across the street to say goodbye and ask how the dinner was then you know you've been to a special restaurant.The atmosphere is elegant and you kind of have the feel of being invited into someone's house for dinner. The food was amazing and the night was truly special as I shared it with my gf.
I've come to this restaurant several times. I must say, it was an eye opening experience since I've only been introduced to french cooking in the last few years. I'm really impressed with the molding of flavors and the peculiar intensity of french cooking. I must say, this place is definitely a repeat performance......
Upon being seated at this restaurant the chef walks out and greets people with a handshake or a kiss on each cheek. This place is a lot bigger than the old location. I remembered how wonderful the old place was and hadn't been here since the move. I came in for the early bird special $28 for a 3-course meal. I went online to preview the menu and the one we got that evening was different. I ended up ordering: Trio of Salmon, the grilled sea bass with mashed potato underneath, and the vanilla crme brulee. I liked the trio of salmon very much - the mixture of flavors and textures was unbelievable. The grilled sea bass was nothing special however; I liked how the mash potatoes and sauce mixed together for a delightful side. I liked how there was a wide surface of the hardened shell for the crme brulee. I shared the dessert with a friend and I preferred the warm French toast with hazelnut gelato. The service was good. The server we had recommended a light white wine with my entre. He also gave me a tip on how to get the most flavor out of the trio of salmon. Service was a little slow since the restaurant was packed. We got there before 5:45PM and didn't finish until close to 8PM. My friend and I took our merry ole time chatting and eating. We were never rushed and the waiter poured a generous amount of wine for a half glass. Verdict: I still love this place! I will venture back here again - sometime in the near future.
I like that there is a french restaurant way out here, and a pretty decent one at that. I really love bone marrow, and when they have it here its excellent. I also like that they have intermezzos on the menu here, no one else does that (some prix fixe places give them out freely). I also like that the chef comes out and says hi, because he likes his restaurant. Thats nice to see.
as an early birthday ordeal, he took me out to dinner to chapeau, saying that this isn't my birthday dinner ... key word: early*o yes, chapeau!! :)))you walk in, and you see this big black velvet curtain blocking the entrance of the restaurant ... you are greeted by this oh, ever so friendly, yes, extremely pleasant hostess, who takes us to our corner table ... the place is super quaint and cozy, having that intimate touch.i took espanol in high school, but with the limited french i DO know, chapeau means "hat" .... you won't get the whole "hat" concept until the very end ... they bring the receipt inside this brown hat ... :) HOW CUTE! but, on the menu, chapeau with an exclamation point (!) means "WOW" and for surely, it was a WOW experience .. ;) merci..the cool thing about chapeau is that if you come any other day than friday and saturday btwn 5-6, you get their early bird special for $25.50 which is a deal, come on, for a 3 course prix fixe? keep in mind, you don't get a whole lot to choose from. you also get the choice of getting a 3 course or a 4 course, but he told me, to hold my appetite for a surprise that will last for a week ... 3 course = $384 course = $45we started off in getting their mini cauliflower soup which was FANTASTIC! not truly a fan of cauliflower soup but this was to die for. the bread that came out was nice... super warm, and toasty, just the way i like it...1st course: i got their foie gras for an extra $6 supplement on top of the 3 course. it was okay. ive had better foie gras ... he got their warm brie on potato and leek darphin ... again, i could've asked for something better ... it wasn't exactly WOW! as of yet..2nd course:i got their sea bass w/potatoes with a side of english peas, which was a bit cold, but it was edible. the sea bass was super good though. flaky and super yummy ... he got their cassoulet de toulousse w/beans w/braised lamb shoulder and duck leg with garlic and some sausage ... not so good. 3rd course:the DESSERT! was to DIE FOR ... if anything, i'd probably return just for their dessert ... me? had their tarte grand mere apples in custard cream with creme fraiche and side of hazelnut ice cream. omg. my mouth had an orgasm... super warm, and super yummy... he had the chocolate cake w/banana flambee rum and raisin w/caramel sauce ... good stuff!i really didn't like how the tables were so close to one another ... at one point, i had to stretch my arms, and i couldnt because i was worried that i was going to hit the old lady nxt to me and it gets pretty crowded so it kinda loses that intimate appeal ... oh wells ...
I had dinner here last night after reading these reviews on Yelp. The food is good though not too memorable. We had Menu 2 that comes with an appetizer, fish tasting, entree, and dessert. Also got the palate cleanser that comes before the entree.Off all the dishes, the appetizers were the best (there were two of us - thus we tried each others' dishes). I had the salade landaise (with duck) - the duck was good and the dressing was not overwhelming. The corn soup was good - not great (Lukas over in Oakland still has one of the best corn chowders). The fish tasting dish was scallops...it was just ok (just a seared scallop with a sauce I can't remember). The palate cleanser was a sorbet - nice and refreshing to clear out your palate. The entrees were underwhelming. I thought my filet mignon was a bit gamey and the bacon on the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin was not crispy.Desserts...we got the chocolate cake and basil napoleon. Neither had a wow factor..the basil napoleon felt like fruit bits in creme fraiche with these thin pastry flakes. Chocolate cake was ok (I've had more decadent ones elsewhere for less).
A neighborhood gem! The chef invited us back in to the kitchen after my husband asked him how they cooked the steak to make it that good! He was so charming & warm. Bartenders were lovely. Food beyond incredible!!!
I could try to be witty and unique but that would just be filler. Chapeau!, there really is no equal. In a city filled with world renowned restaurants Chapeau! delivers a perfect meal every single time without the fanfare.
AMAZING! The reviews of this place don't lie! It's a discreet restaurant, tucked into a corner on Clement street and from the outside has no sign and looks almost like a closed shop at night. Walk through the black curtain at the door and you're greeted with a small, busy, tightly-packed restaurant! Yes, the decor is simple, but who cares, the food is SO delightful!My boyfriend surprised me with reservations to this place, and I had no idea what to expect when we arrived. But boy, the food!! I can't stop raving about it! We had the 'Menu 1', and I had the warm brie over potato larkin and he had the foie gras. The brie was so mind boggling. The foie gras was also delicious! For our main course I had medium rare Alaskan salmon with tiger prawns on a bed of minced tomatoes, onion (think tiny pico de gallo but with subtle flavors). He had the filet mignon, medium rare. Both dishes, so delectable. The sauce on the filet mignon had a hint of mushroom and tasted really good both on the meat itself, and with scooped up with the bread. Mmm...Dessert was creme brulee and a trio of sorbet. The sorbet flavors were lime, blackberry, and passionfruit. Refreshing! The creme brulee had a perfect crispy top and the custard part was warm, creamy, and not overly sweet.Mmmm..Definitely coming back! I also love that it's in an unassuming place on Clement! Whee!
Nope, they aren't redoing the facade. It's September, and still, there's that handwritten sign taped to the glass. We, too, drove past it twice without spotting the restaurant. What an amazing night. The food was incredible, and service 10/10. All of the other reviews apply here. The only two downsides: it IS small and LOUD!!! We ended up making friends with the couple at the next table. That's how small and loud. Also, I didn't fall in love with the desserts. Our friends at the other table didn't either, so that made me feel a bit better. I rarely order a third course, so when I do, I expect good things, and my apple tart was a little tart. Bland. Not crunchy enough. Nor sweet enough. My date's chocolate dessert was wonderful, but the chocolate option always is. Let's get something more exciting and varied on the third course.
Chapeau! I have been hearing about this restaurant and meaning to try it for a long time. Finally, at last, I enjoyed a lovely meal there.It is small and cozy, and adorable with very friendly service.Things that I love:restaurants that serve an amuse-bouche! I love being brought a little something to start your taste buds. This evening at Chapeau they served a cold anise-melon soup that was interesting and tasty.prix fixe menus; I love just know I am going to have an appetizer and dessert with out worrying how much all the little extras will add up.So I love the menu. I had a delicious warm brie appetizer, for an entree duck medallions on polenta with truffle oil and vegetables, and of course flourless warm chocolate.My overall experience there was great, but I was a little disappointed that I could not taste any truffle flavoring in my polenta, but the tenderness of the duck more than made up for it.
Philippe had me at the kiss.... Chapeau! beautifully accommodated a 6-person birthday dinner last night, from the double-kiss greeting at the front door, to the champagne and palette cleanser to the appetizers (I loved the mesculin salad with fried Brie, a friend enjoyed her salmon terrine with grilled capers, and two had the onion soup--no need to call it "french" onion soup here!), the wine was perfect, and the entrees were amazing. A couple of our party shared the 2-person prime rib special that came with four sauces--the Roquefort was incredible), the salmon and halibut were also awesome. The fennel with the halibut was a perfect compliment. Others had the lamb and the fillet, and all plates were returned completely bare. We all had the choose your own three-item prix-fixe menu ($33), so dessert was included. I think they brought us every single one b/c we had a birthday girl, so I tried the vanilla creme brule (dreamy) and the warm chocolate cake (liquid heaven), and others had the classic french profiteroles that also looked crazy-good. Note to vegetarians--no need to avoid this place b/c it's french (notorius for serving meat in every course and in every sauce), they have a whole vegetarian portion of the menu! The great service extended beyond the personal attention from the proprietor. We had about four wait staff making sure that wine glasses were full and that we were served at the same time--no easy feat for a six-top in in a small restaurant. The atmosphere was quiet enough to hear each other talk, but wasn't stuffy. Parking wasn't even that bad. I can't wait to go back--one of the best values in town for some of the best food I've had in a long time.Apparently Chapeau! with an exclamation point means "wow" instead of hat--I was definitely wowed!
Went before 6pm for the early bird special price fixe -- what an amazing value at $25.50/pp! The meal and service would have been a deal at the standard $39/pp, but the early bird deal is unreal. This place is all about the food and service. Drinks and warm french baguette bread were refilled quickly and discreetly. Here's what we had food wise:*they gave us a complimentary carrot soup -- it was rich but subtle and fabulous.*appetizer: we both had the rosemary escargot w/ potato -- delish, fabulous. I usually love and prefer garlic escargot, but I've now become a fan of this version. Very delicate but intense flavors.*entree: I had the duck breast medallion w/ pears, grapes and polenta -- wonderful, complimentary flavors, cooked to perfection; my hubbie had the mussels w/ pomme fritte -- plump savory mussels, some of the best I've had and the "fries" were amazing, and the dipping sauce the best*desserts: I had the creme brulee, it was very good but nothing I'd rave about, if that makes sense; my hubbie had the basil napolean -- very interesting flavors and presentation...if you're daring, definitely worth a try. The decor and bathroom weren't anything to write home about, but I'd go back any day for the food and service.
I had a very disappointing meal last week at Chapeau... The french onion soup was mediocre, my companions cassoulet was extremely salty and my veal was prepared in a way that made it unappealing. For desert things were no better - the lemon tart was too tart and the vanilla brulee was just ok. For what we paid for this meal I felt very let down, especially after reading the 3 star review in the Chronicle and the 4 star reviews other Yelpers left. Maybe it was an off night but I am not returning to find out - there are too many other better and cheaper French restaurants in town (thankfully)!
Food is good, price is good, settings are right, what else can I ask for.
Chapeau is divine. Probably the best restaurant in the avenues hands down.  Reservations are hard to come by unless you call well in advance that week (but hey, at least it's not a month in advance!). The food is really excellent - delicious country French cuisine. Our tab for a three course meal for two and a bottle of wine came out around $120 - we'll definitely be back!And yes, the chef came running out in the street after us to thank us for dining there. He then took off after another couple, who were probably at least another two blocks ahead of us, but he didn't stop until he reached them (and their startled faces). Gotta love it.
We arrived 20 minutes early because we thought it was farther from our apartment than it really was.We got seated pretty quickly. The chef/owner greeted us, we were excited and ready to eat.Two of us ordered the salmon, two ordered the scallops, and I ordered the rabbit leg (hey, I've never hard rabbit before). We also ordered some appetizers.Maybe 10-15 minutes after we ordered we were brought some delicious cauliflower soup in tiny little cups. Yum! Now I was really looking forward to the meal.Then we waited some more...and maybe 20 minutes later our appetizers come out. Then we waited more...and more...and more...Our food finally came 30-45 minutes after our appetizers had came out. One of the scallop dishes that we ordered was cold, and we sent it back. My rabbit legs were pretty good. Overall, though, we felt hugely let down. We were very excited about eating at Chapeau!, and things started smashingly, but after waiting so long the food should have been orgasmic. Or at least a little cheaper. Perhaps the excruciatingly slow service was a fluke, but it made me not want to go there ever again. I guess I'll stick with Clementine.
Nice French place. Bustling. Owner and staff very friendly. Not in my usual dining area.
I don't care if they made me eat on the sidewalk. Best French food in the city. Warm brie, seared foie gras, great serviceI have trouble just ordering the early bird...so many great dishes to choose from & extensive wine list to boost
This was the french restaurant recommended by a super-picky French friend :-) And it did not disappoint. Friendly and attentive service. We liked the murals, but the interior seems a bit cheap otherwise. Also, the place is very cramped, so not great if you want more intimate settings. But who cares? You will forget about all that once the food arrives. We started out with half a dz oysters, which were too small for my taste. For entree, my wife had the fillet mignon, which was very tender and juicy, and I had the vegetable napoleon(?) which was very pretty, but smaller portion. Fruit dessert looked like a piece of art, and tasted just as good.
Chef greeted us all personally. Great fois gras. Totally reasonble price, especially for how good food was.
What other restaurant does the owner/chef great you at the door, shake your hand and seat you...? He may seem overpolite to some, but I loved it.I went with a friend who's allergic to onions (go figure) and the staff and owner were so accomodating. They created his very own specially-created chef's tasting menu (for the same price).The dining room is small and everyone is packed in elbow to elbow, but everyone was so into their food, who noticed!?
This place was pretty easy to miss, especially at night since it's a bit tucked in and I don't see the sign Chapteau! outside. Parking can be a bit hard in this area but luckily we found a spot. We came on a wednesday night and it was packed. We waited for about 10 minutes with reservations but it wasn't that bad. The service was great and attentive. My party all ordered the prix fixed menu. I had the raw oysters which were really fresh and good and the filet mignon which came with potatoes and mushrooms, my two faves, the filet was cooked perfectly and it just melts in my mouth. I loved it! For dessert I choose the chocolate cake and that was really good too. I had a great experience and I can't wait to go back again to this little cozy place.
Went to Chapeau! last night with high expectations after everything I've heard about it...and it did not disappoint. Had a 7:30pm reservation and got seated right when we arrived, greeted by Phillippe himself 5 minutes later. Adorable.  Although the place is slightly cramped and we could hear every word of our neighbor's conversation, the food and service definitely makes up for it. We had a wonderful suggestion of half a bottle of Bordeaux to share between the two of us to accompany our meal of oysters on a half shell, mussels, and the filet mignon. Everything was perfect. Although I did not try the oysters they looked fresh and good. The mussels went perfectly with the bits of bacon and mushroom in the broth topped off with garlic french bread. And the filet mignon....oh the filet mignon! Perfection at medium well. Bf says he will definitely go back to try the rabbit that our neighbors had which looked divine and I would try their halibut and/or salmon for sure.And the best part of the meal.... the dessert!! Bf's praline cake with coffee cream was perfection. My crisp apple tart with hazelnut ice cream was one of the best desserts I've had. Dinner was totally worth every penny. Prix fixe menu starts at just $33 and it's $6 extra for the filet mignon. $40 for the meal? Would do again...and again...and again.And yes, Philippe's *kisskiss* at the end of the meal was indeed a nice surprise as he walked us out of the restaurant with his business card. I am in love. And so is the bf.
Well...fabulous, just fabulous! Just the previous evening we were at Clementine, another neighborhood French restaurant of comparable size, one mile East on Clement, and comparisons are inevitable.Where Clementine is good, Chapeau! is excellent from food to service. Latter is assured & confident. The food is on a par with the City's good n'great. Fois Gras could have been served at Fleur de Lys, the Balsamic reduction with the generous Heirloom Tomatoes perfect - one of the few chefs that knows when to hold back.Bouillabaisse & Cassoulet are widely open to interpretation, and we liked this kitchen's rendition of each a great deal. Neither dish was over-sized but each portion was spot on with first rate ingredients.Wine list had many bargains and credit to the chef owner for taking a couple of pages to highlight quality wines around the $30 price point. We asked for advice from our waiter regarding a white burgundy and he immediately referred us to the proprietor who gave very reasonable, knowledge based, advice.Now what really sets this establishment apart is a service issue worth sharing. The menu has a couple of prix-fixe options and we had originally gone a la carte with our thinking to not indulge in a dessert. Having decided (thankfully, in retrospect) to ultimately relent and share a profiterole we found out it was subsequently comped. Classy.It is a cramped space, and our enjoyment was no doubt enhanced by having a two-top set somewhat apart from the millieu in the window, but everybody seemed to be having a great time. Got the sense this was more of a Richmond district neighborhood joint (Clement & Fifteenth Ave), but this pair of very much East of Twin Peaks gadabouts came away thinking this was the best meal we've had inside City & County boundaries for a very long time.Very much recommended.
Maybe this is a neighborhood restaurant - it is definitely not a destination. The owner is very very nice and greets every guest and says goodbye to us as well, but I can't let that sway this review.It was cold outside, like it always is in the Richmond at night, and the amuse bouche was a cold sweet melon gazpacho - interesting flavors (mint, almost like a coriander, or a smoky black tea flavor) - but we were still way too cold to enjoy it.The service, after the initial greeting, was s l  o  w. Perhaps the owner needs to spend less time kissing cheeks and more time in the kitchen. I love long drawn out meals that unfold to reveal one treasure after another. But this wasn't slow like that. this was slow as in our wine did not show up for twenty minutes. Slow as in there was about a half hour spread waiting for our entrees to all come together so we could eat. Slow as in the first entree showed up fifteen minutes before anyone elses, so it was effectively cold by the time most of the rest arrived. And one companion did not get their entree for another ten or fifteen minutes after everyone else and it was poorly prepared. And then after all that waiting, the food wasn't wonderful.Most of our food was very salty and we couldn't finish it.One of our companions ordered her duck medium-well (we talked her down from well-done), which came out very late and very rare and very gamey. Our mussels were stinky in a bad way, as though they hadn't been properly scrubbed. In the end, we wished we had stuck with our original plan to go for Korean BBQ.Again, so sorry to the owner who was so sweet. But the food was a big disappointment, so I can't recommend.Le Charm is much better and just as nicely priced.
Chapeau! is a wee, unassuming restaurant (with one of the most unexpected, ghettoest signs I've seen) that is tucked into the mid-Outer Richmond. My friend ordered the Poached Wild Alaskan Halibut, which was pretty good, but it was my Hickory Smoked & Pan Seared Alaskan Salmon that stole the show. True-to-form, every smoky bite melted in my mouth. For dessert, we had the Warm Chocolate Cake with Creme Anglaise, which was a lot lighter than the lava cake-like concoction that I had envisioned it to be, thankfully.My only quibble is that in for a restaurant where the service is lauded, Chapeau! came up short. I was given water with ice after I had requested it without. Also, the waiters made a few misjudgments in terms of when we needed to be attended to and when we didn't. Lastly, the chef never came out of the restaurant to wish us farewell as he was reputed to. Harumph.I'd still recommend Chapeau! in a heartbeat, however.
I'm so glad i found Chapeau! here on Yelp. My wife and I had such a wonderful dinner at this quaint, great neighborhood restaurant. The PEI mussels were the best i've ever had. Really generous portions and a great value. The next time we visit SF, we're certainly going back.
Thoroughly enjoyed the experience, ambiance, and food here. We had the foie gras, escargot, salmon tartare, Atlantic salmon, filet mignon, mussels, and creme brle. Everything was mouth watering and perfectly cooked! The flavors were delicious! The service was just as pleasant! Highly recommend coming for dinner!
One of our absolutely favorite restaurants in the city. Dinner takes 3 hours, and it is truly special from start to finish (Yes, desserts shouldn't be missed). Not to be missed either for meat lovers is the prime rib ("cote de boeuf") that's not on the menu. It melts in the mouth and is served with bone marrow. Perfect for a date with my husband or to take people out to celebrate. Now when someone asks me for a good French restaurant recommendation in this price range, it has to be Chapeau!
Note (March 20/07): I just noticed that my accenting of French characters vanished! So I've gone and fixed things, but with the unaccented, plain vanilla English letters. Everything else is the same. *sigh* [end note]Well, I suppose it had to happen one of these days...a 5-star review. Which can only mean one thing...I had an absolutely amazing meal and experience! My father, who has "dined all over the world, including in many Michelin star restaurants" declared this place to be so amazing that he wrote on the comment card "tous les saveurs sont magnifiques! Merci bien pour une experience extraordinaire!" (if you'll forgive my butchering of French grammar). Despite my dad's tendency for exaggeration and superfluous superlatives, this was truly a meal to remember. The chef and owner, M. Phillipe Gardelle, quite obviously enjoys his craft and his attention to detail and inventiveness clearly shows through in every plate that leaves the kitchen. And every time he runs out the door to bid adieu to his guests. He told us he decided to come to San Francisco from France for 2 years - 15 years ago! France's loss, our gain.M. Gardelle has created a fantastic restaurant tucked away in what's almost the middle of nowhere, nestled amongst synagogues, Chinese markets and restaurants, and a lot of houses. The bistro is small and cramped, but not unpleasantly so. We were lucky to get in because somebody canceled their reservation. On to the meal! After going ga-ga over the menu, we were informed of the specials that evening - rib steak for two, served with gratin and marrow bones. And if that wasn't enough for the third person at the table (who will remain nameless to protect her aura of innocence), they also had foie gras. So that settled it for her, and decided that marrow bones required ordering that large steak, so she and my dad had that. He had the moules avec pommes frites (the best damn frites I've ever had, possibly a tie), and I had the warm brie over a potato pancake served with some frisee of sorts. All were absolutely amazing. And so was the half glass of Sauternes wine that went with the foie gras. Wow.Then we had decided to go for the 4 course menu because the "fish tasting" course consisted of a pan seared sea scallop (yum!) served on top of an "open ravioli" with butternut squash filling and a citrus honey sauce. Now I'm not the biggest butternut squash fan in the room, but this was phenomenal. The scallop was cooked to perfection (as my dad remarked many a time throughout the rest of the night), and the combination of flavours was completely unexpected and awesome. (I'm going to run out of superlatives soon...)The mains arrived, and the steak was sliced and served at the table for the other two diners. Complete with rib bone and two giant marrow bones. Even with meat served at the table, they went out of their way to present it impeccably, and I had a taste of the wonderful meat that was garnished with a bit of fleur de sel and served with four amazing sauces - roquefort, bearnaise, peppercorn, and truffle. I tasted all four, and the roquefort and truffle were the very clear winners to the point of making me want to grab the little dish and just drink the stuff down.Having just had a steak the previous night (see my review of Sundance...it's nice when parents visit!), I had opted for the cassoulet, which is apparently a French peasant-ish kind of dish. Either way, it consisted of white beans (which normally I'm not a big fan of, but decided to go for it anyways), braised lamb, a duck leg, and a small sausage. The duck meat fell apart in my mouth and the lamb was already largely mixed in with the sauce. The sausage was incredible.And then as if this kind of gluttony wasn't enough, we couldn't forget the dessert portion of the 4 course menu. Most of them looked and sounded amazing. We collectively had the chocolate cake (totally worth the 10 minutes for them to make it from scratch), the profiteroles, and and orange concoction that contained orange sorbet, creme de menthe, and Grand Marnier. All were excellent. And we also got a serving of a fourth dessert, the diced fruits in basil cream and with thin cookies. Heavenly, all of it.The wine was also excellent - a Hautes Cotes de Nuits that nicely complemented all of our meals. And taking a look through the wine list, I was completely impressed with the selection, the prices, and also just how easy it was to find the kind of wine you were looking for.All in all, Chapeau! lives up to its name, both for bringing the bill in a chapeau, and for making you go wow! many times during the meal.Sante!
I adore this restaurant. Clients had been telling me about it for years and we finally tried it last year after I got back from Paris. The owner is AMAZING-friendly and chats with EVERYONE-he personally says goodbye to you and does the double kiss. Some reviewers here have said that they think it's fake but they are crazy-this guy could be doing 30 other things in his business but he really cares if customers are having a great time and enjoy their food. The prix fixed is a great value, we always get that and with wine, port etc the bill is quite reasonable. We booked through "Open table" for our anniversary recently and there was a special candle on our dessert. Excellent service, excellent food!
A kiss from the chef!I was taken here for my birthday not knowing what to expect (although I heard the food was delicious). I was pleasantly surprised, although the space is itsy bitsy, I never felt overwhelmed by the chatter or (lack of) elbow room. I started out with the mussels and frites, moved on to some lobster risotto (as a tasting), then had some sorbet, salmon, and my favorite...panna cotta, which was toped with strawberries in a balsamic vinegarette - different, but yummy all the same. The staff was wonderful - and so were the kir royals!
I'm hoping more people don't find about about this place....This is the best valued meal I've ever had at a nice restaurant with delicious food. The three course prix fixe was great and they had reservations even an hour before heading over there! I'm sure that'll change once people catch on. I had the salmon as a starter, the duck for the main, and sorbet for the dessert and I was equally pleased with everything. The corn soup was phenomenal! And if good food, good wine, and good value wasn't enough, Phillipe himself came around to all the tables to greet all his guests. As we were leaving, he came after us to personally thank each of us for coming by, doing that cheek kissing thing I only see people in european countries do. The service was impeccable and we all left feeling pleasantly full and loved.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city, i've sent many people here and Chapeau never disappoints. I love everything about this restaurant, everything about the food, the service, the chef, and the price. There's really no highlight because everything about this place is a highlight. (with that said, escargot, foie gras, and bone marrow are to die for, make sure u try those =) ).
The beauty of this restaurant in the Outer Richmond is that it is relatively inconspicuous. Without searching it out ahead of time, you would never know what delights lie within.  Oh...and the delights are worth the trouble of trying to locate this little Bistro on Clement Street.When we walked in, we were a bit disconcerted by the deep velvet black curtain guarding the entrance way. We had not made reservations, but we were seated immediately. The place was crowded and the noise level was a bit high, but the other aspects of the ambiance were rather pleasant.The walls are a warm yellow, very Provencale and very inviting. This is a white table cloth establishment, but also charmingly allows for dressing comfortably (not messily of course!). The beautiful pink rose that sat between me and my dining partner definitely set the romantic mood. We started out with Champagne by the glass (Ruelle-Pertois Premier Cru Blanc de Blancs, a very small winery, which I had never hear of that produces about 40,000 bottles or so annually). My main course was the Prince Edward Mussels in white wine sauce and pommes frites. My dining companion chose the Salmon with leeks, potatoes and red wine butter. The mussels were delectable, but admittedly weren't as good as the mussels that I had enjoyed at a little seaside restaurant last year *sigh*, but, I devoured every single one of them. My boyfriend's plate was CLEAN. In fact, he used the wonderful, crusty French baguette to wipe every last trace of sauce from his plate. For dessert, I enjoyed the profiteroles (very petite and hit the spot) and my boyfriend savored the warm chocolate cake.  Overall, the food was solid. Yet, the warm service from the owner was what makes the place memorable. I think that this little Bistro deserves a second try in the future.
Made a reservation for dinner Sat night at Chapeau! It is cramped but the food is excellent. I started with mesculan salad and the cheese on it is divine. My husband started with the onion soup...delicious.  I had the pork which was delicious and my husband had the filet. Delicous as well. We wiffed and did not order the molten chocolate cake but will do so promptly upon placing our order the next time we go there. Great wine selection too. Received my complimentary double kiss on the way out, topping off a lovely evening.  Not romantic though...I'd go to Clementine for great French fare with nice ambience.
To celebrate our wedding anniversary, my husband and I decided to dine at Chapeau (which used to be known as Clementine on our last visit). Although our overall experience was a pleasant one, Chapeau is definitely in transition right now, concerning their management and staff. Despite having made reservations for the evening, we still had to wait for half an hour before getting a table. And once seated, we had to wait for another 20 minutes before our waiter came to take our order. The place was packed and busy. The staff, from the chef to the hostess, to the waiter, ... were running all over the place, multi-tasking trying really hard to ensure that everyone were tended. Despite the long waits, we were warmly welcomed and greeted by Chef Philippe right as we entered the restaurant. And the food was delicious. For appetizers, we had the Trio of Salmon Tartare, and the Tiger Prawns. The Tiger Prawns are simply succulent where the crispy texture of the Prawns harmoniously melds with the little mound of stewed ratatouille in the middle of the plate ! For main entrees, my husband really enjoyed his Filet Mignon, and the Flounder with Leek sauce certainly exceeded my expectations. The fish was perfectly seasoned, cooked to perfection, moist and juicy where every bite melts in your mouth.  As for dessert, the shared Chocolate Fondant with banana ice cream and Panna Cota were a nice finale. On reviendra l'an prochain, c'est sur!
I wish I could do 4.5, but I can't. Such is life.Chapeau! had incredible food and great service, but I have to say they either need a larger space or to take out about 5 tables. I hate to hate, but I had to just a little.It doesn't matter though, it's still a fantastic restaurant.
Will Not come back again for another round of mediocre but expensive bistro food even if the meal is free! This is a very strong statement but not when 3 out of 4 of us who dined here got stomach problems after the meal. The restaurant serves bistro food but is almost charging for fine dining prices. There are a lot more choices in the city where one can enjoy a good French bistro meal without the stomach torture.
Apparently this place is supposed to be great however I really don't know because the ambiance was lacking to the point my husband walked out and insisted on taking me somewhere else.I felt like I was in a tastefully converted storefront- if that even makes sense. Tables are very, very close together (about two inches apart) and the lighting could use a little help. I was confused as to where I was supposed to go when I walked in and had to ask other patrons if there was a maitre'd or receptionist of some sort. I am planning to go back with a friend for an early dinner to actually try the food.
Hubby took me here for my birthday. The place was packed, tables arranged pretty close to each other. We could easily hear conversations from our next tables. The food was fantastic, very french. We had escagots, trio of salmon, veal, tenderloin pork, and cream brulee. Service was just so so.
I was taken here for my birthday last year. It was a mind blowing taste experience. Very rich food. I wouldnt be able to eat like that alot but once in a while its a fantastic experience. It is service, taste, presentation quality perfection. It is a little costly, but, you will see why, the food is like art, and so good. No complaints..GREAT!
I took my bf here for his b-day a couple of weeks ago. Made reservations, they called to confirm the day of. The decor is nice. However, it is a tight fit. The tables are all VERY close to each other. I prefer a little more personal space. The chef was going around to tables greeting and welcoming patrons which is a nice touch. It made it feel more intimate for being busy. Our server was great. He even has a french accent, which adds to the ambience. We had a nice complimentary mushroom soup. It was great to dip the bread into it. There is a 3 course prix menu, but we got the 4 course. First course: Oysters (very good, fresh), Escargot (good, the pesto flavor was so strong - you really can't taste anything else but the pesto)Tasting fish: Scallop (mine was cooked perfectly, his was a bit overdone)We also got the palette cleaner which was a nice liquor sorbet.Third course: Filet Mignon (I added foie gras-it was a huge portion of it; I ordered it medium rare and it was overcooked. Everything else on the plate was good, but I was sad that my cut was overcooked.), Lamb (he thought it was good, but not very much lamb). Dessert: Chocolate cake (warm cake with melted chocolate oozing from the middle with vanilla ice cream on the side), creme brulee (best one Ive had so far, not a heavy flavor).It was a nice dining experience that didn't break the bank.
Dear Yelp, Chapeau! is fucking phenomenal. I highly, highly recommend it. For posterity, my companion and I had:Amuse bouche:Cauliflower and truffle oil soup.First course:him: Incredibly nutmeggy butternut squash soup.me: Fried sweetbreads with wild mushrooms in some sort of crazy delicious frenchy sauce.Tasting Fish for both of us:Salt cod with garlic mashed potatoes in some other crazy delicious sauce.Pallete cleanser:him: Some sort of apple sorbet floating in some sort of fruity booze.me: One taste of his and foul faces for the rest of the course.Second course:him: Filet Mignon with potatoes and wild mushrooms. Wowza.me: Monkfish and butternut squash risotto. (I have never had monkfish before; what an interesting texture!) With a parmesan rillette, yum.Third course:him: Cold orange soup with Grand Marnier souffle.me: Sorbet trio (lime, passion fruit, blackberry cabernet) with some kind of hazelnut sesame sugar shell thing.Post-dessert:Homemade truffles coated with I think the same thing as the sugar shell was made of. Makes me want to go home and improve on mine own weak truffle recipe.And the best part of the meal was absolutely the chef. He was incredibly genial, welcoming all guests, checking on people throughout the meal and seeing us off. He shook my dining companion's hand, but from me, he insisted on one of them faggy french cheek kisses.Oh, and did I mention he looks exactly like an older Farley Flavors? If you get the reference, I'm so, so sorry :|EDIT: Bravo Chef Flavors! Apparently, he is not a trained chef at all. He got tired of his chefs quitting on him so he took the helm at the kitchen. Marvelously done; I'm far more impressed with his food knowing he didn't spend years at an academy. Next time, I will chase HIM for kisses.
Their food is very very good , can't wait to go back . The boss is very nice too. I been their so many time , specially their soup ( cron soup with crab)
Excellent wine selection. The owner greeted us with recommendations and the chef personally approached each table to accommodate our every need. The duck breast and the filet mignon were PERFECT. Absolutely worth the taxi ride out to Richmond.
Do get the dessert. Any dessert. They are amazing.Don't bother shelling out extra cash to get the prime rib if it's offered to you as a special. The production is incredible: the chef comes to your table and plates it all for you right there. However, I'm suspecting that the French didn't, after all, invent prime rib.The onion soup was comme si comme ca. My friends did report that the salmon was fantastique tho.
The food is delicious and the owner/chef is unbelievable. After a very nice dinner date, he was chatting with us outside and helped us get a cab. When I say help, I mean he ran out into the middle of the street to stop a cab that was flying by... now that's some service! Guys, if your girl is a foodie, bring her here. You'll score major points, at least you would with me. ;)
Mmmm...WOW... That is the reaction my boyfriend and I had to every morsel we happily devoured at this restaurant. If I could give six stars I would. What a dining experience.Our server recommended a white burgundy, which was fabulous and went really well with our food. A server brought out an amuse bouche to start, a demitasse of a cream of mushroom soup. Excellent. A very promising start to what was to be an exquisite meal.For appetizers we shared the mesclun salad, which was deliciously dressed greens, pistachios, grapes and a piece of goat cheese that was fried with a lightly battered and crispy outside and smooth, melting creaminess on the inside. Each bite of salad was flavor heaven. We also shared the french onion soup gratinee. Unbelievable. One of the best onion soups I've ever had. We also decided to try the seared foie gras. Not PC but I have been wanting to try this culinary delight for a long time. And delightful it was. It was seared on the outside and very soft and smooth on the inside. Extremely rich, served with a piece of toast soaked in a sweet sauce, a side of microgreens and thinly sliced apples. Sooo good!For entrees I ordered the halibut, which was served with a saffron and celery root broth with fennel, fettucine and a piece of crispy toast with smoked salmon paste. My boyfriend ordered the sauteed monkfish, which was served with risotto in a lobster bisque. Both dishes were nothing short of sublime. We have not had fish that perfectly cooked in a long long time, so moist and delicate. Just amazing.For dessert we ordered the apple tart with hazelnut ice cream and a dollop of caramel, and the vanilla bean creme brulee. The creme brulee was perfection, and the tart was excellent, especially with the ice cream, which was bursting with hazelnut flavor and so damn good. The service was superb, attentive without being overbearing. The restaurant is very cozy with some tables that are very close together. We asked to be moved to a table by the window, which the server obliged, and we enjoyed our meal happily and comfortably. The owner/executive chef, Philippe Gardelle, greets everyone when they arrive, and graciously thanks and says goodbye to everyone as they leave with a handshake for the men and a European double kiss for women. What top notch restaurant can you think of that provides that kind of genuine gratitude and service? Chef Gardelle's desire to serve the customer is also evident in the fact that our bill, which charmingly arrived in an actual chapeau, also comes with a comment card. Chapeau serves food and provides service that is as good as it gets. Completely unpretentious with food that speaks for itself. A genuine, classic French culinary treasure in the Richmond District.
Last night a date and I dined at Chapeau. We were able to make reservations at 6:30 for 8:30. Kokkari (greek) said they could only do 9:30. Great in either case! We walked in and half the restaurant was empty. It was rather quiet as well. Not sure about the other reviews when they say that it was loud. I was perturbed by how 3 employees walked past us on there way to doing something...each one aknowledging us but not seating us. I guess they have no actual "hostess". They have no hostess stand either. Our server eventually ended up seating us at a 2-top which I thought was odd considering they had sooo many tables open. Before we got seated, my date even asked if I wanted to leave! (yes, it was that odd).We finally got seated and the server asked us if we would like to start with a drink before dinner. We both knew we wanted wine but no wine list had been provided! She asked him (but not me) "sparkling or still" and then walked away. The inattentive service stopped there. When she came back she was very helpful with the wine list and the menu. We never once had to pour our own wine, each course was staged well, and the employees all worked fluidly as a team to create a wonderful experience. I had the $38 3-course menu and my date had the $48 4-course menu. We each ordered a palate cleanser as well. Tiny cups of Truffled Squash Flowered Soup : these were on the house. I truly got excited when I saw how perfectly the chive garnish had been cut. This attentin to detail was carried throughout the meal. Oysters : great minonette with black peppercorns... worked well and they oysters were nicely shucked.Sweetbreads : very rich! Nicely prepared and mild in flavor. Trumpet mushrooms with a foie gras and truffle reduction butter sauce. Oh my! Palate cleansers : Apple one was a bit syrupy and the citrus one was realllllyyy strong in the vodka flavor! I dont think they can serve that one to a minor!Scallop "tasting fish" option: Absolutely wonderful. I am not a scallop person but these were perfectly prepared, Pesto risotto base, seared scallop, tomato compote topping and a sweet bbq-esque sauce round the plate.Entrees:Filet Mignon : Actually MELTED in your mouth. Oh wow! Rack of Lamb : A bit overdone ( I had asked for medium rare to rare). But still very yummy! It came with an eggplant mash, artichoke hearts, roasted cloves of garlic, and baked peppers (a little mushy). Dessert: Chocolate Lava Cake with banana caramel and banana filling. The fruit threw us off a bit.Profiteroles : Filled with ice cream that could have had more vanilla flavor. I have had better desserts. While some things were definitely 5 star (filet and sweetbreads), some things were off (vodka palate cleanser, hostess, hard to navigate wine list, profiteroles)Overall, I would definitely recommend this restaurant. Unpretentious french cuisine.
If you're craving French, you would get the most bang for your buck here. So BF and I have dined here many times and have had excellent service and outstanding food. However, took my father here for his birthday with my whole family and none of them were impressed with the quality of the food. However, I will be going back!
I practically grew up in this neighborhood, and only now do I try this place?? What took me so long!My family took my mother here for her birthday, and it was just exquisite. We were lucky to get the window seating, where we had more room and it didn't seem to be as loud. The food was just as good as what you'd find at your typical Michael Mina kind of a place, without all of the pretension.The chef is very adamant about getting to meet his diners, which is quite refreshing really. It really gives the place a home-town feel. He's also well versed in wines, which I am most definitely not. I was very satisfied when leaving the choices up to him to make - a different wine with every course, and each complimented the courses beautifully.I'd eat here everyday if I could!
my new mission in life is to get fat via french food.if a little neighborhood bistro like this has the same big french food chops as the best this city has to offer, AND retains the warmth and friendly ambiance of a real french bistro, i have really just died and gone to le ciel francais. i've only had one great bistro meal prior to chapeau, and that was in paris with my francophile friend from grad school.$25.50 for the early bird three-course prix fixe menu; they didn't rush us as we leisurely sat and conversed at the table sipping our white bordeaux. i had the salmon 2 ways appetizer. chopped raw salmon marinated with good oil, salt and dill, wrapped in fresh raw salmon fillets with minced hard-boiled eggs, creme fraiche and fried capers decorating the exterior rim of the plate. simple, salted goodness with just the right proportions of egg and capers to the salmon.my main was a moules mariniere with frites and spicy mayonnaise accompaniment. the moules were local and fresh, infused with a savory white wine sauce that took every ounce of strength for me not to pick up the bowl and pour it down my throat after i had finished with the mussels.dessert. i hate eating and ordering dessert, but this was simply the best part of the meal. i had the red wine soup, which turned out to be a savory red wine reduction with vanilla bean ice cream (yeah, i know, i'm totally paying for it tomorrow morning) and creme fraiche sitting atop a sesame biscuit and surrounded by fresh berries. service was on cue, and the staff were patient and sweet. i want to go there again. tomorrow. right at 5pm. god help me.
This is a review from Sam an eight year-old:Good service . Great food. I had the cassoulet which is beans and duck and sausage cooked in a pottery bowl. It was excellent. I also had frites which are french fries. For dessert I had the profiteroles which are iceceam in pastry with chocalate sauce on top. Super yummy.
this restaurant is so good i dont know who would mind philippe's bisous as he shows you out. the food is not your typical bistro food, but really quite few steps up with regard to presentation and ingredients. you wouldnt think so from the dinky facade so they may be redoing the front or just trying to keep the place another one of san francisco secret bijoux in the city. anyway, the amuse bouche was a cold soup of melon and mint. a little different , and although i dont have a taste for mint in my soups, it was refreshing.i had the seared foie gras with PERFECT and brioche (dont you hate it when the brioche is too thick? it's the mark of a careless restaurant, i think) with only a hint of butter and went nicely with the paper thin slices of apple. fantastic. i moved on to the scallop for our fish course and though it really is only one scallop, it was quite enormous and seared just so that the top is slightly charred but the inside is still soft, chewy, and mmm it was so tasty. it was dressed with avocado cream, micro diced beets and a sliver of orange (or was it tangerine?). mmm. so tasty.the plat was an enormous cote de beouf (shared between two people), which i think was a special for the day, but they were wonderful enough to accomodate our different tastes; mine was seared and the other half was medium rare. the beouf came with not only the marrow still tucked into the bone but four sauces: bearnaise, peppercorn, black truffle, hollandaise. i liked the black truffle best, but the meat was seasoned so well i didnt end up using any of the sauce at all.for the dessert, the basil napoleon has MANILA MANGOES. i just want to say that i havent found any manila mangoes anywhere in california and they are the best mangoes in the entire world. they had micro bits of fruit drizzled with confectionary sugar and it was a nice, light end to the meal.this might've gotten every long but we had a wonderful experience at chapeau (i touched up in the bathroom and came back to find my napkin neatly folded back on the table) and it really is not as expensive (and definitely not as stuffy) as some of the nice french restaurants in sf AND they have some early bird specials with great dishes at ridiculous prices you wont even believe. the only trouble here is that the tables are quite close together, but thats really all i can nitpick about. definitely coming back, maybe a once a month ritual.
It was six o'clock on a Wednesday evening. I was in the city and was really in no mood to drive home to Berkeley in the traffic. While Disneyland is the happiest place on earth, the Bay Bridge at six o'clock is the exact opposite: the saddest place on earth. Having decided to stay in the city for dinner, the boyfriend and I drove to another French restaurant in the Richmond just to find it closed. Am I GLAD that it was closed for renovation! If not, I would have missed the opportunity to dine at the amazing Chapeau! First of all, the service is excellent. The staff is friendly and patient. I was being extremely indecisive partially because I was very tired, but the maitre d', who also helped us in the beginning of dinner, did not get annoyed with me once. (Or was she the wife of the owner that other yelpers have noted?)Just as those who have come before me and those that will follow, I'm going to rave about the $38 three-course meal and the $45 four-course meal. The only problem I had: what am I going to settle on with the great selections offered? I wanted at least 4 of the appetizers: the foie gras, the scallop in lobster bisque, the French onion soup, the frisee salad; I wanted them all! So I went with the pan seared foie gras on a brioche paired with a half-glass of Sauternes, filet mignon, and creme brulee while he went for the duck confit salad, sea bass, and warm chocolate cake. I didn't know what hit me when I finished the foie gras. Where did it all go? I finished already? I needed some more immediately if not sooner! The Sauternes was perfect with it. The filet mignon was tender and flavorful with a fantastic layer of mushroom and surrounded by perfect little bite size pieces of potato. The creme brulee was classic vanilla bean creme brulee at its best. The ductk confit salad, which was topped with a small piece of seared foie gras, was nearly as amazing as the foie gras on brioche. The sea bass, however, I found a tad "fishy." Finally, the warm chocolate cake, it was absolutely incredible! Accompanied by a scoop of ice cream with raisins and a drizzle of caramel with rum, I had to keep inching across the table to steal bites! As we exited the restaurant, the maitre d' swept the velvet curtain back, thanked us with sincere appreciation, and wished us a good night. I think I'm still in heaven right now, somebody please come and pull me back down to earth.
loved the dining experience here. service, food, wine, price. is this a left handed compliment by calling Chapeau a poor man's Bistro Jeanty? Chef/owner Phillipe and his lovely spouse Ellen really made this a very special dinner with their personal touch throughout the meal. everything from the grilled scallop in a cream tomato risotto to the perfectly grilled salmon to the cheese platter and the exquisite chilled orange soup was fantastic! Phillipe came from La Folie and his heritage definitely shows here in his own venue. Wine selection is also very impressive. Two thumbs up with a French style kiss on both cheeks!
I am going back to this place! Not only is the food delicious, but the service is so friendly. I went last night with a friend and we had a great time eating and chatting up a storm. We were happy that the service was easy paced so we could catch up eachother's lives. The host was SO ADORABLE! Always made sure we were satisfied with the food and we were enjoying ourselves. As we left the restaurant and walked 1 block away, the host ran out after us. My friend and I thought maybe we left something behind, but instead the host wanted to say "goodbye" and gave us a Frenchie hug and kisses on the cheek! WE WERE IN LOVE! ^_^
It pains me to give this place a three (which isn't even that bad). I was really looking forward to eating here with my valentine, but was disappointed to say the least. We had 9:15pm reservations. When we arrived at the restaurant there were 2 couples waiting outside. I was a bit irritated when Chef sat a couple who came AFTER us before seating us and gave them the best table (by the window). We were seated in one of the middle tables in between two couples. The restaurant was extremely crowded. I was so close to the two tables on either side of me that I could have reached over and eaten their food. The crowd and closeness almost reminded me of a cafeteria. I felt claustrophobic and it was a bit hard to have a conversation because of the close proximity of the other patrons. Anyway, on to food and service. We waited about 10-15min before we were given our wine. This basically set the tone for the whole pace of the meal. Each course took fooooooorever to come out. Two hours later we were only on our third course! The waiters that evening weren't very attentive and we had to refill our own wine. The service wasn't what I was expecting, especially when I compare it to the service I received at Clementine down the street. The stand out dish for me was the bacon-wrapped scallop with pasta and a lobster sauce. The scallop was absolutely PERFECT. I only wish it hadn't taken so long to come out. The filet and oxtail dish was really tasty as well. The meat was nice and tender and the flavors reminded me of beef bourguignon. Too bad that by the time they brought out our dish, the sauce had coagulated creating an unappetizing skin. I think it was about midnight when we were eating this dish so I was ready to crawl under the table and fall asleep. We didn't end up leaving the restaurant until 1:00am!! That's about 4 hours for the meal! Our dinner at French Laundry didn't even take that long and we had twice as many courses there. On the plus side, they have a great wine selection and Chef Gardelle is very charming and personable. He came by our table a couple times to see how we were doing. The food overall was good, but the delivery was weak. I would have been such a happy camper had the food come out at a nice pace. Chef's friendliness and the regular menu has peaked my interest enough to return to this restaurant (but not soon). I just hope the service isn't so slow on a regular basis.
Unbelievable!!! The food is to die for! My friend and I sat at the bar because we made reservations too late, but I'm so happy I had dinner at the bar. The bar tender was really friendly and we had a good time chatting with the people next to us!
I must say I was quite impressed. I've heard many great things about Chapeau and they lived up to my expectations. Food was spectacular. We started off with the roasted escargot and potatoes, and the foie gras. They were quite generous with their portion of foie gras. The foie gras was excellent and I can still taste it in my mouth just thinking about it. The complementary asparagus soup was a nice touch also. For our entrees both the Atlantic salmon and filet mignon was cooked just right. The saffron mashed potatoes added a nice contrast in texture and flavor with the salmon. While the King Trumpet and Oyster mushrooms were quite a treat in itself with the filet mignon. We finished the night with the warm chocolate cake and some coffee. The chocolate cake was to die for. It just oozed with chocolate the second you put your spoon into it. Although it was probably like 3 billion calories after that, it was well worth my health.I loved my first experience at Chapeau and I would definitely come back. I highly recommend this.
It's always a delight to dine at Chapeau. One of the few neighborhood restaurants that raises the bar on food and service. Again, we were treated to gastronomic experience with sauted Sonoma foie gras with a peach reduction that left me wanting more, sweet breads bathed in wild mushrooms and its sauce -- probably the best I've ever had, and crispy duck confit on cabbage with Applewood smoked bacon that was almost not shared... just for starters. My main entree was tender lamb on the bone, fit for a queen. Aiding our digestion, we started with champagne, more white in between and ended with a burgundy.There's something tremendous about Chef Gardelle taking the time to stop by your table and chat about everything from wine pairing to his love for Gewurztraminer to the weather. I'm also astounded that he makes certain to catch you on your way out. A courtesy not often practiced in today's harried world. Always a pleasure.Worth noting: Philippe Gardelle has put together a wonderful wine list that includes a fine list of wines for around $30. The meals are so reasonable and, to top it off, you can enjoy a moderately priced bottle of wine as well. What a steal! -- He's also very particular about his wine list. When we inquired about a certain unlisted varietal, he mentioned that the recent vintage was poor and he really didn't like anything. He has to like the wine before it's presented to his customer. Thank you!
We began our experience with the very adorable and very French owner, Phillipe, coming out to greet us. He gave all the girls a kiss, kiss on each cheek, and he shook the hands of the guys in our group. Phillipe's warm welcome set the tone for our wonderful evening. The space may not be the hippest, and the tables may be a bit cramped, but the excellent food and superb sevice far outweigh all that. I tasted every dish ordered by the six people in our party, and each and every one was divine! And Phillipe remained attentive and charming throughout the entire evening. Good food, friends, wine... does life get any better than that? I've been back several times since my first experience, and I really must agree that this is one of the best French dining experiences I've ever had. There's hipper and swankier out there, but never do I walk away much happier than when I visit Chapeau!Chapeau without an explanation mark means "hat." Chapeau! with the explanation mark means "wow!" This foodie find makes me go Chapeau! Chapeau! Chapeau!
We came here purely on the high Yelp rating...and we were generally satisfied. We had:Sweetbreads (excellent)Foie gras (excellent)Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin (excellent)Monkfish with Butternut Squash (good)Chocolate cake (good)Cheese plate (ok - cheeses are pre-selected)The food was very good. It's solid French cuisine. I normally don't order pork because it tends to be dry but this was one tasty pork dish. Arguably the best pork I've ever had. Overall, it's not quite one of the other 4 star French restaurants in the city but neither are the prices. We were very glad we tried Chapeau but I'm not sure if we'd come back. Two tasting menus w/ the bonuses + 4 glasses of wine + tip = $150.  Not bad. Still a bit pricey.After we walked out, I said to the wifey, "Man, I'm disappointed. The owner usually says goodbye." And like clockwork, he came out and graciously thanked us for coming. As cheesy as this seems, he was genuinely appreciative and it was a nice touch. I was glad to see him. Maybe we will be back.
Just ate there and so missed the old Clementine.The menu was much more limited and the food was far too rich and even though we ate lightly for lack of good entree choice, I left feeling nauseous.But the worst part was the exceptionally rude waiter. He was cold and impatient and literally grabbed my bread plate out from under my hand while I was holding a piece of bread ready to butter!The chef was delightful with kisses upon leaving but I am sorry to say that I will not be coming back here again.
We wanted to like this place bec.there are so few great bistros in SF. However, after dining there the other night we can't get excited. The hostess's greeting at the door was indifferent. The waiter, who smelled like he had just smoked a pack of cigarettes, insisted that France was the only place with good black truffles (tell that to our family living in Umbria) and the chef did an insincere, obligatory walk by. Food was just OK. Duck breast way overcooked although I asked for medium rare. Ho-hum cassoulet. When we opted not to have dessert, the check was unceremoniously thrown on our table.Ungracious attitude and mediocre cooking means we won't be back.
This quaint little restaurant in the Richmond District is a local gem. I came here with a friend at the recommendation of his brother. The ambiance is very French, cozy, and welcoming. It is amazing how the servers whiz around the closely placed tables! They have a great three course prix fixe option, where you can choose an appetizer, entree, and a dessert from the ala carte menu. The sweetbread was one of my favorite dishes, and the duck breast was also good, on top of a bed of polenta. The restaurant is very authentic, because just like in France, the meal took it's time getting to us. (Maybe a little too long..) BUT, for a nice French meal in the Richmond, Chapeau! is the place to go. Bon Apetite!
you know it's going to be a wonderful night when as soon as you walk into the restaurant, chef phillippe greets you ecstatically (he makes sure to say hi to every guest). we weren't let down with the luxury and decadence of a 2.5 hour/4-course meal at chapeau (i was so tired by dessert i couldn't lift up my camera). our taste buds were tickled in every which way and the service was impeccable. highlights included the seared foie gras with granny smith apples, the lavender honey dijon glazed poussin with rock shrimp, and the bacon wrapped pork loin with parsnip puree. who am i kidding...EVERYTHING was dreamy and fabulous, good enough to put you into a blissful french food coma. you'll wake up when chef phillippe gives you a double kiss goodbye but then you'll be back in a reverie in no time.
Type of restaurant: NeighborhoodyFood: 5Atmosphere: 5Service: 5Dog-Friendly: No--------------------------------------------------Plus (+):Great neighborhood restaurantMinus (-):Recently, they haven't been calling back when I've left reservation requests. They use to call back every time:(--------------------------------------------------A-W-E-S-O-M-E.Philippe & Ellen make you feel at home! Atmosphere is friendly and very neighboorhoody :)Food is great! Love the chocolate profiteroles!Thanks for reading:)
Wow! Where do I start? This was one of the best meals I have ever had, if not THE best. Service and Food were amazing.TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
Cute small restaurant. First time there was for my sister's birthday dinner. I enjoyed that a lot since I got to try out a lot of the other dishes that everyone got. Nice decor, good food and the staff were really friendly. Went back a couple of times and had the same good experience. It is a little pricey, parking is a little hard to find since it's street parking but I think that you should at least give this place a try.
came here for dinner last night. the food was fantastic. i had the black cod dish which was very yummy...i could have done without the huge quarters of onion and fennel salad, but otherwise very good. my sister got the salmon dish. my other sister and hubby got the prime rib special for two. the prime rib was amazing. the portions were huge and the sides (green beans and scalloped potatoes) were quite tasty as well. we also got the mussel appetizer which we literally slurped up because it was sooo good. service was great. the way they price their menu is a bit confusing though. there's combo meals and items ala carte, +$6 here and +$10 there. too much work.side note: the ladies bathroom did not live up to the decor of the restaurant. a bit rundown if you ask me. girls notice these things.
Amazing French restaurant. The owner is so friendly, the service so attentive (might not be super fast, but eating dinner is an experience and if you don't want to wait, go to Burger king). The simplicity in the restaurant (white walls, white tables) makes the focus more on the food. Fois Gras is the most splendid dish on the menu, the unique combination between the apple crunch and tartness with the melt-in-your-mouth Fois Gras....mmmm.
I think this place is overrated. It really depends on what you order on the menu. I ordered the strip bass, and to tell you the truth it was fishy and it wasn't good. The pork and seared foie gras were amazing though. Desserts were alright. At the end of the meal, there was a BIG bug on my under my plate! We told the server, they just wiped it off. Then we told the manager and she just apologized. I work at a restaurant... and for a place like Chapeau, I don't think a plain "sorry" was good enough.
Chapeau, since they've changed locations and become a much bigger restaurant, is on my flagged list. It used to be my ace-in-the-hole romantic dinner place to bring my husband and have a perfectly executed, relatively inexpensive meal where you feel special throughout the experience.Not the last time I went there.CONS:Loud, distracted service, iffy execution on the meals (granted, I was hosting a party of 12 that night so I could have been part of the problem). Very little personal attention from the front of the house which had been one of the previous restaurant's signature touches.PROS:Fabulous wine list (incredible under $40-a-bottle selection), creative and well-priced menu, front of the restaurant has some window tables that look like they retain the charm of the former Chapeau.I'll go back. But it will be awhile. It's just no longer a go-to in my list of must-visit places in SF.
Hubby and I came here on a Saturday for my birthday. After reading all the rave reviews and waiting forever to get a reservation at a reasonable hour, we were seriously underwhelmed. For apps, our green salad arrived slightly wilted, and the artichoke soup's flavor was nice, but it was far too heavy. My tasting fish (monkfish) was fine but not spectacular. For mains, my scallops were good flavor-wise, but slightly gritty (not what you expect at $26 bucks for three scallops). My husband's pork was probably the best dish we had. Our desserts were disappointing. The chocolate cake tasted scorched and the apple tart was plain awful -- the apples were far too crunchy and the crust flavorless. The tart was served unpleasantly cold. Service was very slow -- we were in the restaurant for nearly 2 1/2 hours.The next time we're craving French we'll go to L'Ardoise. And the next time we're in the Richmond will go to Mandalay.
It was one enchanted evening at Chapeau! from the moment that Philippe chased me onto the street to give me his card and encourage me to return. He didn't have to wait long-30 seconds later, the host dashed down the street to tell us that someone had cancelled their reservation and they could take us. Usually, this sort of behavior would turn me off (were you REALLY completely booked?), but we arrived at 5:50 and by 6:30 the place was totally full.I haven't noticed half glasses of wine available at any other establishment (that's not to say that they aren't available-just that I hadn't seen them) The one thing Man Candy recalled from his last visit was that the french onion soup was out of this world, and it did not disappoint. Tomato bisque? Outstanding. My filet mignon? cooked perfectly, and served over little potato lovelies with a light morel sauce! Between courses, we were brought a complimentary serving of cream of califlower soup to cleanse the palette-somehting I would have never tried on my own due to my disinterest in vegetables, but it would have been my loss.  Just as requested, Chapeau! got us in and out in 90 minutes, as required by our plans for the evening. Unfortunatly, this meant foregoing dessert.Yes, the tables are close together, and as such, it's not going to be a quiet meal. But the romance of the place is undeniable. I felt like we'd slipped off on vacation. We don't want to rush back because there is no way our expectations could be so vastly exceeded again-and we'd like to remember the night as perfect.Kiss, kiss to Philippe-Keep it up! Worth a special trip to the Richmond.
If you're looking for a quiet place, this place ain't for you. If you're looking for a roomy place, this ain't the place for you. If you're looking for a perfect dining experience, look no further. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. You can't miss with 3 or 4 course prix fixe and the service complements the food perfectly. If you are looking for an intimate quiet dinner, try going during the week for the last seating. I rank this place right up there with the best french restaurants in the city but at half the price.
Philippe and Ellen Gardelle know how to run the perfect French bistro. We had dinner with my parents here recently and the attention to service was nearly perfect. There is a great sense of personality and neighborhood, most likely because of Chapeau's location, but also because of the graciousness and gregariousness of both the owners; they really make it a point to stop by each table and/or greet you at the door. Oh the food? Fantastic, very French. The lamb is terrific, but also keep an eye out on the specials of the night. All in all, a very reasonable meal as well, I'd probably enjoy Chapeau even if the bill was twice as much.
to be honest... the food was disappointing given how high the reviews were... but, the service was great (as in, the staff was nice and knowledgeable, but not efficient..it took them 3.5 hours to serve our 4 course dinner). The chef is such a charming character though. He ran out of the restaurant to give us (4 asian girls on a girls-night-out) kisses as we were leaving....haha.. ok, back to the food review: * appetizers were decent: scallops, salmon and fried prawns were good. fresh oysters just so so.* entrees were disappointing: the monk fish was so tough and dry that our knives couldn't cut through it (obviously we didn't finish it ). the outer layer of the salmon was good but the flavors didn't penetrate through. another friend had a white fish dish with some white sauce.. so unmemorable that I can't even describe it now.* dessert was great: fav part of the meal (i can feel my bf rolling his eyes when he sees this one day.. "when has she ever hated dessert?".. but anyway.. *muah*)... the chilled mango soup was refreshing, sorbets were all very good. I wish they had told us earlier about the souffles though (we didn't want to wait another 25 minutes for dessert).
Woohoo, this is my first review on Yelp!!! :-DI went one Sunday evening and was surprised that there are no waiting list at all. Two of us got seated right away and all I have to say it's by far one of the top three French restaurants I have eaten. Nice decor, friendly service and food was excellent. Can't wait to bring my another half there to try!!! Must try...
Chapeau is a dining experience. Everything about it was remarkable. Phillipe and his crew made for the best dinner in memory. I couldn't recommend it more. Not a negative thing could be said. Check it. Thanks again, Phillipe!
This is the best French restaurant I've been to. I loved everything. The amuse bouche, the three courses, and the chef. He came out to apologize for seating our party late, and saw us out of the restaurant (probably because we left after closing?) I can't give this place enough praise. Everything was perfectly seasoned and perfected cooked. I would come back here in a heartbeat.
While we've been going to Chapeau for years, this time was a real eye opener.We've always allowed Philipe to select our wine, but we wasn't there when we got there, but his wife Ellen, made a perfect recommendation!As alway the food portions were just enough without going overboard!This is a perfect French Bistro, but make sure you have a reservation!
My meal here was good, Don't get me wrong as I gave only two stars. The service, ambiance decor were very warm and therefore nice. It is very tight quarters and a little on the noisy side but not overbearing. Its just that other than my appetizer it was a very forgettable meal and experience in total. My dinner companion's main course along with my Lamb dish was just ok not earthshatttering as some of the reviews I have read on here have intimated. I even added salt which didn't help (and I rarely ever do that). I am not sure why all the high marks, and there's no way this is even close to Grand Cafe or Gary Denko as someone said in their review. Sorry. At $115.00 for two Two course meals and one iced tea it was dissapointing at best. Maybe an off night? I hope so as I have been walking past this place last 3 years wanting to go in and eat as it all sounds so good on paper! Back to my meal: I would order alacarte and skip dessert if u go and maybe their wine is great, I didn't get to try any this time. And maybe your visit will be better. I appreciated the customary owner-hand shake and welcome. I would like to go back and try again, but with the $$$$ menu it might be some time. Sorry Chapeau, Ille nest pas trop bonne!
What a true gem in SF! The most reasonable french meal you can have bar none. Food is great. Service is fantastic. As other reviews indicate, when the chef makes the extra effort to come out to greet and welcome you and say good-bye and thank you when you leave... it goes a long way for a memorable experience.Definitely an example why I love SF. hidden, unexpected, unpretentious, fabulous food.
Reasonably priced, wonderful Haute Cuisine.the palce is really, really crapmed inside and its hard to find the first time you go. A black velvet drape keeps passers-by from seeing in. Once inside, there is no waiting area and chances are, that even with a reservation, all teh table will be full. That means you can wait out on the street, which cen be pretty chilly in SF, or you can wait in teh back by the bathrooms. Once you get your table, the magic begins. :-)
love this place, great value for the price
Summary:Price: Above AverageFood: DecentMust Try: Creme Bruleeone night, i suddenly wanted to eat creme brulee so I went on YELP to check. According to reviews, chapeau has good creme brulee so i decided to give it a try. ANYWAY, i arrived at around 8 : 30 and the restaurant was 85% full. So I ordered creme brulee to go and it was amazing. Worth trying. if u like creme brulee ( though a bit exp) p.s the chef was super friendly
Had the grilled escargot in an awesome sauce, beautifully tender pan seared duck med-rare and paired an incredible Syrah.I can not begin to fathom the words to describe this experience.Will definitely come back.
Excellent French food. Friendly service. Reasonable prices. What more could you ask for. Highly recommended.
I love this place ! the service was prompt and friendly and the food amazing !!! I cant wait to go back!
We had an excellent meal with excellent service here. It's a small storefront, fairly crowded and fairly noisy. The service is highly attentive and personable. Their deconstructed Napolean is a kick. An enjoyable evening, and if it wasn't for the 3000 mile trek, we'd be back.
Amazing food. Best french onion soup I have ever tasted. My entree was cooked to perfection. Service was impeccable.
My girlfriend and I took my Mom and her neighbor here for mother's day, after striking out with a reservation at Firefly, which is closer to home.Apart from the place being nondescript in an already anonymous part of the Richmond, this was a great experience. The staff was courteous, did not sneer when I asked about some of the French cooking terminology, made excellent food and wine suggestions, and did what I like best when I go to a restaurant: they made everything happen without us paying any attention to it. Our water glasses were magically always full, used silverware was replaced proactively, and attention was given to our needs without any oleaginous hovering. Food arrived niether too soon, nor late enough to trigger irritation, which gave us time to appreciate each course and talk.I recommend the three course Prix Fixe -- it's an incredible bargain at $33. Your choice of an appetizer, entreee and dessert from the full menu as well as an amuse bouche. While I can't remember specifically what we ate, it all looked fantastic and tasted better. My only gripe other than the difficulty finding it at night was that the lights kept varying in intensity through the meal.I also want to take special note of the fact that you are greeted by the owner (Philippe?) at the door as you enter, and when you leave, he escorts you out. This is a phenomenal thing -- this earthy, genuine-feeling gesture changed that night from another good meal in the big city to a onewhere we were made to feel special, that our choice and our presence were appreciated.I'll be coming back, with friends.
Solid 3.5 stars. I have been wanting to come here for a while now since my BFF tells me it's AMAZING. So I had really high expectations. To celebrate my birthday, some friends took me here. The restaurant is small but cozy, and looks like a nice neighborhood place. We had 8pm reservations and were seated promptly. The place was packed with people waiting at the bar. For dinner, I opted for the prix-fixe menu, where you could select an appetizer, entree, and dessert for a pretty decent price. For appetizer, I ordered the deep fried tiger prawns. It was good and the batter was light and crispy. My friend got the onion soup, which I tried and also thought was tasty. The cheese was nicely melted and gooey. For my entree, I got the special that night, which was the pan seared scallops over risotto. This was good. I enjoyed it. Hubby got the duck and that was pretty good too. My friend got the filet mignon and asked for it medium rare but unfortunately, it came out almost well done, so it was tough and chewy, without a lot of flavor. Her husband got the pork tenderloin and it was a bit on the bland side, as well. When the server came over to ask how our entrees were, my friend told him the filet was overcooked. The server was very nice about it and apologized and offered to take it back, but since they already ate half of it, they didn't want to make a big fuss. To make it up to us, they gave us 2 desserts on the house, in addition to the ones we already ordered. That put our total to 7 desserts. LOL. It was definitely dessert overload. I really enjoyed the napoleon, surprisingly. I didn't think I would like it but I really enjoyed how fresh it was with the all the fruits. It definitely wasn't like a traditional napoleon. My other favorite was the profiteroles. The french toast was interesting since I would typically associate that with breakfast rather than dessert. It was a bit sweet for me because of the caramel they drizzled on top, but my hubby really liked it. Overall, the experience at Chapeau was good but not great. I guess I just had really high expectations, given the raves and reviews. I would come back again to give it another try.
I love this place even before they changed the name from Clementine to Chapeau. Great service and excellent food.
Fantastic French food at a reasonable price! We loved it. We had heard good things about it from a few friends. And when they mentioned it, I had asked "a good French restaurant? In the inner Richmond?" And yup, it's true. Came here for the early bird pre fixe, which was totally worth it. Ambiance was cozy. Such a gem in the inner richmond.
On the recommendation of a friend, my boyfriend and I made an early evening res at Chapeau, and we were not disappointed! Friendly, attentive service despite having to maneuver in the smallish space. Value-wise, you can't top the price fixe menu--$25 for three courses of good size. The creme brulee was especially delicious. I'd refer anyone here! Bon appetit Yelpers.
We walked in and within 30 seconds were seated at our table. The place is crowded and cramped but strangely enough, not uncomfortably so. The chef of course came out to greet us and we loved him immediately. The wine we ordered was lovely, the food...what can I possibly say about the food that will give it justice? Beautifully prepared French food that was rich and tasty without being overly creamy or overly buttery. Everything was just right.The dinner took about two hours. We had a great time getting drunk on the Bordeaux so we barely noticed. Dessert was wonderful too, a warm chocolate cake we shared that was not too sweet. I have to mention one minus however. There were three children in the small restaurant. One was an new infant. Granted they were good kids and only acted up once or twice (each), but come on people! Get a baby sitter! Any fine dining experience is diminished when some inconsiderate moron brings in a toddler, but three in a tiny little place? Barring that, it was near perfect.
The best French food I've eaten in my life (so far)! It's always busy so you definitely need to make reservations. When I went there the first time, it was VERY crowded and the restaurant seemed small. Otherwise, all I can say is that their food is delicious and they have great service!
I do not think my expectations were any higher for this place knowing that it is highly rated on Yelp. Perhaps my first experience was not typical. The service was not up to par for my expectations for a $60 per person meal. The food was definitely good, although IMHO the appetizers we had were the best--that was part of the problem.One of us had the 3 course prix fixe, and I had the 4 course. We each had a glass of wine. That adds up to $110+ before tip. Sure, I suppose it's still a good deal for what you get, but be warned: it adds up. The prices have gone up: 3 course is $40, 4 course $45, and if you get the 4 course with a palette cleanser, it's $49. I also was not so pleased to find out after the fact that the glass of wine I ordered(which was a substitute for something they had run out of in the menu) was more expensive than any other wine by the glass on the menu. We were not in a hurry at all, since our reservation was at 6:15 on a Friday. However, multiple times I found myself looking up to see if a server would attend to us. I understand that they were busy, but again, I expected better service. The only time I saw our appointed server was during the order, the filling of the wine, and when he brought the check after 9pm. They really took their time, and my butt felt it on the wooden chair. When you find yourself shifting your bottom more than once out of discomfort, it's a sure sign that things are rolling along slowly.We didn't leave until after 3 hours later--some of it was definitely due to the slowness in service. Based on this first experience, I am not sure if I'd be back. I certainly would be a bit hesitant to give it a second try.They're "merging" with Clementine about a week from this review and will be in the Inner Richmond from there on.
i just realized that i never thanked chapeau for accommodating my going away party at their new location back in the fall. yelp says it's small and not a good place for large groups, but i heard about how delicious their food is and what a good deal the early bird prix fixe is that i wanted to try it before leaving sf. i called them and they said they could accommodate my party of 14 on sunday at 5p. the night of our dinner, the chef was very friendly, introduced himself to our table, and thanked each person at the end of dinner (including double kisses for the girls). the only thing that needed to be worked on was one of our servers was a bit snooty. two people cancelled on the dinner when i got to the restaurant so i told the server right away that there will only be 12 people in case he wanted to take a table away to accommodate other guests later. instead, he gave me attitude for that (this was right when they opened at 5p when they weren't busy yet). other than that, we had a great time at chapeau, and the 3-course early bird prix fixe for $25.50 was definitely a steal!
I love you so, Chapeau! Such a wonderful neighborhood place - its been my all-around warm & cuddly fave since I first went 6 years ago. Then I got engaged there, and now its even more special. Get the window seat, though, if you want to have a conversation. But, with food that good (and a kiss as you leave - merci, Phillippe!) you'll be too busy stuffing your mouth to have much to say.
I had a fantastic 3-course price fixed meal here.1- Warm brie over a potato pancake and greens with a wine reduction sauce (yum!)2- Scallops with butternut squash risotto and lobster bisque (delish!)3- Apple tarte (perfect crust!)So why didn't this get 5 stars? Because they stored the extra chairs in the women's bathroom! If I had a few more glasses of wine, I would have tripped right over one and landed in the you-know-what. Tsk tsk, Chapeau...But, still loved the place. Try it out!
This place is a great neighborhood gem. Started with oysters, moved on to the salmon tartar and foie gras, main courses the cassoulet and the lamb, and dessert, blueberry pastry and chocolate cake, everything uniformly excellent. Not to mention the wine list is eminently reasonable--we had a bottle that i've seen at the store for $20 for $31.After a brief delay after we were seated, staff was quite attentive--my water glass was never empty.Only one problem--while its a great neighborhood spot, it ain't my neighborhood. But i'll be back.
I took my better half To Chapeau! last night for a little b'day celebration and we had an amazing night. From the wine to dessert, we were both quite impressed, sometime wondering why it took as so long to come back. The server offered his opinion when it came to their wine selection and it was exactly what we wanted; light and easy. We started with their spinach salad and it was absolutely scrumptious, with lots of pecans and a bleu cheese candy bread on the side. Fantastic!Then I had their pan-seared duck breast while my hubby had their filet mignon, which simply melts in your mouth. Both dishes were absolutely divine.We top off the evening with their desserts and I must say their warm chocolate cake was simply sinful, kinda like 'death by chocolate'.The good thing about this dining experience is the fact that you can choose your menu for a fix price, well with some adjustments depending on the entree you choose, otherwise, I think it's a great deal.Highly recommended.
4.5 starsExcellent food. Everything we had was great except they were out of the cassoulet. Also, we forgot to try out the fries and mussels. I guess I'll have to try that the next time I go back :).The only thing I docked 1/2 a star was because the wait staff kept pacing down the aisles that I didn't feel comfortable eating. The place is also incredibly tiny and you are sit less than elbow's distance from another table.
This is such a great French place that you have to go at least once, or twice or....  The space is tight, know that going in and you will be okay.The food is top notch but not overly French like you might think, no heavy sauces, no snooty waiters and its not really decorated.Awesome pre fixe menu that is very reasonable. The food is addictive. Nice wine list and mimimal corkage fee if you want to bring your own wine. Start with a glass of champagne either way. The owners are adorable and you will love their charm. Go now and go often.
Dined here with the hubby for a pre-Valentine's Day dinner, and it was AMAZING! You'd never know there was such a quality French restaurant amid all the Asian restaurants and pizzerias. We started out with a cocktail at the bar while waiting for our table to be ready. Though there's no cocktail menu, they can pretty much make anything you want. The staff made us feel so welcome and was very attentive making sure we were happy. Even the chef came out and greeted us, which was a pleasant surprise! After we were seated, we had a lovely waiter who was always coming around to make sure we were satisfied and our glasses never went empty. We both ordered the menus with salade landaise and moule frites as apps and the cassoulet and filet mignon as entrees. The salade was our favorite, as the duck was so flavorful, delicate, and tender, but we loved everything we ordered.  The portions were just right, even for my meat and potatoes hubby. For dessert we got the creme brulee and the tarte du jour (apple with hazelnut ice cream), which was a perfect ending to our evening. The chef even came out and thanked us as we were leaving. We can't wait to go back for more!
i love this place! i saw it on an episode of check please bay area on KQED a while ago and had wanted to go ever since. Ray and i were in the city last weekend and it was the perfect time to go. we made reservations a few weeks in advance through open table, and even then we could only choose 6:00 or 8:30, so we knew it was going to be busy. we opted for the 6:00 reservation, and when we arrived last saturday night, we knew which table was ours, it was the only one open!it was a lone table in the front window, which was nice because we didnt have to deal with rubbing elbows with the people at the tables next to ours as other people have noted. it was loud, but since i was expecting it after reading reviews here, it didnt bother me. we of course went with the prix fixe menu. ray ordered the french onion soup, but they were out so he got the creamy vegetable-type soup (i cant remember the name. oh yes, veloute!) and it was so good! he ordered the bacon wrapped pork and the chocolate cake for dessert. he liked it all! i cant say anything about his, i liked mine too much to even think about what he was eating!i had the warm brie on the potato and leek dauphine (it was good, not awesome really, except the purple sauce that was on it, it was VERY good!). for my entree i had the filet mignon and this is the real reason i am giving this place 5 stars. i have NEVER had a steak cooked as perfectly as this one. and it was perfectly seasoned, served with garlic-type mushrooms and something sort of like home-fries, little perfect cubes of perfectly fried potato. oh my god. seriously, i think it may have been the best entree of my 24 years of existence. for dessert, i have the tarte grand mere and again, oh my god! the crust was perfect, the custard was not too thin and not too thick, and the apples were tender but still had their texture, and were not too sweet. i really liked that the scoop of vanilla ice cream served next to the tarte was sprinkled with a little turbinado sugar, it added a good texture. ray said that his rum rasin ice cream had the same sugar, something so simple made a big difference!we didnt have anything to drink except water, and we had to be the only people there not drinking wine, just not our thing. but their wine list was very extensive and there seemed to be something for everyone there.so it was a little over $100 with tip, and it was worth every penny! the only thing was that parking was really hard to find, so we had to walk abotu 5 blocks, but it could have been worse. the atmosphere was very laid back and casual, not stuffy at all. i would definitely come back here!
This is a fantastic gem. The owner is accessible and friendly and very handy with a knife and a slab of prime rib. We showed up early for our reservation, and while we had to stand outside, Phillippe (the owner) came out frequently to let us know how long until a table was ready. The service was fantastic, and the food divine. I had a filet mignon that was excellent and my wife had the veal which was mangifique. The appeteizers were delectable and the deserts fantastique.Can it be that perfect? No. The place is small and a bit cramped and that also makes it quite loud. If you want a quiet romatic spot this isn't it. Sometimes my wife and I had trouble hearing each other talk. We also experienced a couple of slight delays when we asked for water and I asked for pepper for my salad. Despite these small drawbacks, if you want incredible food and great service, this is the place. HIGHLY recommend it.
As far as neighborhood French restaurant go this is as good as it gets. Delicious food, classy decor and friendly staff.
I've been wanting to try this restaurant forever. The meal started with a complimentary melon soup that seemed to have a hint of pepper. Then I had smoked trout for an appetizer. The tomato bisque soup was also really really good. I had the tenderloin for the main course which was wrapped in bacon set over cabbage. Finally to end the meal, I had a vanilla bean creme brulee. By that time I was stuffed, but I always have room for dessert. I left the restaurant feeling so satisfied. This place is a great value and I think can rank at par or better to the other high-end fancy shmancy French restaurants in the City.
Why can't I give a half star? It's four point five our of five.Everything perfect except for being able to hear the woman next to me breathe and smelling the overly-perfumes woman on my other side. By the vodka with lemon sorbet thing robbed me of my senses and everything was fine again.
Chapeau! is currently my favorite restaurant. We went the first time about a month ago and have been back three times since then. The three course menu for $33 is a great value. Its better then many bistros in Paris.Some of my favorite dishes include:- The Arugula salad with melted brie (Best starter)- Salmon with Mango sauce- DuckI know most people love the chocolate cake, but personally I prefer the orange soup or the sorbets.Two warnings: The dining room is fairly small and it will be crowded and cramped. Also as my friend Raoul pointed out this is not fast food. But actually thats why I love the place. I want to go to a restaurant with friends and not be rushed out. I actually appreciate some time between the courses. But again thats me and others might not like it.BTW the wine selection is great. last time we had a French Merlot and it was excellent.Summary: Excellent French food in a slightly remote part of the city, but worth the drive.
The food lives up to the hype! I don't really consider this your typical French restaurant. Portion is surprisingly big. We came here on a Monday night because getting reservation on short notice is nearly impossible. There was a wait at 8pm and the line never cleared up the entire time we were there. We order two pre fixe meals: filet mignon and pork tenderloin special. The duck confit salad was delicious! I can't remember what was the other app we ordered. Main entrees were superb, probably the best filet mignon and pork tenderloin I've ever tasted. We had three desserts because what we originally ordered was out so they comp'ed us one. The chocolate cake was standard but the profiteroles is now one of my fave desserts! The owner is really friendly, he comes out to greet everyone. Excellent food and excellent service!
Consistently delicious French fare! We been eating at Chapeau! for several years (following them from old Chapeau! location to Clementine to this Chapeau!) and they never disappoint. Chef Philippe and staff are all very friendly and give you just the adequate amount of attention. The atmosphere is elegant without being stuffy or pretentious. The food is delicious and the reasonable price is a bonus which allows us to visit the restaurant more than we could otherwise. Merci beaucoup Phillippe!
did you know that chapeau without an exclamation point means "hat" but inclusion of the exclamation point means WOW?okay i can't remember that it means hat, but whatever. the point is that the exclamation point is definitely appropriate, cuz WOW this food is amazing! the service is impeccable. they asked to take our coats, pulled out our chairs for us, and were very knowledgeable about wine pairings and the food choices. and the food! where do i start? they have this menu choice where you can choose an appetizer, an entree and dessert. and they all have more than enough choices!! the portions were more than hearty, not at all what i'd expect from a french restaurant. we were really full and had to take back some food (something they do'nt really do in france, i heard) but they were really good about this as well. they took the meat off the lamb bone of my friend's entree for her, and wrapped the styrofoam boxes in aluminum to make them look like baskets (easy handling). the only iffy thing was that the tables are close together. i heard EVERYTHING the table next door said, and i'm sure they could hear every bit of our conversation. whatever. totally worth the fabulous food.
Terrific food. I had an amazing four course meal with complex flavors and terrific wine pairings. It was really remarkable. I live in the neighborhood and hadn't gone their before. I will definitely be back.
My husband and I went Chapeau cuz your site showed raving reviews on this restaurant. We were greeted very warmly by a gentleman in a chef outfit. However, the waiter we had was turn-up-the nose, typical arrogant attitude of a high-end restaurant wait staff. He had very thick French accent that we had hard time understanding him but when I couldn't pronounce a menu, he snobbishly said " I can't hear you, madam." standing stiff 10 feet away!!!Food was over all good but the rack-of-lamb was 2 thumbs down according to my husband who is a lamb expert. It was very fatty and too thready meat, certainly not the quality for the caliber of the restaurant. We had a nice "send-off" by the same gentleman who greeted us earlier with a hug & rose :)
Dinner here was really really good, but the experience lacked a certain something that would have pushed it into 5-star territory. I can't name any single thing that was bad, but when I think back to my meal, I just don't picture it as a 5-star experience. A very solid 4-star experience, sure. No arguments whatsoever. Food was great, service was great, atmosphere was good. And the company was excellent, but I can't credit the restaurant for that; they're MY friends!
This place is just wonderful. Great, great food. No flaws. Maybe a bit pricey so save up, but it's well worth a special occasion. I liked the cozy feel. It felt romantic and cute to us. Possibly the best "cute friendly French" experience in SF.
I have always wanted to start writing reviews on Yelp for the many places in San Francisco that I have had the pleasure, and displeasure, of experiencing first-hand. Chapeau! was the place that inspired me to create an account and write my first review. I came here tonight with my boyfriend to have a nice meal and celebrate an accomplishment at work. From beginning to end, the experience warrants 5 stars. I called from the office to reserve a table. The friendly hostess let me know that they did not have any openings at 5:30 PM (we wanted to check out the Early Bird prix fix menu) but that we could sit at one of the tall bar tables - which she recommended to me as a quiet, nestled placement in the restaurant where you can enjoy your date. 1 star for that! We were seated within seconds of walking in and had the pleasure of being greeted by one of the best waiters/bartenders I have EVER come across in any of my dining experiences. Another star for that! The staff was informative, friendly, on top of every possible detail and the chef came out to introduce himself and shake our hand! I've never felt more welcome in a restaurant. A third star for that! We decided to go with the Early Bird prix fix and started off with the soup with crab cake and salmon appetizer. Next, we devoured the Salmon with corn and arugula and the Chicken with veal, potatoes, garlic, spinach, and onion. For dessert, we ordered the creme brulee and the french toast with hazelnut ice cream (both by far the best desserts i've had, anywhere)! A fourth star for that! We also enjoyed the French Chardonnay (recommended by our bartender, and delicious) and the Pinot Noir. There is no doubt in my mind that we will be returning to Chapeau! for many dates in the future. Thank you for a wonderful evening and for the inspiration to start reviewing on Yelp! Of course, a 5th star for that :)
What a surprise! You would not think of having a great French meal for a reasonable price in the City, let alone in the Richmond District. I applaud the food and the service. The tables are a too close for comfort though. But after you've had the food you can appreciate their effort to accommodate the demand for the place.
4 of us went for 2 of my friends' birthday. I was very disapointed with the experience and have to apologize to my friends for the not so great evening for their birthdays! Not a pleasant experiene all in all! 1. Had to wait for 45 min to be seated even with a reservation. And the owner/chef told us to wait for 2 min only. Not a good planner at all. We could have gone next door for some drinks - if we had known we would wait for that long. And every 15 min that I asked, the chef/owner told us - the table is ready. What a dispointment!!2. Ordered 2 different wines - both of which are not available any longer. Apparently, the wine list is not updated at all. And the first wine I ordered - pinot noir - our waiter who pretends he knows a lot about wine said, "oh, you want dessert wine?".  Of course, we were just laughing. He came back with a more expensive wine (which I know was not good at all) - and said the wine we ordered is not available.Then, the 2nd time we ordered wine - medoc - the same waiter said, oohhh... now you want cabernet?? I looked at him, then I said "I hope you are getting the right wine". He came back, of course - with a different wine which is more expensive and said he didn't have the one we ordered. So, we just settled - since we don't want to keep waiting. Did I say - this is 1-1/4 hours after our reservation???3. I told the chef this dinner is for both of my friends' birthday. He made no attempt to bring candles for them.The chef sent us a free appetizer and dessert. Which I thought is quite nice. But, given the so unpleasant experience for the first 1-1/2 hours - i think it had just ruined it for me.Will I come back - absolutely NO!!! There are better french restaurants out there with a much better service and better food....
Does this place even need anymore reviews? To date 552 reviews at 4.5 stars. Wowzers. My friends and I (eleven Asians & 1 white) ate here one evening. My homies were so- late. Like an hour late. But the staff at Chapeau were very accomodating and nice about the whole thing. The food was incredible. It's like Michael Mina's without the posh, high end stuffiness. We brought our own wine, so we had corkage. All in, we had a feast at $90/pp including tip, corkage. That's a bargain at this level of game, son.
I love this place! The food is very good, and the service is even better!!! The only downside is the space - a bit tight for me... but some like the the cozy feel.
PERFECT dining experience!Everything about Chapeau was fantastic. I have only eaten there once and I'm dying to get back. The Chef/Server/Greeter/Schmoozer made the food taste that much better. He was warm and you could tell he was truly excited you were there and enjoying yourself. He seemed to make a point to get to every table and at least say a quick hello. The service cant be beaten.I had the three course prix fix and each course exceeded the bounds of my taste bud's ability to interpret flavor.The dining room is small and cozy and really adds to the experience. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation right now.... you wont be disappointed!
This place is the reason to go to the Richmond
I'm leaning toward a 4.5 on this one...Chapeau was such a wonderful experience. The owner is so warm and welcoming, it almost feels like you're sitting in his dining room.Food was excellent, and the service was decent. The dining room was cramped...didn't really have that "cozy" feeling, but hey, this is San Francisco...cramped dining rooms are pretty standard.I'd suggest the salmon...so delicious. My boyfriend started with the sweetbreads, which kind of made me gag, not because of the preparation, but because I know what sweetbreads are. Sick. But his lamb was excellent...Check out Chapeau!!!
A perfect bistro! Great food, service and ambience for a terrific price. The front of house and chef made us feel most welcome and followed our table (as all the other tables) throughout the evening, making sure we had a delightful time. This is a chef/owner who takes care of his customers, who appeared to be many repeats from the neighborhood.  A well-rounded, inspired selection of apps,entrees, and desserts, with the added bonus of amuse bouche and palette cleansers.  We dine out frequently throughout the Bay Area, and this is a solid entry to become a regular. Whenever we're at the deYoung, we'll finish the day at Chapeau!
I'm not sure what I can say that hasn't been said here already. The food is consistently amazing, and probably half the price of what you'd pay for a similar quality meal elsewhere. The chef/owner is very nice and personable and seems genuinely pleased that you enjoy his cooking. And the "Good wines for around $30" section of the wine list hasn't steered me wrong yet. (In fact, I'm tempted to steal a copy of the wine list so I can go buy some of those bottles on my own.)The space is definitely small, and the lack of any sort of waiting area makes it difficult to wait inside for your table, so if you're going on a busy night, bring a jacket.
came here for my birthday 3 years ago and had a wonderful meal and a great time. Very small husband & wife run restaurant but the food is excellent... probably because they have the time to put effort into it (not having to rush short orders in huge restaurant and all). Would definitely come back.. they give you the check in a cute hat.... I do love it here. Wish my bf would care more to bring me....
CHAPEAU! At 126 clement St SF, CA is a fantastic Restaurant, and a bargain. This French bistro has an early bird price fix for $28.00 (three courses) that is excellent, Yes let the jokes begin, no I'm not over 60 and do have all my teeth. They have lowered the price but not the quality. The authentic French food was magnifique, the service was excellent. The owner/chief comes out and greets each table but not as an owner who has to but it is a warm greeting as a friend. The staff is knowledgeable about the food, its preparation, proper service and the proper wine for your meal.   It was my wife's birthday and we are on a tight budget, but you would not know it by the food we ate, I had the Escargots, Cassoulet de Toulouse Canellini Beans/ Shredded Braised Lamb Shoulder/Duck Leg Confit/ Garlic & Toulouse Sausage and Vanilla Bean Crme Brule it was perfect. My wife had the flounder with a sauce to die for. Chapeau! has recently moved and is now in what use to be Clementine. They have ordered a new sign but it is not there yet so keep your eyes open when you go there.
How can you miss with the early bird special? The food is fabulous and the price/quality value is top notch.I had the tart,baby chicken and french toast,all super yummy!
The service here is outstanding. My wine glass was never empty, never a dirty plate or utensil unless in use, if I got up for any reason I would return to a fresh folded napkin in my place, there was even this little guy who scraped every crumb from my area between courses (props to him, because I am very messy and there were a lot of crumbs).The place was a little small, and the decor a bit bland, but the food was good, and more reasonable than I thought. If you go early enough to catch the special, a three course French meal won't leave you broke for the entire weekend. And the chef is a cutie pie. Muah! Muah! My cheeks thank him, too!
Overall impression - average. It's a cramped space with lots of butt bumping and conversation sharing between tables. The service was excellent. The whole kiss-kiss thing with the owner just wierds me out .... really, people, do ya want him kissin y'all? Food was ok ... I left disappointed because I had heard such good things. Many, many better restaurants in this city with easier parking and prettier after-dinner strolls available. Not cheap at all, despite what some reviews say. We won't go back.
We went to this restaurant a little over a month ago based on great reviews here and in the Zagat guide. While the prix fixe was a good value, the place needed some work. What I loved was that the owner warmly greets you when you arrive and depart. I felt the hospitality of a neighborhood Parisian bistro which was nice. But the service did not deliver to my expectations at all. We sat at the bar and unfortunately, the bartender was really unprepared and untrained. She hardly spoke English. We kept trying to get her attention to order a pre dinner drink. It was not even busy yet and the place was mostly empty. She instead asked us what we would like to order for dinner and then busily worked away on rasberry mojitos unskillfully taking longer than that annoying drink should take. We kept trying to get her attention until our first course arrived and we still had not been asked for a drink. Finally, my husband flagged down a waiter though the bartender was standing right in front of us simply flustered and she couldn't understand a word that we said anyway. This waiter was on the ball. We said that we never got a chance to order a cocktail, but at least could we have some wine. He recommended a great bottle and was really fast about making up for the bartender's lack of training and basic language skills. But the timing of our meal was really off and it was so disappointing for the most part. We were there for a Saturday night dinner, it doesn't make sense to put an ill trained person who doesn't speak English in a top service position on such a busy night. I did not really want to do this on yelp, because the owner seems genuinely nice and the other servers are probably better. I tried to email Chapeau! directly, but the email address from the website was invalid. The place has much potential, but on the night we visited it was grossly mismanaged from a service perspective. With so many restaurants in San Francisco, I doubt we will take another chance on this place to return.
I was really excited to go for a friends b-day since I absolutely loved Clementine and couldn't wait to try Chapeau. However I must say I was disappointed! The food was good, but not great. The service was not so attentive, and we had a few mistakes throughout the night. Many people in our party said they would never return. I wouldn't quite agree, but I certainly wouldn't rush back. Maybe it was an off night, but to us it just seemed to really lack that special feel.
This is a consistently good meal. I've been coming here since it was Clementine (primarily for the french toast dessert that is made of challah or some equivalent and just disintegrates - wonderful texture. I don't like french toast, but this is delicious and I'm glad they've kept it on the menu). In any event, the Prix Fixe - worth it. They do have some adjustments kick in 6 for the this or that and so on but it's a damn good bundle. Try the salad lyonaise
this is long overdue. I had one of the best french dining experience here. The food was impeccable. The chef even came out to suggest a wine pairing. The restaurant is tucked away in a residential area of SF. Can't wait to go back again.
The perfect romantc dinner destination. Phillipe is the real deal...the Frenchman with an innate knowledge of how good French food should be prepared and served.The restaurant is small, and we like it that way. The intimate setting, coupled with the simple, elegant menu and wine list, make you want to sit for hours. Most recently I had the lamb, which literally was falling off the bone. Quite honestly the best French food I've had in the US, period.Come back enough and Philippe will greet you by name, and start preparing those way-way off menu items for you. That, my friends, is when it gets really good.
I loved this place. I walked in at 5pm in my tie-dye tshirt and sat at the bar, and they still provided excellent service even though I looked like a dork :-) And the food was delicious and very well presented. Not THAT expensive either...
You would never notice it and may have drove by it quite a few times. But if you do decide to go, it is a quaint and charming restaurant with a very comfortable ambiance, though you may be crammed sometimes since it is very small. It is a French Bistro, so their servings are fair, not tiny bites like normal French cuisines. They offer wonderful pre fixe menus with a variety of options and the service is also exceptional!
It has been a while since we dined at Chapeau! We chanced it one Sunday evening last month. The place had been renovated. It looked much better. The place was soon packed with people. As usual, the owner/chef, Philippe, was ever so charming and gracious. The food was, as it had always been, excellent without being pretentious nor dated. The wine was excellent with our food choices. We will definitely go more often. It felt like visiting an old friend and finding out that we could still take on from where we were but at the same time, with some refreshing new changes.
Unfortunately, I had the same experience with the cassoulet as GwynnieP. last Saturday evening. The lamb shoulder served with it was superb, but the white beans with sausage were inedible. Another thing I found annoying was having the head waiter snatch the last of my glass of Cote du Rhone from the table without so much as a "by-your-leave". It was an obvious attempt to hustle us out the door to make room for the next seating. I'm afraid that with Phillipe fronting his new location at Clementine, Chapeau has slipped considerably in attention to detail.
If it were possible to give this place a zero or negative star rating, I would. But since the minimum is 1 star, this will be my first 1 star experience. Here's the reason why. This weekend was my brother's 30th birthday. However, I had promised M that I would attend a wedding down in LA. I get an email from my brother's fiancee indicating that there was a birthday party Sunday which I thought was going to work out well. We even decided to go to the airport to try to catch an earlier flight. Due to less than stellar flight conditions at SFO, we were delayed getting in which we then promptly rushed to San Francisco. Here is gripe #1. Chapeau! is located in a residential neighborhood with VERY BAD lighting to the point which I wasted a lot of time driving up and down the street looking for it (this is important later) as well as for parking. After we found a spot to park, my thoughts were that the drama was over and we could sit down to a nice meal with my brother and his friends. Sadly this was not to be.To be clear, my brother and his friends were already seated at the restaurant and had been there for quite a while. We walked into the restaurant at 10:10pm at which point we were informed the kitchen was no longer taking any orders after 10pm. My brother had already mentioned to the waiter that we were coming and at no point was he or anyone else alerted that the kitchen was not taking orders (not closed as the dinner party was still only on their first course). Now, you could say that we were late and we deserved it but this was a mere 10 minutes after their policy and given that it was a party of 10 that was probably going to drop serious coin on dinner, one would think that they would be at least somewhat flexible. I would point out that they did relent and offer us the choice of ordering only cold dishes (i.e. appetizers and salads), no soup!! I mean seriously, WTF?I can honestly say that I have never had such a negative dining experience or should I say almost-dining experience. There were no apologies just "this is what it is, take it or leave it". So I chose to vote with my wallet and left. M and I ended up enjoying dinner at a Chinese restaurant on Clement for far less. I would look forward to an apology from the restaurant but I doubt that would be forthcoming. Beware! YMMV.
I love this place. Chef is very friendly and food is great! I will go back here again!
Very good sweetbreads, sizzling foie gras, filet mignon, and prime rib with marrow. Good wine selection. Crowded; tables very close together.
This is my first review on this site, and I am more than happy to be writing about this restaurant. All in all, I had a really great experience here when I came to dine with my father's best friend from out of town.Though the neighborhood was so-so, it was very nice to find a gem like this in such an inconspicuous location. Once we beat our way through the heavy black curtain at the door, we didn't quite realize that we had smashed our way into a den of gastronomical excellence.The truly beautiful thing about this place is its simplicity. The decor is elegant, not pretentious. The servers were polite, knowledgeable, and generally quite receptive to the nonverbal "vibes" we went them -- they seemed to just KNOW when my water needed to be refilled, when my wine glass needed replenishing, and they even noticed when my napkin fell to the floor and brought me a new one right away.The food was excellent. My dining partner and I each had the same thing: a beautiful amuse bouche of a cold cucumber and corn soup, perfectly prepared foie gras appetizer, and prime rib "for two" carved table-side. The foie gras was tasty, and the prime rib was flavorful, tender, and well seasoned over all. My sorbets after dinner were excellent, tart (I had pear, pineapple, and a flavor I can't remember). The food was even better than I had expected, which says a lot given the hype I have heard via newspapers, zagat, and word of mouth.Now, there is a reason I didn't give this place a perfect rating. It was just a little bit slow. The service was precise, thoughtful and crisp, but the pace of the meal was a just a tad "French" to me -- meaning, once we were seated, it took a few minutes for anyone to come take our order for cocktails and a bottle of wine. Once we made our order for a bottle of wine, we "muscled" into ordering something else.All in all, this was a great place to eat. I will certainly return in the near future. Despite its minor shortcomings, this place is a real winner!--WEM
Formidable!Philippe was charming, the food was delish, and the price for the prix fix is a steal for yummy French food in this city. If you love chocolate, make sure to order the chocolate fondant which will send you to chocolate heaven!
Hard to beat the $25 and $32 prix-fixe here... Probably made possible by the rather off-the-beaten path location on Clement and 14th or so, in the OUTER richmond. Before, you could order pretty much any 3 courses for the $25 prix fixe, adding some money if you ordered foie gras, etc. But now it looks like a more rigid prix-fixe structure. Have to go back again soon....The service was great, and the chef/owner is very friendly yet hard-core. The guy pours your first bit of wine for you, but when he does so, he whips out his own little glass, and tries a little bit with you.Only drawback here is the rather cramped arrangement of tables, but the plus side, my date and I actually chatted it up with our neighbors, and had a great conversation with them.Great priced, authentic french food, with good service.
At these prices, the chairs ought to be more comfortable, the service more responsive, and the bathrooms quite a bit more elegant. Granted, the food is OK. However, the experience is sorely lacking. A bit more about the experience... on a cold night, the place is cold because all that is between the diners and the outside is a thick curtain, usually open anyway. The servers are rush through the specials as you start to realize that the chair you're sitting in is not at all comfortable and not exactly the place you want to spend 2 hours of your life. The food comes at a reasonable pace and is OK, but I was not blown away. The bathroom is in desperate need of update. I'm not saying it needs to be Gary Danko elegant, but it should beat the $10-or-less-per-person Chinese restaurants nearby.
Chapeau! is by far my favorite French restaurant in San Francisco. My family has been eating there for close to 8 years now and I love the personal attention we receive from Philippe, restaurant's the owner, chef, host, sommelier, etc. Make sure to get a kiss good night from him before you leave or he will chase you down the block!As everyone has already mentioned, their prix fixe menu is a total steal considering the quality of the food, but I personally enjoy the slower pace of the meal when the eat later in the evening than the cheaper earlier sitting. Plus, you have more time to digest every delicious morsel!Whenever you decide to go, consider ordering the French onion soup, the cassoulet, whatever lamb dish they are serving, the steak frites, the foie gras salad, and you MUST MUST MUST order the profiterolles for dessert. I have dreams about the contrasting texture of their crispy shell and the creamy chocolate sauce and ice cream.I also highly recommend the palate cleansers and bringing your own wine, just so Philippe will come try a glass with your table!
Chapeau! has been a favorite of mine almost since they opened -- nearly 15 years ago.I have never been able to figure out how Philippe and Ellen turn out the quality of food that they do for the exceptional low price. It is AMAZING.I love the desserts -- the chocolate/banana cake! The white nut-filled dessert!So -because I have loved Chapeau! for so many years...it hurts to say this, but I am going to write it in the hope that Philippe reads it.  First of all, the service has always been spotty. When everyone was thrown in like sardines in the old place, you felt that there was an excuse. But it's the same in the new locations and, I believe it is getting worse. Example: I was in a couple of months ago -- late on a weeknight, and the place was more than half empty, so busy-ness not an excuse. Brought a friend who had never been in for a glass of wine, dessert, coffee. He knew that I love the place and the owners and had been coming for years. I almost had to stand up on the table and shout to even get a glass of wine (Ellen was talking with some patron, the maitre d' and waiters were oblivious). Also, the way the front people dress sets the tone for the restaurant and I think they need to raise the bar a bit. Being The Richmond doesn't have much in the way of restaurants with any style -- and I think that's an important niche that Chapeau! has filled. You used to be able to dress up a bit to go to Chapeau. But being greeted by someone who looks like they have been scrubbing floors doesn't really tend to encourage that.  I have only once in my long association with the restaurant taken advantage of the Early Bird Special. Some friends were coming up from San Jose and made a huge effort to get here in time to make it . We looked at the menu and there were scallops as starters...and we asked if it might be possible to get them as an entree. The maitre d' smiled and winked and said "oh, for you, of course I can!" NO mention of any extra charge. when the bill came, there was a significant extra charge that wiped out all the Early Bird savings...and other things were suspicious. I asked about the charge for the scallops and was told "oh no, no...had to charge extra." Because we were in a hurry, because I was with friends I rarely see, because I had said it was one of my favorite restaurants, because Philippe was not there, and because have been a customer for so many years and think of them as friends, I did not want to get into a further "discussion" and let it go. I have always LOVED Chapeau and sent so many people there, introduced so many people to the restaurant...so to have that happen left me with a very bitter taste in my mouth...and wondering if perhaps "games" are played if Philippe is not around. Also -- it would help if he would get bartenders who have some personality! There was a tall guy with glasses in there for awhile who was personable -- but the rest of them add nothing behind the bar. Philippe has all the personality in the world - why doesn't he get a bartender who has some sparkle and social skills? It could make a huge difference (not, of course, that he's lacking business..!)Again -- I have loved Chapeau! for many years -- so I hope with all my heart that they will thrive for another 15 years! I just might as well tell the truth in the hopes that these things are addressed.
I love this place. When I went here everything started off horrible. I got there late because of getting lost. We had to wait about 30 min for our table which was not alright. When we sat down the owner came over and apologized and brought us over complementary champagne. To start I had sweetbread which was really good. That cost around $12. After that course the waiter brought us melon soup in small espresso cups, again on the house. The owner kept on coming by, making sure everything was alright. For my main course I had a dish that had duck, Toulouse sausage and and lamb. It was amazing and cheap, it was around $17. My girlfriend ordered a lamb shank which was huge and only $25. Finally we asked for the check and the owner came out once again with a complementary dish. This time it was profiter rolls which was nice.The quality of the food and the low price makes this place a must visit. I would suggest getting the prix-fixe, its very cheap. I'll eat here every time I goto SF.
We came here on the recommendation of all the Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. The ambiance and decor of the restaurant is just alright, some of the tables seemed too tightly packed together but since we went on a weekday we didn't need to sit right next to any other parties. The service was great though, very attentive and informative without being too intrusive. As many people have noted, the owner made a point of coming by and helping us choose a bottle of wine. I loved that he made 2 suggestions - one low-end and one high-end in price with compliments for both . We ended up going with the cheaper bottle and were very pleased.On to the food - we started with the oysters, foie gras, and sweetbreads. The oysters were pretty standard, but the foie gras was really yummy. There were 2 large slabs seared on top of a little piece of cake with raspberry sauce and fresh raspberries on the plate. The sweetbreads were as good as they could be for me, because the whole idea and texture just creeps me out. I think my boyfriend enjoyed them though. For dinner, I had the seared duck breast and he had the lamb shank. Both of them were really awesome. The duck was cooked just right with lots of flavor and juiciness. It was served with a risotto that was creamy with healthy additions of pulled duck meat as well. The lamb shank was huge but slowly cooked so that the meat was tender and just fell off the bone.We will definitely think about going back to Chapeau again. The prices are very reasonable, and the food extremely well-done. Perfect choice if you're looking for a place to have good food, wine, and conversation without breaking the bank!
WOW! I love this place! Great food, great service, good atmosphere. Not stuffy or fancy, just relaxed. I mean you can get dressed up and not feel out of place, but you can also dress down and feel ok. About the food, it was amazing. I started with 1/2 dozen oysters, which was divine! Then had the Mesculun greens with the fried brie on the side, outstanding. And then for my main course, I had the filet and it was almost fork tender and cooked to perfection. I don't really do dessert but the rest of my party ordered the chocolate banana cake and the creme brulee. Both outstanding, someone even commented that the creme brulee was better than sex.....now thats something to try.The service was awesome, they have this rotating approach to service which is great because you can ask anyone around for whatever you need. Everyone in the restaurant is there to accomodate you and you never get the "I'm not your server" reply. I will definitely be back to enjoy another wonderful experience at this delicious place.
Delicious. The only reason it's not 5 stars is it's a bit cramped and hard to find (the store front is very dark-- we drove past it twice.) But the food is fantastic. We got a complementary asparagus soup to start which was spicy and delicious. The french onion soup was the best I've ever tasted. And the filet mignon was great too. My parent's raved about the warm chocolate cake-- I thought it was too bitter, but 3 out of 4 people at our table thought it was amazing. The wine list is really good-- a whole section of "best value" wines under $40 makes it easy to stay in your budget. I'll definitely be back.
Before getting into complaints, I need to stress that the food at Chapeau is incredible. As good as restaurants that cost much more. However, it seems that you can't have great food and good service at a reasonable price. One of the three must suffer, and at Chapeau it is the service. We were seated at a time when there were two other tables occupied. We had plans to attend a movie 2 hours and 30minutes later. Things started a little slow, but we were well on track to make the movie when our appetizers were done and entrees brought. The people at the next table, seated about 20 minutes after us, already had dessert menus in their hands, but we were enjoying the experience and not yet worried. A half hour after our entree plates were cleared, when we still hadn't seen a dessert menu or our waiter, we were starting to get a little irritated. After flagging down another staff person to request a dessert menu, our waiter brought the menu. Had we not ordered the prix fixe menu, we would have skipped dessert, but since we were paying for it we wanted it. The waiter acknowledged that he thought we had already ordered desert, but did not apologize in any way. Then, he disappeared for another 15 or 20 minutes, so we couldn't even order. We requested the check when we finally ordered dessert, and stressed that we were now running late for other plans. After finishing dessert, we again asked for the check, which was eventually brought to us in a cute little hat. I immediately put a credit card in the hat and tried to hand it back to the waiter. He walked away and went to help other people. I waited about 10 more minutes and went to the bar to pay the check. Needless to say, we missed our movie.I find it hard to believe that a restaurant with service this poor can survive in the city. Of course, the people seated 20 minutes after us left long before we did, so their service experience was probably better. I realize that mistakes are sometimes made, but the lack of any attempt to apologize was abhorrent. On the way out, the chef (I am assuming) said that he hoped that our experience was good. I told him about the experience, he said that he was sorry and hoped that I would return. Unless they do something to assure that my next experience is not the same, that is doubtful. Good food only goes so far.
Nope. Just because it looks French Bistro, smells French Bistro, sounds French Bistro does not mean it is French Bistro. The heart and soul is the food, and if the food is completely mediocre, why go? I feel like they have spent a lot of time procrastinating on the real problem (food) by focusing on making this restaurant "cute." The real problem is the menu and the chef. Time to make a change - or cut your prices in half. Why is it so hard to find good culinary talent in this city of so many restaurants?PS - all comments to Chapeau can be applied word for word to Clementine, their other restaurant.
(+): more california-fied than 'french' per se, BUT! ...prime rib, creme brulee, good vine, beer, champagne. it 's a mouth orgasm.(-) reason it's not a five-star, is it's cramped, and bright, and if you get some of the back seats, you're on this slippery pillow against a wall and you can't really sit right the whole time. if this restaurant moved to a pimper space, it would be the best i've had in all sf.
Restaurant = HAT , Love this particular HAT.Cozy, Warm, Phillippe, Welcoming French, Great Wine, Good Service. Outstanding Food.Get a table along a wall and away from the door. It gets cold in SF. Wouldn't recommend a party over 2. It's a tiny place. Good date location, but slightly noisy. I like it as much as Clementine.
I have never been so willingly & happily give out 5 stars & big tips, but this place deserves it! Of course the food was top notch, there were lots of oooh & aaah throughout the meal, I ordred the 4 course meal & my husband ordered the 3 course, we tried eachother's dish & everything was wonderful, from presentation to taste, to the unbelieveable price! NOTHING TO COMPLAIN about! but what impresses me the most is the SERVICE! you would typically expect good service in this kind of restaurant, but they went way beyond that! We decided to come here at the last minute so I was calling the restaurant to get a reservation as we were heading toward there, the gentleman that answered put me on hold for a while, so we just showed up w/o a reservation. My husband dropped me off first to see what the wait was like, the owner Phillipe ran out the door to show my husband where the free parking was, how nice was that??? Phillipe admitted that he was the one that had placed me on hold on the phone but we didn't have to wait for long & he really took consideration on how to seat everyone & gave us a table that was more suitable for my son, "block him in" & have control over him! :) another nice attention to detail, when he saw that my son wasn't happy, he gave us complimentary ice cream, all nicely decorated & of course we didn't mind having our son begin his meal w/ ice cream as long as he would let us sit through the meal uninterrupted. Oh, we love love this place.
I loved their foie gras, ahi tuna, escargot appetizers, I liked it more than the entrees. I forgot the names of the entrees we ordered, but I didn't like the casserole like dish as much as my friend's special of the day filet mignon. The staff was very friendly as I had expected.
Because of my husband's long term illness, it had been almost three years since I was at Chapeau. Did that bother Philippe and Ellen? No way, Ellen recognized my voice on the phone, remembered my husband's name and made room for us on a busy Sunday night! Wow, having started going to Chapeau almost 11 years ago, I feel like I've watched them burgeon into this beautiful sophisticated and fabulous destination restaurant. I don't think a dining experience could be more satisfying. It's worth every penny. I'll be dreaming about that Sunday evening for a long while to come. Many thanks!
Love the French onion soup, the service, in fact all the food, just not the prices. I think that in this economy most of these upscale restaurants should have some sort of affordable special.
After writing a few reviews about new things for me I turn to a favorite place that I've returned to time and again for the past ten years, Chapeau! I first came here as a postdoc. A low salary and flexible schedule enabled me to take advantage of the early prix-fixe special. Years later I still come back for the prime time meals. Phillipe and his wife are the driving force behind this restaurant. I've never been disappointed with the food here. Their passion for the place is apparent in every bite. In addition to the classic French dishes, like my deliciously fresh frisee salad with fingerling potato chip bits and duck confit, there's an occasional modern creation, like the wonderful basil napoleon I had for dessert. Impeccably fresh delicious fruit with crisp thin puff pastry in an intensely green basil infused sauce. But how to keep the basil sauce green?? The sauce was clearly syrup based, and lacks the oil that keeps pesto bright green. We had to ask Philipe what the trick was, so when he bade us farewell after the meal, we inquired about the color of the sauce. Engaging Phillipe in a discussion about cooking techniques opened a floodgate of knowledge and artistic passion. Phillipe explained the basil leaves must be blanched quickly first and then incorporated into the sauce cold and strained. Phillipe also revealed many of his other talents from the musical to his role in the design of his restaurant logo.  Chapeau! also has an excellent wine selection for a relatively small restaurant. We had a bottle of a 2005 vintage from Gigondas, the year of a visit to the region in Provence and the wine brought back happy memories of the trip for our table. Finally, they threw in a complementary dessert, a delicious apple tart with carmel and hazelnut ice cream. My dinner here was roughly half the price of a meal at the Dining Room at the Ritz or Coi or any of the other super premiere restaurants, but to me, is equally satisfying or more. Phillipe is an artist, Chapeau! is his studio, and he runs it with the warmth of his heart. Thanks Phillipe! Five stars are gladly given for a personal touch and excellent food.note: this bistro is at times a pretty loud, boisterous place - over the years I've noticed more groups that come to Chapeau! for big events. Big groups in the small space = loud atmosphere, so don't expect a place where you can whisper to each other.
Great food at a great value. One of those places that you don't go to on a random weeknight, but you also don't need to wait for a special occasion. They have good menu diversity, from the super-traditional (I had a rich and tasty cassoulet) to really good steak and lamb. It was $38 for a three-course prix fixe (with a few reasonable supplement charges for certain dishes). They also have a nice wine list, including some good selections in the $40-$50 range. Highly recommended date spot, with the added bonus of being able to avoid the Marina scene for a change.
I recommend this place. It's perfect for a date, of just that special night to take the lady out.The food is excellent, and the presentation remarkable... oysters on a bed of sea salt was a nice effect.The service is very slow, so make sure you allocate enough time if you have something scheduled afterwards.Prices are high, but not ridiculous. It is French food!Go with one of the prix fixe menus. One at 35, and the other at 45. The deals are good, and you can tailor them the way you want... you just have to pay extra :)4 stars because the restau's a little pretencious.
I've been here twice and i think the first time was better. The atmosphere is nice however very loud and lively (not a great place for a first date), the service was prompt but i wasn't a fan of our primary waiter. He seemed a bit rude. The food was nicely presented and wasn't bad but it didn't lead me think that this place will stay high on my list of french restaurants. i would have to say you should give it a try to see what you think yourself.
I just discovered this gem of a restaurant and I'll definitely be back. Fantastic food. Nice ambiance. A very friendly and attentive owner/chef. And not too expensive. Love it.
Came here on Valentine's Day and had the prefixed six-course menu. Everything was delicious! The quail and filet mignon with veal were spectacular. The dessert was also delicious...forgot what it was called but it was a creamy textured yogurt with a bitter chocolate wafer. The executive chef was so warm and friendly. He made his rounds to every table and greeted all of the guests all night. It was pricy (since it was Valentine's Day) but totally worth it. Will definitely come back here again. ^_^
Three and a half stars. Went with hubby and a friend. Cauliflower soup amuse bouche was delish -- a strong start to the evening ... Onion soup was just okay - not cheesy enough for my taste; duck was decent - but not as melt-in-your mouth tasty as clementine's; tasting fish tasted like the steamed fish with ginger and scallion you can get at a cantonese restaurant.  The profiteroles were yummy. We all agreed everything was decent, but nothing to write home about.Service was a bit slow -- authentically French, you could say. But we loved the atmosphere, friendly staff and the charming owner, who dashed out to kiss us and thank us at the end of the evening ... i know he does it for everyone, but it still warmed our hearts....
Chapeau! is apparently french for "Wow!" ... I can't think of a more appropriate name. This place is so subdued, for lack of a better word, from the outside that I would never have found this place without Yelp and all the positively glowing reviews on it. And here I am, writing one of my own! I had pretty high expectations walking in because of the high rating here, but I was still pleasantly surprised. As we walked inside, my first impression of the dining room is that it was neat and unassuming, with colors in soothing neutral tones. It's not fancy, but it's not supposed to be---it's a bistro! It's a small space, packed fairly tightly with tables. Philippe, the owner / chef, greeted my friend and me as we came in, shaking our hands and welcoming us, which was a pleasant indication of the quality of service, I thought. Having arrived just before 6pm, we were able to order from the early bird 3 course. We were surprised by the number of things to choose from (4 choices each for appetizers, entrees, and desserts) for a "cheapo" ($25) early meal. We were treated to a complimentary chilled melon soup. It was very refreshing... a little minty and had a bit of a gingery kick. For our appetizer, we both ordered the brie thing... it's basically a blob of melted brie on top of a potato hash thing, on top of some apples and greens, and a raspberry(?) sauce. A food writer I will never be, so sorry for my lack of... articulation. Anyway, that thing was FANTASTIC and definitely our favorite course of the evening. Next, I had the duck breast over polenta and my friend had mussels with a side of [very yummy crispy crunchy] fries, which were both very good entrees in their own right, but the brie blobby thing was a tough act to follow! For dessert, I had the creme brulee, which was very good, but I really haven't met a creme brulee I didn't like, and it is hard to mess up. My friend had the basil napolean. I had a small taste and it was a very interesting combination of flavors. Basically, it looked like four very thin wafers arranged on top of a sweet basil sauce with chopped of bits of fruit. There was also a thicker, yellowy-orange colored sauce in the middle but I didn't try any of that.The food was excellent and creatively prepared as far as I can tell, though I admit that I am not extremely knowledgable about french food. The service was also excellent: prompt and attentive, with none of the snobbery I expected from a French place. The bill came in a hat, which I thought was weird and admittedly cute, since chapeau also means hat.After the lovely dinner, we made it out the door before Philippe chased us down, called us mademoiselles (heehee), and thanked us for coming! He did the cute little cheek air kissing thing that made me feel all sophisticated. Yes, I don't interact with European people often. Anyway, can't say I've been chased down outside of a restaurant by an owner to be thanked before. Such a simple gesture, but it made us feel like a million bucks.I can't remember the last time I've been so satisfied with a dining experience or treated with such genuine warmth. I am not the least bit surprised to note that a lot of the people in the restaurant seemed to be return customers. Needless to say, I'll be going back.
dinner on a saturday with the hubby, reservations for 8pm, mother's day weekend (appeared to be lots of people there celebrating all kinds of stuff). street parking was not easy, but anticipated. cute place, and tables are packed close together (like an inch away from the table for 2 next to us), but this is no surprise in SF. overall, really enjoyed the food and fully intend to go back to try more.seated immediately by the hostess - very pleasant woman. chef came around to greet us, and took our wine order - unexpected, but appreciated (he was all around checking on everyone all night). we opted for the 4 course menu @ 46pp, w/ wine & extras, bill came to ~200+ w/ tip.the goods:- amuse bouche: cauliflower soup - just a small cup with some truffle oil on top. great start.- choice appts: foie gras (special +$) & mesclun salad. if you love foie gras, you must try. very delish. and portion was bigger than i expected for a french restaurant (i would've eaten more had there been more!).- tasting fish: scallop over risotto. there's cheese in the risotto (i'm generally not a fan of cheese), flavors went well and scallop was cooked perfect. this was not a part of the 3 course menu or part of the regular menu, and happy to have tried it.- choice entre: prime rib for 2 (special +$). the server brings out this BIG piece of meat on the bone, plus 2 bones with marrow, on a cutting board to show you, then he sets up on a table near you and starts slicing the meat off the bone and plates it for the two. presentation was nice. came with scalloped potatoes (we didn't touch) and warmed/wilted spinich (tasted good). shockingly, too much food. i asked to take the left overs home (yes, *cringe*), but the meat was so tasty, and we had so much left, i could not leave it behind!- choice dessert: lemon tarte (special) & profiteroles. lemon tarte was really good. profiteroles were good, but would try something else next time.and like any good french restaurant, you need to ask for your bill when you are ready (you're not automatically given the bill when THEY *think* you're ready - silly americans...).service was very good, but not as attentive as i hoped. e.g., after the hostess seated us and the chef served us wine, we waited awhile before our waiter even greeted us; we didn't get glasses of water under after we ordered; the bread came with the amuse bouche; we sat with empty wine glasses during our meal (*gasp!*). but i will also say that it looked like a very busy night, and the waiter was on the move the whole night. regardless, we were not regulars (but hope to be) and i got the distinct impression familiar faces were treated with just a bit more attention. (hope to get that treatment next time we go!)
If I could, I'd give it 10 stars! C'est magnifique and merci beaucoup to the great Owners and wait staff for their c'est superb service, delectable cuisine and fun synergy! This place rocks like in France and we left at 10:30pm tonight and all tables were filled. Ummm good Triple Salmon starter and can we discuss the "only in France onion soup"? They say it's traditional and they're not joking. My date and I shared lamb shank (fell off the bone) and cassoulet loaded with lean spicy sausage and duck with not fat. I'll be on the treadmill tomorrow but it's worth it! This is a real find and I'm not convinced I want more people to find it!!! Want to keep it all to myself:)
Okay, I just took a look at my profile and it seems with all of the one stars I've given to certain places I feel it necessary to add some positivity and add a Five Star review to the mix just for balance and karmic retribution.  My BF and I dined here for some sort of anniversary or birthday, whatever, who cares the food was F'ing awesome. Everything I had from the beginning to the end of the meal was fabulous. The Lobster Bisque was excellent. Unfortunately my memory does not extend past two days prior to today, so I can't give you a complete recollection of my meal but the one and only thing I did retain is how much I loved it. I'd go back in a heartbeat. Chapeau is Haute Cuisine.
When we went, there was this amazing house special prime rib they made. It had the bone in it, and they also served the marrow. It kind of tasted and had the consistency of a ribeye steak. I have had steaks at the best steakhouses in NYC, Philly, SF, Omaha, etc etc, and this was literally the best steak I have ever had in my life, by far. It was totally awesome. The rest of the food and service was also excellent. I still dream about that steak though...
I love this place! I lived in Inner Richmond all my life and would walk over to The Chapeau for a nice dinner once a month. They now know me by face and name. I have never gone there and got something that I haven't enjoyed. You can tell the food is made with the best ingredients and is fresh. It's expensive, but totally worth it! Be sure to save room for dessert. They are amazing!
Good food.. longest wait ever for food. too small of a place. It would be much better if they have a location change. However, we did sit next to a couple who are regulars that recommendate good app and the dessert was good, so all and all I'll give a 3 1/2. With the quality of food and nice servers, a change of locations, speed of services, price, this would be a41/2 for me.
When I came here with my coworkers, everyone seemed to love the food. But I thought it was just okay since I don't particularly enjoy French cuisine like cold soup and duck. They did have good dessert.Also, the staff are very friendly. I think the chef even came out to chat with us.Parking is somewhat of an issue in the Clement area though. Chapeau is also really tiny so the tables are pretty much back to back.
Wow, as we were leaving the restaurant after an awesome meal, the chef, who had already visited our table earlier, RAN ACROSS THE STREET to grab us to say thank you and goodbye. Unbelievable!!
This bistro's menu helpfully points out the curious linguistic oddity that the word "chapeau" in French means "hat", but if you stick an exclamation point at the end of it, it means "the city's most unexpectedly awesome French bistro on 22nd & Clement that will unfailingly get you laid if you take a date here". French is such an expressive language!
Chapeau! is a great French restaurant! It's a cozy small place with tables close together. We came here for the early bird special, a three course meal for around $25. It was worth it! The staff is friendly and the service excellent! During our meal we were surprised to be greeted by the owner /chef and even more shocked when he walked us out and I got a hug and kiss goodbye. I left with a smile and my husband giving me a funny look. An overall wonderful experience! I will be back again!
What a wonderful dining experience! We had an 8:45 reservation on a Friday night. Walked in and we were immediately seated. Our server was attentive all evening. The food...well it was spectacular!
The food was absolutely fabulous and I was thrilled that they had a 3-course vegetarian option that was just as divine as the other options on the menu! The presentation of the food was amazing, it was gorgeous and the food was just as delicious as it was pretty. The service was fantastic, the chef was very personable and delightful and the staff were all very attentive! Overall we've always had wonderful dining experiences at Chapeau, I highly recommend it!
Fantastic restaurant. When me and my girlfriend went up to San Francisco, my good friend took us here for dinner and I was surprised that the restaurant was located where it was. It was so low key and hard to find if you were not looking for it. It's a hidden little gem. The food is flavorful especially the beef, delicious! I particularly enjoyed the prefixed meal choices, which provided more than enough food to make anyone's hunger go away. The price range for the food is a little pricey but well worth it. I've paid more at other restaurants that lacked flavor and creativity. I would definitely recommend Chapeau to anyone looking for fine French food and a nice cozy place to have dinner. Note: It's a nice place to go on a date, but can be a bit crowded since its not a large establishment, but very nice and personable. Oh, one more thing the chef will say bye to you before you leave and is very nice!
Delicious reasonable French cuisine. Cozy dining room set on a quiet block in the Richmond. I have been hearing about Chapeau! from friends for several years and just ventured in last night for the first time. The food, wine, atmosphere, and service were all excellent.1st Course: Trio of Salmon - Salmon tartar, enclosed with a piece of salmon and salmon roe. It was flavorful and well seasoned.2nd Course: Porcini Crusted Sweetbreads - Tender sweetbreads complemented by an earthy porcini flavor. Good choice!Dessert: Flourless Chocolate Cake - Decedent.We enjoyed two different bottles of Sauvignon Blanc (don't remember the names). Very reasonable high quality wine list. Lot's of wines around $30.
Okay so it's small and loud and the tables are reallllllllllly close together but I absolutely love this place.  The chef/owner is so nice and the cassoulet was so divine.  Great prix fixe option for a lot of food. I couldn't finish it all, though I gave it my best shot.  I would go back in a heart beat.
I went during their Early Bird Special on Sunday, 3 courses for $25.50!! What a deal!! The escargot appetizer was ok, nothing to write home about but not terrible, I liked the potatoes that it came with better. The Entree I had was amazing! I had the duck and warm sweet polenta. OMG that was so so wonderful; it was served with sliced pears and grapes. Usually I do not like warm fruits unless it is in a pie but it was paired perfectly with the duck and polenta. I only wish I had a little more polenta on my plate. The dessert was the vanilla bean creme brulee, which was served a little too cold. I do not remember ever having a creme brulee that cold. I wish that they offered a wine pairing with the menu but they didn't; they do have an ok wine list that is fairly inexpensive. The restaurant was a little cramped. I was seated in the middle of two tables and I had a hard time having a conversation with my friend right across from me. The service was also a little slow and nothing special. Don't expect too much as far as service and don't go there if you are in a rush, it took them over 10 minutes just to get water to the table and give us our menus. I think I will go again to give them another chance,
We had a wonderful dinner last Saturday. Everything was easy, they seated us at the bar at first, but then one table opened up and we were moved instantly. The owners were very friendly and amazingly approachable. B (our server) was incredibly in tuned with our needs and knowledgeable. Every dish was excellent! Definitely we will be back soon :0)
The restaurant is very small and the ambiance is very nice and quiet. I was greeted by a seemingly drunk waiter who was very welcoming. I enjoyed the food very much; there are things that you must order and things that aren't worth considering. I had the early bird special and chose my appetizer, entree, and dessert. I had the Mesclun salad, the Petit Poussin, and the creme brulee. The food came at a pretty decent pace, not too fast where I couldn't have a deep conversation, and not too long where the conversations get a bit awkward and dry. The salad was amazing and I recommend it to everyone. When I was looking at the menu, I was wondering what a poussin was so I looked it up on my phone and it turned out to be a young cornish hen no older than 28 days... I hope wikipedia got that wrong because that is just bad to know in general. The bird was good but wasn't great, maybe it was because of the lavender honey glaze... or the taste of young slaughter, I'm kidding. Last was the creme brulee and that is delicious. It doesn't take much to make a tasty creme brulee and surprisingly it was sweet and fluffy, just how I like it. Come here wtih a good mood, and you will leave feeling more than satisfied.
Curiosity killed the cat....but SATISFACTION brought it back! I have to admit, I was anxious to check out this place from all the HOOPLA that this place received from yelp and was curious to find out if the multiple stars were well-deserved. From the visit, I have to say it was a pleasant surpise. I concur with all my fellow yelpers. It's a cozy little treasure amidst a residential area. You would never know it was there. You're deceived by the unpretentious restaurant sign (handwritten) as you walk in to this little haven. The 3 course meal that I had was superb and the wine list selection was quite impressive for once again a "hole in the wall" bistro. The food, atmosphere and the personal attention (Chef Phillippe makes his rounds) was amazing and now, I can say to Chef Phillippe, "Vous meritez toute la gloire! A bientot!"
I've heard so much about how good this place is and I have to agree with everyone. Service was great and food was delish. I have to come back again.
It's one of our all time favorites. We love the food and the service. I am French and Chapeau is the only French restaurant that I go to in San Francisco. Not Clementine, certainly not Cote Sud... I will have to agree that the tables are a bit to close to each other, but it's part of the experience.Only problem, my husband and I just can't plan days in advance and we never make reservations. In the end, we don't eat there as often as we'd like just because we can't get in!
A great place for special occasions; birthdays, promotions, early retirement. The Prix Fixe option gives you access to all aspects of the menu and each course is consistently good. Chapeau! has a very thorough and well organized wine menu, and the staff is very good at pairing a pour with your plat principal.With reflection I would have forgone the fois gras for one of the other appetizers. Or maybe I should have taken a second chocolate cake. That is really decadent - do not miss it.
For early birds, the 3 course for $25.50 is a good price, however the dessert was disappointing, and left us with a knot in the tummy.The appetizer, I asked for foie gras which was not on the menu, and it was $6 more to the 3 course menu. It was very good. My husband had the duo gravlax, which was very good.We were disappointed with dessert: Hubby had the creme brulee, and I had a basil napoleon. They were not good, we had better ones. It left a sad note to a dinner that started great. The creme brulee was too thick and heavy. The basil syrup in the napoleon was too sweet, the napoleon was just a spoon of pastry cream studded with some wafers and some fruit
EXCELLENT service... WAY too expensive given meal sizes. Smallish menu with nothing very exciting on it--typical french.Ambiance is so-so--not a french speaking person in sight.Bread was very good.Deserts really fell flat.Nice that they offer 1/2 glasses of wine!Price fixe should include wine and sorbet instead of having them as add-ins.Corkage fee is fair ($18) but they really weren't pouring it and took forever to bring glasses.Would go back for their early bird special prices.
Pretty damn good. I will return. I want to try more of the food. The crab and avo napoleon was not impressive. The cassoulet was perfect as were the profiteroles. Good food and service for a fair price.
We went to this place once. The food was amazing. Portions were decent and the service was super. The big downside was parking. If you plan to go, you should take a cab.
This is one of the best French restaurant I've been to in SF. We had dinner there last night to celebrate our Anniversary...The service was great from start to finish. The food was Hmmm, Hm...YUM-OH (as Rachel Ray would say) =) it was fantastic. I love the Tasting Fish but the only thing I can complain about is my dessert...I should have ordered the Creme brulee (my mistake) not the AKA- Cream Puff/Eclair ("Profetilli", if I got the name right)...if you go there, get the Chocolate Warm cake or Creme brulee ...The price is reasonable and customer service was fabulous. It is a restaurant that won't tell you to go because they need the table for other customers. You can take your time and enjoy your meal and talk to your friends and family. I am giving this with flying 5 stars and highly recommend it to everyone who wants to try French food.
We recently returned hear and the food was great. The first time we went it was absolutely one of the best experiences. We had reservations for 8:30 and had to wait an hour but were given champagne for our wait. I had the rack of lamb and my partner had the fillet! The food was beautifully presented and service was excellent, no visit from the chef, I heard he now is at Clementines.
Romantic, and authetic french food at its best
AMAZING! We were a little apprehensive at first, as this was our first time dining at an upscale french restaurant and we weren't quite sure what to expect. This all disappeared, however, from the moment we walked in the door and were greeted by the effusive chef. The excellent service continued even after we were seated....our waiter provided several helpful suggestions on meal choices and wine parings. As for the meal itself, we went with the 3-course price fix option. For appetizers, we got the tiger prawns and blue cheese tart. They were both fantastic, but the prawns were the clear favorite. Afterwards, we were presented a small cup of cauliflower soup that was surprisingly flavorful. Our main courses consisted of the petit poussin and the bouillabaisse. The poussin was excellent, but oh man, the bouillabaisse was to die for. It might be one of the best dishes I've ever had. We finished with the chocolate cake and basil neapolitan for dessert (sweet and refreshing). Towards the end of our meal, the chef sat down at the table next to us, as his night was finishing. He made it a point to ask us how our meal was, and wished us well as we left (he even hugged and kissed me goodbye). In short, Chapeau! is a memorable dining experience....every dish we tried was seasoned to perfection, which is not the case at most other restaurants we've been to. Give this place a try...you won't be disappointed.
Oh la la delicieux!I really loved this place. It's not cheap, but very good value for what you get...for $45 I had four courses plus an amuse bouche and each was brilliantly executed. They were even on the large side for French entrees and everything I tasted was so delicious. They had good value half bottles of wine, and the service was very very good, nothing had to be waited for.I would mark them down to 4.5 stars for the only flaw I could find...the tables really are a bit too close together, even for a French bistro experience....this is fine if your neighbors are subdued and charming. (Our second set of neighbors were) but our first set were a bit loud and I couldn't hear my husband over the guy.Definitely one of the best French meals I can remember and I lived in Paris for a while....this isn't home cooking, it's a bit more haute cuisine, but with soul.
Outstanding choice for a romantic dinner or a small group dinner. Phillipe the chef is fantastic and greets every person dining there.Food is terrific, service is wonderful, and the wine list is great - affordable options with great recommendations from the staff.Can't speak highly enough about Chapeau!
I was sorry I didn't review this restaurant sooner. I visited Chapeau last year and though I haven't been back since, I plan to do so soon. The food is out of this world and I can't say enough wonderful things about it. All I can tell you is the meal I experienced was one of the best I have ever had anywhere. Everything I ordered was perfect and the presentation was beautiful. As for the service, it was impeccable and the owner is one of the friendliest guys you'll ever meet. He actually greets his customers, chit chats with them in the dining room and bids them goodbye when they leave not to mention he bestows the ever-so-european "double-cheek smooch" on his female patrons. So I ask you...what more can you ask for? The Chapeau experience is pure heaven. Take my word for it.
Small & rich courses should be washed down with champagne. Delish!
we went because of a recommendation from a friend who comes here every time she visits SF. i was NOT disappointed. this is by far one of my favorite restaurants in SF.fast and great service, and AMAZING food. holy f was it delicious.we met the chef twice, he walks to each table. super friendly. and we ended up talking to the people next to us, who go there often - seemed as though a lot of people there were regulars. we opted to share the escargot, and then we each went for the filet and shared a dessert. we left happy, in great moods, and completely full and satisfied.make reservations! we made ours through opentable.
Oh so good ... it's a fancy restaurant in a not-so-fancy locale. It's not what you would expect on the outside.  But the food is just sensational.  Quality of the food, creativity behind the seasonal menu, original presentation... what you'd expect from a great French restaurant.
nice service and early bird special. the duck was great!
First off I have to say, I had never heard of this place before my boyfriend found it on Yelp, and from the outside it is nothing much to look at, but then again when has that ever been reason enough to judge something.The decor is a cliche, and the ambiance very much for the older generation, but the food is tasty and the service less than awful. I had the duck and for once there was actually more meat than fat!The tables are very close together with no room to move so if you are seated as a couple it can feel like you are on a double date. Worse for me I was seated next to the most obnoxious girl who ordered her date about like he was a pet or a child (and I thought I was bossy) and so I found her constant ordering very distracting and that it hampered the enjoyment of my food. Further, the "glass" of wine is hardly what I would consider a glass, although perhaps I can forgive this based on the choice of wines.Overall a nice restaurant with good food, middle of the ground prices and adequate service. If my boyfriend wanted to take me there again, I would not say no.
We didn't make a reservation, but they were stll able to seat us at the bar.  The food was very tasty. I got the filet and a friend got the vegetarian. Both were excellent. My only regret was being too full to order the french toast dessert. Several were served near us and they looked amazing. Will definetly go back next time I am in town.
Oui! Oui! Oui! Get thee to Chapeau--and look out Thomas Keller.  Do NOT miss the orange soup for dessert-- a truly fresh pairing of citrus, mint, and cream and nuts that will blow your mind. Just when you think you've thought of everything--oranges and mint? Last weekend's meal included fois gras with a lovely Sauternes (by the half glass I might add--how very French to allow us to manage portion size!).  My boyfriend is a native and fellow budget gourmet, he swears by the place. My good opinion was sealed when Phillipe not only didn't recommend the most expensive bordeaux to accompany our meal but a less expensive Chateau Neuf du Pape (decanted I might add--when is the last time your local restaurant went to the trouble to decant your half bottle of wine?), but he then ran down the block to catch us and say good night because he'd missed us when we left.Update: Just visited last night for Easter. The Prime Rib ("cote d boef") rocked my world. Best meat I have ever had, served with four sauces and the world's best haricots verts (green beans), and potatoes au gratin. Special thanks to the Chapeau staff for decanting several bottles of special wine we brought for the occasion and not making us feel "cheap" when we wanted to do our own vertical. I continue to pray that television shows like Rachel Ray will stop directing tourists here so that us locals can keep the place to ourselves. :::sigh::: but Phillipe's food and style are so wonderful I can't help but wish him all the best. And...the orange soup was back on the menu last night, again capping off literally, the best meal I ever ate. Period. Ever.
Philippe and Ellen Gardelle host a convivial atmosphere at their restaurant. I enjoyed my salade landaise, black cod w/ a blood orange sauce and truffle oil as well as the profiteroles in a rich chocolate sauce. Even tried the sweetbreads on my bf's plate, which were quite nice. From the time you enter (he greets you hello) to the time that you leave (someone opens the door for you and he bids you farewell) you receive personable attention. We were already outside and he ran over to us to thank us for coming and bid us farewell. How personable is that? Even though most everyone experiences the same attention, I still feel special!I'd add another star if it weren't packed in there and it wasn't as noisy. But coming in from the Richmond cold into a cozy place like this can warm you up like a favorite blanket.
The food here is fantastic! I've been many times and have never had anything less than an excellent meal. Highly recommended!
After reading the good reviews here, I went to Chapeau with high expectation. I was a little bit disappointed. The food was special however, there was long waiting time till the main course came out. When it was finally here, it was so so salty. Maybe the cook left all that sudden and the replacement had to cook the dish.
Chapeau!! As for as I know this place is nice and the food is A-ok!! I've been there for our first time we still haven't tried the tasting menu yet but we're planning to go back and check it out again!!
I hate to give this place just 2 stars, I really do, but in this case I have to. The food was wonderful...5+ stars for the chef!However, the service was not what it should have been. Firstly, I had read on yelp about the waiter who kept saying they were out of the inexpensive ($40/bottle) wines and trying to push the more expensive ones. I had the same experience and just thought: Either they really are out in which case this is a common problem and they should carry more wine OR they are lying to get people to buy the more expensive bottles which is just unethical. Either way, they should fix this problem. But what really made me mad is that we were celebrating our 7 year anniversary. I just stopped working to go to graduate school so the budget is a little tighter than it used to be and going out to a fancy dinner is not an every day thing. My mom, knowing where I was going for our anniversary and knowing that our budgets are tight right now called ahead and gave them her credit card info and told them to bring a bottle of champagne to our table - her treat. It was supposed to be a surprise so I didn't know about it. The next day she asked how the champagne was and I told her of course that we didn't ever receive champagne - a little confused. She called the restaurant to see what happened and they told her they had forgotten but they looked forward to seeing her/us soon. Well, let me tell you something, I loved the food here and would have definitely been back if they had made it clear how apologetic they were at this situation, but they didn't seem to care at all. In the food and bev industry, the way to apologize appropriately for the above situation would probably be to offer a complementary bottle of champagne for when we return...or at the very least maybe a glass or an appetizer?? That would prove their sincerest apologies and guarantee that we'd forgive the mistake and continue going back. But no, they didn't do anything at all. Sadly, I probably won't be back again...I'll just have to find another French restaurant to satisfy my foie gras cravings :(
Very fun place. The Chef visits with the guests and is a character. The food was also superb.
Racism and ageism runs through this restaurant. I was 17 when I ate here with my boyfriend and we were treated like crap.So there was a Caucasian couple who were there after us were seated before us and were served before us as well. We were told of the special desserts that were offered, but the couple had ordered it and suddenly the special desserts were gone, can I say..WHAT THE...I mean, sure the chef comes out and says hi to everyone. That's a nice thing to do. And they fold your napkin or refill your water for you every time you get up, but the waiters are quiet rude. It took an hour and a half for our desserts to be done. It can't possibly take THAT long. And when we asked when our desserts will be here (after a good 45minutes wait), the waiter either ignored us or said "it'll come" in a sincere tone.The food was good, but the service was bad.
Very happy with every aspect of this restaurant. Great place for a special occasion.
We had a great family dinner at Chapeau! recently and were highly impressed, both with the service and the food. The owner is the most charming and friendly guy, going around to all of the tables and chatting with the patrons. I really adore the personal interaction. We ordered the prix fixe menu and it was a great value. You would be spending so much more at other French restaurants for the same type of food.
This restaurant is cute, wait staff is attentive, and the chef is charismatic. The price is very reasonable; a nice dinner for two with a bottle of wine is under $200.
Great night out! I was looking for a nice French place to take my sweetie for a special occasion and received a recommendation to Chapeau! I was not disappointed in the least. The food was amazing, the service was very attentive and the unexpected surprises from the kitchen were a delight. Don't try to leave before the Chef says goodbye, or he'll chase you! :P
I love this place. The food is so delicious.  The food is to die for.
Just got back from Paris last week and ate the 3 course menu 1 dinner at Chapeau! Chose salade landaise (frisee, duck magret, duck confit), cassoulet, and basil fruit napoleon. The great flavor and excellent value at Chapeau! compare favorably with most restaurants in Paris.
"Meh. I've experienced better"My husband and I went here for our anniversary dinner earlier this week. We chose this resto b/c of the 4.5 star yelp rating. We had an early reservation b/c we thought we were going to take advantage of their Early Bird menu (3 courses for $28), but after hearing their specials (which weren't available on that menu), we opted for the regular menu (which we didn't mind doing). Highlight: Head chef came out to welcome us and bid us farewellLowlight: Very fast pace w/delivery of courses, which resulted in slight indigestion Our reservation was at 5:30; we got there at 5:25. We ordered a three course meal and were done with dessert by 6:23. FACTS-     Our reservation was at 5:30; we got there at 5:25. We ordered a three course meal and were done with dessert by 6:23. (I said this already, but had to repeat it b/c it was a real turn-off.)-     As soon as we finished one course and put our fork down, a waiter would swoop it away. 2-3 minutes later, the next course would come out. -     Main waiter presented us with menu, specials, and took or order. He checked in on us once ruing our main course, but didn't see him again until he presented us with the bill, which someone else took care for him. -     My husband ordered the escargot, rack of lamb, and crme brulee. -     I ordered the foie gras and roasted duck breastOPINIONS-     For a French restaurant that serves multiple course meals, our expectation was that the pacing would be slower, allowing us to digest and enjoy each course. The courses came out so quickly that we really were wondering if the food was pre-made! -     The waiter was cordial, but expected that he would have checked on us at least one other time. Also felt that he should have poured more wine when he saw our glasses were empty. (No, we're not high maintenance--this is what we've grown accustomed to at other, comparably-priced restaurants. -     The escargot was soaked in butter/herb sauce--this is traditional, but seemed extra rich, for some reason; the rack of lamb was cooked appropriately, but my husband did have to add a dash of salt; and crme brulee was very good. -     The foie gras was good and portion size was what you'd expect, but the reduction it came with was a tad to sweet for me--almost like a caramel sauce rather than a reduction; the roasted duck breast, accompanied by polenta and grapes, was good, but the polenta was bland. No real complaints other than wishing the skin was more browned--and aesthetically, it wasn't at all appealing or pretty because there wasn't a lot of color on the plate (no green or red, only browns).-     Also agree w/the other Yelper that the resto is very "old world French;" so if that's what you like, then you may enjoy it here.Overall, we walked out disappointed and very perplexed as to why the resto is rated so highly by other Yelpers.
Cute little place that kind of feels like a friendly neighborhood restaurant in Paris where the owner actually cooks there!A good assortment of reasonably priced wines (for this city, at least!) is available. Tables are relatively close together, and there's a little wait, but the lamb was great!
This place is average. That's it, no more, no less. The prices, on the other hand, are a bit above average, in my opinion, for what you get - except for the wine list, which had numerous reasonably priced options. First, starting with the atmosphere - it was too bright and looked somewhat like a wedding reception, rather than a cute, intimate French restaurant. Lowering the side lighting, turning off the overhead track lighting, and putting some candles on the table would do wonders for this place. Second, as others have noted, the tables are very close together. Fine, that's how it is in France. But, they need to do something about the noise. We kept joking that we were going to call each other on our cell phones because we couldn't hear each other talking across the table.Now on to the food. The brie - potato starter was tasty, but was a little on the sweet side (there was pear or something in there, too). It would have been very, very good had the main vegetarian course not been sweet, too. While also tasty, the raisins, the carmelized garnish (like you get in the top of an ice cream) made the veggie dish too sweet (with not enough salt), especially after having a starter that bordered on overly sweet. The filet mignon was apparently good (or so I was told), but nothing overly exceptional. The service was ok, although they screwed up one of the starters and forgot to bring a napkin to replace a dropped one after I asked twice. All in all, an average dinner at above average prices. I doubt I'll go back since there are so many other great French restaurants in the city (think L'Ardoise).
If I could only use a single word to describe this place, it would be "utterly charming". Well, make that two words. My point is that this is a restaurant that serves palate-pleasing, updated French food and is run by the nicest team of people. The restaurant is a little hard to find, as the name plate has fallen off and the owner has not felt compelled to replace it. But with 492+ reviews on Yelp and counting, he doesn't need to advertise. This restaurant's reputation for serving quality French fare in a cozy, comfortable atmosphere has already spread like wild fire.
Prepare to be pleasantly stuffed! I went here with my mother, her best friend and my boyfriend...a group that loves good food and none of us were disappointed. We all enjoyed our beautifully presented meals and the St. Emilion wine (also, the wine list is reasonable and doesn't need to break your wallet). The food is French fare but the sizes are a bit more Americanized and we doggie-bagged some of the main courses. The tables are closely packed and it can get a bit noisy with the tight quarters...but this is the only downside I recognized. Excellent restaurant! Easily 6 stars if yelp allowed it!
Elegant intimate atmosphere. I have only gone once, and it was the early bird special. It is a 3 course prix fix menu. Everything was delicious and the value was excellent. It was the day we went for our marriage license and the perfect place to celebrate how freaked out we were. The couple next to us told us how they've been together for 30 years and didn't get married. Well, we didn't either, and it's the best relationship of our lives. But back to the food...yum yum. And the owner kisses women on their cheeks on our way out.
Adding to the list. Two of us, with reservations. Yes, the two-tops are close together but we've lived in Manhattan, yes, it was noisy, but really that's not a problem in a busy restaurant. By the middle of the entrees (bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin, parsnip puree, spinach, apple-calvados sauce for me, filet mignon, trompe-de-morts mushrooms, potatoes for the bf), we were trying to place where this fit on the list of best restaurant meals we'd had since 1971. The $38 prix-fixe three course menu is almost miraculous, and explains why the restaurant was crowded in the current economy. Also, two of the absolute best dishes we've ever had: my Mesclun Salad with Crme Dijonnaise, Red Seedless Grapes, Pistachio, Fried Camembert & Walnut Bread; his dessert-- Nuage de Noix: Roasted Pistachios, Almonds & Hazelnuts in a Frozen Chantilly & Italian Meringue. Intelligent and intelligently-priced wine list too.The service was excellent, the maitresse d'hotel took VERY good care of us, checking on the table frequently (and all her other tables as well), and I can't compliment the chef, Philippe, enough for his graciousness. He came to the table twice, once to thank us for our business and once to thank us again (we had never been there before) as we were leaving. I told him that Chapeau! reminded me, for those of you who remember the restaurant scene in San Francisco in the 1970s, of Chez Michel and he was especially pleased because it turns out he knows and admires Michel.We will never visit San Francisco again without dining at least once at Chapeau!
we love chapeau! the best filet in the city!! not to mention all of the other food, service, hospitality. we look forward to seeing Philippe every time we go!
This restaurant has everything and much more. The food is exceptionally good, services great, and excellent atmosphere. To top it off, the chef is one of the most gracious and friendly hosts I have ever encountered. At our last outing, he not only came to the table, he went back to the kitchen and brought out a free desert for us. And he was actually at the door when we left thanking everyone.  Incredible. Overall, one of the best restaurant expericnes in SF.
I have to break the trend of glowing reviews here and say "Chapeau? Um, No." Not so much. The atmosphere is cute, yes. That doesn't make up for remarkably mediocre food. Frankly, we went there to celebrate an anniversary and I can't even remember what I had. And, I'm meticulous in my food-memory and tasting. I am trying not to beat it up, but all I can say is I really don't understand why it should be considered fantastic at all. Maybe it's my own recently exported from NYC-bias, and I'm missing home too much, but this didn't even come close to some of the low-end bistros back in the ENYCE. Would love recommendations from Yelpers on a moderately priced French restaurant where the FOOD itself, is four stars!
Chapeau is a great choice if you are looking for a cute French bistro that won't completely drive you to the poor house. The food is always good, really I have never had a bad meal there. Any dish that's on the menu is a good choice. The service is exceptional. They waiters are so nice and helpful and actually wait for the whole table to finish the meal before they begin to clear the plates. A little tip, if you get there early you can make it for the early bird special, which includes 3 courses and is great!
This place always seems packed (like sardines, really) but there is a reason - the food is excellent. The three course 'choose your own' prix fix is $33 and the four course is $40. I splurged on the 'fish tasting' last Friday, which happened to be a seared scallop with lobster sauce. Yes it was $7 for one scallop but damn it was good. The orange soup for dessert is a must try. It is such an interesting combination of flavors - at first try I wasn't sure I liked it... but it really grew on me, and they recommended the perfect dessert wine to complement it, I forget which one. Plus there is always Phillipe there to give you a handshake when you arrive and a kiss on the cheek when you leave... I rate 4 stars instead of 5 because service seemed a tad slow- it took inordinately long to recieve the check (which arrives in a hat, by the way - a cute touch) and I am not a fan of the crowded space...
I came here with my girlfriends and we had the best adult meal money can buy. Don't be scared of the handwritten Chapeau sign out in front, for this is a classy restaurant. Phillipe is so friendly and kind and he really does run down the street to say goodbye to you if he didn't say bye to you in the restaurant. I can understand why Chapeau has many regulars, the great food and the staff is wonderful!! For 40 dollars, you can get a 3 course meal that is so delicious and half a glass is wine is only 5 dollars more! What's even more amazing is that we had a lot of on the house items! I would return.
I think the restaurant lives up to its yelp reviews. The service is very attentive, intimate small restaurant, fills up really quickly so don't bother coming here without a reservation, we tried that a year ago and was turned away at the door. That would typically dissuade me to ever come back, but the yelp reviews made me curious. So on my birthday, that was my one request to have dinner here. You can try the 3 course pre-fixe menu which is a great price or you can go a la carte. They have a lot of daily specials so hard to decide on what to get. The french onion soup was the best I ever had, I sworn off that soup years ago after a bad experience, but this place brought my confidence in the french soup staple back. I also had their pear tarte salad, yum! Poached pear on fresh greens, goat cheese or a crispy buttery flaky tart. Salivating yet? I had their duck for the main course, my husband had their skate, both were delicious, I thought both were just a tad bit salty, and they overdid my pepper. I had their very popular chocolate cake for dessert nothing spectacular, and husband had the classic creme brulee, also nothing special as I've had much better elsewhere. There were a bunch of things we wanted to try, like their escargot that smelled heavenly, but we'll have to save it for another time.
Oh wow, they moved and it is even closer to where I live now.
One of the best dining experiences I've ever had, hands down. I used to walk past this place all the time when I lived in SF and always wanted to go so when I made a trip back I made sure to book a table not having any idea just how amazing it would be. First off, it is very intimate and romantic. Second, the service is impeccable, even impressing my English bf who never before believed you could get proper service in America. The sommelier even sampled the wine and toasted us at our table which was an especially nice touch. Okay, now I can get to the food which was so delicious I wish I could still conjure up some old SAT vocabulary so that I could match the quality of my description to the quality of the food. We had fois gras, onion soup, vegetarian pot pie and duck all of which were spectacular. In fact we were so stuffed from literally cleaning our plates that we decided we didn't have room for dessert, or so we thought, because at Chapeau they won't let you leave without "a taste of something sweet" and we were given a small portion of dessert on the house. Definitely worth the bus ride from our hotel in union square and I can't wait to go back again.
my favorite part of the meal was the complimentary cauliflower soup! yum! my mesclun salad was excellent, the fried warm camembert was delish and the dressing was light, but tasty. i also loved the lavender honey & dijon glazed petit poussin...so juicy and tender! my fiance's filet mignon was nice, but i probably would have gone for medium rare instead of medium. i had high expectations for the desserts, but they just didn't do it for me. too sweet in my opinion. i should have went for the creme brulee. overall, great food! service was good.
Here I go jumping on the "CHAPEAU is fantastic!" bandwagon..but here goes!For $35 you get a wonderful 3 course meal... and you get to choose from the entire menu..unlike other frou-frou places that only give you a limited selection to choose from. This deal really encourages you to try all sorts of different apps/entrees/desserts each time you go with whoever you go with.I had the pleasure of enjoying this meal with a wonderful companion who enjoyed the meal equally. Of course he gets bonus points for A. making reservations before evening having to discuss where we wanted to go for the "date" B. picking a place he knew I wanted to try C. being able to hold a great conversation through out dinner. It's always nice to try twice the # of items with a +1. Anyways, we had:1. Mensulan (sp?) Salad - loved the baby greens, the pecans, and whatever the heck they put in the dressing.. DELISH2. Salmon Three-Ways - YUM. Caviar. Roe. Hard-Boiled Eggs crumbles. etc. etc.3. Duck Leg - tender, sweet and succulent...me love duck any way.4. Filet Mignon - tender, cooked just right to med-rare.5. Creme Brulee - big honkin' dish of it.. tons of vanilla bean6. Profiteroles - 3 perfectly baked puffs with freshly scooped vanilla bean ice cream and a generous douse of chhhhhocolate sauce..hellla good.Service is wonderful and far from pretencious - something difficult to find in French restaurants across the city and possibly country. The staff is incredibly genuine, they fill your glasses before you know it, provide honest recommendations, and I enjoyed the fact that they have multiple servers for such a small place. Granted this place is a shoe box, or what we like to call cozy, and doesn't have a bar or over the top brasserie fixtures... I will come back again for the intimate ambiance, the great service, the vast selection of exquisite dishes to choose from and Phillipe's two-cheek kisses of good-bye. Excellent place for a neighbood date. Big-groups: stay away. Parties of 4 or more, go to Absinthe or something because this place won't be comf for you.
We just went two weeks ago and it was like having dinner at a friend's house! Chef Phillipe and his wife are so cute and seem to love what they do. There were four of us and we each got three items to share. They were all good but I especially enjoyed the seared foie gras paired with Sauternes. The restaurant is classy but not pretentious. The wine is very reasonable and their selection is wonderful. We had a great time and I can't wait to go again!
I went to Chapeau on a Saturday evening. My friend had made reservations for 9PM (for a party of three) and when we first got there, the hostess told us that it'll be a few minutes. It was awkward waiting there since the restaurant is pretty small and they crammed in as many tables as they could. Finally 20 minutes later, we were seated at our table. By this time, I was somewhat irritated since we had to waited (even with reservation)- but I soon was distracted by the interesting menu and great, extensive wine list. The 3 meal tasting menu for $38 is a great deal- I ordered the Salmon trio as the appetizer (slices of fresh salmon, salmon tartare, caviar), Pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon with yam puree, and ended the dinner with the warm chocolate cake. I had a 2005 Pinot Noir and it was one of the best wines I've had. The food was excellent- the portions were pretty good. However, the only downside was that the timing of the food was pretty stretched out- we didn't leave the restaurant u ntil 2.5 hours later! Also, the restaurant was so noisy that my friends and I had to shout to each other in order to be heart. Overall, I give this retaurants a 3.5 stars (I rounded up- hence the 4 stars):4.5 stars for the food2 stars for the noise2 stars for the wait & timing of the foodThe food is great and I will most likely return; it's unfortunate that the other aspects of the visit deter from the real attraction (the food).
The food was amazing and the chef was gracious enough to almost make up for the lackluster service. We enjoyed our meal and will be most likely return, but were disappointed in the service we received from our waiter. We were seated on time for our reservation and then completely ignored for at least 15 minutes. A table of 3 that was seated after us was enjoying wine and placing their order before we had even been acknowledged or glanced at a menu! I had to ask a busboy for some water, he was extremely apologetic and for the remainder of the evening provided us with great service (he deserves a promotion). Our waiter eventually made his way to our table, ran through the specials took our order and was never to be seen again. He spent time chatting it up with a french speaking table while not even stopping by for a second to see how our meal was or ask if we needed anything. Luckily our busboy took great care of us and I'm regretting that we did not hand him the entire tip on our way out the door. It is unfortunate that our amazing meal was overshadowed by such poor service. We will go elsewhere for special occasions but will return to Chapeau for a casual night out when all we want is a good meal.
One of my favorite restaurants...so unassuming on the outside and a total gem in the inside. Every time i come here the food is decadent and the service and owner themselves are very attentive. This place is a winner!
I almost hate to do this because it's getting harder adn harder to get a reservation, but this is a GREAT restaurant. I've had nearly everything they offer and never had a bad meal. Service is amazing...for the money i think it's one of the best places in SF. Amazing, really.
I went for the 1st time on my birthday and I cannot sing enough praise except this is one of San Francisco's gems. From being greeted by the Chef himself to incredible service and delicious food, I will definetly go back.
The room is warm, charming and intimate. The service is extraordinarily attentive. We each had three different courses between the two of us. All six were creatively conceived and flawlessly executed. The attention to detail is uncanny. For example, the whipped cream in the dessert was flavored with lavender, a little sugar and vanilla, but so subtly. Another example: the soup was drizzled with symmetrically arranged truffle oil droplets. I wish I could get a pan-sear on fish the way this chef can. All of this with an unstuffy, casual ambiance and I did not have to put on a tie to enjoy French fare. Highly recommended.
i love chapeau! it's a great french bistro in the richmond district of san francisco. sure it gets a little crowded, but that's because the restaurant is very cozy. go during a weeknight when it's less crowded and you'll fall in love with the place. the owners, philippe and ellen, greet their guests and sends them off with kiss on the cheek. the whole staff are super nice and competent. the food is always excellent and reasonable for the quality. bon appetit!
not that this place needs another review, but when you go to a place so spectacular, you just HAVE to yelp about it. the food here was absolutely amazing. the pre-fixe meal for $39 is a steal!! with a party of 5, we were able to try almost every appetizer and every dessert. they were all so good, i couldn't tell you which was my favorite. for dinner, i had the monk fish-perfectly cooked with the most amazing sauce. we also tried the most fabulous wine called a Lillet-- it's a french spiced recipe wine (they drink it in the kitchen :) as if the meal itself wasn't perfect enough, philipe (the chef/owner) and his wife, ellen are the most wonderful people. they welcome each guest on their arrival, and phillipe will chase down people as they exit to be sure they get their good-bye kisses. the passion they share for making the restaurant spectacular is reflected in the quality at chapeau! philipe recognizes that the ambiance is their weakness, so he is renovating to give more space and a more "french" feel. the expect to be done in 9/07-without closing (other than their usual mondays). i can't wait to see what it will look like when it's finished.chapeau! lives up to its name. it is truly a WOW! i highly recommend it. you must make reservations before going.
Totally not the type of place I would be giving all my stars too, but the food was amazing! I went to the early bird special which was like 25 bucks a person. All courses and even the Chef came out to wine pair our food and chat. Awesome place!
Six words....Best French, Best Service, Best Prices
excellent! had dinner here tonight with the lovely wifey. for starters we had oysters (oooo so good!), seared foie gras, scallops, and PRIME RIBEYE! Desert was creme brule! Definitely recommend!
I came here per the recommendation of the lovely Miss Katherine H, and I can say that I was extremely impressed by the charm of the service and the DELICIOUS food....I had to tune out the conversation of my companions just so that I could savor each bite.
The preparation of the food is too old world french from the 80s for me.
Small restaurant with great food and a very friendly owner chef, Philippe. At first I thought it would be weird to be kissed by a stranger but he smelled pleasantly of red wine and happiness. So it was kinda nice.
This place is a true gem! Went last year for my birthday and was delighted again last month when we went with my parents for my fiance's birthday. The food is excellent and the portions generous (not to mention the incredible value for the price)--the flounder and the Cassoulet de Toulouse are my favorite entrees. The personable Chef Philippe really makes you feel at home. He spent plenty of time at our table and even discussed the creative inspiration and development of his incredible dessert, Nuage de Noix, the agreed upon favorite among all of us.
A fantastic place, friendly atmosphere, great service, and the food is delicious, fantastique! We arrived wearing some chapeaux, so the chef was surprised by delighted... :) Would go again anytime I need to feel the greatness of French food (ok I am biased, but still...!)
This place bought Restorante Clementine. *rawr* Service was good. Food was good. Wait time was awhile. Saturday night, you know how it is. The fresh trout appetizer was good. Potatoes was too overwhelming. The chef came out to say good bye as I was heading out. Definitely a plus. But, a minus when the bill came. Can't charge me something I never ordered, thus the whole dispute. Well anyways, I've had better.
chapeau is one of those hole-in-the-wall 5ish-star restaurants. it looks like it seats about 12 people in the whole restaurant (think COZY) - really it's gotta seat 40ish? i should have counted. but regardless, it's french food done with loving care and attention. the escargot was on a skewer of celery or something. the lamb and the salmon were both unique, creative and very good. our table got the four course menu with some sort of palate-cleanser in the middle that was an apple brandy sorbet. very strong alcohol. i didn't do my usual thing of bringing one of the 50 or so bottles that i have left from my napa summer trips to the restaurant. this time it was too spontaneous of a trip - i was having some beers with friends not far away. so i had to settle for one of the reasonably priced Bordeaux's on the menu and it was particularly good and not an outrageous fortune for a good wine at dinner. the reservation was much easier to get than i remember, but then again, i think it was a wednesday night. the restaurant was still 75% full at 8pm so it's not like it's empty but there is a good chance to get a seat there now that the economy is in a tailspin! the service was truly first class. lots of attention. of course, there were only about 30 customers. the decor was quaint and artistic. lots to recommend about this place. and they keep in with the recent restaurants trends of presenting the check in some unique and unusual way. how? well, clearly, since the name is chapeau, they would need to present it in a hat, right? right.
Got lost getting to the restaurant because it's not well lit on the outside. Even though we were late for our reservations, our table was still saved. This was my first time eating French food and it was amazing here! We got the 4 course menu and I was extremely full by the end of the night. Since I haven't eaten French food before I decided to try anything. Appetizer: duck liver, tasting fish: sea bass, entree: rabbit, dessert: chocolate (molten) cake. Everything was so delicious and presented beautifully. I love the ambiance and service here also. I was surprised at how small the restaurant was, but it gave a really comfortable and intimate feeling. The service was very friendly. I like how they don't make you feel out of place, like other upscale restaurants. And yes, the chef does come out to greet you and say goodbye. I would recommend this place to anyone...especially for a special occasion (like my birthday) or taking someone on a nice date. If you end getting the 4 course meal, be prepared to stay at the restaurant for at least 2 and 1/2 hours!
I bailed on my 10 year high school reunion. I just couldn't go through with it. I hemmed, I hawed, but when push came to shove, I chickened out. Michael came home from work a few hours before I had to leave."So, are you going?""Christine said there's no point in having an awkward 3 hours with people you neither like nor know anymore.""Cool. Let's go out."We headed across town to Chapeau, a place I'd been desperate to try after reading how Phillipe, the owner, would fall all over us at every turn. Lo and behold, he did. But bear in mind, even with a reservation, we had to wait and stand in the middle of the restaurant like assholes. If you find yourself in this conundrum, go wait by the bathrooms. The staff prefers it anyway and there are reviews to read on the wall back there. Once seated, Phillipe recommended a great bottle of wine from his $30ish bottle of wines list and dramatically joined us in tasting it. You've got to respect a man who drinks from the bottle of wine he just sold you. So when the food arrived, I was already in heaven. And my goat cheese tart was divine. Michael had the brie, because he's wanted the tart but I'd called dibs. We can't order the same thing, obviously. It's like menu-shotgun. "How's the brie?""Eh?""Pass!"We passed. He was right. Eh, indeed. Our entrees soon arrived, and again, eh. I had the pork. Perfectly lovely, it was. But not mind blowing. Michael's duck was really boring, which is weird because it's, you know, duck. I love duck. Apparently, dessert is fabulous. We didn't want dessert. We were full. We wanted Jay 'N Bee Club. We paid the bill, which charmingly arrived in a chapeau and Euro-kissed Phillipe goodbye. After singing Dramarama's "Anything, Anything" at the top of our lungs on our way home, I was finally ready to discuss. "How many stars, Mikey?""Three and a half.""I can't do halves.""Well then four.""Why four?""Because they were really friendly, we liked the space, the wine was good and cheap, you had decent goat cheese and because 'eh' is better than any shitty 10 year reunion."
This place is always on our list to try and it totally met our expectation. Great food, excellent service and surprisingly, good price, too. We had 3 course pre-fixed menu only costs around $35-45 each person. I love my squash soup but not too impressed with the lamb cassoulet. I had better at Bistro Jeanty in Yountville. Tha't the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
WIthout the " ! " , chapeau simply means "Hat". WIth the "!", chapeau means "WOW" !!!!i mean WOW WOW WOW....i will give chapeau three WOWS !! Best French food i ever had!! i called over 10 times to try and get a reservation on v-day ....but chapeau was all booked...with no cancellations....but they never gave up on us....kindly just recommended us to try back ......so my bf did...called at 9:20 pm on valentines day...and boy was this our lucky nite...they had one cancellation at 9:45. Once my bf and i stepped in to the restaurant.....Chef Phillipe Gardelle and his wife greeted us graciously with a hand shake and a warm welcoming smile. Attention all ladies be ready for Phillipe to give you a peck on each side of your cheek when you leave his restaurant....dont try to escape too....cuz he will chase you down the street as his polite way of saying farewell....and trust me he will find you.I LOVE THIS PLACE .... My bf took me here for our first time and first valentine's dinner together and we had a wonderful experience. We had their full 7 course meal.....deep fried tiger prawns....foie gras torchon.....roasted boneless quail...bacon wrapped day boat scallop....colonei ( lemon-ginger sorbet, citrus infused vodka).... tournedos & oxtail crepinette......n lastly the dark chocolate, vanilla bean & red beet charlotte.....and everything was cooked to PERFECTION! Large selection of wine for a small and cozy restaurant....they sure know how to cramp as many tables in as possible behind their black velvet curtains. Service was excellent! We will be back very soon Chapeau....Thanks for everything!!
I have to say that this is one occasion where perhaps I shouldn't have read the yelp reviews of Chapeau! prior to eating there. Given the nearly unanimously stellar reviews, it was with very high expectations that I dined at this outer Richmond favorite. Needless to say , I was very much let down. First off, when you first walk into the place you enter a closet sized curtained enclosure where you are expected to wait for your table. This we did with another couple. It felt like all four of us were playing seven minutes in heaven except it was more like 10 minutes and there was no making out. Thats pretty minor for me, I'm not a big complainer...just pointing it out. As for the service...It was all very much well-intentioned I suppose, but it was all over the place. Similar to reviewer andy, we literally had about four different waiters, none of whom paid any real attention to us. Then there is Phillipe...Highly touted for his signature "french" kisses. Again I agree with Andy in that the whole thing seems kind of gimmicky now. When we left we were about a block away when I hear running from behind...I swear I thought I was getting rolled on by gangstas. Sure enough it was Phillipe, as promised, with the kisses. The worst part of the whole evening for me ,though , had to do with the wine service. After laboring to find the perfect Bordeaux for the night, Phillipe comes over and presents the bottle to my date. "What's this?" I ask myself..."could Phillipe be mistaken about who ordered (and who's paying)?" I mean after all I think it was the busboy who took my wine order so its very possible. Phillipe continues to pour the taster for my date, who at this point is equally baffled, and then pours himself a small glass. He toasts my date as they both sip the wine and I stare in disbelief. I cant imagine anyone who doesn't know that the person who ordered always taste first before the guest is served. And that he poured himself a taste?!?!?.. Don't get me wrong if he had employed the proper serving method I would have gladly poured him a healthy glass. But it was almost as if he wanted to pull the whole "smooth french guy hitting on the american dude's chick" thing.  That little move really turned me off from the beginning.The food...yeah its good, but not nearly as good as the reviews suggest. I can't claim any expertise on french food, but what we had was enjoyable. Mussels, brie, cassoulet, filet mignon and creme brulee...All as part of the prix fixe deal, which is quite reasonable. I would recommend trying Chapeau! if you live in the area, but certainly do not travel far for it.
Great pork tenderloin (probably the best I've ever had) and price fixed menu makes ordering easy. Phillippe (the owner/chef) is friendly and greets every customers that walks through that door.  The staff is helpful and pleasant; you will often hear patrons refer to the staff by their first names, this is a sign that once you've eaten here, you'll keep going back.
We've eaten here for many many years, the food and service do not disappoint. I did give it only 4 stars as honestly the food and service use to be better, but it's still quite good.Highly recommend the wonderful appetizers - never have had a bad one! The Foie Gras is amazing as is the salmon.Main courses - all of the fish/chicken dishes we've had are excellent. I would avoid the prime rib unless you like prime rib with a steak texture - it's not a prime rib and is sliced/served like a steak. It actually resembled tri tip in presentation. Not bad but for good prime rib hit House of Prime Rib!Desserts are again creative and wonderful.The wine list is excellent too - the owner is great for recommending a perfect wine to pair with your meal. He was absent the day we were there.Downside - small - not intimate small. It's always overcrowded, so not a great place for any intimacy or private conversation as the next table is literally on top of you. Wait staff try to negotiate but you do get bumped alot and the tables are not generous if you're in a large party. Recently there with a party of 10 (final bill right under $1K - with champagne/wine) and we had to keep asking to have plates removed as there literally was no room . The prime rib serves two - served beautifully - comes on a plate, the side of potatoes and green beans each get their own, and the three sauces are presented in small cups on a plank. Add in bread, water glass, wine glass, butter dish, bread plate - there is literally no real estate left on the table!
What a great evening we had celebrating an anniversary this week end at Chapeau!. The food, service, wine list, ambience all exceptional. Every dish was attended to with thought and attention to preparation.
We have been regulars of this place for about 2 years now. We go every month (sometimes twice a month) and have never been disappointed by the food, the attentive service, and by Phillipe and Ellen's charm and hospitality. To the foolhardy, don't let Chapeau's cozy location in the Richmond or lack of "big-name reputation" fool you. Most locals know how good this place is so don't expect to get a table without a reservation well in advance. With that said, this place is one of the best deals in town. Their prix-fixe dinner is $35 per person and the quality and service truly match the big boys around town. We highly recommend the porcini-crusted sweetbreads and any game meat that Philippe decides to make, you will NOT be disappointed! I hope this place lasts forever.
I gave Clementine a 5, and Chapeau, in my opinion, is slighly inferior to Clementine. The atmosphere is geared more towards 4+ parties. Overall, good food in a very very tight space. The ambiance at Clementine is better, and they have the foie gras on the regular menu, instead of as a special.The only course I didn't like was the tasting fish, which was the day boat scallops. Not very original or flavorful. However, everything else was excellent. The lamb shank was so tender and huge. Filet mignon was in a wonderful truffled sauce with diced mushrooms, very good. If it's just 2 people, go to Clementine, but if it's 4 or more, go to Chapeau.
I love Chapeau!. This restaurant served me the best meal of my life thus far. Every detail of the food is perfection. There is just an obvious feeling that every effort is made to create the best meal possible. The owner must be difficult to work for! And to top it off, the price of the food isn't jaw dropping and I didn't feel any pretension or snobbishness with the staff or the clientele. If I had to complain about something... the space is a bit small and it is a bit on the loud side... other than that, this is about the best deal in the city for an excellent dining experience.
A perfect restaurant.
Great place. I liked how the owner/chef was very present on the floor. $38 make your own price-fixe meal from the menu (did this at 7pm). $15 corcage fee. Soooo declious. Get dessert. Minus one star because my cassoulet was pretty dry and bland, a fact that was highlighted by how amazing the other dish was (skate wing special). Made me regret my entree selection - that skate wing was incredible.
Wonderful, delicious French country food. Whatever you do, make sure to order the Creme Brule -so creamy, so delicious. Absolutely the best I have ever had.  I had the mesclun salad--which was buttery with a sweet dressing topped with a brie croquet. Lovely melt in your mouth.Salmon for the main, a deep smoky flavor-absolutely delicious.The service was excellent. And the chef absolutely delightful. Definitely a first for me to kiss the chef upon leaving. He seemed well prepared--he had the softest cheeks...
I love Chapeau! but Chapeau might dislike me because the chef didn't shake my hands. He didn't deliberately come up and greet me. I didn't get a chance to compliment his food and maybe shake his hands. Whats up with that? All the 40s-50s ladies with their derby hats were over him speaking in French giving him exorbitant compliments about his restaurant and food. Anyway, I thought the starters and en trees were absolutely fabulous, no questions asked. The waiters/waitresses did a wonderful job. They were very helpful and services were awesome. But, the desserts are awful. I didn't like any of the desserts in the menu. Overall, my experience there was really pleasant and food are good. I must say it worths 4 stars from me.
I'll get right to point; this dinner was the best I've had in a while. Our party ordered the salmon appetizer and the salad. We had the flounder, the duck and the pork entrees. All were superb; delicately done, distinct flavors and well chosen combinations of ingredients, sauces, etc. As an extra bonus, there is an early bird price which includes dessert. The desserts surpassed the way they read on the menu. Chapeau is a small pleasant place, without being ostentatious. The staff was charming and attentive but not invasive. The chef was present and gracious, thanking us for being there. This was our second visit and Chapeau is well worth leaving our usual little Berkeley track.
Generally speaking, fancier restaurants aren't so delightful when you're a vegetarian. Chapeau!, however, makes a mean vegetarian dinner. The service is always great and I never feel shunned for being a vegetarian (read smaller bill). My only complaint here is that the tables are close together, but I can live with that for such amazing dishes. And I've never seen any other restaurant in town where the owner will literally chase you down the block to say goodbye and thank you for coming. And he seems to genuinely mean it!
bf brought me to chapeau! tonight for my birthday. and happy birthday to me it was indeed.the value alone made me fall in love with this place. listen up...early bird menu = $25.50 for a 3 course meal. make that an AMAZING 3 course meal. no, seriously. come for dinner between 5 and 6pm (YES WE EAT THAT EARLY SOMETIMES!) and it's $25.50 per person.phillipe the chef loves his patrons, makes you feel at home, cares what you think about his food, and makes sure the staff take care of you. not only that but the food...the FOOD...is superb and special. and they switch up the early bird menu every two weeks.guess how often you'll be finding me at chapeau!...
WOW! What a sad change in the quality of execution at Chapeau!After my first course of rubbery, bland sweetbreads was served, I knew that the chef/owner, Philippe was not in the kitchen that night.Sure enough, his wife/hostess confirmed that he is working dinners at their new venture, Magnolia.Unfortunately, our meal did not show any signs of improvement, as the cassoulet was a complete mess. It tasted as though Phillipe had prepared it at 6am, making it a mushy, salty disaster!The Sea Bass was completely non-descript in flavor, and the Praline cake was without a doubt the worst dessert I have had in ANY restaurant. Three half- dollar sized slivers of dried out, tasteless sponge cake with a scant filling of what was supposed to be praline but tasted like sweet glue!I hope that Phillipe will give his attention to Chapeau! soon. In the meantime, maybe I'll give Magnolia a try.
As stated many times before, this place is really hard to find. The window blinds are closed in the evening making the name on the glass virtually impossible to see. When we finally found the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were greeted at the door by a man who I would later find out is the head chef. He was so warm and friendly. We showed up half an hour early for our reservation but they were able to seat us right away. The restaurant is small, with simple decor, very charming, cheesy wall painted with flowers and doors.The staff were okay. I still think the service at Clementine is the best in the city. We had to ask twice for water and the food was slow. Normally would have been okay if I wasn't starving to death. The Chef gave us an excellent wine recommendation. We ordered the evening special which was prime rib for 2 served with marrow bone (yum!), several sauces, greens and a potato gratin. We also ordered the fois gras appetizer, the goat cheese and polenta appetizer, a tasting fish of halibut over gnocci, and the praline pie. Everything was absolutely delicious. Barely a word was spoken over dinner because we were too busy salivating over the party in our mouths! However, the meal was ruined by two things. 1) the chairs are sooooo incredibly uncomfortable. After two hours we were barely able to walk because our butts were so sore. 2) I underestimated my weight and bust size and ended up wearing a shirt that kept bursting open with any sudden movement. so as we were leaving and the Chef asked me for kisses on the cheek, I left him with a quick dessert.
We came here for dinner tonight and the food was impeccable. First, we had a 5:30 reservation, and we were late due to traffic. We got there close to 6pm, and they were still able to accomodate us. The waiters are so polite and nice and the chef somes out often to greet the guests. Warm coze environment-- nice! by 6:30, every table was full, and people were at the door waiting. This place is that good. I like the prix fixe menu-- $38 to include any one appetizer, entree and dessert. They have a couple of other options too that include a fish tasting and I think that was $46. For appetizers, we had the french onion soup and butternut squash soup. Both were very tasty. The main entrees we selected were the pork loin and sea scallops. Yummy!
This neighborhood place has real French food and staff! It does not have a sign, so look for it. It has about 20 tables and is often booked, somake reservations. There is an early bird dinner Tues-Thurs. and it is a pre-set limited menu for about $30 per person. If you go to this restaurant often, the chef treats you to free dessert or free wine.
On food and value I give it a 4 (great food but wasn't off the charts for the price)... ... but the owner/chef is such a great guy, clearly cares about people and his restaurant, and bustels around so well that he makes it more of an "event" than just a dinner... ... and thus definitely a 5
very cute cozy restaurant and very friendly staff. i'd never even heard of this place until my friend brought me here for my birthday. and good thing she did! i really enjoyed it. good menu selection and great times to be had.i could do without the whole kissing thing though.
went for the our 10th anniversary and the pre fixe/four course was good. loved the oysters (5 stars), loved the desserts (5 stars for the cheese plate - all the way!), the stuff in between was ok but I can't remember what I had so must have not been too memorable -meat and fish - really nice palate cleansing sorbet full of liquor :). I tried sweatbreads appetizer because -why not it's a french place - the truffle sauce was amazing (even this scary 8 year old little girl at the next table was chowing it down)...but halfway through, thinking about what i'm actually eating, I had to pause. the escargot had a bit too much bite from raw garlic, made it hard to finish. i am seriously trying to think what my entree was. our waiter, the french speaking one was rude, maybe part of the ambiance...but the other hostess (asian/manager/owner?) was definitely attentive to her tables. Not sure we'll be back, (like metro on divisidero and le charm better) but glad to have tried it andit's good for the neighborhood. Our next french adventure is - la folie.
If you dont like this place, you are retarded. The food is insane and I think the price for 4 courses was around 45 dollars. Thats unreal for the caliber of food I had. Every thing was very nice and relaxed, and I am sure to be back many times in the future.
YUM! The amuse bouche (melon soup) was yummy. The seared foie gras was just rich enough, however the chef got upset with me because i didn't order the wine that should accompany such as dish. Wutevs....The special was butternut squash risotto with scallops, which was originally a starter, but o so filling and tasty. the chocolate dessert was great, but then the chef sent out a creme brulee on the house. I'm a sucker for the brulee, especially when it's comp'd. I left so full and happy. Phillipe and his wife are super personable as well as the staff. BUT, the seating arrangement kind of blows. Way to fucking crowded and cramped.  I guess you do what you can to accommodate all the pigs that wanna eat there...such as I. And it's SF - space is sparce!
yeah! it was good! i enjoy the califlower soup! i eat it with the yummy bread they serve. the hazelnut ice cream on the french toast is DELICIOUS!!! they also have good quality french fries and service!
The desserts here are great and the food portions are just right.
whoa - one of my favorite restaurants in the city...service is great! very small but the staff gives it a down to earth feel. i ordered mussels to start - then the duck over a bed of polenta and the apple tart with gelato. i was able to taste the other gals food and all was amazing. i think the service had a lot to do with it... we were slightly pinched for time - had to be somewhere at 11:00... and we were so disappointed that we were given no warning to pre-order the chocolate cake (it takes 25 minutes of additional time). definitely will go back and make sure I either pre-order the cake or prepare to spend a full 3 hours there.
went here saturday for my dads birthday. we had a reservation and got here on time, however, we waited rather awkwardly at the front entrance standing amongst all the people eating for about 5 minutes before anyone came over to ask if we had a reservation; AWKWAAAARD3 of us had the "meal1"mine was the black cod, it tasted ok; nothing special however, but it was nice and tenderi also was able to try the filet minon, and the salmon. the salmon was also standard. and the filet was just okay.i did get the trout appetizer which was very good, get this if you go.the salmon appetizer was nothing special, just some mashed up salmon surrounded by smoked/cured ?? salmon stripsthe onion soup was too sweet,; avoid like crying babies that aren't yours!dessert:the lava cake thing was blah, same as roys; nothing specialbut maybe if you like that at roys you'll like it here toothe rum raisin ice cream it came with was very good however, it came as one bite size scoopthe blueberry pastry thing, was also worthy of my recommendation.also, for such an expensive restaurant ($38 prix fixe); very poor service....next time, ill go to fringale where the food is a little cheaper and more flavorful.
I don't claim to be an expert on French cuisine, but I did like Chapeau! It's a cute, cozy little place, but It does get a bit loud at peak hours when the restaurant is packed. We were greeted warmly by the owner/chef when we were seated, and were served warm bread and butter, as well as a complimentary chilled melon soup to cleanse the palate. As for the food, the portions were moderately-sized but also moderately-priced. I actually prefer smaller portions because I hate coming home feeling like I'm about to pass out from a food coma, and the amount of food at this place seemed just right. For $38 (a 3-course meal package) I had a duck salad appetizer (though beware the liver on-top if you're not adventurous...), a monk-fish entree over veggies and lobster bisque which was delicious, and fresh 3-flavor sorbet for dessert. As we left the owner/chef bid us farewell individually with a kiss on both cheeks. It was a fun night!
what can i say here that's not been said already? yes chef does come out and kiss you goodbye. yes it was very very crowded.we had a reservation and waited by the bathrooms for quite some time not knowing where to stand and who to talk to too as their staff darted around. the food though was amazing. pretty close to flawless and fairly authentic too. loved the amuse bouche of cauliflower puree. mussels and pomme frites among the best.  bf's salmon appy was mostly raw so i couldn't like it. my tasty entree... monkfish sitting on risotto surrounded by lobster bisque. profiteroles very good but the napoleon was poetic. one thing i'm slightly displeased about is that the sorbet palette cleanser is extra. in all my years of feasting i've never encountered this before.   but will definitely be back. will even bring along the parents. (yes, i am that impressed by the food! ) can't wait to get into their wine selections then.
Best French cuisine in the City for the money hands down.  Great wine list with thoughtful "value" selections. Phillipe (the owner) often personally tastes your wine with you when you order a bottle..which may explain why he's so happy all the time.
I'm sure this place must be past its prime. A bit of a disappointment, though I now realize that it is no longer on the Chronicle's Top 100.Good: sweetbreadBad: salty mains, cramped dining room, cheesy wall muralsPlus the menu on their website is old-- prices have gone up about $5 since it was updated..
Chapeau is awesome. Great food and great service. Last time I was there I had the three course tasting menu with a great mixed salad to start that had blue cheese and candied walnuts. My entree was the bomb! Salmon that was over a delicious smokey sauce and the best risotto I 've ever had. The hard part was deciding on what dessert, but no matter since the waiter brought us an additional one for free. This seems to happen a lot or maybe they just like me?!!! I don't think so, I've seen Phillippe kissing lots of other people, too. Hmmm mmmmmm mmmmm.
Okay, I admit it, I went because I was getting frustrated trying to make a reservation for Saturday night at canteen, Saturday afternoon and Chapeau! popped up on open table. But I looked and the yelpers loved so I thought, what the hey, I'll make the trek. Wow! I walked from my friends house at 5th and Cali and once we passed Park presidio we knew there was no going back. There was nothing out there. It was completely deserted, and then all of a sudden a packed rectangular fresco-ed room of white table cloths. It looked like a wedding banquet. I was confused. But then we saw the mushroom top frenchy dicing up beef and adding all sorts of amazingness and we got it. It took my friend right back to Paris where he found the most amazing restaurant in a completely deserted area. I was amazed at that the pr ix fix menu was only $33 (well, $39 after I went all out and ordered the lamb). The food was so delicious. I had the warm Brie with potato and leek daphine and red wine reduction sauce. The perfect creamy salty sweet treat. The lamb was perfection, not the slightest bit chewy. The panna cotta was very good. We were all so full and happy. Kiss Kiss Chapeau!
Since the Chapeau! menu/experience is moving to Clementine so this space can turn into a bistro, let me be the first to say that I REALLY hope that we get some old-school basic steak, frites and beer goodness at the new joint. Nothing fancy, please!
Absolutely lovely! Delicious food (I got the salmon) and a super friendly staff. Felt like we were family:)
Every month or so I get a craving for traditional French Bistro fare - escargot, French onion soup, steak frittes... With all the great reviews on yelp, I decided to make Chapeau next on the list for a bistro buzz. Reservations are a must, and we went at 6:15 on a Friday evening. We were nearly the first customers, and the place was freezing. We kept our coats, and so did everyone else at the first seating.  The atmosphere is key to me when enjoying the comforts of bistro dining, and this is not what I had in mind. It was not any one thing, but the combination of all of them - the super close tables, the rushed service, and the freezing temperature - made us want to get out of there as soon as we finished eating. The food was ok - nothing special, but the main detraction was the service. This was not the casual take your time kind of bistro service and staff I'm used to, but rather hyper tense rushed get to your table to take the plate before you've finished type. I'm giving it 3 starts because the food was nothing to complain about either, but for a quiet, relaxing, bistro dinner, I would not recommend this place. P.S. The famous Philipe was nowhere to be found.
A friend took me and another friend to dinner at Chapeau! last night and it was wonderful. We ordered from the early bird menu, which I would highly recommend for the price (even though I wasn't paying.) I had the pork tenderloin, which was very good and one of my friends had the duck confit which was amazing! I fell madly in love with my dessert - the Red Wine Soup which is vanilla ice cream with berries and a fruity red wine sauce that I couldn't stop thinking about today. The service was very good too. The waiter made a great wine recommendation and yes, the chef did come to the table to greet us. Even though I had heard he always did this, it took me off guard a bit so I made kind of an ass out of myself. Anyway, it was a great dining experience.
fantastic place... love it. Try it and you wont be let down. My first choice for a date spot in SF usually.
The prix fixe menu is where it's at...and the owner/chef is more involved in his restaurant than anyone I've ever seen with personal attention to each table. Interesting dessert options and the menu is in constant flux.
The food compares to its price are impeccable! one suggestion: please put light on the sign. It took us ten minutes to find the venue!
the decor is garish but humble and earnest. however, if you want a mean cassoulet and an overall fantastic french meal -- with no frills or fuss -- this is your place.bonuses: down-to-earth eager to please owner/chef and his wife, plus the convenient neighborhood locale. it's like the plain jane girl in school who no one ever noticed, but then she spoke up in class and it totally rocked your world and you realized how talented she was.
Classy place. Good food. Good service. Food and drinks are overpriced. Restrooms need to be cleaner and more sanitary.
One of my most favorite places to dine in San Francisco. Phillipe and Ellen make you feel like you're welcome (Phillipe makes a point of kissing every woman in the place!), and the service here is excellent, even when the place is jumping, as usually happens on a Sunday between 5:00 p.m. and about 8 p.m. when all the "early bird" diners are there.Speaking of early birds, the early bird special dinner, which is in effect Sunday through Thursday from 5 to 6 p.m. only is not to be missed. It is by far the best food value in San Francisco. This is a three-course meal, with plenty to choose from, full-size portions for just $24 per person. Add about $18 for a half bottle of nice French red wine (full bottles can be had for about twice that), and you have a great meal for two with wine, tax and tip for about $83.The food is consistently wonderful and suprising, even when I have the same things again. The soups are to die for, as are most of the appetizers. I had the warm brie and potato thingy (can't remember the actual name) while my wife had the chestnut soup, which had a hint of curry. The salmon is always excellent, and the portion is huge. I had the pork loin, which was out of this world. My wife have raved about the mussels. The only disappointment for me is the cassoulet, which is very rich and gets tiresome after a few bites.Every times we've been there, Ellen always brings us a third dessert to try, and of course who can refuse?! But don't miss the sorbets.Make a day of it. Tour San Francisco, visit the Fine Arts Museum (Legion of Honor) and listen to the organ recital there, and then head out to Chapeau!
Chapeau! is! so! tiny! but! the! food! is! wonderful! Keep! it! up! Philippe!!!!
Chapeau is up there for best service in the city, on top of that, the food is wonderful too. There are so many mid to upper level restaurants in San Francisco that don't seem to give a hoot about providing the customer with truly professional service. Chapeau is the exception! You feel welcome and taken care of from the moment you walk in the door to the moment you leave. The menu is wonderful and I've literally never had a bad meal here. The other thing I noticed that was particularly impressive was that there were a few people eating alone at the bar. For some, especially women, the concept of eating alone in a Restaurant may be daunting, and to see that there were multiple women eating alone comfortably at the bar was impressive. The staff and the owner were considerate and attentive to everyone; their manners are impeccable, and in this day and age, that is something. You should not have to go to an inordinately expensive Restaurant to get professional service and a staff that takes making you happy seriously. If you're looking for a great meal at a reasonable price, served by a staff that is actually interested in your happiness, give Chapeau a try.
classic in every way. I still remember so many details from our new years eve dinner in 2000. savor every moment and bite in this perfect place in an unassuming place
Words really do escape me when I try and explain how fantastic Chapeau is, but I will give it a shot. I have been to the restaurant several times now. The first time was with a large birthday party and the service was impeccable. The other times were with smaller groups and as always the service was impeccable. The FOOD.. oh my god.. THE FOOD. AMAZING. There has been nothing that I have ordered there that wasn't fabulous. Can anyone say cauliflower soup? HOLY CRAP! And let's not forget the award winning wine list. The owner Phillipe is also the sommelier and has put together the greatest wine selection. The first time I went there, he had the best saying, "Wine is made to be consumed, not to just sit on a shelf." So, in saying that, he has a wonderful selection of wine under $20 a bottle so you don't feel bad if you order 2. We always just let him bring the bottles for us, it's a lot of fun to see what he will pick!Phillipe and his wife are so charming and sweet. He greets everyone that comes through the doors and he says good bye to everyone that leaves. True customer service at it's best!! They have gotten customers for life!!!Bon Appetit!
Delicious food and excellent service. The tables are alittle swished but that's what you should expect in a french restaurant. Had a reservation at 7:45 and weren't seated till 8:20, but still had a pleasant evening.
Chapeau! was wow (literally translated) five stars. Settled in the Richmond neighborhood, this out of the way restaurant is on the corner of Clement & 15th, in close proximity to Park Presidio. This was some find. Needed reservations for a Sunday night, and it was packed until we left some two hours later.Greeted by the owner and wife, courteous and friendly beyound belief. The service even before the food had me smiling. Guess I am not used to: a handshake from the owner, someone else pouring your glass instead of people at your table, new dinnerware between meals, constant flow of hot bread and more. Either I am a caveman or missing out.Did not know there was an Early Bird Menu (5-6pm). Where you can pick from a variety of dishes. They change their menu bi-weekly. Opted for Menu 1: Appertizer, Main Dish and Desert. French Onion Soup to die for. Filet Mignon cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. Hot Chocolate Cake, holy fuck! Shit is the best and it makes you swear!Great place at not an insane price. One recommendation do not sit at a table with booths against the wall, it can be cramped if you are a larger party or a larger person (vertically and horizontally).And if you are a woman you get a kiss on the way out!
The owner always kisses me on both cheeks, which is so charming. I think it's one of those hidden little places where people are afraid to tell anyone about because they don't want to wait for a table. The service I had was excellent. The food has been consistently good for me. I have no complaints about my meal, except it ended all too soon. I haven't yet found an early bird special that can beat the one at Chapeau. It's a gem!
Being French, I had to check out the French restaurant in my district for valentine day. Quite disappointing. Overpriced, and they are trying to be fancy with small portions.
finally! i have been wanting to go to chapeau! for years and years, and im not even sure why, but i think its that exclamation point. i went for a very belated birthday dinner with maureen m. which was lovely. the food was great - it was definitely the highlight as it should be. they offer a 3 course menu which i thought was a great deal so i had that. i started with oysters and had the filet mignon for my dinner. they also brought an amuse bouche which was a yummy califlower soup. the oysters were fine, nothing out of the ordinary. the filet however was cooked absolutely perfectly! i loved it. it was served with mushrooms and little potatoes which were good too. my only complaint would be to add a green veggie. the wine that was recommended to go with my dinner was also delicious. desserts... oh goodness! we ordered the profiteroles and the orange soup (don't ask) and they brought us a complimentary chocolate pot de creme. so many desserts! all delicious - i was sad to not be able to finish the profiteroles. the only thing that was a little off was the service - the waiter brought entrees to our table twice that were wrong, and at times it seemed like it was a little slow. but not a big deal! i did really like chapeau! and hope to go back even though its a trek out to the richmond. FYI - chapeau means hat in french, but chapeau! means wow! the exclamation point makes all the difference.
simply the BEST before and still simply the BEST now !!!
I always have a great experience at Chapeau! Food and service are great... may be a little pricey, but worth it. Expect a kiss from the chef at the end of the night and if you try to run away, he will chase you down...
I have dined at Chapeau a few times and it has always been a pleasurable experience. The food is classic and delicious. The staff is helpful and the proprietor is very friendly and personable. The wine list is great and the small restaurant space is warm and inviting. Suprisingly you don't lose intamitacy in the tight space. I feel very fortunate to have this restuarant in my neighborhood I wish everyone was as lucky.
This is the best value for your money in the city. It is a bit costly, but it's 5 star dining at 4 star prices. You get more that what you pay for. The service is impecable, the food is expertly prepared, and Phillipe, the owner/maitre d'/sommelier/head chef, makes sure everyone has a very personal and perfect experience. The ambiance is very charming and the pre fix menu is too good to be true. Try the Chocolate cake for your last course...it will blow you away!
My gf took me here for my birthday dinner. Everything was impeccable, from the sweet cream corn soup with dungeoness crab to the bacon-wrapped veal. Chef Philippe greeted us at the door and made sure to wish me happy birthday. My only complaint about this place is the elbow room, or lack thereof. It's not appealing when you can hear and actively participate in either conversation next to you and vice versa. But overall it's a small complaint...food was excellent.
What a wonderful restaurant. The service and the food were outstanding. The owner walks around and thanks people for coming. The staff is attentive, friendly and helpful. You can have a 3, 4 or 5 course price fixed meal if you order by 6 p.m. We did the 3 course and we were stuffed. I could not finish dessert. They have a great wine list. We ordered duck and salmon. They were wonderfully prepared. I have never given any restaurant a 5 star rating till now. Dinner for 2 with wine and tip for just under $100. I have paid more for so much less.
The complimentary amuse bouche, the super silky potatoe leek soup with crouton garnished with pesto in a demi-tasse cup set the tone for our wonderful French dinner punctuated by oohs and aahs. My choices were the corn soup with crab cake and white truffle oil (chef Philippe is a genius with soups!), mussels with fries (standard and broth slightly salty), the sweetbreads (rich and dark), and we as a table shared a bottle of La Follette Pinot Noir 2008 (so goood!!!), kir cocktails, and all the desserts expect for the sorbet trio (that's 8 desserts for 7 people). Hands down our favorites were the pistachio/nut semi-freddo like ice cream and the french toast, which we all agreed was probably the best we have ever had. Recommend next time getting the prime rib and bone marrow for two-sliced table side and beautifully presented and the seared foie gras. Everyone else also enjoyed the duck and Ahi Tuna salads, filet mignon, and the seared scallop was just one large scallop on a bed of risotto or something (didn't try it). Like all good places not all the dishes are spot on so I would go with raters reviews on what to order. Bon Appetit!
This place used to be one of those 'best kept secrets' in SF, as far as French restaurants go..It's gotten very popular over the last year, however the quality didn't suffer, and it's still one of the best neighborhood restaurants in the City. We've had many dinners here:  - the food is always great - the service is excellent and very personable - relaxing atmosphere makes the meal - location is very convenient, with plenty of parking (sure beats those trendy spots in the mission, where you spend an hour parking, an hour waiting and 45 min. eating)My only complaint (gotta have one, right?) is that it's hard to make a reservation these days because the restaurant has gotten so popular - that doesn't take away any stars though..If you truly appreciate French cuisine, you'll love this place!
I discovered this place because of Yelp and decided to take my mom there for her birthday. We made reservations online and wrote that there was a birthday. When I walked in, this Asian lady walked towards me mumbling something and I kind of moved out of the way because I thought she was trying to get out. It turns out that she was the hostess. The reason I thought she was a customer was because she was so poorly dressed. She was wearing this heather gray sweater, a pair of jeans, and black slippers with white socks. The outfit seriously looked like it was purchased at Walmart and I'm honestly not saying this to be funny. She also had no make-up on, her hair was a mess and she didn't even bother smiling. The only way that I can explain how this tore up looking woman is the hostess is that she must be the chef/owner's wife because I seriously doubt anyone else would get away looking like that. Everyone else, including the bus boys, looked a million times better than this woman. Besides the angry homeless looking hostess, the service was pretty good. Our server, who I swear looked like the hostess's brother, was just OK but the bus boys were on top of everything and there was another guy who immediately took our drink orders even though he wasn't our server. The food, on the other hand, really wasn't that good. The presentation was excellent but the taste did not live up to the hype. The food was just mediocre and most definitely not worth the price. Also, I thought it was in really poor taste that no one acknowledged my mother's birthday. I mean, I'm not looking to get anything free, but whenever we make a reservation and we write that it's someone's birthday, the server always mentions it. A "oh I heard that it's someones birthday..." would have been nice. If I bothered mentioning it in the reservation, that should be a sign that I would like this fact to be acknowledged. Overall, this place is a pretentious wannabe Fleur de Lys/Viogner and have no business charging what they do. Needless to say, I will never be back. One star for the great staff excluding the hostess and her brother.
I think it's all already been said about this restaurant, but you should go. My favorite French place in the city. Better than Fringale, better than Clementine, better than the Dining Room. This place was so good it made me get over my mental disgust with the idea of eating bone marrow. Had it for the first time there and it was off da h---. Sure, it won't get 3 stars in the Michelin guide because the tables are too close together blah blah blah, but who cares. Just go.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Took the boy here for the I-appreciate-how-good-you-are-to-me dinner. The service was impeccable and the chef so charming. The goat cheese napoleon was unbelievable. Can't wait to go back!
Check your foodie ego at the door and just have a good time. The food is awesome, the staff is great and the ambiance is lively. Love the owner!
the quality of food, taste/flavor, presentation is exellent. i'm kinda curious how the chef/owner managed to keep the menu prices that low, esp the early bird menu. i'd be eating here everyday if only i live in the city.
This place is fantastic. I've been 3, maybe 4 times, over the course of a few years, and found it to be consistently good. I especially love the casoulet. I wouldn't say it's a bargain, but the prices are reasonable for the quality of food. The sommelier (and owner) is a total trip and he's helpful.
One of my favorite restaurants in SF! Thoroughly great French cuisine and the opposite of the stereotypical snooty French restaurant. As a bonus, unlike most places of this caliber, the wine list is not overpriced and a number of decent bottles can be had in the $30-$40 range. The only things I've found underwhelming here at times are the dessert menu and the ambience.
This is definitely one of the best dining experiences i have ever had in my life! You have to be ready though.. its a very small restaurant.. so reservations are a must, don't go without them.. don't forget your wallet because fine French cuisine is not cheap.. I had just came from Paris.. and dining here is definitely like dining in Paris.. The service was superb and the food delicious..It was my first time there and the head chef still made it a point to come by and acknowledged our presence.. don't be a fool. if you love french cuisine. go while this place is hottest joint in town!
Excellent food and service, better than I've found at much pricier, trendier French restaurants. It's not the place if you want a uber-romantic atmosphere (because it's small and crowded) or if you want to wow someone with a fat, fat bill, but it's perfect if you want a bistro-like atmosphere and generous portions for very reasonable prices--without sacrificing quality! The wine list (long and diverse) puts many high-end restaurants to shame. Their early bird menu is a bargain! I don't give it five stars b/c it's a little too crowded, so it won't be the most comfortable meal you'll have.
I absolutely loved this restaurant! Came here for my graduation dinner with family, made reservations about a week in advance. The earliest time they had available was 8, so we went there at 8. Upon arriving, I noticed the restaurant was crowded (and was so glad I made the reservations). Food was just amazing! It did take a little longer than I expected but I'll say it was worth the wait! I had the fish, and it was yummy! While we waited, we were able to eat bread and butter, which was really great for me since I absolutely love bread, and they had the European butter, which is just heaven when combining the two. Dessert was just as amazing. We had creme brulee, the orange soup (which was better than I thought it would be) and the sorbet. I really loved the creme brulee even though I felt full I just couldn't help but to savor the dessert. They give your bill in a lovely hat (quite unique and interesting) and upon walking out, they thanked us for coming and gave the French goodbye greeting. I can't rate the price (my parents paid the bill and I don't recall the prices for our meal) but the quality was definitely A plus. Overall an amazing experience for me.
A truly pleasant dining experience. You can order a la carte but the 3-course meal is definitely the way to go. Very comfortable setting with excellent service to match the quality of the dishes served. The proprietor (who is also the sommelier) greets you at the door, adding a personal touch that makes guests feel like old friends.
Just returned from my birthday dinner at Chapeau! How is it that we've lived in the Outer Richmond for three years and never stumbled into this place before? My husband gets big points for finding this place.The restaurant was romantic and special without being pretentious. My wine glass was always full, my water glass was always full - but somehow the servers slipped in and out without really disturbing our conversation, I love that. I recognized one of the waiters from The Richmond - he said he's worked both places - he is great - just friendly enough, knowledgeable - we like him.The food. Wow! Okay, we've been to Paris several times and our brother-in-law is French, so we know French food. This is exceptional. In my humble opinion, this is the best French food outside of Paris. Portions are generous - the scallops and risotto were perfect, the pork tender loin was perfectly cooked and tender. Our appetizer salads were ample - I hate it when you order a salad and you get three leaves of lettuce and a crouton. Desserts didn't disappoint either.This place is great for a special occasion, but not so pricey that you can't go more often - we'll be going more often, I can guarantee that!! And, the owner did track us down on the side walk afterward to make sure we were happy. Nice touch!! When we told him that we loved it, he said "you have good taste!" Make a reservation, what are you waiting for?
This place is incredible. In addition to having great food, the service was great. The owner spent considerable time mingling with the guests. You could tell that he wasn't just going through the motions, but was genuinely determined to make sure we had a memorable evening. It was!
Utterly charming neighborhood gem. Even before I walked in, the owner greeted me at the door and ushered me inside. Some of the best veal I've ever eaten... and as part of a $33 prix fixe menu to boot. Service was attentive and friendly. The place is rather small and can get loud (and cramped) when full. But who cares? Chapeau is one of the best dining values in San Francisco.
My new favorite restaurant.
speak of overrated. is the french food scene in such bad shape here in SF? folks you're killing me... okay. maybe it's just me. but here's my story and it might counterbalance some of the reviews. i was looking for a relaxed place to eat some downhome french food, possibly in a slightly hip place, and the reviews seemed to indicate that. what i got was a place that reeked of "under the tuscan sun". a tired act by the main dude with mandatory cheek kisses. i mean, i'm european. i don't kiss people who come to my restaurant. neither does any restaurateur, in paris or elsewhere. it's forced. four different waiters waited on us, neither with any idea about our preferences that we had expressed to each of the prior waiters. and then, to crown it off... the couples smacking of illicit affair (but in a said way, not in a hot bordello way). and the hat for the check! my god, please, somebody tell them it's so gauche it's not even funny even if it's meant ironically. (the very expression "chapeau!" in french sounds about as hip as "gee-whiz", by the way). the food. my mouth watered all the way there after reading the online menu. but... there was no brandade, there was no chestnut soup, they were out of a few of the dishes. the rest was fine, i mean, it was fine, solid, slightly inventive food that would have done equally well without the inventiveness. and it's in the middle of nowhere. now if it were on 22 + valencia, i'd say i'd stop by once in a while, but why on earth is someone going to drive across town (regarldess of where you live) to go to clement street to be treated to air-kisses and a check in a hat? oh, man.
I thought the restaurant was very cozy and the chef was so nice to greet us at the door and shake our hands! (that is a run on sentence) However, the food did not impress me... As I was leaving, the chef grabbed me by surprise kissed me on both cheeks. HAHA! That left a good impression on me so I don't think I would mind going back to give this place a second chance.
I have been going to this place for years with my family on special occasions, and owner/chef Philippe & his wife Ellen always make us feel at home. The food has been consistently phenomenal (I'll let others detail so I can keep this short & sweet) and the wine list is also great- Philippe knows his food/wine pairings, alright! If you drive, try parking on 14th Ave. Just go there if you haven't tried it yet- I think you'll find it super chouette!
Before a flight home to the east coast had the "early bird" special for $28 per person that included three courses. Escargot.for an appetizer, a casselot of duck confit and beans, with creme brulle for dessert. Excellent service and food. Got there at 5pm, and by 6pm all tables were filled on a SUNDAY night. Had a wonderful bottle of pinot noir that for the 2 of us that was also reasonably priced. More restaurants need to take notice. Thanks again Phillpe for a great ending to our wine country vacation. PS. Make a reservation or you'll sit at the bar for dinner.
Phillippe & Ellen have a wonderful little restaurant. Their food rivals top restaurants in the city. The service is top-notch. My only complaint is the lack of atmosphere and the (EXTREMELY) close proximity of fellow diners. It is impossible to have a truly intimate conversation and dining experience. But, I do hope they do well in the neighborhood.
I made reservations for Chapeau! this Sunday after hearing all the great reviews on yelp....and it lived up to the hype...the food was amazing.... the early bird menu is definitely worth it...even their regular prix fixe would be a great deal everyday of the week...and I love that Chef Philippe Gardelle comes and greets everyone in the restaurant. I will definitely be back over and over and over again!
DELICIOUS. i thought this was one of the best dining experiences i've had in san francisco. the service is excellent and the food was divine. they gave us complimentary pea soup, which oddly tasted a lot like KFC gravy. so much so that i was tempted to bring in some next time i go to make sure its not really kfc gravy with green food coloring. the appetizer, a citrusy dungenous crab dish was great. really light and not to strong. my friend had a melted goat cheese salad which was probably better than my crab. my main dish was salmon. probably one of the best i've ever had. the sauce was great and it came over some type of polenta or something with prawns. mmmm. for dessert we got creme brule and another free chocolate mousse. it was great. the only bad part of the evening is when the waiter told me to come back after i became 21 to enjoy a glass of wine (i told him i don't drink). i highly recommend this place. oh and its hard to spot at night so make sure you have the correct address. and the menu online is not the same menu they have now.
i recommend getting the tasting menu - $40. i had very memorable prime rib here. my other favorite item is this risotto and scallop dish they offer you between your courses. i wish they featured that as an entree. two complaints - 1) the tables are set too close together so there is no privacy and 2) the level of noise can be quite high so it's not really suited for intimate dining.
Merci Beaucoup, Phillippe! He and his wife have truly brought love and great service and reasonable prices to the French dining experience to the City. Everyone feels welcomed into his baby....Chapeau! Just lovely food and waitstaff that understand what Phillippe is trying to accomplish. May you have a long and prosperous restaurant for another 15 years. Friends all have raved about your restaurant. Merci Merci Merci.
NOTE - Early Bird Special is now $25.50, not $19 as it says on their website. I think they have conveniently not updated this. This was the start to my feeling of "being taken". I don't know...I'm a bit disappointed. I loved how the chef came out to meet everyone and shake hands (I did hope he washed before going back in) , but I kept feeling like I was on a cruise ship. It just didn't feel sincere there, it is hard to explain. Kind of a cheesy effort. The food was pretty good. My husband started with the baked brie - really good, I started with the corn & lobster soup. It was not even luke warm and I almost returned it but I hate to be that person and it still had a good flavor. My husbands pork entree was overcooked, very dry. My mussels were ok, but several were closed up. The sorbet desert was very good. Service is efficient but again, insincere. I would have liked to see some personality shine through. We had 2 beers, 2 glasses of wine and 2 pri fixes later...$110. I would have rather spent this money at Chez Spencer: yelp.com/biz/7mOQYojByM- . The portions were ridiculously large too, not very frenchy.
Food is great and service was prompt. They can do a bit more with the space.
I forget how much I love this restaurant until I go here. The outside is totally not descript, but once you enter it's like you've entered a tiny little slice of France in the Richmond. The owner, Phillipe, is very warm and greets the diners and makes a point of saying goodbye at the end of the meal. And the food is some of the best French cuisine SF has to offer. Definitely a must try restaurant.
This small bistro has it all. The early bird special is an amazing value when you consider foi gras,sweetbreads and black cod with beef cheeks are included as some of the choices on the 3 or 4 course menu. We were a group of 4 foodies from Napa and Martinez and we were all so impressed with Chef Phillipe and his staff. We dined for 3 delightful hours which included a number of delightful conversations with the Chef as he engaged with diners through the evening. I don't remember the last time a Chef walked out the door with us to thank us and bid us good night. We were all delighted with our menu selections. The black cod and beef cheeks was an inspired combination that wowed the table. The sweetbreads were as we remembered from France as was the foi gras. This is true bistro fare which is presented in a very comfortable environment. The bar offers great selections and the wine list matches very well with the menu. Chapeau! was a delight from start to finish and we all left pledging to return soon. We have experienced most of the fine restaurants in the Napa Valley and the greater Bay Area and we all agree that this restaurant has it all...Enjoy
I went there with my friend. He liked it so much he said this is where I want to come on my next birthday. The food is wonderfu. The ambience depends on how many people are dining. If most of the tables are full or if there is a large party it will be loud. The sound acoustics are not the best.
Very good... but.. so pricey!!!!!
Yummy Early Bird Special...Perfect and delicious. The owners are so nice a place I will always remember for the good food and great service!
I'm with the majority -- nondescript exterior & bizzare location are more than made up for by exquisite food, reasonable prices, and charming staff. My question for Ron: was that a fingernail-type nail, or a hammer-and-nail-type nail?
Place has so many great reviews that it doesn't need mine to boost its star count, but what the hell, I'll get on the bandwagon. Best bargain in the city. I can't think of a single other place where you can get French food like this for under forty bucks. AND they have an early bird special for people who eat between 5 and 6. Look, it may not be super creative, but it is consistently excellent, and sometimes you don't want chefs messing around with exotic ingredients. Sometimes you just want perfectly seared foie gras and perfectly done cassoulet, and perfect molten chocolate cake, and a perfectly warm chef in a perfectly inviting atmosphere. You get that here.
Decided at the last minute to go here after shopping in downtown SF. We had eaten here once before about 3 years ago and really liked it. Called and asked for a reservation and were told we could sit at the bar. We took it and arrived about 30 minutes later (6:00 p.m. on a Sunday--place was packed). We were promptly seated (only disappointment was a table for two was open the entire time we were there and it would have been nice to sit at a table). My wife and I both ordered the 3 course Prix Fixe and a half bottle of a very good Zinfandel. Before our meal arrived we were given samplers of a Cauliflower soup that was very good--nice touch to what would prove to be a great meal. For my first course I had the Salade Landais which was a Frisee salad with Duck Confit and smoked duck and little potato chips. It may have been the best salad I have ever eaten. I didn't want it to end. My wife had the Mesclun salad which featured Fried Camembert. It too was outstanding. For our main course, I had the Baby Poissin in an a delicious sauce with baby potatoes, onions, and mushrooms. This may have been the best chicken dish I have eaten. Nice portion and delicious. My wife the Cassoulet with two different kinds of Sausage, Duck Confit, Cannelini beans and loved it. Also a very good portion. For dessert my wife had the Lemon Tart which she loved and I had the French Toast with Hazelnut Ice Cream and Caramel sauce. This takes 15 minutes to prepare but worth the wait. It was nice to rest a little and it was delicious. Our waitress was the bartender who was very busy but still managed to pay attention to our needs. She is an excellent bartender and took very good care of us. In addition to how good the food was, the presentation of everything was really done well. I really enjoyed this place three years ago but enjoyed it even more this time. We will be back sooner than three years from now.
deducting one star because it can get very, very claustrophobic in here when it's full...other than that, this place is great especially if you can come in early enough to take advantage of the prix fixe early bird special.the owner is great...friendly and makes great wine recommendations. great list of rhones and wines from southern france. philippe seems to like wines with lots of guts as that's what i always seem to end up with when he selects something for me. food's tasty too...it's not perfect. you're not gonna come here and find a french laundry type experience. the waffled potatoes on the salmon can be cold and a little greasy (same with the fried capers) and my meat was a little overcooked, but things are USUALLY great. and at these prices, who can complain? certainly not me as i've been in 7 or 8 times...check it out...not a better french bistro in the richmond (and that includes, at least from my one experience, the highly overrated clementine)
a seriously wonderful french bistro in the richmond... wow! the overall experience was great when I went there in June. We had a party of 6 and got there early for the fixed menu special... great service, great wine, and decent food, especially for the price.  really, it is one of a kind.
the scene: expect a personal handshake from the chef as he leads you into a cozy (read: cramped) space with friendly chatter and attentive waitstaff swarming tablesdefinitely try: salad appetizers, any specials which feature sauces, the fish tasting dish (included on menu 2), the under $30 wine listdefinitely avoid: ordering too many standard bistro dishes. leave the urges for french onion soup and cassoulet at home and opt for some of the more inventive fareprepare for: plenty of local charm, friendly neighborhood patrons (i noticed several tables sharing conversations with each other), solid food at reasonable prices, the chef kissing your date goodnight (!!)
If you routinely have French food, you'll like this place. If you've never tried French cuisine, you'll still like this place. Chapeau delivers tasty French dishes at an affordable price.The space is tiny but warm. The owner is exceptional, well-known for his farewell kisses. The service is a bit slow on the weekends.
Chapeau occupies a very small space that is full of tables touching each other. It feels cramped and overcrowded. We were four for dinner on Saturday night. Two of us came a few minutes before the rest of the party. When you open the door your enter a small space enclosed by black curtains. A woman peeked in, asked for details and told us to wait in that claustrophobic, dark space. After a few minutes in pitch dark we ventured in and were ordered to go stand in the back of the small room, next to the two bathrooms and the table where uncorking bottles is done. There, everybody going into the kitchen or the bathrooms had the opportunity to bump into us. In the meantime, the rest of our party had come and finally we were shown to a window table where two could have chairs and two could sit on the window sill with drafty winds and the narrow ledge adding to the discomfort. But you want to know about the food. OK, it's reasonably priced and some of it is good. You can have three and four course menus. The wine list is nice and they have half glasses so you can mix and match. I had a lovely smoked trout salad, a pedestrian black cod and a trio of sorbets. My table-mates liked their oysters and lamb. The service is sometimes inattentive and sometimes incomprehensible. My dessert wine tasted like it had probably been in an open bottle since its vintage year (2003).When we were leaving we asked to have a cab called and were told to go down to Geary Street where we could catch a cab.To sum - the good food is dwarfed by the discomfort of seating, the overcrowding and the uneven service. You don't have to put up with this. There are hundreds of better placed in SF.
Fabulous little neighborhood French place tucked away in the outer Richmond. Great fare without all the snobbery that one often finds at other more seemingly hip places in town. Especially good on a cold rainy winter's night (can you say cassoulet?). Often crowded because it's so popular. It would garner one more star if only I didn't always feel as though I was practically sitting on my neighbor's lap, never mind having to endure the other table's painful awkward first date conversation at the same time. Added bonus: the owner makes sure to personally thank you (with a kiss, if you're a girl) as you leave. Now that's attentive.
The food is outstanding and with the reasonably priced prix-fixe menu, you can get a genuine taste of France. The chef will gladly engage himself in any topic of conversation and his contagious enthusiasm makes him a pleasant addition to the table. It does get crowded, so make reservations.
it has a nice cozy romantic atmosphere, but somehow it's good for small groups of 4 - 6 too. i've been here a few times and i don't recall ever being disappointed. i love that they their menus change and they have different tasting menus - personally the 3 course is just way too little - i'm a pig i can't help it! i was there a few weeks ago for a birthday celebration, they had a fabulous filet mignon and foie gras tourchon. their foie gras was comprable to the ones i've tried in france, but i didn't like their cold melon soup though. service is personable, not pretentious like some of the other french restaurants. prices are fair and parking isn't too bad. oh and i almost forgot! they have the most divine hot chocolate molten cake! a must try for all chocolate lovers! it's so rich, but i have it with a cup of chamomile and a splash of honey, it's heaven!
The rain arrived after we left this place...and it didn't put a damper on the evening at all. It's SF, so you should expect wind & rain, followed by warm autumn days, followed by 4 mos. of fog during this time of year. Chapeau itself is a remarkable little place out in the Richmond district that reminds you why you should eat out more often. Remarkable because it's a tiny neighborhood bistro headed by a passionate chef/owner who greets every single one of the diners appreciatively and seems to have a loyal following in an area of the City that changes constantly. The dinner menu is French of course but with a hint of Cali. The basket of warm baguettes was constantly refilled, as were the water glasses. We did the prix fixe menu cuz that's just how we roll & cuz it's a tad cheaper. Appetizers consisted of a slightly sweet corn soup topped with crab meat and a sweetbread surrounded by mushrooms, slathered in its own perfect deep brown sauce. When asked how I wanted my salmon cooked, i hesitated 'cuz i've never been asked that before...pretty unusual, i thought. The pleasantly surprising smoky flavor won me over, but i think the cilantro pesto was unnecessary. I'm still trying to figure out whether the Lady enjoyed her monkfish (she seemed puzzled by the texture), although I'm guessing she did by the near empty plate. Loved the extensive drink menu and how they break it down price-wise for the wine bottles. The desserts (profiterolles and a tarte grand-mere) were the exclamation point to our meals. I can't say enough about the service, nor the food or even the place itself--I'll just have to keep coming back.
Chapeau! is a total oasis!!! I wish there were more places like Chapeau! - it's got everything: a fabulous owner/chef that is meticulous with his work; absolutely delish food; and a fabulously understated elegance (well appointed without attitude). Philipe has created an absolute gem...I just wish there were more!In addition to many special dinners, we done Bastille Day at Chapeau! (which is a hoot as all staff are in costume) and am dying to check it out for Beaujolais Nouveau release this year!
ok, it's not really a secret anymore but it's still remote enough for most people not to come. too bad for them...yes, it can be cramped at times but i've always had memorable meals here and the service is nonpareil. the owners always go out of there way to make you feel at home.just make sure you're not in a rush, start with an aperatif, and enjoy your food and company.
Fantastic food, great service, and very reasonably priced for what you get. Philippe is shameless, friendly, and very knowledgeable about wine. What more could you want? I've only been once, but not for long.
Perfect place to bring a date or a group of close friends. The service is good and the food was exquisite. The decenet pricing was also a plus although their wine and champagne were a bit over priced for their quality.
we had a group dinner here and it worked out perfect.the food was great, the service was extremely attentive and the deserts were tasty! they have 2 reasonable prix fix menus to choose from with a large selection of app's and entrees.would definitely go back!
I love this place, but I still have issues with places that serve foie gras, cus I think its cruel to the animal. The service is great and the environment is charming and intimate. The chef even comes around and checks in with each table each time I've been there.
Excellent French food in an unlikely neighborhood.  Cozy atmosphere with great service and a reasonable check at the end of the night. Phillipe and Ellen, the owners (and he makes the food too!) are always there to greet guests and kiss you on the way out. My favorite restaurant in sf!
dear lord, the sweetbreads were amazing.for 3 entrees, 2 appetizers, a half bottle of wine, 2 desserts, a coffee and a glass of muscato: $160, incl tax/tipwe had:appetizers: half dozen oysters, onion soup (deliciously cheesy)entrees: sweetbreads (life-changing), duck medallions, and a stew i couldn't pronounce, but it was really, really richdesserts: chocolate cake (good, but really too rich to end a meal with. if you want it and not want to feel too full afterwards, try to eat lighter during the meal), basil napoleon (fruity and really unique)we went on saturday to the early seating, around 5:45 p.m. i would totally recommend going as early as possible because then you can choose where you want to sit (provided that it is the same number of seats your reserved for). as a party of 2, we were able to sit in the back right corner with more space instead of stuck in the middle of two other parties of 2 (which kinda feels like an informal party of 6, from what i could see)so, yes, its a little cramped, and yes, the black curtain is confusing (i was looking for another entrance after i ran into it and no one came to get me), but, dear lord, the sweetbreads changed my life.
easily one of the best (if not THE best) adult meal we had in our life to date. phillipe made us feel like PRINCESSES the whole night! we went on a weekend when it was busy and people had driven out from afar just to get to their reservations on time since phillipe was to be on vacation soon, and yet he still made room for a bunch of knuckleheads like us who didn't make reservations. everything we ate that night exceeded our expectations, plate after plate after plate. the three course meal was DIVINE, even more so when you get to pick each one of your courses. the tomato bisque was the best I have ever had, the complimentary amuse bouche of melon soup had a little kick to it which was very tasty, the filet was cooked perfectly and i literally scraped the plate to get every last bit of sauce, and as full as i was, i tackled my warm chocolate cake and ate most of the giant creme brulee as it was too good not to eat. he even gave us another dessert on the house, so we had four amongst us. it was definitely a feast for over 2 hours that night and was fabulous!i've also never received such warm and kind customer service. every staff member, including phillipe and his wife, came to our table to ask how our meal was and were very attentive to us even when it was beyond 10pm on a sunday night. even after we left, phillipe sprinted outside to hug and kiss each one of us and say thank you. it was adorable and extremely kind!the food, customer service, quality, prices, and ambiance truly live up to the restaurant's name & deserves every high praise he's received. a modest gem in the city, totally unexpected when you're passing by a restaurant that has a handwritten sign of it's name on 8.5x11 paper.
* intimate and warm space, you are greeted by the chef owner and/or his wife.* make reservations for the early bird special prix fixe of $20- which is an amazing deal in the city. certain items will raise the cost of your meal so read the menu carefully.
First off, the food is amazing but my gripe isn't about the food but more about the atmosphere. Tonight I went to Chapeau! looking forward to delicious french food like I normally have had in the past. Instead of enjoying my meal in peace and quiet, my partner and I were confront with a very noisy child with his parents and grandparents next to us. While I think some restaurants are appropriate for kids, this one is certainly not one of them. If I am paying $$$ for a meal, I expect my meal to be delicious, services well attended to and quiet. I do not expect to be entertained by a loud shrill of a child especially at a french restaurant. I complained to the waiter at first but I could tell that he did not take me serious enough so I made my second complaint to the maitre d'. She told me that there was nothing she could do about it. Well actually there is.... she could either ask the parents to do something about their noisy child or as their yelp ad says remind the parents that their restaurant is not appropriate for kids. Sorry to say but it will be awhile before I come back to eat after this experience.
Prices were a lot higher than on menupages.com and the food was pretty good, but definitely not worth the money. Service was excellent and everyone was nice in the restaurant. Nothing else is really going on that street and it was pretty dead on a weekend night. If I lived in the neighborhood and wanted a local French restaurant I would go here again, but otherwise probably not worth the trek out here.
I usually don't go to French restaurants mainly because it's stogy and, well, small amounts of food at lobster prices. I like Yelp because they always seem to find the "good and cheap" places to eat.  Well, I must say, I'm convinced. Chapeau was a very pleasant experience for me. I came out full and happy as a clown, but not in a creepy way. Eventhough it wasn't cheap for a meal, I think it was the first time I dished out $150 for 2 ppl and said money well spent. The Foie Gras was the best I've had. I would definitely go back.
This restaurant is the little french restaurant engine that could! It's a little hard to find... we drove by it twice and missed it because it is in the middle of a residential area and the sign is not very large nor well-lit. Food quality is on par with La Folie and Fleur de Lys, but costs less, I was very pleased with all my courses. Service was great, you are greeted by the owner personally, which has never happened to me at any other restaurant in the city. (the owner even walks you out the door when you leave and kisses the ladies on the cheek for a genuine euro goodbye) Only gripe is the fact that they try to fit 50 tables in the size of an average living room, so yeah, you almost are rubbing shoulders with the other patrons and feel like they can hear everything you are saying. If they keep up the service and the quality of food, they will probably have no problems relocating and expanding in the future
I lived in the Richmond for years and can't beleive I never made it to this fabulous little place! I come from a long line of very particular diners and I could not have been more impressed with the service, the personal attention the chef/owners gave to every customer...Phillippe walked out the front door as we were leaving to thank us for enjoying our evening, how often has that happened to you?...and, of course, the food ! So yummy and presented so beautifully I felt bad that I'd have to mess it up to eat it, but I am soooo glad I did! I'll continue to go back until i've tried everything on the ever changing menu:) I really can't say enough about the great experience I had, you just need to check it out for yourself....I hope everyone enjoys it as much as my friend and I did!
I love this place! Great chocolate souflee, great staff, but may be overly polite. They have very reasonable prices for what you get for Fancy French Cuisine. This place a more of an experience than it is to just show up and eat.
My brother and I recently had dinner here with two freinds who are regulars. We are vegetarians and although the selection for us was small, the food was creative, healthy and delicious. The prix fixe menu is a great deal. The owner really goes out of his way to make you feel at home and welcomed. The place was full of regulars. Relaxed atmosphere. Excellent food.
I do not know why i never wrote a review for this. Maybe an unconscious selfish act to not share this hidden gem? Afraid that if everyone knew bout it, it would not be as special? No, that is not the case and based on the amount of review, it's not such a secret. :) I am planning a trip up North again so that is how this restaurant came to mind. My bf's uncle who is French took me here when i was up North on a business trip. He asked me where i wanted to eat. I said, "Pierre, take me to an authentic French restaurant and money is not an issue!" It was a business trip, of course! So he takes me to what is his favorite and where he knows the owner... Chapeau! We spoiled ourselves like little kids in a candy store or some one gone wild with a corporate credit card...=P with red wine, appetizer, champaigne, entres, dessert, the whole nine yards....everything was perfectly done. I had the cassoulet and i can't even remember what he had but everything was mouth watering delish. My cassoulet was the best cassoulet i've ever.ever. had. It was not covered in too much beans like most cassoulets and made to perfection. The dessert was top notch and beautifully plated. It was a feast made for a queen and that is how i felt when the chef personally came out and greeted me as they do in France, kisses on the cheek...
The service is unbelievably attentive (without hovering). The food is top notch. This is an ideal date spot.
Let me start from the beginning... My boyfriend and I went there based on a request from a friend of his... We don't go to Nor Cal very often and decided to get away for a little... This place was a little hard to find, parking wasn't easy as it is on a street that has small little shops in a neighborhood of homes... We ended parking around the corner in front of a house after circling around for a while. Walking up to the restaurant you can only tell it is there if you see all the people sitting and eating... It is a small little bistro. We walked over and the hostess open the door for us... As soon as we stepped in she greeted us as the owner walked over to greet us too... They searched for our reservation but could not find it, I guess the new person said we canceled when we didn't =/ but the owner was so nice to us that we didn't care. We sat next to a older couple celebrating their anniversary... the spacing is a little close between tables but we didn't mind. We ordered the Rib-eye for Two on the BONE... SUPER UBER AWESOME I think this was a special they don't have on the menu!! we had a bottle of wine and awesome desert!!! The setting was awesome to me... I loved it... the waiter was very attentive and as we left the owner came outside as we were walking out the door to apologize to us for the mishap... BEST SERVICE EVER!! especially with their busy restaurant I was blown away
We were greeted by the the chef/owner at the door, who knew where we were sitting without having to look at any papers. The food was extremely good, although the atmosphere was a little of. It has the makings of this beautiful little bistro, but it's too crowded and too noisy to work. I'll go back, but it's definitely not a relaxing night out. Reasonably priced, too. Don't leave your lipstick on Philippe's cheek when he kisses you goodbye. :)
i came here on a weekend night. the place was crowded and tiny. its pretty much elbow to elbow in this place. usually i dont mind that at all if the food is good enough, but the food here was only okay i think. since i came here on a weekend night, i didn't get to take advantage of their reduced prix fixe. i ordered the fois gras, lamb and a dessert and was also able to sample the onion soup and pork dish. i think this place would have been great during the weekday, but on a weekend i thought that the food wasnt good enough to merit the bill along with the dining room situation. the service was also not very notable. wasn't a bad experience, just wasn't anything that great. well...the foie gras was yummy, but i have been lucky to always have good foie gras so far.
I love the opportunity to try an array of food when dining. Chapeau's strengths are their balanced options and extensive, and thoughtful wine list. Rich flavors without being heavy in the stomach. Wonderul tasting menus! Gets very drafty by the front of the restaurant...Staff is passionate about food and wine and not timid about sharing their knowledge.
Can't beat the price! $34-Three course dinner with good portion of french cooking. This little french bistro in richmond is a suprise! Not so impressive on decor and no waiting bar, it makes up in the area of food and meeting the chef who is as passionate with his food as greeting his customers! Get great wine recommendation from the chef.
I feel a little ashamed of myself for not knowing this place was here for so long. Bad Cosmolicious. No foie gras! I nearly gave it 4 stars because we were seated 30 minutes late, but, after dinner, I gave in and desided on 5 stars. After dessert (and can I just say that I am not a dessert person) I was ready to hack the Yelp system and add a few more stars. The owner is completely and utterly egocentricly and charmingly french. How DO the french pull that one off? $34 for a 3 course meal of this quality is awesome!
I had heard very good things of this place, and decided to just drop in to see if we could get a table for 2. Luckily we were there early on a Saturday evening, and got a teeny table. The decor in the restaurant is really homey and elegant, and it really makes the small cramped tables seem that much less cramped. The service was impeccable, and table settings spotless. My friend and I felt underdressed, but the waitstaff did not treat us any differently. We ordered an appetizer of sweetbreads and I got a cassoulet and my friend got the duck leg. The amuse bouche and the breads were very good. The sweetbreads were fantastic and I felt the entrees were good, but not mind-blowing. What really made this place shine was the service. We got a friendly and enthusiastic handshake from the chef, our check in a cute little hat, and after we left, halfway down the street, the chef came running after us. We turned around and wondered if we had left something at the table or didn't leave a big enough tip. All he wanted was to properly say goodbye, and gave us both two kisses on the cheeks! Such a wonderful surprise, leaving us smiling for the rest of the evening.
I have been a true fan of Chapeau for years and wanted to try out Clementine after hearing they are owned by the same people. The food is just as tasty as Chapeau and that makes sense since the head chef manages both. The pluses was that Clementine was less crowded (there was actually space between the tables) resulting in less noise as well as less of a wait for food. The minus is that it is a bit more costly. So if you don't mind the noise level and wait, then Chapeau is more bang for your buck but be aware that I heard Chapeau's menu will or has changed so check for the new price. If you enjoy Chapeaus food and just prefer something less crowded and don't mind paying a little more for it, then Clementine is your choice. Either way, you can't go wrong. Both places serve very delicious French food at a price extremely lower than French Laundry and the staff are very professional and provide great service and the owners are very sweet people.
I had a completely different experience than Ron's review. I loved Chapeau! The food was fantastic, the owners were friendly, helpful and went above and beyond to make our experience a great one (they have great suggestions for wine pairings). The tasting fish was magnificent, the filet mignon was cooked to perfection and the warm chocolate cake was the best dessert I have had in a very long time. I also felt the food was reasonably priced for what we received. $34.00 per person for a 3 course meal, you can't beat that!
Excellent food. The restaurant is small, but that makes for a cozy intimate dinner. As you leave, you are kissed by the owner. For a brief moment, you feel as if you are walking out of a bistro in Paris.
The food is excellient! Chef Philippe Gardelle is very friendly, and often he'll come out and greet you. The wine list is very large for a small restaurant. The best French restaurant I've ever been to!
It's romantic. The service is impeccable. The wine list is stellar. It's french. And it's not pretentious. Need I say more? The owner and his wife personally visit your table and offer suggestions. Once, my husband and I asked for an inexpensive bottle of wine and the owner suggested a great bottle and didn't even blink an eye when the words, "inexpensive" passed my lips. The steak au poivre and friendly service will keep me coming back.
The wife and I have been here many times, and have always come out happy. Me having a larger appetite, I have to admit I'm not always full after eating here, but the food is really tasty, the price is good especially if you get the early bird special. All in all this is a great place to dine at.
I got a gift certificate from my friend for my bridal shower and decided to go there tonight to celebrate our three year anniversary of being together and making eachother laugh! From reading all the wonderful reviews, I was really excited to try their food. And, of course I was not dissapointed! The service was EXCELLENT! The staff was very attentive and helpful. Our water glass always filled and bread basket always plentiful. They even folded my napkin when I went to the bathroom. Hubby and I both had the prefixed 3 course meal. I had the goat cheese napolean, fillet mignon, and warm chcolate cake. Hubby had the warm brie with potatoe thing, pork tenderloins, and fruit napoleon. We were so stuffed and happy! I also love the fact the owner comes to every table to greet the customers and also says goodbye to them when they leave. This is such a warm personal touch and would toally make me want to come back again!
this place definitely lived up to all the reviews, and provided a delicious dinner, warm and enthusiastic service (love that phillipe) and a fun atmosphere overall. i had the goat cheese napoleon appetizer, which was so good and looked gorgeous on the plate, and then the monkfish entree, and both were delicious. for dessert, since there were six of us, we asked them to bring out six different desserts for us all to share, and they brought out all eight for us to try. all of them were great, except for the orange soup, which i could have passed on. in the end we were there for over three hours, and as i was promising phillipe we would be back soon, i was happy to know that i really meant it :).
I was sorely disappointed in our dining experience at Chapeau! I picked the restaurant based on several people I knew who loved it, as well as on yelp reviews. The service was abysmal. We must have been waited on by three servers--I have no idea who our actual waitperson was. Of course, no one introduced themselves, so I really had no clue. I usually don't drink a lot of water when I'm at dinner, but I did this night since it was so warm in the restaurant. There were three times I went to grab my glass of water and it was empty. We spent half the time waiting--waiting to hear specials, waiting to get our first glasses of water, waiting to get wine suggestions, waiting to have our order taken, waiting for the check. I think we could have been in and out of there in half the time. My dish was horrible. I ordered what I was hoping was Chapeau's signature dish--the cassoulet. It came out dry as if it had been sitting under a warming lamp for 30 minutes (which would not have surprised me). As we began to eat, I heard no "oh-my-gosh, this is great!" comments nor did I hear any "mmmms". For dessert, the blueberry pastry with creme anglaise tasted like Yoplait blueberry yogurt. The warm chocolate dessert was well-received by those in the party who ordered it. Actually that was the first food-related "ooh-aah" I heard. The best parts of the dinner were the wine that was eventually recommended to us--a Condreau and the decaf cappuccino. The one nice service touch was that one of the waiters went up to Geary to get us a taxi. He would not take a tip and simply asked us to come back again. I wish I could because of his kindness, but that won't be enough for me to return. This was a special occasion since it was the bachelorette party weekend for a good friend of mine. In the end, I was actually embarrassed that I picked this restaurant.
Food was great. The seating, not so. Actually it was terrible and deeply affected the overall experience. When making reservations, request NOT to be seated near the door - especially, the table right in front after entering the restaurant. It gets drafty and really intrusive each time people come and go. We almost always had to stop eating or hold our wine glasses in preparation for a bump to our table. Would've easily given this a 4+ star review but it barely makes 3 star because of the seating. Parking is non existent -- but we live across the street.
After reading many of the reviews I have been waiting for over a year to eat here. I was preparing myself to meet and be greeted by Phillipe. Upon entering the dining room it was very crowded with tables within arms distance of eachother as expected. Phillipe came charging up to us and greeted us right away looking for a table. We were seated next to the door and I was literally in front of it. A dark curtain is placed in front of the door to prevent people from looking at you while eating. But people would inadvertanly pull the curtain aside to come in and tap me on the shoulder. They probably thought it was a soft couch pillow but that was my fatty back people. Since there were 4 of us we decided to order the 3 dish create your own set menu. For $38 it was a very good deal. We ended up ordering different dishes so we could sample everything. The onion soup and warm brie were very good. I would definitely recommend getting the trio of salmon. It was excellent. We also ordered a large bowl of mussels for the table with pomme frittes. In hind sight we were better off ordering 12 raw oysters. The mussels weren't that great. For dinner I had the bouillabaisse which had a really good flavor. The manatee ended up trading her half eaten monk fish for my 3/4 eaten food. I wasn't going to complain. hahaha. The monk fish was served with a creamy risotto which was on teh creamy side but very good. The monk fish was overcooked, however. It was on the chewy side. But I still devoured it. My sister and her manatee had the prime rib for 2. It was served with bone morrow which I tried for the first time. It was interesting to say the least. But wasn't worth finishing because I don't need extra cholesterol. The prime rib was pretty good but I think it was reheated. It also cooled down fairly quickly. It wasn't the best i've had in the city (No, I don't think House of Prime rib is good). For dessert the Vanilla bean creme brulee is the winner here. It is just as good if not better than Ruth Chris's cremem brulee which is the best I've ever eaten. I am fat and trust me I have eaten my share of creme brulee. The apple tart and chocolate cake were also very good. The napoleon was given a twist served open face with the 3 piece of dough on top of the filling and fruit. On the bottom of the plate was a basil concoction. It made a very interesting combination that worked very well. I was impressed. Overall I ate alot of food because the manatee said I basically ate everyone's appetizer, entree and dessert. As I am sitting here writing this review my stomach is currently resting on my lap. Good food for a very reasonable price is Chapeau!. I almost gave the place 4 stars because as we left I was waiting for Phillipe to come say bye but there was no sight of him. Then all of a sudden he comes barging through the curtains and out the door to make out with my manatee and sister. I wish he would have given me a kiss. I have been waiting long time.
from the moment they confirmed my reservation to the time we left, I was quite impressed....their food was nicely presented and had a wonderful taste....I specially liked their frisee duck confit salad...very light and fresh. We were also wondering about a dessert and they said that they wanted us to try it so sent it out on the house...that is good service...parking is a little harder to find in this neighborhood but we were lucky to find something up the street.....they wife and husband team works very well n i applaud their hardwork in making ppl keep coming back...cuz a majority of the people are their guest from the past
very close seating. we got simple syrup with diced melon and mint for an amusefood was ok. the seafood app I got had NOT fresh prawns and scallops. not cool.my girlfriend had a nice vegie app. duck was ok. vegetable entree was wierd.nice prices.
We took my parents here when they visited San Francisco. Phillippe, the chef and owner, greeted us upon our entry and was extremely congenial.The set menus are the best deal. The oysters were fresh and the salads were all excellent. For the main course, I tried the lamb, which was surprisingly good, especially for American lamb which usually has a bad odor.Again, the restaurant is a bit tight, but we were a party of 6 so we had our own area all to ourselves. It was packed for a Wednesday night, up to 11pm! Amazing, for such a local restaurant.
For a restaurant this size, it can't get any better. The price is average for French. I've had so-so meals at other fancier restaurants and ended up paying much more. The foie gras, duck breast, porkloin, scallops, desserts were all outstanding. Service is very efficient but not rushed. This will more than likely become one of my favorite place to dine. The only disappointment was that half a glass of wine is only less than 2 oz. But that's not going to keep me away. Great job!!
i took the family here for dinner tonight for my mom's bday. this restaurant is fantastic!! the location is so discreet, and from the outside, it actually looks closed, b/c there were white shades drawn over the windows. in fact, from across the street, i thought the restaurant had moved and that i was going to be late for my reservation if i had to go driving to find the new location!that being said, as i approached the front door, i started hearing noises coming from the inside, and when i opened the door, i was shocked by the sheer number of ppl inside packed like sardines!! you can get the 3 course meal for $38 or 4 course meal for $45, which comes w/ an extra course of tasting fish (scallops tonight). i got the duck and frisee salad for my first course and found some fois gras on top as a pleasant surprise!! i had the bouillabaise for my second course and then the warm choc cake, which was DELICIOUS!! my dad got the fois gras appetizer, which was an additiona $6, the cassoulet, which was huge and hearty, and the trio of sorbet. my mom got split pea soup, the monkfish (the waiter's fave dish!), and the basil napolean, which was really unique and refreshing. my bro got the four course and had shrimp appetizer, scallops, osso bucco, and apple tarte. i tried everything and was not disappointed w/ anything. our waiter also suggested some wine to pair w/ the meal, which was a nice touch. all in all, a great experience and quite a bargain for the level of food and service here!! the only downside is how cramped the dining room was!
You can't get better french food in the city for the price. There is an early bird special for a multi-course meal...everything was done with such care. the sitting room is small, and the chef/owner makes sure that you feel special. a great place for a date.
Uhh.. I guess I don't really have much to say but thanks to Yelpers for an awesome recommendation. We've been dying to eat at Chapeau! and we finally had our chance and it's everything that the reviews say. I read reviews raving about the food, but didn't look at the pics, so I was pretty amazed with the presentation of the food. It was something I'd expect in some fancy and snooty joint in downtown somewhere, not in a small joint near where I usually go grocery shopping with other Chinese grandpas and grandmas. Yeah, the place is small and noisy, but who cares when the food is this good?! Best of all, the food is very reasonably priced and I'd agree with others, dare I say it?!? I'd actually pay more!! Service was spot on (our waiter kept re-folding my wife's napkin when she would leave the table, making me feel like a bastard-husband-that-I-am). And lastly, the owner, Philippe, is ridiculously friendly!!  I'm thinking that once in a while, guests walk outta the place and he must think to himself in French 'Ahh what the hell, I'm busy cooking this duck confit, I don't need to run out of the place one more time to shake their lousy hand'. But he doesn't!! We sat near the window and the guy ran after every guest that left his place. So, in the end, once we left the restaurant, we didn't walk too far so he wouldn't have to chase us down. Besides, we wouldn't want him to burn the confit, eh?
The day we dined at CHapeau was probably an off day. I hope! It took well over 45 minutes to get our food- and some of it was cold! Also, Chapeau doesn't seem to serve people in order of their arrival, which I thought was customary for restaurants. Had we not received such poor service, I may have enjoyed the food more. We told the Chef about our louse experience, and he bowed his apology. I don't think Chapeau is worth the price tag. Clementine's food isn't as creative, but the service is fabulous. They make the experience intimate at Clementine. Phillipe better not f*** it up!
the food was so good. it was just little more than the prefect portions that leave you just satified if you have an appetizer, entree, and dessert. i didn't find the "menu" option to be much cheaper than just ordering what you want, but you do same some change. the atmosphere is much more fun than it is quiet and romantic. you do sit RIGHT next to the next table. definitely worth a try, but not for a quiet, romantic dinner. the chef is so cute too! not like hotty cute, but like quirky personality cute.
This has to be the least romantic French restaurant I've ever been to. The tables are super close together. The food is decent enough and the chef is very friendly, but I found the food to be just okay. The desserts better than the entrees-- the best creme brulee I've ever had!
excellent food, excellent service. it's a small, cosy restaurant. the othe yelpers complain about the place being cold, but i thought it was warm b/c they have heaters on the ceilings. the price is reasonable for french food. the seared foie gras is one of the best i ever tasted, the salmon trio is light, but tasty, and the escargot (i did not eat that) but my friends says it was really good. it comes on rosemary skewers w/ delicious potatos. also we ordered a duck entree to share w/ everyone. mosit and delicious. i ordered the filet migion and it came with mushroom hash. let's just say i cleared my whole plate. my friends order the salmon and grouper. salmon was good, and grouper is meaty. my boyfriend ordered the prime rib for 2 which he ate him self. the slice it for you and it comes w/ 4 different sauces, big cheese potato plate, and green beans. he finished it all and says it was really good. for dessert we ordered sobert and creme brulee. the sobert comes in 3 differnt flavors, my fav is green apple and creme brulee was okie. alsou get a free asparagus soup that was so yummy. would def come back here!
I agree with all the postive reviews! There is nothing to complain about the food and service. For those not wanting to wait, make sure you make a reservation a few days ahead of time, and you will be seated in no time by the friendly staff. And if you can make early dinner at 5-6pm on Sunday to Friday, you are in for a treat!
I'd been wanting to eat here for ages and was really excited...Yes, this place serves solid food with a friendly chef. But, is it really that great? Usually, I judge a restaurant based on how memorable it is, and the only thing that stands out about my experience there is how uncomfortable I was being sandwiched between two other tables about 1 foot on each side of me. I realize that the space is small and they want to fit as many people in as possible. But when I go out, it's not only for the food, but also for the ambiance, and this one just didn't cut it. So, three stars for pretty good food, and no stars for the overall experience.
Wonderful taste, wonderful service (which I don't give a F usually but it's good if it's good right?), nice atmosphere... OK it's pricey but if you know how French food is, it's worth coming here. I spent 64 bucks for myself only when I went to this place for the first time, but I ended up going home with a huge smile... Great wines too. They change menues every week so check back if you don't see what you want to have...
I took my bf here to celebrate his b'day. He really loved the veal shortbread and the monkfish entree. I had the tiger prawns and Osso Bucco both very tastefully presented and paired with half-glasses of wine, which is nice option. Mystery Bonus: We got an exquisite complimentary dessert of fruits and custard on top of the desserts that we ordered...possibly as an apology for finding a crumpled receipt floating in my water glass at the beginning of the dinner. For whatever reason, the attention was great and the food was excellent.
Three revolutionary cheers for Chapeau! I also had a great experience there. The owners are great! The food is reasonably priced and it's high quality. I'm sure that because it's so popular you may chance upon a bad night, but I believe it's the exception. Go there and be merry!
I've had about a dozen dinners at chapeau! over the years, and have consistently found the food to be excellent and the service some of the warmest in the City while maintaining professionalism. They even got me to eat cauliflower -- the amuse bouche one visit was an amazing cauliflower curry . When my dining companion's onion soup was so hot that he was waiting for it to cool while I nibbled my way through my starter, the waiter checked in to make sure there wasn't something wrong with the soup. Too few waiters take the time to do small things like this, but it creates a memorable dining experience. The chef/owner greets diners on their arrival, and will job down the sidewalk a bit to bid you farewell. Looking forward to their taking over of the Clementine space as well -- it might make it possible to stop in and grab a table, which is nearly impossible at the always bustling current location.
For French I was told Clementine and Chapeau! Clementine was first and while I have no complaints I'm not clamoring to go back. I'll be back for Chapeau! Its pretty much boomin'. Well balanced, great flavor, and the early bird special makes for a pretty decent deal. The chef and owner comes to say hello and shake your hand. Why I have no idea but it made me like the place more. When we were leaving the chef came running out to say goodbye and give my girlfriend a kiss on the cheek. No worries guys. I was watching his frenchie ass and was ready to drop him if he was the least bit proper but he was just doing his frenchie thing.
Phillipe is the Man; Ellen is the Woman: at this truly wonderful refuge for fine cuisine. I have never had anything that didn't make my taste buds dance. For those who have never experimented with great French offal, the sweetbreads are some of the finest anywhere, in France or anywhere else.
so good, i wanted to go to the kitchen and hug the cook! ... for the price i have to say is probably dollar for dollar, the best in the city, and i am a food snob!
I heard such great things about this place from other yelpers as well as Zagat, but I wasn't that amazed by the place. My friend and I went last week and we thought it was alright. They do maximize the little space they are given which causes the place to be very packly tight and loud. We decided to go for the 3 course $39 package but in retrospect, I would have just paid for each part individually since I ended up having the onion soup (one of the less expensive first course options), then I had the osso buco with noodles, and then the orange soup for dessert. The onion soup was good, I was worried, since it was French, that it would be salty but it was great. Next was the osso buco - it was good, but I have had better. It was very salty, too. My friend had the bouillabaisse and it was very very salty! We almost couldn't eat our main courses due to the salt but since we didn't want to be rude, we plowed onto dessert. The only shining moment for my friend from the meal was when her Profiterolles came. She inhaled them! I decided to go lighter and had the orange soup concoction. It was ok, interesting at best. The orange soup in the martini glass would have been fine but it had some odd green mint jelly at the bottom which ruined the orange for me. It did come with a side of orange souffle of some sort which was good. When we left our meal, knowing we weren't coming back anytime soon and needing to drink a lot of water afterwards to quench our thirsts, the chef/owner came running down the street after us to hug and kiss us goodbye, that was a nice touch.
chapeau! is great, the owner and his wife are lovely and personable and will recommend both great wine and dishes for you to try. soup of pureed chestnuts with bacon was amazing, prime rib with 3 different sauces was better than porn on a sunday morning. soooooo gooooood. the prix fix is perfect for trying out the menu at a really great price. one of my fav frenchy spots in the city.
Yum! This place is great! Very small and cozy but certainly works for groups. I came here recently with my monthly supper club and I'm still thinking about how fabulous the creme brulee tasted. The wine selection is great and all of the appetizers and entrees that we ordered were delicious. The chef also comes out to greet guests to check on how everyone's enjoying their meal -- I love that. The only downside is that it's all the way out in the Richmond. :-(
So much for Ron's review.  But having been to Chapeau about 15 times over the years, I have to say that for the money, Chapeau has, hands down, the best French bistro experience. Yes, it's out in the foggy sticks of the Richmond, and you'll be surrounded by hefty white haired matrons, but the food, especially the meats, which is Phillipe's forte, is on par with many of the much more expensive establishments downtown. In French style, Phillipe is hugely gregarious and at first, it might seem a bit offputting. But after a while, you realize that he's the real deal. More than once he chased out after us to say goodbye, and he always has an excellent wine suggestion, no matter the price point. For many it may not be worth the trip to the Richmond, but those that make it are rarely disappointed. A perfect spot if you're headed back from the GG bridge, it's dark and foggy, and the hunger for a dry French champagne and crisp frites suddenly seems to rise inside of you. Make a right on Clement and find Phillipe. He'll welcome you and feed you well.
My wife and I are both French and we liked very much this restaurant. The food is perhaps not the best or the most sophisticated French food you might have in SF (we don't know yet, since we moved to SF not too long ago) but without a doubt it was excellent! The selection of wine is very good (we got an amazing bottle of Cahors) and the service is pretty good too. If you get the chance to chat a little with Chef-owner Philippe Gardelle, you will soon realize that he's really passionate about his work. You will for sure appreciate that monsieur Gardelle also deeply cares about his customers, greeting everyone coming in, and running after people in the streets to say goodbye. The only 2 things I did not like too much are the so-so interior decoration and the loudness of the room (even if it is relatively small). Yet, because food and wine were really excellent and because the Chef is so committed to transform what could only be a nice dinner into great experience, I highly recommend Chapeau!
Great French bistro fare with a Californian twist all packaged in a neighborhood restaurant. One of my favorite French bistros in all the various cities I've lived and one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. The prix fixe menus are deals ($35 for 3-course that you pick and choose from the a la carte menu; there's also a 4-course). Besides the delicious dishes, the personal attention of the proprietors, Philippe and Ellen Gardelle, throughout the meal add to the neighborhood feel of the restaurant. For example, on a recent weekday night, there were 6 of us for a relatively late (8:30p) dinner (I made reservations a week in advance and only 5:45p or 8:30p or later were available). The table was ready for us when we arrived and Philippe ushered us to it. During the meal, one of the appetisers that arrived was not one we had ordered, so the waiter quickly went to correct the order but still left the original and said it was on the house (it was the absolutely delicious grilled tiger prawns and scallops). Philippe also has the habit of trying the wines with you if you ask him to recommend something. Talk about standing by your recommendations! After the meal, Philippe bid us good-bye (yes, faire la bise to the ladies). While Ron D.'s comment about the many waiters is true, I think it works for Chapeau (there doesn't seem to be confusion) and keeps the mood fluid, with someone always ready to fill a glass or answer questions.Notes: Definitely make reservations. And the restaurant space, while bright and cozy, is small, tables are set close to each other, and typically full of people, so don't expect a lot of quiet.
this review is long overdue. i've been here a few times, and each time was just as good as the last (if not a bit better). the food is what you'd expect it to be: delicious and indulgent. i usually get the duck confit, duck breast (i really love duck), and the vanilla bean creme brulee whenever i eat here; but last time i did the duck breast was not on the menu =( nonetheless dinner was still excellent. phillipe and his wife are just darling. great wait staff and service. nothing to complain about at all!
Besides the ho-hum decor and the tight dinning quarters, this place was a real treat. Everything on the menu looked great; what we ended up ordering turned out to be absolutely delightful (halibut & fillet). The best part of the meal was definitely the warm chocolate cake...
What a wonderful surprise. We and another couple have been out trying new, highly touted restaurants--with positive--but not knock-your-socks-off results. So maybe older is better? Chapeau! is a multi-star gem, and I have already booked a table for the return trip. While the place looks like it could be stuffy, the staff, though formal enough, couldn't be friendlier. They strike an unusual balance between creating a special atmosphere, while putting you at ease and offering advice and knowledge about the food and wine. Chef Philippe Gardellclearly enjoys working the front of the house, from his personal welcome to each guest, to pouring the wine, to his final au revoir at the door. And all of this wonderful ambiance is enhanced by the food. A delicate corn soup with crab, a baked brie, goat cheese galette, heirloom tomatoe salade, were among the flavorful starters. Though the menu is based in classical french cooking, it is lightened and freshened with subtle flavors. The duck breast was moist and tender, the bacon-wrapped pork loin was mouthwatering and the vegeterian terrine sparkling with lively tomatoe, corn, and several other crisp tastes. Two of us had the 3 course menu ($38)--so that we shared two deserts--which featured the warm chocolate cake with rum raisin ice cream and caramel. That about put us over the top for this rich evening. Each portion was more than adequate, and we all considered this a great value. They also have a terrific wine list that highlights good choices under $30. I can't wait to try it again.
Amazing little place to go for French food. We went for the first time this past month. On a Thursday night with a 8:30 seating, the restaurant was still packed.  Nice decor, wall-to-wall tables make it a cozy, but comfortable fit. Definitely not a place to go for a quiet candlelit dinner, but if melt in your mouth food and good service is what you are looking for, you can't miss. They also have a nice wine list.
Delicious, fairly inexpensive french food off the beaten track. More of a neighborhood spot (family owned/run), not that romantic, but great for a weekend night. Call ahead of time to get ressie's...I hear they get booked up quick!
I went to Chapeau! last night on a Tuesday. It's like transporting you to France, what a great experience. Philippe greets you as you enter and makes you feel like you are part of the family the whole time. They do not rush you at all and when we left around 10:30pm, people were still talking amongst themselves, which reminds me so much of restaurants in Europe. I started with the corn soup, it was amazing, although very creamy so it was a little filling. We also had the salmon which was very tender, nothing special though. I had the Salmon as a main dish and my friend had the Halibut. The Salmon was cooked perfectly but I think the sauce it came with was a little overpowering, but a fine dish overall. The Halibut was definitely better with the sauce perfectly matching the delicate flavors of the fish. We ordered a bottle of Chateneuf-du-Pape from Grenache grapes which he highly recommended (it was around $70) but we wanted to splurge. It was truly amazing, very balanced and fruity, I definitely recommend it. For dessert we had the apple tart which was very good and also the Creme Brule which was amazing, highly recommend it. Overall I give it 4 stars for the food, 5 stars for the wine, service and personal touch that Phillipe gives the place.
We finally had time to dine here after hearing so many good things about this place over the years. The service certainly sets the standard and ranks among the best. Half an hour late during the dinner hour, we were seated immediately without incident. Greetings included a personal one from Chef Philippe Gardelle! What can one say? The place is hard to find in the evening and night hours. The exterior is very low key in a great residential neighborhood, yet once inside, it is inviting, cozy yet lively. Our dining experience included wrapped pork loin and scallops, both presented well and cooked to perfection! An excellent french onion, as well as a squash soup complemented the meal, as did our desserts - which literally disappeared in a flash. Oh, by the way, the pricing here is excellent! Several prix fix options - from around $38 and up. Great food, wonderful atmosphere, professional staff, and Chef Philippe personally greeting and sending us off made for an impeccable experience.
Excellent food. The green salad was especially impressive (vinegar, oil, and musard dressing most perfectly balanced) but everything we ordered was top-notch. Decor is a bit weird and provincial and the owner arguably overbearing (if you are a woman you *will* get a kiss and if you're a man you *will* get a handshake). If you're willing to put up with the admittedly minor irritations, the $24 early-bird prix fixe is a great deal.
3 years of French can't even get myself through the menu. sigh... This place is a hidden jewel in residential part of Clement street. its small but elegant layout makes me want to have a place like this of my own. Dropped by last night with couple friends. Phillippe came out and personally greet each customer with a warm handshake as usual. Food is excellent as aways, and so is the impeccable service. Special of the day was Bone in Prime Rib for two carved next to table with 4 difference sauces. Meat is carefully prepared but a bit on the fatty side. Overall, still a great experience.
my dining experience at this tiny restaurant was quite pleasant ( = it was a friend's bday and we had a reservation for 11. we had to wait for a lil' bit since these 2 girls kept chatting after their dinner at the spot they were holding for us... so yea, it wasn't the staff's fault. moving on... all of us decided to do the 3 course menu to make things a lil' easier. since there were quite a few of us, i got to taste different dishes in addition to my own. ( = my smoked salmon appetizer was good, as was my friend's salad w/ foie gras. the squash soup was a bit sweet, but we were warned about it ahead of time. the oysters seemed fresh, it was interesting how they were placed on a bed of salt instead of ice. i had the sea bass which was good, but the mashed potato beneath it was too salty. unfortunately others who also had mashed potato that night also said the same thing = / my friend's filet mignon was tender... i got to taste the pork tenderloin which i thought was just ok. my bf ordered the lamb shank and it was hugantic~! the meat was very tender that it easily came off the bone. oh, we got the complimentary curry soup too... we ended up dipping the bread in the curry soup, quite tasty ( = the desserts... for some reason everyone got so excited when they heard about the chocolate cake that at least half of our party ended up choosing that as their choice of dessert.  it was good, but it was very rich and sweet. = / i liked my vanilla bean creme brulee though ( = my friend's apple dessert was good as were the cream puffs filled with ice cream. what stood out the most was the deconstructed napoleon... i think it was a mango basil napoleon? *forgot the name* but yes... that was the hit of the night, it was light and refreshing.  the service was excellent from beginning till end, the friendly group of staff were very accommodating to our big party. oh... they gave us extra desserts on the house too ( = i liked the small place with it's intimate setting as opposed to some of the other bigger restaurants. overall, i had a wonderful dining experience here at chapeau~! ( =
My favorite pure French restaurant in the city. It's small and the tables are crammed next to each other but the chef-owner, the food, and the wine list make it all worth it. There is a 3-dish and 4-dish prix fixe for under ~$40. Favorites of mine are the cassoulet and the squab.
From start to finish, excellent. This was my second visit and both times I was very impressed. The owner/chef always gives out extras, even desserts (not necessary) and comes to say hello, and then comes to say good-bye. This time, when we left, he didn't see us. BUT, he came running out AND crossed to street to give hugs, kisses and compliments (on my friend's clothes). Oh, the food. Well, everything was great. Just go and enjoy. Especially btwn five and six, M-Thurs for the best deals. We stayed for three hours and no one tried to hurry us.
i've been here 3 times... and have always had an outstanding time and excellent meal.. the service is excellent and friendly. and the price is right.. especially if you go early.
Love Chapeau! It's great to have a quaint French restaurant so close to home. The food is great and the wine list too. Sometimes a bit more elbow room would be welcomed but that is also part of the charm.
I had a positive experience here, but was a bit underwhelmed. This is supposedly the best French restaurant in San Francisco according to a lot of local city guides. The food was good -- perhaps I don't have the taste to really appreciate it, though. The decorations inside struck me as pretty very cheap looking, and the seating was cramped. I had a nice meal, and didn't object to the price. However, I was expecting much more.
It's been awhile since I've been here but last Friday we had an 8:45pm reservation and I was looking forward to some good French food. Chapeau and Phillip did not disapoint. This place is a big room packed with tables out in the Richmond. You walk in to a black curtain, feel your way out and are suddenly standing right in the restaurant. It took them a little while to seat us and to take our order  My date and I got the price fix menu for $38 and we brought our own bottle of bordeaux and paid an $18 corkage fee. I had a vegetable, goat cheese napolean to start that was very colorful and nicely presented eggplant, peppers and other vegetables stacked on each other and topped with goat cheese and cucumbers in a cylandrical shape. Very tasty. My date had the foie gras that was good as well, not the best i have had but good. For dinner we shared the cassoulet and the duck. Both were good and very filing. For dessert we got the warm chocolate cake with hazelnut ice cream and the apple tart but were so full, I ended up taking half of each of them home. We wandered out around 11pm and after we were a block away we heard someone yelling behind us. We looked up to see Phillipe running after us. He came up thanked us for coming gave us each 2 kisses and ran back to the restaurant. My date put is best when he said It was a good solid meal.
fantastic. read the good stuff. that's all i have to say.update: i made reservations a couple weeks ago for 8:30 but we weren't seated until 9. Phillipe i think it is time to graduate to a bigger location. i don't think you'd have a hard time filling up a spot twice the size. it wouldn't have been a big deal, the wait, but my grandmother is 86 years old and a little crabby. I had the rabbit leg plated with the wheat bulgar which was so good i can't really describe just try it. the french onion soup was as good as I've had and the creme brulee is as good as I've had. 6 stars to the smoked salmon trio my GF had as the appetizer if i could I'd give that dish 6 stars. i agree it is THE BEST french restaurant in the city bar none. i am going to make it my mission to try everything on the menu.oh and contrary to opinion of other yelpers we brought wine. corkage was 18, which i believe to be fair.
Possibly the best service I've had in the city. Everyone was friendly and made sure our meail was perfect every step of the way. The room was extremely crwoded though and you are only a few inches away from the nextx table. Food is extremely good. I had the French Onion Soup, Prime Rib, and warm chocolate cake dessert. It is also reasonably priced.
chapeau is the quintessential san francisco neighborhood restaurant. the place is small and non-descript, and its on a residential strip of clement. as you walk in, it becomes evident that chapeau has build up a loyal clientele.... how many french restaurants can you go to and see two old chinese men enjoying a french meal, or a family with kids out celebrating a birthday, or have the chef personally greet every guest with a "bonjour/bonsoir". no, this isnt a place to be seen, this is a place to go enjoy a good homecooked french meal. i guess you can say its quaint. the food is very homestyle french, nothing outrageous, nothing over-reaching.... just good french food, very satisfying, very comforting. if you get the prix fix, then two of you can get out of there for under $80 with a glass of wine each, tax and tip included. does a restaurant like chapeau deserve five stars? i pondered this, and for me its simple. chapeau is what it is, and it does it very well.
