This is an outstanding place. At the glory of Potrero Hill, comes a restaurant that is just wonderful for a meal. They have all sorts of appetizers, sandwiches, burgers and entrees, with strong influence from both France and the United States alike. Prices vary a bit, but are very reasonable, especially by San Francisco standards.It was refreshing to go here. I had the basic burger, one of their popular dishes, but I added roquefort cheese and, so should you. My soda did come in a bottle, but that's about my only complaint. The bread was refilled. In due time, my burger came. Such cheese enhanced the burger, all just heaven on a plate. The fries on the side had a great seasoning. I shall not hesistate to come back.A meal at Chez Maman means not overthinking it.
Oh. My. Gosh! This place is a gem. We randomly looked on Yelp and decided to give it a shot. Cute and romantic ambiance. I had the creamy mushroom fettuccini. So amazing! Didn't think a dish so simple could be so good! I had plenty to bring back to the hotel for later! The bartender might have been the owner. He was nice and smiled a lot. Definitely would recommend this place. They have different items on the menu and its away from the hustle and bustle of the city!
Definitely amazing food and good prices, too!I have been here twice so far (once for dinner and once for brunch). I wasn't disappointed both times. I was actually surprised by the prices and the portion sizes given that this place always has at least 5 people waiting to be seated. Crepes are quite good and their mussels are amazing (comes with different choices of base sauce). French onion soup is probably not for everyone but I liked it.I also like the fact that the waiters are always friendly and casual. If you are in the neighborhood, definitely give this place a try. You most likely won't be disappointed either.
This place gets crowded for lunch! Luckily, M and I arrived shortly after they opened so getting a table wasn't a problem.I ordered the Merguez Panini since I loved it so much at their sister restaurant, Gamine. I thought it was good, but slightly different than the first time I had it. I don't think I would order it again here because I remembered it differently than my first experience. It lacked the saltiness and richness that I loved so much. It was still good but different. I was totally jealous of M's veal dish. The creamy mushroom sauce was to die for. Maybe this was why my panini didn't taste as yummy as I had hoped... I had entree envy! Lol.Next time I'll try the burger that everyone raves about. Hopefully it won't disappoint!::update::The burger is definitely the way to go! I ordered it with Brie and bacon but they forgot the bacon and I was too hungry to wait haha. It was still really tasty. The fries were perfect and they give you a generous portion.
One of my favorite restaurants in ALL of San Francisco. If you haven't come here, you're missing out. It's telling if you have just as much fun waiting (you can enjoy a glass of somethin' outside under the moonlight) as you do when you're seated. Best clams in SF. Right here. Their burger is also amazing while their fries are better than the McDonalds fries that you remember having as a 3 year old. Yea, they're THAT good.
A friend was heading up into the City from South Bay and was in the Potrero Hill area so we ended up here. I read the reviews and decided on a burger - decked out with brie and avocado. I was going to go with an egg too, but the waiter suggested the two was enough. Burger was deliciously cooked, the brie and avocado were great additions, creamy and fatty! The fries were okay, but the real star is the burger. Service there is great and we sat outside with no real issues. Actually it was kind of warm outside with the heat lamps. protip: no reservations, but you can get a table pretty easily if you get there early.
Came here with a friend for dinner around 5:30 and we were able to be seated right away. We were at a table outside, which was okay because it looked a bit crowded inside. Overall a really nice ambiance and authentic French dining experience.As for the food, everything was amazing! We got an order of the escargots to start, which were really flavorful, and the sauce was a perfect pairing for the bread they give you. Highly recommend ordering, especially if you've never tried them because these were some of the best escargot I've had. For my entree, I ordered the Poulette Moules, which were just as tasty. The sauce was robust and buttery, and the shallots and bacon were a great touch. I also got a side of the fries which tasted really good when dipped in the broth.Overall, it was an amazing dining experience, with friendly staff, and you really can't beat the price. Highly recommend if you're in the mood for a great French restaurant in Hayes!
C'est la vie... Oui....Monsier!I seem to be trending French cuisine in the past weeks.... recently in Boston, prior to that from Los Angeles... and now in my hometown, San Francisco!!Chez Maman is truly a neighborhood gem where locals meets their neighbors, the City folks and then some (tourists). Brought my coworkers here because truly, this is one of my favorite French "goto" place to dine in the City!! Really dig their local vibe, love the hip ambiance. Love their cute outdoor dining with heaters to boot, and I especially enjoy dining in at their counter, where I get to see tons of action. Definitely a great conversational piece with lots of interaction with the staff, and best of all; their food here has got to be, one of the best of the best! Simple French cooking with a little love from "Maman!"PS - their "Crme brle" is simply magnifique!!Until then, Cheers! ~ :p
Chez Maman is an experience! The staff is friendly and hilarious. The food is amazing! I cannot say enough great things about Chez Maman. It is a really small restaurant so expect a wait even if you arrive here late (ie, 9pm). Service can be on the slower side since they are quite popular, but it's well worth the wait and the staff will make you laugh as you wait :P They're known for their burger and their mussels. Both are excellent. I also had their french onion soup which was delicious but quite heavy. I will definitely be back (a lot)! Reasonably priced, amazing food, awesome staff -- what more can you ask for?
The food was decent, but overall I wasn't quite as impressed as I had hoped. Before I get into the details here, the wait here was super long since the location is rather small especially for larger parties (but I expected this so it wasn't a huge factor in my rating). I ordered a salmon eggs benedict and a side of fries. The eggs benedict was quite standard, as in it was tasty but not special enough to leave a lasting impression on my taste buds. The fries were delicious though, and were seasoned nicely. There was also a portion of bread and butter served before the meal...the bread was not toasted and rather cold and hard to the bite, but nonetheless was a nice reprieve from our hunger. Staff was actually accommodating and friendly and gave us realistic expectations when it came to the wait for our party. While I wouldn't mind returning to this location, I also won't be eagerly returning. If I do return, I would want to try their burger!
Admittedly, Chez Maman was second-choice option for me on the day I came here. But I was definitely NOT about that 2 hour line at Plow two blocks down. Literally walked in as soon as we stopped by. Besides, Chez Maman had also been bookmarked for a while...so I feel ZERO guilt about my spur-of-the-moment decisionmaking.In any case, if one is to come to a French eatery, then one must not make a head scratching decision. Basically, that ruled out the entire menu for me except for the crepes (because after all, why the hell would I eat a burger when CREPES are on the table???). Was suggested to try the Complte crepe...yep, that was a win.Chez Maman isn't the biggest place. In fact, I would be pretty surprised if you could fit more than 20 people in here. However, the small size of the restaurant does add to the vibe of the place as it makes it feel more like a true French restaurant. I get the sense that if this wasn't such a popular Yelp destination, it would just feel like one of those places in the neighborhood for the locals to frequent.Definitely enjoyed my experience here, would come again!
I came here twice, once for dinner on a Friday night and once for brunch on Sunday morning. The service here was great both times! There was a wait on Friday night but I had a free glass of wine while I waited. Every dish that I've tried here has been great! For dinner we had a burger and the mussels, and for brunch the eggs florentine. The portions are pretty big and I'd recommend coming here anytime! I will definitely be back to try other goodies on the menu :)
The place was good enough. There was a 7 party line ahead of us that went by very fast.Service was very good and the wait staff were French and very charming.French onion soup was VERY cheesy (very good)... My salmon panini had ham in it which I found strange as people usually order the salmon dish if they DON'T want to have meat.Anyway, I ditched the bread and had the salmon (w/ Brie) and caramelize onions with my side salad and was satisfied enough.Hubby had the burger with Brie on ciabatta. Just ok.For desert, I had the berries and Nutella crepe. Unfortunately the berry Nutella combo was sorely disproportional. I wish I could have had a generous side of Nutella to balance off the tartness of the berries.A couple beside us was saying that the food was not as good as before.I wonder if the 4.5 starts came from people eating the dinner menu? Not quite sure how it's maintained such an excellent rating.
Came here on a Saturday after 12pm - no wait! I got the basic burger and added brie. It was good! Tender, juicy, and cooked medium rare just as I requested. The basic burger is your typical American burger with a French twist. I wanted to add avocado and an egg but didn't want to pay for a $20 burger haha. The real winner of Chez Maman is their aioli. THEY HAVE THE BEST AILOI EVER. It was creamy, light, and had a hint of garlic. It tasted perfect with their fresh french fries. Chez Maman is pretty small, so I don't recommend coming here with large groups. However, it is the perfect place for a date with a significant other or a catch-up brunch date with a couple of friends! Decent prices, yummy food, good service. I can't wait to come here back here for dinner....and that aioli!
Came here for a Belize reunion dinner with two other friends. We got there super early (for dinner), so we sat at the counter and ordered some drinks. The place was pretty empty at the time (5:45pm on a Wednesday). I was afraid of the lines that everyone talks about. So if you can get their early, do it. Our third party finally arrived, so we were seated immediately. Super friendly staff and I love the accent! We ordered the Bake Camembert with roasted garlic, that was delish and creamy, but don't wait too long to eat it - the cheese gets cold fast! We were too busy catching up with each other's lives.I ordered the Savoyarde - fingerling potatoes, prosciutto, raclette cheese & cornichons. It was good, but I guess my taste buds wanted more flavor? Not sure what it was. A little too much potatoes for me, but it was cooked perfectly. I couldn't really taste the prosciutto, I wish there was a little more meat. My friend ordered the veggie crepe and I don't see him finishing it. Although I don't know if he liked it or not, or was he just full. Other friend was the one who recommended this place and had a veggie burger. I don't think it was on the menu, but the server was very accommodating with her. Hindsight, I should've ordered a burger. Everyone posted that! But I wanted to be adventurous and try something else and i loooooooove prosciutto!I would come back and try other items on the menu.(by the time we were done, 7:30pm, there were a lot of people waiting outside! )
Pros: There is a reason why this restaurant is 4.5 stars with over 1000 reviews. I often write reviews as a form of social service but this is one of the few places I got excited to write this review! Wow, where to begin... the french cuisine here is DELICIOUS! I got their mussels as an appetizer (their 3rd option with the bacon) and it was heavenly... definitely savor the creamy sauce to dip your bread, your fries, your ANYTHING just to eat more of that sauce! The chez maman burgers are super delicious and flavorful with their crunchy ciabatta bread. The pork chops were excellent with their special sauce. The truffle mac and cheese... is probably an acquired taste as the truffle oil is strong with this one! The service is also excellent... almost surprised this isn't recognized by michelin guide (and if it is... it is well deserved!). The waiter is really funny and he accidently gave me another beer and upon telling him I did not order another one, he replied "It's nice to be nice" and gave it to me for free! That my friend, is excellent service!Cons: The place is a bit on the smaller end so expect a wait during prime time. The waiter is good about asking if you want a drink while you wait haha. Overall: Yes, I can't wait to come back! The food, service, and atmosphere are excellent and highly recommended!
Great food, good service. Chez maman is now a few doors down in the old chez papa location. Thought this larger location would cut down wait times (no reservations taken) but for a table for 4 on a tues night around 7:30 pm, we still waited about an hour (for 1st available, it was a table outside but heat lamps were on). The french onion soup is the BEST! We also tried the escargot, salmon burger, moules mariniere, rack of lambs and pasta carbonera. The salmon burger and pasta were average. Escargot was above average. Lamb and mussels were on point!Creme brulee was good - top could've been a bit more caramelized.
The husband and I went here on Saturday for brunch at around 11:30 am. We waited for less than 2 minutes for a table. We got a savory crepe (the mushroom one), a dessert crepe (the suzette: sugar and orange butter) and a oeufs cocottes (or poached egg with cream). The savory crepe was very rich, and even though I ordered it for myself I had to give most of it to my husband who was only too happy to finish it. The poached egg was very good but the clear winner was the dessert crepe. They set the crepe on fire with alcohol before you consume it. Unlike most SF brunch places that serve pretentious small-sized portions of food, you will actually have a full stomach after your brunch here.
Maybe a perfect French bistro?You can smell CM from about a block away. Once you're across the street, forget about it.It smells amazing.I mean, REALLY amazing.It's small. There's only 7 tables inside. One large booth for 6, the rest are 2 tops.  Counter seating for 10 I think.2 small tables outside.That's all folks.Between the amazing aromas & the small size, naturally it's always packed. We went by randomly & I couldn't believe it would only be a 5 minute wait. We totally lucked out.Our waiter was a prince. It was packed, but he was thoroughly unruffled. Funny & nice, a real pro.The Malbec for him, the French Pinot Noir for me. Both were great accompaniments to our French bistro dinner.The Camembert. Divine. Melted, gooey, piping hot cheese, roasted garlic, spread on toast? Honestly, your worries dissipate w every bite.The basic burger. Let me tell you, this "basic" burger can give a lot of other "un-basic" burgers a piece of advice. The meat was cooked per my request, medium well, & was still moist & juicy. I asked our waiter what cheese he would recommend. Brie was his immediate answer. Then came the gentle suggestion of mushrooms. Yes, yes, yes. Pourquoi pas?! A divine combination, & the burger was not at all soggy. Major props.My man. Sigh. He didn't feel like a heavy dish, so he went w the chicken panini. It's a cold sandwich, & is more like a picnic meal as opposed to a dinner option. It was tasty, but then I love pesto...The burger just blew the panini out of the water.The burger also outshone the French fries. They were okay, but not exceptional. Great for dipping in your mussels & frites, but unremarkable.The table next to ours ordered the lamb sausage plate. I ate it w my eyes. All of it.There's no disputing CM is a bonafide gem. Cozy, relaxed, & romantic. Service & food were above par, despite being constantly packed. Props.4 & 1/2 stars.
I'm so going back. My girlfriend had the mussels and I had the burger and it was amazing. The french fries are like crack. Funny little French men running the place that really know how to make a really great burger. Cocktails and dessert are we amazing as well.
On the same block as Ruby Wine, I ate a quick meal there before a wine tasting. Had the beef tartare with toast points and soup of the day, carrot soup. Both were scrumptious, and the service was warm and attentive. Will return for sure!
Just waited 2.5 hours after we were told 45min wait. We checked back repeatedly and each time was told 15 more mins. After 7 times we bailed Don't mind a long wait but do mind the total lack of honestyVery poorly run and the food is average from previous visitsWe happened to be at a wine tasting and their lack of honesty ruined our eveningStrongly avoid in future
Great Service! I really enjoyed my time here, and I look forward to coming back the next time I make it to San Francisco. It is an intimate, but lively atmosphere. The Arugula Salad was Amazing~! I want another right now :) Gluten Free Crepes made with Buckwheat.
French Onion Soup is SO GOOD.I ate it the first time alone...and had an entree....yea I didn't finish that entree. Second time, definitely split it with the husband.I've tried:mussels- salty broth but with bread is yum.beef tartare-...it was ok to me, nothing too special...guess I wasn't a fan of the strong mustard tasteflat iron steak- pass please! it was more medium than medium rare and needed more salt. definitely lacked flavor. it came with fries so that was good, we ate the fries with the mussels.half roasted chicken- pretty moist, the mashed potatoes were yummy, the sauce wasn't my favorite as it leaned to the sweeter side but still yummy.definitely come for lunch (weekday). i came when they opened and a little after, not too crowded. moderately pricey, will be back! T__T diet what diet. oh and easy residential parking too! But beware street cleaning signs!
Loved this spot. Super chill, great brunch and really friendly staff. I had the ham + Gruyere cheese crepe and highly recommend it. Mimosas are a bit overpriced however. $10 for a small mimosa is a bit of a stretch but we were on vacation so I bought it anyways.
This place is my new FAAAAAAAAAAAAAVORITE date spot! I came here on a Saturday for brunch but I have yet to come here for dinner! My boyfriend and I arrived at 11am and we waited for about 15 minutes until we got seated at the bar. The hostess asked if we wanted the counter or a table, and we chose the counter so we didn't have to wait any longer since we were super hungry!It is a small joint located at a corner of Potrero neighborhood. Heading from the Peninsula and going towards downtown, this place is very convenient since it is on the way. A plus is that this popular joint has lots of street parking!The lady working at the bar was super attentive. As we got seated, she handed us the menu and gave us their complimentary bread. I ordered the smoked salmon crepe! It was super delicious. The crepe wrap had a chocolate taste to it and it worked! Although the portions are not too huge since I could finish the dish for myself, the prices are pretty cheap! I enjoyed the ambiance this restaurant brings. It is a small joint located at a corner, and it is perfect to bring a date! It is very cozy and intimate. I cannot wait to come back for dinner.
My boyfriend came here Sunday around noon time & didn't have to wait. We were seated immediately. The waitress was very kind, and customer service was great. I ordered the eggs florentine- OMG so yummy. And a mocha to drink! I enjoyed my meal very much, even the side salad that came with my eggs florentine was delicious. The vibe of the little restaurant was nice, lots of people eating with their loved ones.I would definitely come back again!
The menu items are interesting (in a good way) with appealing crepes and French-themed entrees as standouts. The attentive and unreasonably pretty staff make the meal a pleasure. It feels fine like an authentic French cafe. All good.The three-star rating is meant to be positive. I enjoyed lunch.I can't rave, though, partially through my own fault. I ordered the French onion soup which was good, but I detected a slight wateriness. Not really a fault, but I like the stock heartier and even the generous cheese didn't tip me into pure pleasure.I choose the ratatouille crepe to be noble after ordering the cheesy soup. It was too noble a choice. I should have had something less pure. The filling was not the red saucy eggplant that I expected, but rather something more subtle. And, there wasn't anything cheese or gooey (again, my fault). And, the crepe was whole wheat and good for you. At it was topped by some good for you greens. I was full, and the food was well prepared and served perfectly. But, I don't have a craving to go back. Of course, if I do go back I am going to go to the dark side of the menu and look for more cheese and unhealthy options!
This place was pretty good. A group of 11 of us met for brunch and were waiting almost 2 hours but since 11 people takes up the majority of the dining room, that to me it totally understandable. They allowed us to order drinks on a tab that was transferred to our table once we sat down and they kept them coming, even though we were sat outside at a bench as we waited for our table.I (and all of my friends) ordered a basic burger, to which I added avocado, bacon and goat cheese. The toppings at $1-$2 a pop can add up but it was so good. The goat cheese was a perfect garlicky addition. Bad parts - what knocked the rating down for me was, I ordered my burger medium rare and it was completely well done. Not just my burger but everybody's burger were overcooked compared to what we ordered.Good parts, good food, good table maintenance - glasses cleared, plates cleared, water fullWould I come back? Probably. Would I recommend it? Sure. Next time I want brunch will this place jump to the forefront of my mind? Probably not.
Came here on a Saturday night for a cute,cozy dinner.Was seated right away around 8:30.Pluses:-love the quaint and warm environment (real candles too)-service was good-burger patty very thick and juicy-crisp,seasoned fries-delightful, refreshing raspberry sorbetNot a fan-my salmon crepe was lackluster - didn't like that the crepe was soggy, and I tasted the bones in my smoked salmon... No Bueno-expected more of a crepe from a French joint, but crepeville would suffice-Food was not amazing (did not meet the expectations of the yelp reviews)
There's something addictive about their French fries and aioli.Like, I couldn't stop eating it.Came here to take my friend out for brunch and thought I'd introduce her to a new place since she's down with trying new restaurants, and she's not picky.I came here specifically for their burger. And though it wasn't amazing, it was good. Decent really, like a medium well burger you would get at someone's backyard BBQ. But those fries were great. Ditch the salad and get the fries, or you'll end up like my friend who ate my fries LOL!She liked her smoke salmon panini, but the counter made it hard to talk since it was crowded and bus boys kept clearing the table.Her panini came out in the shape of a heart which wowed her. See, I told you she was easy to please!We also had gelato, and it was served in a chilled glass which is a nice touch.The coffee gelato was strong, like eating espresso beans, but she said her salted caramel was excellent. For the price and the food, it was a nice find. Be prepared for a wait though if you're coming here for brunch like us. It's about 40 minutes once you put your name on the whiteboard.
Maria was the best, was headed to Plow( local hipster farm2table hotspot but came across the Chez first! Amazing b-fast and cute book shop accords the street. The Manager needs to chill and trust his competent and professional staff! Let them do their thing!
I think this is one of those times when my indifference slash aversion to cheese served me badly-- my husband and I ate here during our stay in SF, and I have to say, until the dessert, I couldn't really understand why people raved about this place. Note that the creme brulee is seriously kinda To Die For, we originally ordered it just for me but my husband couldn't keep from digging in. I took a picture or two-- after most of it was gone. It was that good.As for everything else we ordered, my husband really loved the crepe and the salad that he got. I was in a boring burger-only mood, and since the burger here gets good reviews, I decided to try it, only to find myself bored. Perhaps because I completely blanked on getting it with cheese, but even so, it was one of those burgers where the individual ingredients were good, were all well cooked, but failed to come together in a memorable way. The fries that came with the burger were great, but the aioli that everyone talks up just kind of felt forgettable, just sort of there. Service was great, if a little choppy-- the waitress went on break after all of our main food came out, and we waited a little longer than we would have liked to get our dessert orders in, and then get the check. There's a decent amount of seating, although probably not enough to guarantee you a table if you come by during their rush hours. All in all, I'd probably give them one more shot, if only for the creme brulee.
We were trying to find a good restaurant in the area as I had a day with my kids and we tripped on this restaurant. So glad we did. It's hard to imagine better service and better French food for a very fair price. The view out the window towards the city is beautiful, but the food and the service are unusually good. Two of my kids had never had escargot before and we're delighted with the beautiful presentation and the amazing sauce. A true success.I only wish I lived closer to this restaurant because I see myself coming back again and again. I had the Croque Monsieur and it was absolutely delightful. My daughter had the mussels and fries with which were very unique and savory. It's so nice to have a beautiful surprise like this when trying to find a restaurant to try in an area you're not familiar with. Hats off to the great staff and chefs in this very extraordinary restaurant.Five star for sure!
5/17/15: I think I would call this place "a heavily American influenced" French restaurant. You won't find no boeuf bourguignon here, but you will find various fish and pork chop, etc. And I do want to say up front that their staff is very kind and caring of your experience. That alone was worth an extra point, above what I would have given for average tasting fair...1. Escargot de bourgogne $9: So I have to be honest--this isn't something I eat often. Maybe once every few years. So I can't say my sample size or memory of the affairs is perfect, but I do think that this version is not great. I remember eating succulent flesh, buttery and melting in your mouth. This version tastes good but is somewhat on the chewier side, and just doesn't have that rich taste of my greater memories. The green stuff is unique, but not sure if the herbal qualities it imbues does anything good for the dish. 4.5/10.2. Chez maman "mac&cheese" $14: In the description it says "shaved truffles" and "truffle oil". You may look at my picture, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find any pieces of truffle in there, shaved or not. Now, yes, I realize for $14 you can't expect much of that treasured fairy-dust fungus, but if it says so in the description I do expect it within reason. I don't taste much truffle flavor either. Okay, forgetting truffle part, this thing tastes damn good, but in a very standard way. Lots of creamy cheese, Good mac noodles. Kids and adults would love this. But no matter how yummy it is, it just is kinda standard though very well made. Pretty typically American. 7/10.3. Warm chocolate fondant $7: Very similar to warm chocolate souffle. Nothing of any real note here. Center is melting and creamy. Tastes good, but pretty standard. 5.5/10.So, nothing really blew my mind here. All pretty standard. But, I did like eating here--the environment and staff are excellent! I would say come here for good food, not expecting anything particularly special, but come here ready to relax, drink some wine, and enjoy the rest of the night!#french #fusion #frenchfusion #macandcheese
Chez Maman is a solid restaurant about a ten-minute walk from work.---- ENTREES ----Frise Salad: 4 starsThis is a giant, filling, and delicious salad with poached egg and lardons in a red wine vinaigrette.Chicken Burger: 3 starsChicken Crepe: 3.5 starsPork Chop with Brussel Sprouts: 3.5 starsNot the best, but pretty goodReally want to come back for dinner sometime to try their tantalizing dessert menu: Chestnut cream Chantilly crepe, Cinnamon Pain Perdu...
After a light meal elsewhere we realllly craved a good burger & what do you know, Chez Maman was a minute away! We ended up orderig burgers to go because of the expected wait time but what a charming charming restaurant. Intimate and lovely and warm.The burgers even at home....oh my goodness, were amazing. Medium rare, fried egg, delicate greens, carmelized onions for starters. Can't wait to come back and dine in!!!!
I have been twice to this place, the first time I honestly don't remember what I ordered but it wasn't bad because I would've remembered. The second time I ordered a House burger with brie and the house salad. Great job on those burger, such juiciness, such quality. The ciabatta rolls are totally amazing and they go super good with it. The service was good, little waiting time even though the place was full and only 3 servers, which were totally rocking it. Also the day I went they played salsa music the whole time I was there and for me that's a plus, because thats my thing. Keep it up, you'll se more of me Chez Maman team!!!
This place BLEW MY SOCKS OFF!!! And my shoes, and my gloves, and my hat, and my jacket, my shirt, and my pants, and my underwear! That's A LOT to be impressed about!!!
Came here for lunch. It was absolutely delicious. Great service. Healthy portions and everything was perfect. Would definitely come back, especially for the Mussels.
I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars.Not a fan of the bread they give you with the meal - it's hard and cold.I got the eggs florentine - they were really good.Got fries on the side, the fries came out warm and crispy. The aioli that came with the fries though was lackluster - tasted like buttery mayonnaise.Had a latte to drink which was pretty good and the caramel almond gelato for dessert - delicious!
Came for the hamburger, loved the half roasted organic chicken. The burger was meh for me, not very flavorful patty/not much grilling, uninspired in general but good enough to eat. The half roasted chicken was excellent. Flavorful, went perfectly with the sides, very good. The truffle Mac and cheese was excellent also, my daughter enjoyed the escargot. They were a bit uncomfortable with the 6 kids we had with 3 parents, but rolled with the punches and took good care of us. Great area, great Restaurant
We dined here twice during our trip this week. The steaks were tender, the burgers hearty, and the mac and cheese divine (seriously... spend extra time on the treadmill beforehand so you can eat this!). Finished with a delightful apricot sorbet that packed surprising amount of flavor. The staff are outgoing and welcoming; they seem to actually enjoy their job and the interaction with their customers. I loved walking in the second time and being remembered and welcomed back like old regulars. It made it feel like I was home.
I've been to the past and the current location. I miss the cozy and hole-in-the-wall feel of the past space, but I appreciate that there's more seating now.I ordered a burger the first time I visited the cozier location and looooved that it was on ciabatta! I enjoyed being able to watch them make all the food right in front of us. The open kitchen concept worked well with the small space and provided some entertainment. :PI recently returned for some brunch with some friends, and we did not know they had switched locations. The old location was closed and we were so sad, only to realize the sign that said they only moved a few doors down. Quite a few parties were already waiting outside before they opened! We were seated quickly as we were part of the first wave of customers. This time I got two scrambled eggs with garlic roasted potatoes, chicken apple sausage and toast. Yummm, it was filling and surprisingly affordable.I miss the old space for the 'hidden' feeling I get when I enter, but I do like the more open and comfortable space on the corner. Happy to always come back for more yummy food, whether it be brunch or lunch!
Great little place! My husband was craving a big, juicy burger, and after a little searching we decided that Chez Maman was the spot to tackle this craving. It was their delicious-sounding list of appetizers that made the decision a cinch, in addition to, of course, the burgers!We were so excited to get our mouths around this menu that we didn't mind waiting close to an hour for a table on a Saturday night. Luckily the neighborhood is great for a stroll (what a view of the city from the corner!), and has a cute little bookstore across the street that we killed some time in. We could have been seated at the bar sooner, but with more than 2 people bars are hard to talk at (we were three), so we opted to wait for a table. The staff were super nice, and brought us the drink menu while we chilled outside. I got a decaf coffee, which came with steamed cream on the side - a nice touch! Most places will just give you cold cream.Anyway, onto the food. I loved that the menus were also the placemats. As usual, we ordered an absurd amount. But I'm glad we did; it was delicious. Here's what I sampled:APPETIZERS:0) COMPLIMENTARY BREAD: Nothing super special, but they were VERY generous with it. Good bread, good butter. A perfect addition to the rest of our dishes.1) ESCARGOT: This was actually my first time trying escargot, and they were great! I especially loved the sauce, and may or may not have sipped the remaining sauce from some/all of the empty shells... And dipped bread in it... ;-) 2) BEEF TARTAR: I love beef tartar, and this was super yummy. Probably the app I ate the most of. I loved the quail egg on top, and the proportion of bread to tartar served was perfect. Usually I'm not a fan of capers, because I find that they make dishes overly salty, but there was just the right amount of capers in this dish (and probably not a ton of other salt), and I actually thought they were perfect. I think this was the first time I've truly appreciated capers, rather than (at best) tolerating them, or (at worst) actively picking them out. Major points for that!3) BAKED CAMEMBERT WITH ROASTED GARLIC: I'm a sucker for roasted garlic, so as soon as I saw those two words I knew I was going to order this dish. It was pretty good, but I think the other two apps we got were actually better. I probably would have enjoyed this dish more if our garlic had been prepared a little better: the top was burnt, which made it hard to get the garlic out. But I just made a mess (totally disassembled the garlic head by hand) to get out the garlic, which was very yummy once extracted. MAIN DISHES:1) BASIC BURGER: We came here specifically for burgers, so obviously I got a burger. They have a great selection of toppings to choose from, which all sounded great (I wanted to get them all, but was worried that if I did I wouldn't be able to fit the darn thing in my mouth!). I ended up topping my burger with brie and bacon, in addition to the lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions, and garlic aioli that it comes with. I also added a scoop of mac and cheese (see below), hehe. Anyway, this was a seriously delicious burger! I loved that it came on a ciabatta roll, which was very yummy in addition to being weighty enough to stand up to my long and juicy list of toppings. I got a side of fries (which came with more aioli for dipping) - these were good (I loved that they were peppered!), but I didn't end up eating most of them because I was getting pretty full by then, and wanted to save at least a little room for dessert. I only have one slightly negative note about the burger: the other two in my party both got fried eggs on their burgers, and both the eggs were overcooked (yolk not fully runny). I suspect the eggs were perfectly cooked when they came off the fryer, but then when they put them on the hot burgers they overcooked. Oh well. Burgers were all still delicious! Definitely hit the spot and then some. 2) TRUFFLE OIL MAC AND CHEESE: We got an order of this to share for the table, because one never says no to truffle mac and cheese. It was great. Perfect crunch on top, just the right amount of truffle, didn't get weird and grainy/greasy when it cooled down like mac and cheese often does. As mentioned earlier, I added some to my burger, which I highly recommend! Soooo yummy. Mixed great with the brie.DESSERT:1) BANANA AND NUTELLA CREPE: Perfection. Exactly what a banana and Nutella crepe should be. 2) GELATO: They have a great selection of flavors on a big chalkboard above the kitchen - keep an eye out for those, because they're not listed on the menu! I got a scoop of the espresso flavor, which was wonderful (and was laced with some sort of delicious fudge/coffee ribbon), and I also tried some of my husband's Meyer lemon - also very good, lots of zest. These were served in these cute little metal goblet things, which I loved.Overall, a delicious meal. I left stuffed to my eyeballs and quite happy. Will definitely be back
Service and outdoor ambiance 5/5...our server was absolutely wonderful and ended our meal with a gratis sorbet. Felt like I was transported back to Paris with all the 'Bonsoir' and lovely French accents.Beef Burger (added bacon and over easy egg)...asked for medium and it came out very dry unfortunately. Basically resembled a hockey puck- and tasted like one too. I also thought frites were just okay. Ate half and brought the rest home...2/5.Baked Camembert...gooey and mouth-watering served with French bread crisps and a whole roasted garlic. Greens on the side. 4/5.Glass of Sancerre (Loire Valley)...absolutely wonderful, refreshing and tart on a warm SF evening...5/5.Prices are totally reasonable (about $25/pp) and a nice casual French place that I will definitely go back to try again (and avoid their burgers).
I hate giving bad reviews to well reviewed restaurants but this place didn't work for me. We ordered french onion soup, fries, a burger (forgot which one), mussels, and gelato. The fries were good but the aioli was way too fatty with no flavoring, like really soft unsalted butter. The side salad was also flavorless and drenched in olive oil. Mussels were decent. All I can say about the burger is that I took one bite and didn't feel like finishing it. Instead I filled up on fries and the french onion soup. The french onion soup saved the meal. One of the best I've had and it was oh so oogy and yummy. What also made the meal better was the gelato. I forgot about the horrors of my meal and ended happily eating my gelato.This place is so well reviewed maybe I ordered the wrong things? I'm down to come back and try something else.
Had a cozy dinner with a couple of friends at this cute restaurant. For appetizers, we ordered the baked camembert with garlic and it did not disappoint. Camembert was very creamy and the garlic complimented it very well.For the main course, I had the Veal which was very nicely done. It was very soft and had a layer of creamy sauce on top. One side note was that the sauce was a bit salty for my taste but very robust and flavorful. Overall, it was a great experience and definitely would come again!
Chez Maman was on my list for years and I finally made it! It did not disappoint. It's a cute little place with friendly service and fantastic French onion soup. I enjoyed my burger and my husband was happy with his smoked salmon omelette. Apricot gelato sealed the deal!
Delicious spot in SF! The burgers are great as well as the fries! We also tried to French onion soup and the mussels! Everything tasted great! I want to come back to try more things on the menu because everything sounded amazing!
Loved this place. Super friendly staff, menu has something for everyone, and the neighborhood vibe is very charming and inviting. Between 6 of us we got to try a good amount of items on the menu: ham and cheese crepe, mussels, steak tartare, roast chicken, and a simple salad- all were top notch, not one complaint. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a friendly neighborhood spot with a well executed bistro style menu. Have a glass of wine at the lovely Ruby Wine shop next door while you wait for your table!
One good thing about Halloween: the lines at popular restaurants are shorter. My party of 3 waited for 30 minutes, which is less than the usual 1-2 hours that most people report.To start, my party shared escargots and beef tartare. The beef tartare in particular was a hit, juicy cubes of beef with a quail egg cracked on top, scooped onto thin toasted baguette strips. The entrees were great too. My French onion soup was oh so cheesy, with croutons hiding underneath the generous layer of cheese, all soaked through with delicious onion soup. My friends had the veal and the pork chop, which they both enjoyed immensely.To end, we shared the chocolate fondant. It was warm, sweet, and the middle was perfectly gooey. What a great end to dinner!
Great french onion soup and crepes! The french onion soup is the perfect size and super cheesy (yas!). The prices are also very reasonable for quality and cuteness of the restaurant. The staff here is great, as well.
Food is just okay. I wouldn't say the food is terrible, but I just didn't think it was anything special. I had the mussels in a cream and white wine garlic broth. It lacked flavor. I prefer Anchor Oyster Bar in the Castro. My mom had the pork chop and it was really tough and dry. My friend had the chicken caesar and the chicken was burnt. The dessert crepe with berries & crme fraiche was the best dish of the night. It was really delicious because it wasn't too sweet or too tart.
Great service and great atmosphere. The burger was delish, as was the Camembert with garlic. The Shepard's Pie was more Swiss cheese than potato and beef. Would try again!!
This place is perfection!! Delicious food & superb service! We ordered steak tartare to start.. So yum and a good portion size. For our entrees, we had the Veal, and Mussels w/frites (Thai coconut sauce). Highly recommend the mussels- Thai coconut preparation was so flavorful and a perfect combo with the fries. For dessert we ordered sorbet - raspberry and lemon - a perfect way to top of the meal.It was also a pleasant surprise that @6:30pm on a Friday there was no wait!! So rare for good eats in SF!
Chez Maman is a staple in the Potrero neighborhood. C'est petit, however it's the perfect spot for a couple's night out. Nice and cozy, classic French cuisine and wine by the glass.I love sitting at the counter and watching the food being prepared in front of patrons. Though the guys make it look too easy, one will notice how much work goes into an order of mussels and frites. And how many pans it takes.Speaking of mussels and frites, you can't go wrong with any of the versions on this menu. I'm more of a garlic and white wine kinda gal, but I also tried the Thai version - both are worthy of slurping and dipping. Also, the burger is to die for! They get the cheese perfectly melty. Add an egg for safe measure.Dinner for two with wine runs about $50, standard for casual dining in SF. Not something I can eat every day, but it's a regular treat near home.
Great food and great service! It's even easy to park here in the residential areas, and parking is for free (both things pretty much unheard of in San Francisco). Sign up on the dry-erase board, and hang out near the restaurant because they don't give you a buzzer. It's much better to come here with just one other person. It's a small venue, so your wait will be much longer with a party of 3+.I got the croque-madame (similar to the croque monsieur, a grilled ham and cheese sandwich with bechamel sauce on top, but this has an an egg on top of all of that), and it was fantastic. Not greasy or oily, like I'm used to at other restaurants.The mousse au chocolat was enhanced with hazlenuts, making it taste a lot like a Ferrero Rocher. There are so many great choices on the menu. I don't think it's possible to make a wrong decision.
I wanted to love this place. I didn't.Hot chocolate? Just ok, was a little to thin/watery-tasting for my taste.Goat cheese salad? Aight. The goat cheese was crusted, but didn't taste creamy:/Tomato & garlic soup? Ok, not bad at all, just not epic....Brie & tomato panini. Dry, barely any tomato in it. So disappointing:(Nice waiter.My husband loved the food. He eats meat, maybe that was the difference?Won't be back.
Chez Maman is now #3 in my list of fav places to eat, after #1 Montesacro and #2 Mymy, both solid 5 stars. If I could, I would give Chez Maman 4.5 stars. Food: Delicious, though a bit too much salt in the Oeufs Cocotte with Prosciutto.First visit 9/9 for lunch: Beef Tartare (a carnivorous delight), Crepe Savoyarde (pickles made this), Apple Tarte Tatin (a work of art), accompanied by a glass of Bordeaux Blanc from Chateau Haut Rian (first time I could say a wine was buttery, very good!).First to-go order 9/11 for dinner: Salad Nioise with Tuna, requested medium-rare, excellent, fresh and heavy on the tuna. I turned down the offered complimentary bread.Second visit 9/12 for brunch: I had the Omelette with tomatoes, pesto & prosciutto and a side salad with vinaigrette, plus a Bloody Mary (strong, spicy and will wake you up without caffeine!). My fianc had Oeufs Cocottes with Prosciutto; deliciously rich and savory (I sampled some) but he thought too salty and I agree.Service: Top-notch from Greg at the bar on 9/9. Greg told me he just started a couple weeks ago, having worked in several high-end restaurants and while some of those had beautiful atmospheres, the food was so-so. Not here, he assured me. He was right. Decor: Charming with warm yellow walls, Art Deco prints, copper bar and pendant lights. Seating for 33 total: 9 at L-shaped counter, 12 at six 2-tops inside, 4 inside booth, plus 8 at four 2-tops outside under heat lamp.Minor things I would improve: * Install hooks under the bar for purses or bags.* Put in a platform under the sidewalk seating to even it out. Currently, the tables and chairs list downhill and it takes a while to get over the feeling that you will roll away, but the off-balance feeling goes away after a few minutes as your inner ear adjusts.Overall, a delightful spot in the city to enjoy French food and attentive service!
To be honest, I think I went here almost a decade ago but can't remember so we went back! It was quite worth the trip. This is a charming little French bistro that has a conventional bistro fare done exceptionally well. I started with the French onion soup and it may have been the best I've had, right up there with Absinthe. It alone can merit this 4-star rating: incredible flavor, could have eaten a pots worth. Also shared the warm goat cheese salad with arugula, cipollini onions, balsamic vinaigrette, it was so-so, good but not great.For my main, I had their legendary burger. It was very good but not as epic as I'd hoped. I had it with goat cheese and bacon and it didn't quite come together as well as I hoped. Service was terrific, welcoming and efficient. Would go back here to try some more of the menu items, it was a good experience overall.Pro tip: Go here early during the week, otherwise the lines are long. We waited for 30 mins and got there around 8pm on a Wed.
I don't think I could have gotten a better end to my San Francisco trip. This is the first place I'll be returning to when I'm back in SF.If the quality of the ingredients weren't good enough (they were), and the service also wasn't enough (it definitely was enough), then the atmosphere would have been enough to win you over. I don't think I've been to a better French caf: the steak frites, the salmon and the pork chops were all spectacular. If it was appropriate to cry at a restaurant, I probably would have.
Great food, I had the cheeseburger and crepes. Really delicious, I'm glad I tried this place. Service was great and attentive.
Food: amazing Wine selection: pretty greatService: mehAmbience: adorable Came here with my brother the other night because of the great reviews, and if you don't like crepes then you're a weirdo.We ordered the mushroom Swiss crepe and French onion soup to share. My brother ordered the salmon entree and I had the chicken panini. My brother had the raspberry sorbet for desert.The crepe was perfect and savory, with just the right amount of cheese to mushroom ratio, and the French onion soup? One of the best I've had.The salmon, according the my brother, was just okay, but he said he had better. My panini was fantastic! And the raspberry sorbet was homemade and very refreshing.The service is where they lost a star. We felt very rushed, and though attended to, still felt kind of condescending. Would come back for the food, but the service needs a little help.
I went there for brunch with some friends, here is my first experience at this place:1. The waiting was ridiculous. I understand we have to wait for the people before us, but it was half empty and nobody else was on the waiting list.2. When I mentioned it to the manager or person in charge. He was rude, he proceeded to ask me where I was coming from? I guess he meant to ask (where I am from? originally) and proceed to tell me that he was from Italy and that he has a house in North Beach. (Nobody cares) and he talked about his great experience in the business (nobody cares) Not only that... He try to tell me that I like to do things may way and bla bla...and to describe me as a person. (Nobody cares) 3. The service was ok. They took the order wrong twice. 4. The food was ok, nothing extraordinary really, so many places in SF where you can find better food and definitely better service from the manager. But the dessert was awesome! That's why I'm giving 1 star.Overall..,We end up waiting 25 min before the manager sit us down and because they took the order wrong we end up waiting close to 40 min for my friend to eat his brunch.Not to mention that his racist behavior and lack of manners kind a ruin my appetite.C'mon is brunch! And seriously? Racist in SF? And seriously your are not born here either.So for this NO! I don't recommend this place. You can definitely have a great brunch in other places in SF specially in Potrero area. And YES! It is because of you manager. You ruined my first experience in this restaurant. And NO You are not clever, not funny or anything even close to that.I'll never come back to the restaurant and please don't waste your money or time here. "Unless you are Italian like the manager"
Amazing food, great wine. Bar-style seating, small but perfect for a lunch date (: Even got a complimentary champagne for my birthday. Their burger was perfectly medium rare, juicy & flavorful. I loved their sizzling camembert app!Oh & their creme brulee, by far one of the most authentic ones I've ever tried. Not too liquidy, not too thick. Perfect consistency that will send you on a little bliss, sends you to Paris and back with each bite.
$32 for eggs benedict, huevos rancheros, and an orangina. This place seems to get all the overflow from Plow and the wait time is only 20 minutes.I had severe diarrhea after eating here.
In stead of demolishing his food my boyfriend actually slowed down to enjoy it. That is the best review I could possibly give. Wish I would have had room for the desserts!
I have mixed emotions.The moule is out of this world. Better than you would find on France. The veal was also excellent. The sea bass was tiny and flavorless. The mango that surrounds it tastes like a sauce off a Rubios salsa bar.The veal was also nice.Our waiter was pushy with dessert but friendly nonetheless. I would complain about the woman who is the hostess. With two of us, she wouldn't seat me at a table until my date arrived because she said "this is not a drinks restaurant, we are a dinner restaurant" and proceeded to tell me that if I wanted to eat alone she would seat me. And when I said I wanted to order a drink and an appetizer while I waited she said no.An attitude like that doesn't belong in a restaurant.I'd eat there again but would prefer to not deal with the hosting staff.
interior is good, service is good, the dish took some time to get ready, food tastes good, I will be back.
I love this place. It's 2 blocks away from my house and I've gone many times and had great food and great service every time. Sadly it gets a little packed on evenings and you can't make reservations so prepare to be on the waiting list for a bit.
One of our favorite French cafe to go to when i feel like mussels & fries. My husband had the escargot for his appetizer and the special for the night filet mignon which he enjoyed. He did have to ask for another cup of coffee due to it not being hot. But the host came out with a hot fresh cup right away. We had the creme brulee for dessert which was very good but it was cold on the bottom and warm on the top from the burned sugar crust. Just little things that bothered me but the food was good. Service was good.
Ordered:Baked Camembert VealFettuccine CrepeMousseEverything ordered was delicious, authentic French cuisine and a great place to go when trying to get away from the touristy restaurants in the city. Cute location, nice quiet neighborhood. Owner is friendly and attentive.Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a good French meal.
A cozy neighborhood restaurant with locations on Potrero Hill and Hayes Valley. No reservations. We came for the burger but want to come back for the Onion Soup and Les Moules Provencale (Mussels).Food Picks:Basic Hamburger ($12) with Cheddar ($1.50) with fries. Tomatoes, onions & aioli on a ciabatta roll. This is what we came for, their legendary burger. Definitely satisfying. Tall fluffy top bun, good sized patty cooked to our desired medium rare. Interesting that the greens were coated with a vinagrette yet meant to top the meat..Not cheap but worth ordering for sure. Fries are thinly cut french style crisp ones.Just OK:NoneWould not reorder:NoneOverall - Very GoodFood - Very GoodDecor - Very GoodService - Very GoodValue - GoodWould we come back - Yes
Chez Maman is a cute and cozy restaurant serving French cuisine. I've only been here for brunch and there has never been a wait and tons of parking in the area. If you are here for brunch I would recommend getting the burger. It may not be the best burger in the city, but it's pretty solid. The meat is well season and cooked perfectly. My only complaint is the bread to meat ratio, there's just a tad too much ciabatta. I came here again this past weekend and got the Eggs Norwegian with smoked salmon Benedict. The eggs were perfectly poached and their hollandaise is rich and creamy.
DELICIOUS! And great service. Every bite tasted better than the last I ate here with my family about three years ago and when my boyfriend told me to choose a place for valentines dinner, I remembered the great dining experience I had here. The second time around did not disappoint at all. Great food with a great staff and great prices.
I have to amend this review to a poor two stars for the new location! Burger is now HORRIBLE. Completely overcooked and the service is haphazard and rushed. Only good thing is the nutella crepes, but even then, it was just ok. A shame to see this place go downhill after the move up the hill.--------I adore Chez Maman. It is my favorite burger in SF. And as if that wasn't enough, I always manage to have room left over for a sweet Nutella crepe. It can get busy and crowded, but it is worth the wait.
I work with mostly French people and they all recommend that I try Chez Maman. Oo la la! It is a regular lunch destination for me and my foodie friend. This week, the restaurant moved to the former Chez Papa location on the corner - the new location is brighter, bigger, and fancier! But the food remains delicious!If you only can get ONE item from Chez Maman, get the mussels...any one of their preparation varieties. We love all of the four varieties. I love so many things on their menu - pastas, the pork chop with the delicious brussel sprouts with the delicious apple cider vinegar sauce, the steak frites...I could go on and on...I have to laugh because my friend and I have been going there for a year and we finally introduced ourselves to the manager. That suave Frenchman kissed my hand and said, "enchante". ooh la la!
We went here when trying to find a happy medium between Berkeley and the peninsula. It was moderately priced (1 app, entree, dessert, and drink per person was ~$40!) and pretty solid food. The melted camembert was to die for with the roasted garlic added, but the warm goat cheese salad definitely left something to be desired. The endive salad was good! Desserts were absolutely the highlight and they've got a pretty good wine selection. All in all, was a good dinner.
such a neighborhood gem!its THE place to go for a no foofoo pretentious french foodlove love the escargot with butter and the moules friteswhenever i miss french food, we just have to come here and we feel at home again
I ordered the flat iron steak and fries. It was excellent! The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and the fries were good too.
This place has been on my list for a while, so I was happy when I finally was able to wrangle a group together for a nice lunch. I came for the famous burger, and was not disappointed! If the weather is right (which in Potrero Hill it usually is), I would recommend the outdoor seating. There is a nice little peek of the skyline that pairs well with ros! The wine list is quite extensive, which is always exciting. The fries were perfectly thin and crispy. The burger which is a large and satisfying size, is surprisingly really light. I think part of it was the bun, which is a really soft ciabatta. And the cheese was melted so that it was stringy when you took a bite. Amazing. I also got a scoop of their Meyer lemon sorbet, which was SO FRESH. The service was very attentive and friendly. It came out to be $50 per person between four people including tip for four burgers, nine glasses of wine, and three desserts. So, it's not the place to go if you're on a budget, but it is a delightful (there is no other word for it) experience!
Excellent place! Owner had such a cute puppy in a truck outside and if you wanna play with it.... Well go ahead! Because it's no problem. Food was outstanding, great mustaches on waiters. Authentic French cuisine. If I were to describe this place in 2 words they would be " oui oui" . Man doing the door was spectacular.. Kudos to you and your puppy.
Delicious food and super friendly service. Prices were decent too. Visited on a Sunday night, would love to come back and have wine on a Saturday next time.I'd appreciate cold ice water rather than the lukewarm setup.
had my first date here with my boyfriend last night and it was amazing! I got the salmon dish, and it was beautifully presented and tasted AMAZING. Just be ready for a long wait time during dinner hours, we waited about an hour for our table, but it was so worth it.
We came for brunch. I had a latte and the chicken sausage omelette. and my boyfriend had the complte crepe and coffee.The crepe was good, the coffee was mediocre, but when my omelette came out it was missing the chicken sausage. When I pointed it out, he took my whole plate to make me a new one (I just wanted the sausage on the side). When it came back out, the omelette was runny because it had been so hastily prepared. So, not great but not awful either. May have just been an off day for them.
I've been to this place a few times and I absolutely love this place the food the service and the new location is wonderful! I highly recommend this place, you gotta try everything on the menu.
4.5 stars.Chez Maman is a cute little French restaurant in the heart of Potrero. It has a great authentic ambiance, but that also means that it is really tiny. There's 10 seats at the counter, two small tables that seat two each, and then two more small tables outdoors. On a Sunday night, a wait for three was about 30 minutes and that's on the good side. If you are a big group, you will not fit here. I highly recommend sitting at the counter if you can, because you get to watch the food being cooked and prepared.The food is delicious. Everything being whipped up was drool-worthy. They have a pretty wide range of entrees: crepes, paninis, entrees, mussels, and burgers. The standout dishes from purely looks that I'll have to try next time: fettucini carbonara, mushroom crepe, and creme brulee.I had the basic burger with tomato, lettuce, caramelized onions and added avocado and egg. The burger comes on ciabatta, which is the perfect bread to support the juicy burger. The actual patty is a really nice flavored beef patty with some things inside (parsley?). It's not too salty- it may even have been a little under-salted, but the other ingredients like the aioli helped with that. The salad that came with my burger was surprisingly perfectly tossed and really good. Other good things:- Fries- thin and perfectly crisp on the outside- Complte crepe with ham, gruyere, and egg on a wheat crepe- made me fall in love with gruyere all over again- Baked camembert appetizer- toasted bread with hot melted camembert and a roasted garlic clove, I love garlic so this was obviously really goodKeep in mind that service is pretty slow. There is only one waiter and two chefs/cooks running the whole place. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because our waiter was pretty sassy/snarky, but I'm not sure if he was being funny and friendly or he was annoyed with us. As my friend put it, it just gets awkward when it's so "ambiguous."
Be ready to spend some cash, ordered a ros for the lady! Very good food and relaxed atmosphere.
I really liked this place, great food, but I am really upset because I just saw my statment and they charged me 4 dollars more than I authorized as tip. It isn't much but I didn't like the attitude.
Good french food at a reasonable prize (a rare thing). Everyone pushed the burger. I thought the overall compilation of the burger had a good flavor (added mushrooms, brie and an egg) but the meat patty was too thin.
if you are looking to find a great french restaurant this is the place to go. I ate here on a recent trip to San Francisco and the food...well, cest magnifique! I had the Croque Madam with a quail egg, the beef tartar, and a latte. The flavors were incredible and the ambiance very cute with cafe style decor. This is one that you shouldn't miss if your in San Fran.
Awesome little find on Hayes!  We were planning to go across the street to another establishment but this place just drew us in. Everything is European and quaint - even a French guy (owner maybe) to authenticate the experience!!!
Food is great!! Restaurant overall is A plus. Just four stars because of the rude host.
Should I get the fries or a salad. "Would a blind man like to see? Of course you should get the fries" was the response to my question about the menu.  I am not quite sure what that means... But it was an excellent recommendation!
Bravo!Trs dlicieux!:: Service +:: Wine List +:: French Onion Soup +:: Crepe Savoyarde +:: Hachis Parmentier +:: Steak Frites +:: Chestnut Crepe +Always a HOME RUN when we eat here. Have been for lunch and dinner. Have had to wait to be seated at lunch, but they are swift and know how to get people in and out of this tiny little French gem-of-a-restarant.LOVE.
Great food, awesome service :) I had the basic hamburger with egg and it was delicious, and the fries, oh my gosh, the fries are some of the best ones that I've ever had. Coffee delicious and hot chocolate a bit too sweet, My hubby had the croque madame which was good too. The place is small but cozy.
Incredible food. Excellent service. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a meal this much. Loved everything we ordered:Onion soup. Escargot. Mussels. Entrecte. Creep Suzette. All amazing!
Ah, yet another burger review. Just like burgers, you can never have quite enough P:Chez Maman is a petite French restaurant with a smattering of indoor tables, a smattering of bar seating (from which you can watch the cooks create your food, which is very entertaining), and a smattering of outdoor seating. Write yo' name down on their whiteboard, and wait to be seated.Chez Maman's brunch menu features a variety of egg dishes, huevos rancheros, paninis, crepes, salads, and an entre option of a flat iron steak. Oh, and who could forget the most important menu item--the burger. At a base price of $11, with $1.50 for each add-on, your burger (basic, chicken, fish, or vegetarian at $0.50 less) gets pretty pricey. Nonetheless, Chez Maman creates a unique take on the classic burger in all aspects: the meat patty, the bun, and the toppings.My friend and I ordered 2 dishes, the first being a 3-egg OMELETTE containing tomatoes, pesto, and prosciutto with a side of salad for $12 (yelp.com/biz_photos/chez). We witnessed the birth of a large, fluffy egg pillow both encasing and topped by a salsa-esque filling of sauted tomatoes and prosciutto lightly seasoned with pesto. The saltiness of the prosciutto wasn't too overwhelming, though it wouldn't have hurt to have had more pesto. Also, the dressing on their mixed greens salad is pretty dang good. All in all, thumbs up for the omelette.We shared the BASIC BURGER, $11, with add-ons of brie and avocado at $1.50 each, which also comes with a side of salad or fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/chez). Other add-ons include goat cheese, cheddar, Roquefort, bacon, egg, and Swiss. What's wonderful is that you can ask for burger to be split, and they'll serve the halves to you on 2 separate plates.Aite, time to break done the burger.Meat: This isn't your fat, juicy hunk of ground beef. The patty is large but thin and is laced with spices such as cumin seeds and parsley (?). I was impressed by the fact that the cook was able to get the patty to medium-rare, and intrigued by the taste-bud-trickery delivered by the spices.Bun: It's not actually a burger bun. It's a ciabatta bun. It's soft, toasty, and pairs well with the seasoned patty.Toppings: Make sure you have at least one in your burger, because it would be quite a sad creature without anything else in it. They were very generous with the toppings, piling on a gorgeous ooey-gooey glop of brie and a quarter of a huge avocado. The melted brie is BRILLIANT, though it overshadowed the avocado. I could get it sans avocado next time.But, there wouldn't really be a next time. The omelettes are solid, and the Chez Maman burger is uniquely tasty. Yet, would I ever crave it? No.
With so many highly rated reviews, I thought Chez Maman would live up to those expectations, but unfortunately it did not... Let me start off by saying that the service was awesome! Our waiter was friendly and helped us out. The service was not the issue here.// FOOD //After reading some of the reviews, I decided to try the basic burger with avocado and the French onion soup.French onion soup: Delicious! The soup had just the right amount of salt and flavor. The soup was light, but the cheese added a nice salty depth of flavor. It came with the right amount of onions in it and the bread was also very good. A must try!Basic burger with avocado: The burger itself was pretty bland to me. The quality of meat was good, but the flavor just lacked. They serve it with fries and aioli. I even added ketchup and the aioli to the burger and it still lacked flavor for me. Maybe I got the wrong protein in the burger or maybe I did not put on the correct toppings, but I was quite disappointed. Overall, the service and the French onion soup was great, but the burger lacked flavor and that is the reason why I'm only giving 3 stars.
Alright. So, everyone was super excited - i was less than impressed. First off, a tough place to come in groups - they put us in a super awkward corner table right in the window. I would not recommend it, but the place is small, so there aren't lots of options. The service was also a bit snooty regarding our larger group. The food was alright - we had a bunch of crepes, and weren't super impressed. Perhaps we ordered the wrong thing??
Chez Maman is cozy and endearing, just like eating at your mom's kitchen. Specializing in traditional French lunch foods, it's a counterpart to Chez Papa which serves fancier dinner-type French cuisine. Since it's small, there can be a bit of wait if you come during peak hours on weekends. Most likely you will end up sitting at the bar, which is a fun experience reminiscent of sitting at the breakfast bar watching your mom cook. (Actually I never personally had that experience, but that's what I imagine when looking at kitchen setups at Ikea). It's interesting to watch their culinary finesse in adding pinches and slabs of various ingredients--like a European, authentic, and far less version of Benihana. If you come on a hot day though, be warned that it gets quite toasty facing the kitchen area. Croque Veggie with egg ($11): I thought I was being savvy in knowing what a croque monsieur is, fashionably health-conscious in choosing something vegetarian, and all in all a connoisseur in ordering something that was not widely known on Yelp. It was good, but not amazing. A mon avis, it had too much bread; it essentially looked like two slices of Asian thick toast. The rich cheese partially compensated all the carbiness, but the few pieces of onions and red bell peppers were not flavorful enough to make up for the ham from the original Croque Monsieur. The egg was one of the highlights, especially with the runny yolk that melted into the bread. It combines the wonderful liquid yolkiness of poached eggs with the crispy thin whites of fried eggs. I liked the salad; the mixed greens were fresh and the dressing was tangy but light.Crepe Complte with Ham, gruyre & egg, served with salad ($11): I tried a bite of my friend's order (a more traditional choice than mine). The wheat crepe went very well with the thick smoky cheese and ham; however it was quite filling because the cheese was so heavy. Also, the salad only consisted of a small serving of arugula over the crepe.I enjoyed my meal here despite my minor complaints; I think next time instead of pretending to be healthy and different in getting the Croque Veggie, I will hop on the Basic Burger bandwagon. Bon apptit P:
The best French onion soup outside of Paris. They have a larger location now -- a counter + 4-5 tables. Open from 11:30 am to 10pm I think. My lunch gal said she wished they had pate. Yep. That'd be seriously good.But the soup is worth it. Seriously.
I love love love Chez Maman! We go here at least twice a week. AT LEAST! we live in the neighborhood and feel blessed to have Chez Maman among the restaurants to choose from. I do not lie, everything is amazing on the menu! The French Onion Soup is to die for, perfect for lunch or a starter if your hungry. It's the best I've ever had in SF hands down. The burgers-amazing. Cooked to perfection. The salads, all good. My fav, the Caesar. Love fresh anchovies. My newest fav meal is the steak. Seriously freaking delicious mouth watering yummyness! There is so much more to say but I'm on my way to pick up chicken burgers with Brie and bacon and their awesome fries! Just saying folks. If you haven't been- GO!
Came in at night towards closing. We were seated quickly and given exceptional service. The food was delicious and melt-in-your-mouth. I had the Grilled Salmon and Bf had the Half Roasted Chicken. We both totally recommended these dishes! Also try the gelato!! It's so rich in flavor! Will definitely return if I am in the area and would recommend to anyone!
Chez Maman translates roughly to Mom's house. Well, if this is what and how Mom is serving food at home, I'm voluntarily moving to the orphanage.Service was by turns harried, rushed, rude, and spaced out.The hostess completely forgot us for an hour and never offered to compensate us in any way. We had to flag down a waiter to order after being left for a good ten to fifteen minutes with no greeting at all from our server. We ordered our entrees and when I asked about beverages, the waiter hurriedly pointed to a spot on the menu, and before I could order, very abruptly turned on his heel and almost sprinted away. When he returned quite a bit later, I was no longer interested. The food once it arrived, was a combination of bland, greasy, and over-salted. Mealy, over-cooked chicken and brussel sprouts undercooked inside, burned on the outside, and slathered in grease. Mashed potatoes listed as garlic mashed were lumpy and flavorless.Maman est une mauvaise htesse;   Mais pire encore, ne peut pas et ne doit pas cuisiner!
After eating at the Hayes Valley location, I decided to try this location since it had more reviews and a higher rating. Came here on a Monday afternoon around 3 pm. No line at all and there were only 2 other parties dining in. This location is very small. Two outdoor tables for 2 and 2 indoor tables for 2 and bar seating. Maybe like 15 people max. A few people did come in to order take out. We sat at the bar which was nice cause we could watch the cooks make our food and others' orders.I ordered their French Onion Soup again, never disappoints. And their mussels but this time i tried their poulette sauce. Those mussels hit the spot AGAIN for me. The sauce was very flavorful and they give plenty of it, so grab that complimentary bread and let it soak up that delicious bacon white wine cream sauce. The mussels were super juicy and they give you a lot of them. Again, I couldn't finish this on my own. The bf had the basic burger with roquefort. He likes blue cheese so he really enjoyed the roquefort on his burger. It was served on ciabatta bread that was toasted. Yummm if you like ciabatta. The burger was juicy and not overcooked. I had to take a bite to try it even though I was stuffed from the soup and mussels. The burger comes with fries or salad, of course I made him order fries. Delicious.Service was average. The server must not have been having a good day. No greeting or smile when we walked in. But his service was very timely, we got our water right away and our food came out pretty quickly too. He cleared my shell plate when he noticed it was getting full and replaced it with a new empty plate.Not sure if I will wait in line to eat here again because the turnover can be quite slow especially with the limited seating. But I'll definitely dine here when it's not busy or when I'm craving mussels. I do want to try their crepes too.
As I reminisce about the Chez Mama of the past... sitting at the food bar, having a drink in the winter with the warm grill in my face, enjoying great food, I'm a little saddened that it's gone. Now, I haven't been to the new location, which used to be the larger brother, Chez Papa, but I'm sure everything is the same--just not the charming little place that I knew for so long. I'll embrace the change but with fond memories of the old.
Theme of the night: creamy and cheesy. Everything was warm and delicious :) Except the bread and butter. Neither were warm, but they were still tasty. I split three things with my dinner partner:-French onion soup: Perfect combination of sweet and savory! Probably one of the better French onion soups I've ever tasted. -Hachis Parmentier: Basically a shepherd's pie with a lot of cheese on top. It came out piping hot and burned my mouth, so watch out. Still... it was worth it! We couldn't finish it, so we took the leftovers to go.-Fettucini with creamy white wine sauce & mushrooms: So creamy! The mushrooms made the dish quite sweet. I was surprised that such a simple dish could be sooo delicious.The French guy is definitely brusque, but he seems to mean well and is a very efficient, quick worker. We sat at the end of the bar in the back of the restaurant, so didn't have any issues with food splattering; however, the guy did tuck all the tips away in plain view as well as leave random things in front of us (like wine glasses), but it wasn't really a big deal to me. We got there at 7PM on a Friday and amazingly, there was no wait! As soon as my dinner comprade put his name on the white board outside the front door, the French guy ushered us in! However, on the way out, there was a wait of about 5 or 6 names. Chez Papa a couple of doors closed down over the weekend, so I'm sad I didn't get to try it. If Chez Maman was any indication, I'm sure Chez Papa would have been delicious. Please re-open!
I am in love with this place. I've been here twice now- once for brunch and the other time for lunch. I honestly thought they were only good for brunch food but I was completely wrong. I recently went and had their lunch menu and it was off the hook.For brunch- you can't go wrong with their egg benedicts, but their French onion soup is a must. It can be a bit heavy for me, but if I share half with someone, I'm able to satisfy my craving.Lunch- I tried their burger and the meat was cooked to perfection. Just amazingly yummy. I also love their garlic sauted mussels and their fettuccini carbonara. The fettuccini pasta dish was incredible!!!!! Usually I don't like eating white base pasta sauces, but this was definitely an exception. The sauce wasn't too thick or heavy. The raw egg that gets cracked on top of the pasta completes it.The only downside is the space. If you're trying to grab lunch with a group of friends, this is not the place to go. I highly recommend trying this place out...it's worth the wait :)
I have been here twice and the experiences have both been great. On top of that, it has twice been busy with people of all different types who all look to be having a wonderful time. So in my experience I have seen over a 100 people come in and out, and they were all smiling. Here is why: Quality: there are great options on the meal top to bottom. Starting with drinks and moving to desserts, great items include their ginger beer and authentic lemonade, wine list, mussels, French onion soup, goat cheese salad, salmon panini, burgers, pork chop, Apple tart a tan, crepes, etc. etc. etc. !! I'm sure I forgot some items that I ate off of friends plates, but everything is really good. My favorites included the French onion soup, pork chop, and Nutella crepe (ask for chantilly on the side!) Onion soup- amazing. Best I've ever had?! I think so. Perfect crusty cheese on top, bread swimming in a lazy river of onion broth happiness. Pork chop- great char, seasoning, and texture on top a bed of vegetables; another well made dish. Nutella crepe- a French women leaned over our table and said, "as good as I remember from home." With Nutella and some chantilly, it is heaven. It is clear the owner and staff work hard to provide an enjoyable experience. Come have one for yourself! Bon apptit!
At first glance, I thought this was a bistro mainly good for lunch, as the restaurant largely just houses a bar with two tables inside, two outside. But wow did I have a fantastic dinner! My friend and I decided to share the melted Camembert with roasted garlic, French onion soup, sizzling escargot, and veal with white wine cream sauce and mushrooms. Oh! And did I just see something on fire?! Yes, I'll have that too! Turned out to be the orange butter crepe for dessert. And our waiter had such an intense accent, we couldn't always understand him, but it sure added to the atmosphere! I'll be back with a date next time! What an adorable restaurant!
Ok I gave you 2 stars for 2 reasons...1 you had warm indoor seating when it was raining out, and 2 because it was clean inside.So recently just a few days ago while it was raining outside I decided to take my mom to a late lunch around 315p. The restaurant was not full at all and so we walked in and the staff said "hi 2? Sit anywhere" So naturally we did. Well obviously they didn't really mean sit anywhere as we proceeded to sit in the booth clearly for 4-6 ppl but we figured since nobody was really there and it was an off time that it would be ok. Well the lady that created us I must say was very nice bit than the short waiter clearly was having a temper tantrum cause we sat there. He proceeded to give her a hard time that he would have to clean the entire table and that there was only two of us and why are we sitting there?! Giving nasty faces and basically just throwing a fit. So the lady than came to us to tell us that we would have to move if a group of people came in. So I laughed and said sure we would move. Well the hour and a half that we were there nobody bit one couple came in. The food came which to my surprise it took so long ..again nobody was there except a couple at the bar that shared a salad and another couple that just finished and were paying. The food presentation was amazing. The food taste eh, nothing to write home about. It lacked seasoning on some things and than an odd season in other items. Well our rude waiter never came back and so a different guy came by to give us our check and ask if we wanted dessert. He was incredibly nice and jolly. But sadly I cant say that I will ever be back. TIP FOR THE STAFF: Next time don't tell people to sit anywhere if you really don't want them to sit anywhere and don't argue about the customer in front of the customer!
Everything was super delicious, from the tartare to the salted smoked salmon crepes, to the sweet nutella and banana crepes dessert! Red wine was awesome and the staff is very friendly! Loved it
I like Paris.... I Love French foods! This is the simple fare that is done very well! The French onion soup is the best here and the bread for the croque Messieur is much better than the Gough street branch. Burgers are to die for!
Chez Maman's food was great! Really enjoyed the Fish Burger with grilled salmon. We also had the Half Organic Roasted Chicken with garlic which was excellent. The service here was a bit slow but the food here was overall a very satisfying experience. Looking forward to coming back for breakfast next time!
Brought me back to Paris! The moules-frites were scrumptious!! Highly recommend for anyone who wants a taste of France right here in SF!
Eh, something was missing, but the decent service and our experience still get my ultimate rating rounded up to 3 stars from 2.5. Several months back, when we met a friend over here for brunch over mimosas, I ordered a Smoked Salmon Crepe. The salmon itself was good, but something texture-wise about the crepe itself tasted a bit different -- atypical ingredients for "homestyle" crepe. Far too much lettuce, in my opinion, too -- overpowered the salmon.Despite that, we all still enjoyed our local brunch meetup in the Potrero Hill area for a good 90 minutes. Our conversations still pleasantly thrived, and thus, this review shall end on a good note. Bound to better dishes to try, too.
Chez Maman is my dream. I went here for the first time for dinner on a Thursday night. It's a small hole in the wall, so try to come early if you can or you'll be waiting for awhile. I had the Baked Camembert with roasted garlic and toast points, Les Moules Poulette-shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley, and the Pork Chopwith brussels sprouts & apple cider mustard sauce. Everything was SO delicious. The amount of mussels was over the top! The only thing I would change about it would be to make the serving bowl more shallow so they mussels can soak into the wonderful sauce longer. The pork chop was seasoned just right, and it was so tender. I loved the brussel sprouts because they were cooked soft, but not falling apart. That night, I was still dreaming about the mussels. I need to come back to try their desserts! Thank you Chez Maman :)
Tried the chicken burger and chicken panini. They taste pretty good. I have had better definitely. The warm goat cheese salad is really good. Service, ambience and location is excellent. The mimosas are pretty expensive.
Update!!!Been coming here for years and can never get sick of it. I'm a monthly regular!!! Introduced this spot my circle of people.. Been here with friends, been here many and countless times and continue to come here as often as possible. I think I've had at least half their (main) menu already!!!THE SUMMARY.- Les Moules (Thai): bomb. My usual. - Fries: bomb. My usual. - Burgers: bomb. Very tasty. - Beef TarTar: bomb. Hearty. - French Onion Soup: bomb. Thick and heavy. - PorkChop: bomb. Juicy goodness.- Steak: bomb. Buttery goodness. - Veal: bomb. But I'm not too much of a fan of veal. Coming to the original spot has always been my thing. Everybody can go to Hayes Valley location!!! I love this place and how it's tiny and away from the noise of the city. Will I be back? Once a month treat ;)JABA APPROVED... Until the next review!!
Such a great find! I had moules frites, poulette style and it was really great. Also shared the mac n cheese as an appetizer and creme brulee for dessert. The menu has so many options, it's hard to choose just one plate! I will be back and I highly recommend this restaurant!
Good news: Service was really great and fast and there wasn't a long wait.Bad news: my mom and I both got food poisoning from the crepes. Happy Mother's Day! :(
My girlfriend and I went here a while ago and we both really liked it. I thought the food was excellent with authentic French cuisine, at least as far as I could tell. Definitely plan on making a stop here again in the future. The only bad thing is that it can get very warm inside because it is a small hole-in-the-wall (which also means very limited seating) and the cooking is done behind the counter (think of a bar setup). Still highly recommend this eatery.
YES! This place is legit French tasting! Best moules mariniere (mussels) I've had in the US, with delicious French fries. Also, delicious Crepe suzette. And delicious steak au poivre , and croque monsieur, and macaroni and cheese, and hashi parmentier..................
Loved it. We had a perfect Valentine day brunch. Reasonably fast to get in and customer service and food were top notch. Can't wait to go back and try some of their other items.
Don't suggest the fries with the mussels if you're just gonna give me some stale ass French fries. Thanks for printing the recommendation sign on the menu, next time I'll re-think ordering it, NOT. 3 stars for the cute waitress who was nice and got slammed in the middle of our lunch while her manager decided to take the rest of the staff on a meeting. Mussels were ok, my boyfriend's rotisserie chicken, decent. Oh well.
Visiting customer in South SF and wanted a decent meal without going into heart of SF before headed to SFO for red eye. Yelp found me this cool neighborhood and eats. Lots of people touting burger, but probably cuz cheap and neighborhood restaurant. I saw all kind of meals come out around me- all looked good, but REALLY happy I ordered the previously un-photo'd pork chop (w/side of frites). Despite lots of superior reviews of fry aioli, I only found it average. BUT, trust me .... Order pork chop, side of fries, and use mustard sauce with chop for your fries .... YUM
Amazing service & hospitality! The guys running the place are so sweet. The arugula goat cheese salad was a much larger portion than I was expecting, which I was very appreciate of. Prices are totally reasonable & i will definitely be coming back. This is by far one of my favorite dinner spots in SF.
I ordered the fish (salmon) burger with fries. Everything was super bland!The salmon had a nice cook to it, but no flavor at all. The bread for the burger was also super hard, making it extremely difficult to chew at all. And as much as I love fries, I couldn't even scarf half of them down, even after adding salt and pepper to them myself. Boyfriend ordered the basic burger with avocado and bacon. He noticed how miserable I was so he offered me a slice of bacon, and that's when I realized that there was absolutely nothing wrong with my taste buds at all. Didn't try the burger, but he finished it, so it must have been good.
Not that this place needs more amazing reviews, but here is another. Service: 5 stars, food: 5 stars, atmosphere: 5 stars. Go to Paris in SF. I didn't want to leave! A straight honest menu with tasty food and great drinks. We sat outside with the city skyline as our view. We had the baked camenbare, mussels, flat iron steak and my first ever crepe Suzette! It was perfect and we left so happy about everything. We can't wait to go back.
Great crepes, try Savoyarde you will love it!!! Excellent place for the brunch!!! Mimosas are great as well. Won't be disappointed:))
Get their burger!!! YUMMMM :) Their ciabatta bun is perfect and the garlic aioli on the side is addicting. I also tried their prosciutto, tomato, and pesto omelet- very flavorful :)This place is TINYYYYY so be prepared to wait. It's worth it though!Street parking is free.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon after watching a football game at a bar in Potrero Hill. Looked at my Yelp and saw that this place was close by. Its a cute little French restaurant all the way up a hill, a little sweaty on a hot day. But it was worth it. It was pretty busy but lucked out and got a seat outside on a small table near the entrance. The hostess was extremely pleasant I believe she was the owner. Our waitress met with us right away and she was extremely pleasant and funny, very attentive. I ordered a burger with fries with a mimosa that was absolutely delicious, the mimosa was small but packed a punch. My boyfriend had two beers and breakfast combo: toast, eggs and bacon and he was pretty full afterwards. Food was absolutely delicious and fresh. Bill came out to around $50 which I found to be quite affordable. Would definitely recommend and would go again. Super charming French restaurant in the city, I really liked it :)
I'm having conflicted views of this restaurant so I'm splitting it up in two ways:1 ) The food: The food was great. The French Onion Soup was on point. Steaming hot cheese, a slice of bread and flavorful broth was everything I could ask for. I got the fish burger (salmon). It was a piece of salmon on grilled ciabatta with a side of fries. My husband got the lamb which was two skewers with veggies and a side of couscous. Everything was great.2 ) Now here is the bad. The restaurant it small, so you're sitting in the kitchen, bar style. Usually that's awesome because you get to see the chef's in action. Here, you get to see all the gross stuff they do. I watched the two cooks in front of my make my food. Again I got the Salmon Burger and added Avocado. One cook must have been new, because he couldn't read the ticket. I never got my avocado. The other cook kept coming by to tell him what it was. He kept spilling things and wiping the counter with a dirty cloth. When it came time to plate, he used to the same gross cloth to wipe the plate. He spilled some of my fries, no problem, just scooped it back up and put it on the plate. Then, after plating my salmon burger, he picked it up with his hands and put it in a to go box. The other cook came by yelling something (not in English) and he opened up the box and put it back on the plate. Also I could see the back kitchen which was anything but clean and could see another cook cut up a slab of salmon, only wearing one glove and touching other things with the ungloved hand including the Salmon. It was just a disgusting sight which made my question the food.
Liked this little cozy bistro very much. For the last couple of visits, I was lucky not to wait in line and got a table right away. My fav is mussel with fries.
This review is not for the food, but for the lack of service. We waited for nearly 45 minutes for our food to come out. Our server didn't stop by to check on us for 35 minutes before he realized that he didn't put in our order. The couple next to us sat for 15 minutes without water or acknowledgement from the waiter. Granted, we were sitting outside but that should not be an excuse.
I came here with my cousin and his wife when I was in town for business. O.M.G. We fell in love. FIrst, they let us drink a bottle of wine outside while waiting for a table. This not only made the time waiting fly by faster and stopped my cousin from complaining about waiting in line for a place, but was super smart business sense--we were far less likely to go elsewhere since we had already bought a bottle! Now. The food. Oh man. We ordered the escargot and the camembert for appetizers. Both were excellent. The entrees were hit or miss. THe lamb was fine, the striped sea bass was not good, but the fetuccine was DIVINE. The true stars were the gelatos. I will dream about that lemon sorbet and espresso gelato for a while. Mmmm.
Strolled in for a leisurely glass of wine outside and didn't leave until almost 3 hrs. later! After perusing the menu & being charmed by Scott, our afternoon server, we cancelled our other nearby dinner reservation & just hung out to savor, sample, & people-watch. Amazing restaurant (almost like being in a french cafe), fantastic menu, delicious food, & outstanding service. Tried the Beef Tartare, Les Moules (mussels) Mariniere, Grilled salmon, Endive Salad, and Carmelized Apple Tart for dessert. Everything was superb...plan to go back for the crepes, baked camembert, and burgers. There's truly something for everyone here. Nice wine list. A must visit when in the neighborhood. One of our new favorites in the City.
I fucks wit they food. I went in on a Friday night and the atmosphere was cool. Food was delicious. I think I have a crush on Andrea, the hostess. Will be coming back.
one of my fave neighborhood spots!!!I do miss the old comfy location tho.Breakfast: Ive tried it all and I have narrowed it down to the salmon and goat cheese cocettes and a side of fries.Dinner: Burger w/ brie, the thai mussels, or steak and frites are my go to.
Great location for brunch or a relaxing dinner. I only had brunch there but I liked the crepes and the service was very efficient and the waiters polite and pleasant! The wait for a table was just 5 minutes and the bench right in front of the restaurant made it easy.I will return for dinner...
This place is super small (probably holds around 15 people max), but thankfully there was no wait when we went during dinner on a weekend!French Onion Soup ($6): Really good! A lot of French onion soups I've had are extremely salty but this had the perfect amount of salt and flavor. And who doesn't love all that cheese on top? Yummm.Grilled Salmon Burger ($11): The fish was cooked well and I really liked the ciabatta bread it was on. All burgers come with fries or salad, tomatoes, and onions. Only downside is that you have to pay additional $1.50 for each topping you get (Cheese, Avocado, Bacon, Egg). I got my salmon burger with cheddar cheese and avocado and thought it was a good mix!Service was also great and the waiter would frequently check up on us to refill our water and bread basket. Overall, I thought it was a great restaurant if you are craving a casual French place!
Do you remember that one time when summer came to a close and school just started? It was the first day of school and you took a seat. You look across the classroom and saw a classmate... and within that split millisecond of a moment the title 'classmate' became the title 'secret crush'. You're sitting at home trying to concentrate on your homework but somehow your 'secret crush' keeps your mind fully occupied. All the possibilities of being together runs through your mind. When your heart finally stops racing thinking about all the wonderful intimate things the 2 of you could share together, logic kicks in. What is it about my 'secret crush' that makes me tingle all over? What's this weird attraction? I mean, 'secret crush' isn't even hot compared to all the others but I can't deny the fact that I'm helplessly attracted. 'Secret crush' seems so normal but something draws me all the way in... Is that even possible? Isn't that like being addicted to a drug I've never had? What is going on?!?!So between Chez Maman and I, that's sums up how I felt today. I went to grab a panini today and thought to myself... Those paninis are so good I keep coming back for them. As I was making my way over there, the logical side of me somehow took over by asking a simple question.'What's so good about Chez Maman panini? Think back... think hard. Why do you keep coming back?'I really gave it a good moment of thought. That Merquez panini that I order so often made with lamb sausages, gruyere, and aioli upgraded with fresh avocado and an egg in between that warm pressed beautiful bite of a bread, pulling me deeper into it each and every time I feel that perfect grilled crisp right before I hit that fluffiness, into all that savoriness within. My mouth salivates at the thought of it. I get that same feeling every freakin time without fail once I bite into the panini. Thinking about it, nothing particularly special pops into mind about their panini. I try and still can't think of anything too special about it. Just regular ingredients put together and grilled, but I can't deny that there is something different about Chez Maman compared to many other panini joints out there. It feels different.I responded to Logic,'Ok Logic... Let's put this to the test. Maybe it's just the Merquez that gets us. Let's try a different panini today.'So today I picked up the prosciutto brie tomato with pesto and of course had the upgrade with avocado. I ordered to go... so for the entire drive that it was sitting on the passenger side, I was so anxious to put my hands on it. Felt like that first date with my very first crush... young, inexperienced, heart racing, overloaded on 'what ifs' and 'should I's', just itching to hold her hand but don't know how to get my hand to move. Yes, that's exactly how I felt during the entire drive.The time finally came. The moment of truth. That first bite. A different panini. What does the future hold for me and this new panini? And it happened... that same familiar crisp as I bit into the warm fluffy bread, while that mild creamy brie and soft ripe avocado seemed to effortlessly harmonize with the savory flavors of the prosciutto and pesto. It struck the perfect chord. Fireworks. Once again there was nothing that looked particularly special or fancy about this panini but that spark of love was real.I feel 17 years younger just writing this post. It brought back plenty of high school memories. Thank you Chez Maman.Chez Maman is as John W. Gardner would have put it, "Excellence is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well."
Not feeling the hype surrounding this place. If anything, go here for the salad. I got the one with goat cheese - the balsamic dressing is amazing. The veggie crepe was rather disappointing. Maybe I didn't like the buckwheat. Just go for the salad.
Tasty comforting French food prepared right in front of you, excellent service and reasonably priced in a hole in the wall with no more than 20 seats! Ordered the burger with avocado, egg and Brie cheese and the escargot- delicious! Was able to make it back early within my 1hour lunch, but wish I had more time to try their dessert crepes. Merci beaucoup!
Cute French bistro. The mussels are the best thing on the menu, IMO. On my most recent trip here, the bf and I shared:* French onion soup - $6Beautiful golden-brown melted layer of cheese. Pretty standard.* Mussels Mariniere (white wine, lemon, parsley, butter) - $15I want to know where Chez Maman sources their seafood, because mussels I buy are never this large, and "juicy sweeeet" (imagine Gollum singing that). I personally prefer creamier sauces to thin white sauces, but we were trying to be healthy and avoided the 3 creamier options on the menu. Generous on the minced garlic. Beware of garlic breath after eating.* Veggie crepe (ratatouille, gruyere) - $11I wouldn't order this again. The crepe was dry, and the filling of mushrooms, zucchini, and red pepper was boring .The salad on top was good though, with a dressing that tasted strongly of olives.There is usually a bit of a crowd outside. I personally don't think many places are worth a long wait, so I would only come here if I happen to see an empty table.
Goat cheese salad!!!! Omg! I have been wanting to try this place for a long time but hadn't gotten to it yet! This restaurant is truly incredible! I love the decor and outdoor seating! Service is great but food WOW!!! Literally everything I have had so far is amazing and I ordered it to go! I will be going back very soon and eating there this time! Yum yum!
Delicious spot. We wrote our names on the white board and hit up the spot next door for wine tasting. Once we were seated we ordered a beer, wine, French onion soup, and the salad with deep fried goat cheese. I've never had authentic French soup and it was nice and cheesy and chunky. Not watery at all. Lots of caramel used onions and bread. I had the mahi mahi entree and loved the mango salsa on the side and sauted spinach. My lady had a burger with goat cheese with fries. I finished the last few bites for her and it was very tasty. We ordered a dessert crepe to go but she ate it for lunch the next day so I'm not sure how it tasted. I'll come here again. The layout is very narrow and similar to a breakfast spot but I love watching them maneuver and cook the food in front of you.
Did not pick up for reservations, when I arrived were very rude about waiting times. The food was mediocre, and the service was sub par.
Amazing food. The Steak Tartare and the French Onion Soup were out of this world. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.
This place is fantastic!! Had the burger on aioli with brie and the 1884 French beer and it was to die for. The ingredients for the burger were top notch and the beer went down smoothly. The atmosphere is cozy and it's great for a date or with a group. Very highly recommended.
I love this place. It's one of my go to spots in sf. The guy running the place is so french and has a great personality. He never lets you not order a beer and i think made me get another before i signed the check. I'm a big fan of the moules with the french onion soup and a burger. The panino is good and so are the crepes if you're into something more basic.
The burger was delicious! But the servers were too anxious to clear our plates away and rush us out from our table to be able to seat newcomers. I get that it's a small place and you want to keep the flow of customers coming in and out, but it felt way too rushed and very non-French in that way. c'est la vie nowadays!hrmph
Although I work super close to this place, I've never gone in. Its usually very crowded and when I'm hungry, I need to eat within 10 minutes or I will crash. Got here around 6:15 on a Tuesday night - sat outside under the warmers. Staff was TOP NOTCH - we never waited too long for anything, the waiters were sweet and funny...and the FOOD was amazing! I had the Pork and Brussels Sprouts plus the best fries ever. We also had a bottle of Rose Bubbbly. Not crazy expensive - perfect for a great night out.
Love this place! Their food is consistently delicious and never disappoints. Every time time I eat here, I always get the mussels. For $15, you get a big pot/bowl of mussels and it tastes so flavorful and fresh. The broth doesn't mask the taste of the mussels, but instead it perfectly compliments the sweet seafood flavor. I usually stick with the classic flavor (Mariniere - mussels in garlic, white wine, parsley, lemon juice) but just recently I got the Poulette (mussels in rich creamy white wine, shallots, parsley, and bacon broth) and it was so good! Might be my new favorite/go-to dish. I am craving it as we speak. Dip some of the free French bread they provide in the broth that your mussels come in- it's delicious. The boyfriend always gets their basic burger (add Brie) with a side of fries and he says it's the best burger he's ever had (the fries are tasty too).Only con is this place is quite tiny- so it can get filled quickly and you might have to wait a while to be seated if you're coming on a Friday or weekends. On the weekdays it's not crowded thankfully. Overall, service is great, food is great- you really can't go wrong with that combination!
It was date night and I could tell that Mr. Dubs could hardly contain his own excitement about where he's taking me. Upon walking up to the restaurant, I was surprised by how teeny Chez Maman is. It's literally just bar seating plus one table for four inside and two small tables for two outside. We put our names on the board and ventured next door for some wine tasting. I expected for a long wait but it was shorter than expected. Between the two of us, we ordered quite a bit of food. -French Onion Soup: SO GOOD! I'm a big fan of French onion soups and I've had many tries at different places but this is by far the best I've ever had. - Mussels: We went with the Provencale and I loved it. Mr. Dubs said that the Thai tastes better but I was very content with the Provencale. - Two burgers: I'm not usually much of a burger person but I was so impressed with this burger that I devoured the entire thing.This date night took place about 4 days after I had my braces put on and the food was so good that I ate through the pain. In fact, this was the first actual meal I had since I had my braces on and it was pretty damn good. Chez Maman doesn't take any reservations, so I highly recommend coming early and don't wait till you're absolutely famished because there will likely be a wait.
food between good to average. Service is very good
Waited about one hour to get the seat of two for my friends and I, a party of three. Space is very limited. Food was good though. We ordered French onion soup and escargot as appetizers, three main courses: nicoise salad, pork chop, and les moules, and finished the meal with mouse chocolate cake. A good selection of food and friendly staff.
TLDR: parents beware, owner either hates parents or children or both. Long version: Wed at noon I attempt to go to lunch with another mommy friend. I have my child in a carrier in front, my friend has a toddler so we are three plus some. There is a 4-top, a 2-top and bar seats open inside, and two 2-tops open outside. No one waiting so we walk right in, and request a table and highchair. The man who greets us (owner or manager I think) points us to the 2-top right next to the door, and wedges highchair literally between the doorway and the table. I don't know about other kids, but this toddler has legs that need space, not to mention table space so she could eat. On the other side of the same table there is about a 5 in. opening to scoot to the other seat. Even if my baby wasn't strapped to me I would have had trouble getting inside. My friend and I look at each other. Then very nicely ask if we can have a 4-top because 1) a kid is a person and 2) we would have ordered food for her. With no sign of actual regret, the same man swiftly takes away the highchair and says no, we cannot give you another table because we are going to be busy. I look around me, behind me, out on the corner... no one is waiting. I tend to stay away from peak eating out times because I try to empathize with the restaurant, but this is just obnoxious. Needless to say I won't be going back, nor will I be going to Papito, which is owned by the same person. The only reason It's even getting one star is because I've been going about once a week over the last few months and the other staff have been kind.
Yummy food! Basic burger is amazing with goat cheese and avocado, and the French fries are addicting. So much food for an amazing price. The service is excellent as well. Such a gem of a restaurant!
Chez Maman is a great restaurant with a charming and inviting ambiance. There is often a wait, however it moves quickly and you can grab a drink while you wait. The food has been consistently good and you can't go wrong with the burger or the mussels (I like the provencale and Thai). If you have room the dessert crepes are pretty delicious as well!
Came here for dinner and man, there's a line out the door. . . good sign! Thinking the place is small but the food must be killer in there and Chez Maman did not disappoint. French onion soup was sooo good on a cold night. Mac and Cheese with truffle oil was so comforting, delicious. I had the chicken burger on ciabatta bread, also had the salmon burger and both were well cooked, seasoned well. Ordered the French fries with aioli and what a great condiment! Finished off the meal with a berry and creme fraiche crepe-warm, tart, sweet, it was fantastic! Thanks for the great meal and, yes, the wait was worth it!
LOVE. THIS. PLACE.Yes, it's a bit small and yes, you are going to wait. But, it'll be worth it in the end.When thinking of a nice, quiet, possibly romantic dinner to go in Potrero, this was the first place to come to mind. It's noisy and cramped and just - perfect. It's also quite possibly the best salmon I've ever had. On top of that, they also make wonderful, amazing, right before your eyes crepes that are just amazing. Tip: Put your name on the waitlist and have a glass at Ruby Wine next door. They'll come and find you if you write Ruby Wine next to your name :)
I would of given this 0 stars if possible!The food was tasteless and bland and the restaurant was cramped and crowded. The food was not worth $15.00 a dish! The portions are decent, but pretty much nothing good besides that. It will also give you massive stomach aches that ruin your day!
Had dinner here with a friend. We got lamb and salmon...the salmon was good, but the lamb was absolutely outstanding. Best I've ever had! We will definitely be back.
Definitely whole in the wall. Totally worth the hype. Crazy long wait so be prepared. The food is awesome ad totally worth the wait.
2 Stars for the service only, The manager, the bar tender and the servers did a great job keeping the diners accommodated, food quality is not very good though, The basic burger looked horrible lacking ingredients and it didn't taste good, the patty had a weird flavor. 15$ was not worth it
New location updated menu. Some classics still here and taste the same. But service got worse.Got our orders wrongPut us in poor seats for our group
Why does a little French Bistro tucked away in Potrero Hill have one of the best burgers in the City? Who cares?? Just go .... Get the fried egg on top. And don't forget the fries with the aioli dip .... If the rest of the menu is anything like the burger, you'll be back for that too. And last but not least .... the service is great!
Really good french restaurant in San Francisco. Their crepes are real french version. I did not try the menu, but it looked not expensive, and the choices were typically french ! Can't wait to go back and get a full dinner !
Excellent service, cozy atmosphere, delicious food. Best fish burger I've had to date.
Sunday lunch with my besties. I didn't realize how small the place was until entering. It looks deceivingly large from the outside. But after entering, you see the long bar with the kitchen to the side of it. Now I understand why there is always a wait. Being after 1:30pm, we were able to grab 3 seats at the bar without waiting. I ordered the burger with a fried egg.  All the reviews are right on about the burger. It was juicy and cooked perfectly.  The fried egg added the extra gooeyness that a cheese would provide. As we were leaving, we noticed the large amount of people waiting to be seated. This being after 2:30pm. How odd at this time. Oh well, at least we didn't have to wait.
Meh. I've had great meals (and moules) here before, but food and service were both underwhelming today. Merguez sausage was gamey and the rest of l'oriental crepe didn't add or balance much. If the waiter had bothered coming back to the table once between ordering and check drop, I would have ordered another dish. The garlic potatoes were good, so we're the greens. I will come back and try again, this was a rare fluke and I will update or post a new review.
My cousins and I were trying to find a spot that was open late and Yelp led us here. Super cute hole-in-the wall spot. Only about 8 bar stools and 2 small tables inside. We waited about 30 minutes before three of us were seated for a late night meal.French Onion Soup $6 and was probably the best onion soup Ive had. Oh, the warm goodness of the onions underneath the melted cheesiness and bread - I could not get enough of it.Tried beef tartare for the first time and Chez Maman has made me a fan. Perfectly spiced it made me forget that I was eating raw beef. Tried escargot for the first time too! I had a little difficulty using the contraption that is used to extract the snail from the shell but once I got the hang of it there was no stopping me. The snails reminded me of a clam texture - not bad. I even sipped the juices out of the shell - classy! For my main meal I ordered the Basic Burger and the flavors were not Basic at all. Moist beef patty cooked just the way ordered nestled inside a ciabatta "bun", topped with BRIE and bacon. With all the food I had at that point, I had to save the other half for the next day - and let me tell you.. leftovers were just as good!Bill came out to about $90 for the three of us. Service was quick. I highly recommend this spot!
It was an experiment of sorts as we ordered based on (1) Yelp's Review Highlights (2) what the owner guy recommended and (3) what we damn well pleased. Usually the internet wins but it was a little different at Chez Maman.- Internet says: the baked Camembert thing. It was enjoyable but too bland, ok subtle,for our tastes. - Handsome owner dude says: the mussels with frites and aioli. (Ok the internet said mussels too.) Winner! Dipping the frites in BOTH the aioli and the mussel sauce was money.- What we felt like: beef tartare. That was delicious, and only $8. Salmon: good, but not life changing. Drinks: expensive and good.Somehow after tax and tip we were $100 poorer. Maman burgers next time?Power tip: came here late on a Sunday (9pm) and there was no wait.
My first time at the new location last night and loved it. The food (as always) is phenomenal and at reasonable prices too. Les Moules Poulette (mussels) are out of this world. So is the French Onion Soup. I see a review below saying the service was poor, but that was not my experience at all; quite the contrary, we were attended with ideal courtesy & frequency. Can't wait to go back. Frites + mayonnaiseMoules PoulettesTruffle Oil Mac & CheeseCreme Brle -----------------the bill came to $45
We came there in a Sunday at 5:45 and waited about an hour for a table for 3. They were pretty popular so we expected a wait for a table. Once seated and ordered, we waited for almost another hour for food. We saw three other tables who ordered after us including a family of 5 receive their food before. The waiter saw me staring at the kitchen for our food and noticed the kitchen may not have received our order. He came and said our food would be up soon and that was it. Waited for another 15 mins for them to get our food out. By now it was 8pm w a toddler on a Sunday. Anyways, ordered a burger which they won awards for and it was bland. I thought I'd enjoy it more given I was starved. Waiter gave us dessert on the house but my experience was already ruined.Chez Papa however we love.
Your parents are visiting from the 'burbs. You want to take them to a nice dinner, but not a total SF foodie fusion restaurant that will intimidate the crap out of them. Take them to Chez Maman.It's basically a bar. There's like *A* table by the window aside from bar seating. This means you're going to wait an hour on a Friday night because they don't take reservations, but it's well worth it! Go wine tasting next door. They'll give you free cheese. We started with the baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points ($8) because everyone said it was a must-order. It was pretty darn good. Simple though. Melted cheese in a little dish with a clove of roasted garlic on the side.Sitting at the bar, you get to watch them cook everything, which is really fun. Watching them, I reallllllly wish we ordered the muscles and the French onion soup. Get those if you come here, they look out of this world.I ordered the basic burger ($11) with an egg (+$1.50) and melted roquefort cheese (+$1.50). It was just okay. The meat had a strange taste to it. It almost didn't taste like beef.My mom's veal with creamy white wine sauce & mushrooms ($17) was insanely good. INSANELY GOOD. Get the veal, guys. Woman-up and eat a baby cow.I got a lot of praise for picking Chez Maman. It's the perfect dining experience. Small, intimate, and simple- yet serving rich food. Bisous!
This place has absolutely incredible food!* The atmosphere here is quite loud due it's family-friendliness. The decoration is French and lovely.* The staff is wonderful! Hilarious, helpful, earnestly helpful....they made eating here even more enjoyable.* The food is incredible. I mean it. This isn't a place you go to and eat "good" food. It's not good. It's fantastic. I had a panini that made me salivate. A panini. Usually they're too dry/too crunchy/to flavourless. No, this panini (prosciutto and tomato with other ruff) was beautiful in both taste and looks - it was shaped in a heart! On the side was a salad with a tasty vinaigrette that wasn't so strong that it left a vinegar-y taste in your mouth. It was a well-balanced topping, which apparently other restaurants find too difficult to achieve. Then....DESSERT. OhMyGoodnessGraciousMe this stuff was fantastic. We had an orange butter crepe and a cinnamon perda (sp?) thingamabob. The crepe had sugar on it and candied orange slices, but the crepe itself was a treat. It was fluffy and light, like a true French crepe. The perda was what REALLY blew me away. I'd come here just for that. It had was basically a French toast with real maple syrup - not that fake corn syrup crap - great berries, and it was partially caramelised (my favourite part). I wouldn't go so far as to say it's exactly a French toast, but that's what it looked like. Point is, this place was amazing and go here.
The food was okay, the service was horrible. Asked for coffee 3 times before getting it, and refills were just as hard to find. One waiter was very rude, the other waiter was really friendly, but was too busy to help us, meanwhile unfriendly waiter just stood there. Food was okay, fries were amazing, coffee was bad.
The 5-star review club is a shortlist in my book, so hear ye hear ye!Drove up from Fremont for our weekend food adventure. It was around 8 on a Saturday night, and the closest parking I found was halfway up the hill around the block (2 min walk).Wife says they don't take reservations--there was one guy in front of us. The owner (I presume--the French guy with the Roman numerals tat) said it'd be about 10 minutes. It ended up being 15-20 minutes--no biggie. It's way smaller than I expected--essentially a long saloon-style bar, two cramped tables inside, and one outside.When we were seated, as is my custom, I asked the guy, "Okay, what are the top three or four dishes that you absolutely must try when you come here?" He then took me on a tour of the menu and listed about 20 things. I said thanks and restated, "What about those 3 or 4 things?" He said the following, which we ordered:- Baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points- Les Moules (mussels), tomato concassee, basil, garlic & bell peppers- Burger with Brie, egg, avocado, tomato, caramelized onions & aioli, fries and saladMy take on the Baked camembert:Absolutely groundbreaking, especially considering I wasn't excited about the dish. These little toast points were buried in this vase of melted camembert like swords in the stone. Next to it was an entire bulb of roasted garlic with the top chopped off. You were supposed to pull out the toast points, spread the melted camembert on top, and then use a knife to dig out the roasted garlic cloves to spread on top (yes, they were soft and buttery). We were both flabbergasted.My take on the mussels:Painfully fresh and flavorful in the shell, and the tomato and bell pepper sauce was definitely pro-made. I don't even care for bell peppers generally, but this made them more than acceptable. Buttery broth at the bottom. Maybe a tad salty, but not to a fault.My take on the burger:Upon my first bite, I turned to the wife and admitted, "Of all the burgers I've tried throughout my life, I've finally found a burger that is superior to the burgers you make." She graciously conceded. That runny, egg yolky goodness dribbled all over the soft French bun, and the Brie, oh that sensuous Brie, how it complimented the meaty flesh and creamy avocado. I curse myself for not realizing until it was half consumed that the caramelized onions on the plate belonged on the burger. Never have I tasted onions that were so mild, so buttery and sweet. And I've neglected to mention the aioli sauce, which was liberally applied to the burger as well as used to dip the fries in--it is divine among the sauces--with garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, and egg yolks all working in harmony, what more could one ask for?For dessert, he recommended the Nutella & banana crepe. I should've chosen this, but the meal was so rich that I wanted something lighter and fruitier, so we went with the Berries & crme fraiche crepe.My take on the crepe:It was a little warmer than I'd expected--filled with and covered by reduced blackberries, raspberries, & strawberries, and the slightly tart crme fraiche. Not as cool and refreshing as I had hoped, but this didn't prevent me from appreciating its beauty.All in all:Come here, order what I ordered, thank me later.
We were visiting from New York and decided to hit this place up. We heard it had great burgers and we were not disappointed. We got there & saw bunch of people waiting outside but we sent the heck with it and went in. We were immediately greeted by who we can only assume was the manager or owner. He asked us how many and we told him two and he sat us down at the table right by the door immediately. We ordered two burgers cooked to order and they came out to our table within 5 minutes. The burgers were cooked exactly as requested and my mushroom swiss and my mother's cheddar burger were both wrapped in a tasty brioche bun. The fries were seasoned and tasty and the service was quick and efficient. I highly recommend this place to anybody wanting to get a very tasty burger at an affordable price with great service.
This was one of the most incredible disappointments I can remember at a supposedly high quality San Francisco bistro. We came a week after my partner had major surgery to celebrate her recovery. She had seen their photos of their food online on Facebook. The food was good but the service was appalling. The wait staff was completely uptight, making you feel you were bothering them to get seated, order, and wonder if you should ask where the food was? We noticed our food (appetizers, entrees, drinks) took 20 minutes when the neighboring table who sat down after us (whose order was taken first) were finished eating before our food even arrived. They are not cheap. But they sure are arrogant and do not make any effort to create a comfortable or welcoming dining experience.
Let's just say I live in Arizona and the first place I want to eat in San Fran is THIS place. It's a gem of a restaurant. This vibe is great as well as the food.
Oh my goodness this was an amazing meal! I ordered the pork chop, my friends had the burger and we shared the creme brle at the end. I've never had such a delicious pork chop in my entire life - no joke. It was tender, juicy, and flavorful. The sauce was ridiculous! My friend said the burger was better than sex, so I'm guessing that's pretty good too. And of course the creme brle was delish. Last but not least, everyone that worked there was absolutely lovely. I can't wait to come here again and try something else.
Me like a lot. Those mussels are to die for. The roasted garlic is also amazing. Tucked away in Potrero, this place is perfect when you're craving something late night and don't want to deal with a messy parking situation.I've heard the burger is also amazing but man, those mussels......
Can I upgrade to 6 stars?! They don't just serve food here, they serve heaven on a plate! Simply awesome! Chicken crepe is uniquely prepared, delicious! Basic burger is great with Roquefort cheese. Fries and Aoli to help the experience be perfect!
Delicious croque Monsieur! Paired nicely with a glass of Sancerre. Service is also excellent and if you go at the right time it's fun to grab a seat at the bar. My boyfriend had the burger which he thought was fantastic.
First of all, the noise level is very high. Second, the croque monsieu I ordered was not very good. The bread was rubbery and the ham tasted stale.I was very disappointed.
I got some food to go and shared the basic burger. I was sold on that one because it was basic and I am pretty much a basic bitch. I added avocado and an egg with my medium burger. You can choose a salad or fries for your side and obvs I got the fries. The fries were a bit salty but definitely hit the spot. The burger was quite oily and the meat was flavorless. I dont know why but a lot of those gourmet burger places never quite cook the meat with enough flavor. I devoured it because I was hungry but it was definitely not jam packed with flavor. Humph. The fries saved the day though.
The mushroom crepe was far too greasy and the burger tasted like parsley speckled with some meat drenched in mayo. Definitely not coming back.
I'd never been to Dogpatch before and boy am I glad I got to try French food here.Lovin': 1. When is the last time you saw the chefs make your food right before your eyes? I saw my potatoes thrown onto a pan on top of hot fire! 2. If you're looking to take yo girl/man on a date, bring her here to this cozy French bistro. This cannot be a better place for an intimate conversation. 3. My crepe was surprising with every bite. I didn't even know what my ingredients were but there couldn't be a better savory combo. Only thing I disliked was the stuffiness inside the tiny restaurant. Well, but, the smaller the restaurant, the better your conversation, right? Try it. You won't regret it.
Lazing your day away in cafes is one of the best things about Europe that is really hard to replicate in the US. This spot does it perfectly, and transports you to an old world feeling, with hip, fresh, delicious food. It's quaint, small, intimate. The waiters are decidedly French, and whisk you through their menu. It's perfect.My sister and I went for a late lunch last Saturday, and everything hit the spot. We had mimosas, which were a nice mix of champagne and OJ, and definitely not watered down. For lunch I had the savoyard crepe, and it was delicious. The crepe batter was darker - maybe buckwheat or something a little heartier than flour. It was crispy on the outside, but still warm and fluffy after slicing into it. The flavors were on point, and when paired with their special mustard, each bite was heaven. My sis went for the burger, which was perfectly cooked on a "giant crouton" bun, which was way better than any american bread can do. You get your choice of cheese or add on, and everything is wonderful.New fave brunch spot in the city! Can't wait to come back!
Bright and colorful little French Bistro in Potrero Hill. The french onion soup is killer & what they are known for. Garlic mashed potatoes were a huge hit, as was the Complete' crepe. Goat cheese arugula salad was a nice mix with sauted onions & vinaigrette. Gonna be the new weekly hangout! Worth the uphill walk.
This place was wonderful. With outdoor seating it's a great spot to take your pup with you to eat. Perfect for brunch, lunch or appetizers. They have a lovely wine menu and some very authentic French cuisine! They are always busy so it's better to go late morning or early afternoon!
Hands-down, this is one of the most amazing burgers I have ever had in my life. It may very well be one of the best burgers in San Francisco.
One of the best spots for burgers and mussels!!! They give a large amount for mussels, almost like a all you can eat Buffett. Excellent service! Highly recommend! Can't go with a large group because the place is super small. But perfect spot for a cute date or weekend spot :D
I went with my father, who happens to be the pickiest eater in this solar system. The waiters were all French and extremely outgoing. I was in the mood for something lighter than the usual French fare, so I ordered the Mix Salad. I don't know what was in it, but it was like crack! How did they make it so delicious? I was extremely happy and my father had not a single complaint. Well done, Chez Maman!
I only give it four stars because that is as good as it gets - I save the fifth star for something which really blew me away....So as the City gets more and more restaurants with fancy names, fancy menus and even fancier prices but who usually do almost same thing it is refreshing to find a restaurant with good tasting food, fresh looking on the plate and reasonably priced...I had the baked camembert - good and interesting - but, for me at least, the star was the vegetarian crepe. I really liked it...and, oh, service is very good! Not only are they courteous and efficient but I noticed that they don't shy away to give good recommendations, based on whatever preferences the patrons have and tell them.So, yes, I will be back - a bit out of the way for me but worthwhile a visit now and then - wish they were in my neighborhood....
I love love the food here. I'm so glad that they have moved to this new location. Even though I loved their old hole-in-a wall feel, I have to say I'm in love with the new ambiance, makes me feel like I'm sitting in a bistro in Paris. As for the customer service, it's always friendly & top notch! And nothing can describe how tasty the foods are. I'm literally obsessed with their beef tartare and mushroom fettuccine. But pretty much any other dishes that I've tried here, like the sea bass, steak, ahi Nioise salad are out of this world amazing. This gem is definitely my most favorite spot. Can't wait to come back again and again
Craved some good mussels! these would do. nice clean spot . friendly service not too pricey. Great date night!
UBER tiny place. But its very intimate and great for a date. There is a few tables outside or you can sit on the counter of the kitchen. Personally, this is a preference. Try their mussels. THEY ARE AMAZING.
Great driving through dog patch and Potrero hill brought for the is gem of a place on a sunny afternoon. Took the outdoor seatting. Service was very friendly and prompt. Food was delicious! We ordered the soup of the day (roasted tomatoes) and the French onion soup. Both hit the spot! The goat cheese salad was sublime, we also got the endives and pear salad but the cheese in it is quite potent if you like it.The salmon pain and the chicken crepe with egg were both deserving a reorder soon. Enjoy!
This spot was cool breakfast great atmosphere good food and good service. Cool date spot or a place enjoy your self.
I do not agree with the 4.5 stars this place has. I will preface this review by saying we did not get the burger nor did we wait too long in line.The restaurant has been on my bookmarks for quite some time now, a lot of of my yelp friends had checked in and I was recommended to this place by a close friend as well. We made our way to Chez Maman East (apparently there's two) bc it had more yelp reviews which translate to me better food and the 'original' Got here at 630 Tuesday night. I called 30 mins before and the waiter had told me no wait but that's okay, we only waited outside for 15 mins or so. Why did we have to wait outside, you ask? Well.... bc the restaurant is TINYYYY (the opposite of my all caps.) being tiny is fine since it's supposed to resemble a French bistro. We sat down and got some super dry stale bread with not flavored butter.We ordered their famous cheese and garlic appetizer and I almost had an ashram attack eating the garlic bc it was so raw and I LOVE GARLIC!!! 8 dollars for some molten cheese and a head of garlic = I shoulda gotten a chipotle bowl.Bf got the veal with cream of mushrooms and it was exactly as it's described. Two hard pieces of veal (not cooked very well) with some cream of mushroom (tasted canned minus the peppers) with some actually delicious fresh veggies.I got the mussels with frites. I got the third option which the waiter said it was the most popular - it was okay. I had heard it described as orgasmically good but... it wasn't. It was decent, the frites were okay but 5 bucks?! I guess...The whole behind the bar and watching the cooks cook your food was a good experience for the first twenty mins. After that I wanted to cover my face from the heat and oil that was plastering it. BUT the waiter (maybe owner) was super super nice after I asked him about his favorite restaurant in Paris and he talked us up in a storm for a good twenty mins. The wine was plentiful and decent to pair with our food.Overall, I would come here just to say you have but don't be expected to be completely awed. It's decent food at decent SF prices with nice service and it's 'different' but the food was just okay. Enjoy!
Got Chicken Carbonara. The sauce was good but noodles were a bit mushy and falling apart.
You must order the French Onion Soup! The food is amazing and I have yet to order something which displeases me. Only critique is of the savory crepes: they're fine, but the sweet ones are AMAZING.Yes, it's true, you may have to wait outside of this tiny establishment for some time, but don't do what many other do: if you wander away because you're low on the list, you might just get jumped for someone who is right near the door when the waiter, adorably French, comes out and calls a name. Sometimes you can get seated more quickly if you're ready to sit at one of the two outdoor tables. This can speed up the process a lot if it's cold out: just dress warmly!Enjoy!
This place was really solid, not quite the blow-me-out-of-the-water experience I was expecting after reading all the reviews, but definitely good.
This place is a lot smaller than I expected it to be! I located this restaurant through yelp and decided to try this place out considering it's high ratings. Came here on a Saturday afternoon and this place was packed - well probably because this restaurant only has a seating capacity of around 10-12. All bar seating with a few small tables available indoor and outdoor. I was seated at the bar and had a great view of the chefs working fast at whipping up each entree for the hungry patrons. I ordered the basic burger and I must say it was quite delicious! The pattie was well marinated with an egg on top. I'm not sure what type of bread was used but I remember it had a unique taste but nonetheless very good. The entree came with a side of garlic fries (YUM!) and small salad with their house dressing. I was well satisfied with my lunch and will definitely be back next time I'm in the area!
Chez Maman transports you to France while feeding you good food, right in SF's warmest neighborhood. I live on Potrero Hill, and it is one of my go-to places. Their Chicken Panini is delicious, full of flavor, it tastes fresh, and their fries are likely the best in town. Try it! For dinner their beef is always tasty.
Although this tiny restaurant is wedged between two shops on a hill (where there is another French restaurant o tres cher), it was an experience to eat the lovely food. There are four tables, and two of those are outside. Lovely ambiance albeit tiny, tiny, tiny! As there most certainly (unless you have un coup de pot - stroke of luck) will be a wait, make sure to put your name on the waitlist adjacent to the front door. I had a kir royale (reminiscent of my one trip to Paris) to accompany my mushroom crepe - oo la la! It was light yet satisfying, flavors melting together and in my happy mouth. My honey had the Crepe L'Oriental even though he does not like lamb, he loved this crepe. Great supper, attentive service, but just a bit more elbow room would make it perfect. But of course, the place is tiny. One word - GO.
Had a weird experience here tonight.. My friend and I were in the area for a concert and were very hungry, thank god a high rated French place was open in the area! We were ordering to go , and after about a minute were seated at the bar. We were seated next to a very beautiful girl with a gorgeous heavy french accent who seemed to be the host just getting off. I asked her what was good there and she recommended a couple things, but didn't seem too eager to talk - definitely her right on her break. This is where things went wrong. My friend and I sat there for about 15 minutes being completely, flat-out ignored by the bartender. He then asked us if we would like some water, and we said yes, but that we were just ordering to go. He said 'Ohhhh' as if we had just said a very bad word, and let us be for even longer. It seems pertinent to mention that all of his attention was being put toward everyone on the other side of the bar who we could hear conversating in french with him, most of them already had their food, or were just getting drinks. Finally we got the order in , he was very too the point, obviously just trying to get it done. As my friend looked down to read his entree off the menu, I watched him steal a quick smile at the host on my right, as if too non-verbally laugh at our stupidity. I realize, having worked (currently in fact) in restaurants for years that To Go tips are not huge money maker, especially for the bartender (no alcohol sales) but it is part of working in this industry and is no reason to condescend or mistreat customers. On the other hand, food is delicious, so if you can survive the potential abuse, you will be in for a fantastic meal. My one star rating is not for the food in the least, but for the sole fact that I wouldn't want to return to eat, at least at the bar with that bartender.Edit : the server's name on the receipt is Yohan. Avoid him if you can!
My girlfriend and I had a great dining experience here.We are from France and we miss food that taste like home.We ordered a grilled camembert and snails as appetizers, camembert was delicious on top of grilled bread with garlic. Snails were good.Then, I had the salmon with potatoes and creme fraiche, salmon was undercooked in the middle but it was still good.My GF had the mussels (moules) poulette, it was delicious, i finished the sauce with bread.For desert, i had a mousse au chocolat, it was a mousse with hazelnut, exactly what i needed. My GF had the creme brule that tasted like home.Great experience, french ambiance!We did not have crepes because we usually cook it at home but you should try it, it looked delicious.
Great Burger!
I don't think I've been this excited to write a review, but here it goes...I'm in the process of moving to SF, and I asked my friends to help me move a bunch of stuff. In return, I asked them to pick a place, and I'll treat them to lunch. My friend looked on Yelp on the way to SF and he decided he wanted American food, or a good burger. He saw that this one had a bunch of reviews and was highly rated, so we decided on that. (this is a french / belgium restaurant, not american) Arriving, parking wasn't too bad. We parked on a hill just down the street. When we got to Chez Maman, we put our name on the waitlist. It's one of those places where it's ALL bar seating, and 2 2-person tables inside, and 2 2-person tables outside.While we were waiting, I went next door to Ruby Wine and browsed a bit. I ended up bookmarking it on yelp. Then our wait was still kinda long... so I just stared at the menu and read reviews. I didn't actually realize how many good reviews there were, so my expectations just shot up by a million percent. I was a bit discouraged by the long wait time.There is a menu behind the waiting seats. I was drooling over some of the authentic french / belgian entrees, but after reading reviews, I decided on the burger. The two 2-person tables cleared up and we were seated. There is free bread and butter, just like in France or Belgium. For those that are not too familiar, moules frites (mussels and fries) is a famous dish of Belgium. I didn't opt for it, but it did cross my mind. I ordered basic burger + brie + avacado. 14 dollars for the buger (11+1.50+1.50), 7 dollars for a belgian beer. 7 dollars is a bit for the beer, but whatever, it's not a name you see often. We also ordered the Baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points. The baked camembert was amazing. Melted cheese with a whole baked garlic bulb that you had to peel and put on bread with the cheese. YUM. It worked really well. Our burgers came out after we finished the appetizers.THE BURGER. I started putting the burger together, and when I took that first bite, I almost died. The balance of the burger was simply just right. Nothing was over salted or over-seasoned, the veggie-burger balance was perfect. The patty was cooked as ordered (medium rare). It comes with fries. Was the hour wait worth it? Heck yes. I'll be back and don't mind waiting another hour for it. This is highly recommended, and I'll be back to try all the other foods on the menu!Tips: This place is NOT good for groups. Best is a party of 2. If doing out door seating, they do have a heating thing above, so you can stay warm. I had no problem parking in the area. Be prepared to wait. Expect amazing food. You can't go wrong here.
We went at that odd time, last call for lunch almost 2pm. Chef was tucking into his order of grilled pork chops (that is the order to get with his mashed potatoes). We ordered for 3 people the pork chops, mussels (Thai sauces) but no fries (cutting down on carbos - same, we asked him not to table what looked to be very good bread and butter), escargot (which looked like the Costco variety, pre made) and amazing roquefort/blue cheese and endive salad with bits of ham. The mussles were perfectly done, tender - not tough and we liked the fact we could choose different sauces.  Personal favorite, des moulles avec Thai sauce and the endive salad.The wine list - meh. The rose we ordered was decent, not great - and was served slightly better than room temperature. Chef spilled some as he poured and in fact, he seemed all in all kinda cranky - maybe he was hungry.I'd say this is a solid 3 stars, great to go to for a snack, but it is not a true French bistro.Why?We'll ignore that this is really more California fusion French menu. But, much of the food seemed pre-made. This is like fast food French local diner?Would we come back? For sure. We'd order snacks and another bottle of wine. Would we come back for dinner? Not really, but if no other place is available and we're too lazy.
This is one of my absolute favorite spots in SF!Amazing French cuisine at surprisingly affordable prices. It feels like a steal.My regular favorites: Thai mussels with frites, French Onion Soup, Beef Tartare.The place is pretty tiny, so on weekend nights, be prepared to write your name on the white board and hang out outside for a bit (there's a wine bar right next door!). The server (master of the place) is an oddly charming, funnily serious Frenchman who basically runs the entire operation, taking orders, serving food and wine, busing. I love sitting at the bar, watching him and his team of 4 or 5 men spinning around each other in the tiny kitchen-area and grill with measured grace and efficiency. These guys are pros. I ordered the escargot one day and the server crinkled his nose at me as he served it and said,"Ugh, you like to eat these snails?! Bon apptit!" Sounds snobby, but it never feels that way. A meal at Chez Maman is always the highlight of my day.
Food was good. Beef tartare was more of ground beef with ketchup. A bit disappointed tho. The steak with aioli was actually good. We ordered "bread pudding" but there was no dried fruit and didn't tasted much of a custard. But more of a yellow cake We also order the molten cake that never showed up. Will I go back maybe if I go nowhere to go
Onion soup was bomb!!!! Was disappointed they didn't have Escargot for lunch on Sunday :( was really looking forward to trying the escargot , definitely coming back again to try that. Their crepe wasn't that great tho, had the smoke salmon crepe. Didn't like the skin of the crepe that much. But overall a nice restaurant.
I feel torn in writing this review because I've actually frequented this restaurant a number of times with mixed results. The thing is, I don't think you'll find a better panini in town. It hot, delicious, and the side salad is such a good complement I eat it every single time and I don't even like salad. I can't vouch for any of the other entrees because I ordered the panini the first time I ever visited and have never been able to bring myself to order anything else because I know how good it is.BUT, the service is hit or miss. And by that, I mean it depends who your server is. The French claim to get a bad rap with the attitude towards service, but this restaurant confirms every stereotype I've ever been told. I came a few years ago (on my birthday, no less!) and had my waiter sneer that I was ordering too much food. He actually said to me, "you should not eat so much."I took a long hiatus from the restaurant after that experience, but was eventually lured back by the promise of paninis that melt in your mouth. A few visits passed by uneventfully, until...I went this afternoon with a friend and our two kids. Now please don't mistake me for one of "those people" who brings their kids to inappropriate venues or allows them behave badly in restaurants. It's a low-key bistro with outdoor seating in a neighborood packed with kids. The place was nearly empty and I asked if I could take the two tables outside (so we wouldn't disturb the 4 people inside). The waiter (owner? I never can tell) looks at me and says loudly, "Ugggggggccchhhhh. Kids." He sneers, then says, "I guess you can sit."Never have I encountered a restaurant that is so loathe to receive business. After looking past my first rude encounter, a second was too much to place. I don't plan on eating here again.
Great place! I came here for brunch at around 12:30 and there was a short wait. I got the croque Madame. It was very good. Would definitely get it again.
Get a burger with brie or a croque madame and you will be happy. Don't worry that it's cramped or that the French guy has a slightly bad attitude, the food is good for the price and the ambience is cool. The mussels looked and smelled great. Will definitely be getting those next time!
I stopped by for lunch and the food was good. The wine was surprising good. The skirt steak was good, but I wouldn't call it great as I've had better at other French bistros in the US. The chocolate dessert was wonderful, a bit too big for one person if you had a full entree though.
The service was weird, we were asked for our order really early, and then our waitress disappeared for too long. I had the pork chop which was overcooked and dry. The onion soup was good though. It was really packed so maybe it was just an off night.
A Lovely neighborhood French Bistro.I've been to Chez Maman many many times, and when I go to this small establishment in Potorero Hill, I won't get dissapointed. Always leaves this place with a smile on my face with full stomach. My go to menu: their porkchop and mixed green salad. If you are feeling generous, get the side order of fries =)
Awesome! The food here was exceptional. I got to try the basic burger, tuna panini, and the savoyarde crepe, and all of them were so good! Definitely recommend trying this place out. There's not much seating however so you would probably have to wait, but I say it's worth it!
YUM!Oh no, I've had this place bookmarked forever, and am so glad that a friend took me there. I was down in the dumps that day, and eating here cheered me right up! The server had the best personality, the food was outstanding. We did wait for a bit to get in...small place, can eat at the bar or outside. The whole menu looked outstanding, but I was craving a burger. The burger was fantastic. Perfect for a great meal and experience.
French girls in a delicious french restaurant. I love the place the staff is really nice and friendly :) the food was like my hometown and I appreciate that my friends discovered their delicious dishes. However, it is not a romantic restaurant and it is a small place. Make a reservation or be ready to wait or eat outside :)
Delightful and delicious. Staff was friendly and helpful. Despite a short wait, we were waited on and served promptly. Everything was terrific.
Cozy space, excellent service, extensive wine list with a decent beer selection and delicious French onion soup and cinnamon pain perdu that keep us coming back. Truly the gem of Portrero.
My good friend and I needed a long lunch date to catch up so we decided to try this place. The place is very small. They only have a bar with a couple seats and 2 outdoor tables. We decided to order a bunch of different things to share. We ordered the french onion soup, eggs florentine, smoked salmon crepe, and french fries. I have to say, I LOVED the french onion soup even though I don't like onions! The eggs florentine and crepe were ok, not terrible. The fries were nice and crispy with a good aioli sauce. I definitely want to come back and try their burgers and the french onion soup again.
This place was amazing. The burger is every bit as good as advertised. The unique cheese options are what make it stand out imo. Brie on a burger is heaven.
Hip neighborhood eatery on Potrero Hill that I highly recommend for a quick bite in primarily French cuisine at reasonable prices. The food is uniformly excellent (I especially love their crepes), the French-speaking staff is almost always very friendly and accommodating, and they even have a dog-friendly outdoor seating area.
I regret replacing my fries with a salad! Because these were the best fries I've ever ever had! ); don't skimp out people!!! It is so good and their aioli is amazing too! I still haven't been able to find anything like it out here in LA ); But I got their fish burger and it was yummy (: nothing crazy but a standard and solid sandwich! The waiter was a real character with a thick french accent hahha!
This place. This hole in the wall is legit. I came here and waited an hour for a seat. To eat FRIES. What the actual hell. I mean to say; good selections and courteous staff.
5 stars for outdoor seating on sunny Potrero Hill5 stars for a juicy burger that lives up to the hype5 stars for roquefort (very similar to blue, or bleu, as the case may be) cheese3 stars for egg on the burger - I should have skipped this, the cacophony of flavors hides it so it's a waste2 stars for not taking reservations, but oh well, get there early for lunch and you'll be fine
Sexy. I can't think of any other word to describe this tiny restaurant crammed into a narrow space in Potrero Hill. It was dark on New Year's eve and of course we sat at the bar and watched them cook all of our food while drinking wine and working on appetizers.It is absolutely tiny, and if you eat at the bar as you should you will rub shoulders with the folks next to you in a good way. Casual and laid back, I loved the easy ambiance and straightforward French menu here.I started with some wine and the baked Camembert. It was served with toast points and an entire head of deep-fried garlic. I took the garlic and the mild melty cheese and spread them all over the toast and ate the crap out of it.My buddy started with what he said was the best bowl of french onion soup he ever had. After the meal he declared himself ruined for all other soups for the next five years.I got the mussels with white wine and garlic. I carefully watched them execute this dish, from the big pat of butter used to fry the garlic, to the addition of a million mussels, and finally the reduction of the sauce into a dense, flavorful liquid after the mussels cooked in it. Ordered with fries fresh out of the oil, this was the best mussel dish I've ever had. The mussels were exquisite, I've never had them cooked so perfectly. Instead of being rubbery or tough, they were smooth and creamy. The sauce was delightful, and you know that I was grabbing forkfuls of fries and soaking up the sauce with them by the end of the dish. This was simply stellar.The waiter hurried us out of the place before I finished my glass of port, but hell, this was so good that I can't even take a star off, especially considering the size of the place.
Had a fish burger with fries. Never had a fish burger before but I will again. Also had the Les Gourmandises for desert and I too will be having that again.Only four stars because the service wasn't all that great. Combined with the overly busy atmosphere(not enough servers?) I have to knock it down a notch.
This has been one of my favorites restaurants for several years. I've never had one complaint. The food is always amazing!
I was really looking forward to going to this place to try however that's where my excitement ended. Very simple orders. Coffee, iced tea, croque madame, extra crispy bacon and eggs with sausage. Coffee forgotten, iced tea tasted like the coffee urn hadn't been washed properly (you know when your tea tastes like mildew (at least that is my experience) it is because the urn may have been rinsed but not washed and that is not good enough. extra crispy bacon, fatty and uncooked because they never separated the pieces (had to send it back twice). Croque Madame, um no. Totally dry and flavorless. The eggs with sausage were the only things that were edible. The coffee once it came was good. The refills, only came when requested by flagging down the waiter. The manager (apparently) while giving me a hug (I personally don't like to be touched unless you ask permission or I know you) kept insisting she was sorry and that things like this never happen. Lies. They happen in all restaurants and what should have been done is the whole check comped except for the mimosas. That's what you do when everything at a table goes to hell. The table next to us as well had to send their steak back for being undercooked. Servers were totally missing in action despite it not being that busy. I'm really starting to think people in San Francisco have ever declining expectations resulting in inflated ratings. Oh did I mention that despite being sat about 5 minutes prior to the table on the other side of us that they were approached first by the server and also received their food far far ahead of ours?
By far and away one of THE best bistros in the City, especially if you like Mussels in a variety of styles. Fish, chicken, steak. Salads , desserts and a very affordable And drinkable wine list. The staff are quote friendly. Rarely a long wait. Treat yourself, and if you live I this Dogpatch neighborhood, don't miss this neighborhood gem!
On our Potrero Hill tour de restaurants, we stumbled upon Chez Maman. My boyfriend and I had never eaten together in this area of the city before and this place looked really interesting so we thought we would check it out. It's small but cute atmosphere is very appealing but it's food and service leaves much to be desired. The waiter was nice but our service was lukewarm at best. We both ordered the Chez Maman burgers with fries. While the portion was decent, the flavor left much to be imagined.Perhaps burgers aren't their speciality but is that really an excuse to serve bland food?
It's been awhile since we've waited 1+ hour for a table anywhere but somehow we found ourselves doing just that the other night. Shivering outside while wistfully watching a party of 4 jovially dining outdoors underneath the heat lamps with their imbibes in hand our eyes quickly darted to the door each time it would open hoping it was the owner calling us in. Finally we hear our names and we immediately jump up from where we were sitting. We were lead inside and was instructed to take the seats at the end of the counter. It was actually a lot smaller than I had anticipated as this location seats maybe 1/2 - 1/3 of patrons that can be seated at Hayes. Again, I had to skip on the Baked Camembert as I planned to order the fettuccine in the mushroom in white wine sauce. Husband had the pork chops and loved every single last bite. I slurped down every last bite of my fettuccine. The sauce was flavorful, with good sauce to mushroom ratio and a decent, hearty portion of pasta. I think I even took a piece of their complimentary bread and sopped up some left over sauce.Watching the cooks behind the counter was entertaining. They were swift, had their timing down and were were able to whip up multiple dishes in no time - both dine in and carry out. We were almost convinced to order dessert but opted against it. I know boring. Perhaps next time.
Popped in for lunch the other day and LOVED it!!!Great French food in this adorable little spot. Steak frites were delicious. Burger as well. Loved it and we will be back!
This is one of the chillest French places I've ever been to. You can expect to interact with the owner who often brings food to the tables. The owner is the definition of friendly and animated. In fact, I think there should be a Disney character made to resemble him.The onion soup, the merguez panini and the veal with cream of mushroom are wins.Seating is intimate. Expect to be close to your friend/family/spouse/date while rubbing shoulder's with the person-next-to-you's friend/family/spouse/date.My one and only qualm is that this place is really small. In order to sit here, you may need to up your strategy and figure out the optimal time for minimal crowd.  Otherwise, prepare to wait--for a while.
Maybe I just ordered all the wrong things, but I didn't think this place was that great. The hype on Yelp put Chez Maman on my places to eat in SF list, but I don't think it really deserves to be there. I could give it another shot, but I probably won't.First off that bread they serve you is so rock hard, they should be embarrassed to serve obviously not fresh and who knows how old bread to customers. We sat outside and arrived around 4:30pm to beat the crowd - the outdoor seating is really awkward. Situated on a hill, the tables, chairs, and food will slide with the incline and if it's breezy, the side flap will keep slamming into you. I got the French Onion soup which was good and a beef burger with brie, avocado, and egg. The burger was more like a sandwich in size and with the long bread they used. The bread was powdery, kind of tough, very dry, and not delicious. Overall, even with my addition of an egg, the burger was super dry and uneventful. Although my bf loved the leftovers, I didn't care for it. Wait, how do you mess up a burger with brie, egg, and avocado?
This little place is wonderful in pretty much every aspect! The service is nice, quick and engaging! The setup inside the restaurant is mainly a counter bar setup. So the server runs up and down the bar serving all the customers sitting, and the cooks also cook right in front of you. It all just adds up to a really warm and enlightening experience! The food is delicious and zesty! Les moules (mussels) are definitely worth getting! Don't forget to eat the cheeesy creaaamy sauce at the bottom with it. Ermergerd. So yummmmz. And OH MAAN. The creaamy sauce they add in the hamburger just makes your mouth drooool. Wowzahs! I DEFINITELY LOVED THIS PLACE!!!And the charming, witty server adds so much character to your meal experience to truly create an awesome experience! Thank you!
Finally made it to the new location in the old Chez Papa spot. Burger still rocks as it has for many years.
Like a quick trip to France.We sat at the bar, simply a great experience, both the food and the service.Try the beef tartar and the veal.
I don't care about the owner's attitude. He is brusque in that charming French way and at a counter style bistro, I don't mind a bit of 'I don't have time for bullshit' attitude.But I do care about the food. Especially when I'm laying down $36 for lunch.The Mahi Mahi was dry and poorly seasoned in a canned tuna fishy kind of way. The mango side was a watery mess. Looked like someone dumped a cup of water on my plate. Liked the spinach though. Finished off with a cappuccino that tasted horrible and was served on a nice illy cup-saucer with foam all over the place, handle, saucer, etc. They are riding on laurels and just don't care. An insult, really considering the location.So here's a bit of that colorful attitude back at ya.
I came here for lunch with my friend. We both ordered from the brunch menu while everyone else at the bar table had burgers or paninis. I had the huevos rancheros with red chorizo sauce while she had the eggs Benedict. They both came with a side of mixed greens. My dish was flavorful bc of the chorizo sauce, but I didn't think it was anything I haven't had before at other places.  Although the food was decent, there's nothing about it that made it stand out from other breakfast/brunch/lunch places. I was a bit disappointed when I saw that they did not have French toast on their menu :( y is there no French toast at a brunch place? As for the wait, we were waiting for a while since we didn't realize they had already called our names only to find out later that we were erased from their white board, which sucked. After immediately putting our names back on the board, we were seated right away. I would not wait an hr or 40 mins for this place. It's only alright in my opinion.
My friends absolutely swear by the burgers here, so I did something I've never ever done before: I ordered the exact same thing as everyone else in the group. I had to fight against every Chinese cell in my body to do this, but I gotta trust it when TWO good friends cannot live without this burger. Great value though - about $20 total for a burger and shared dessert!* Chez Maman Burger - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD(with blue cheese, side salad. $12.50)Good! Not stellar, but good. The blue cheese is crazy strong and was really tasty on the burger. Also, I asked for medium-rare and it was more medium. I think I would've enjoyed a juicier burger more. But also the bun was quite dry/hard, which I know is the style, but I really like my buttery toasted buns. The salad was simple & fine. I nibbled on my friend's fries - they were pretty damn good, as was the aeoli it came with.* Cinnamon Pain Perdu - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD(with marinate fresh berries, apple syrup & chantilly. $8.00)Yum! Very very sweet, and a very soggy carb. My type of food. A really good crunchy crisp, yet the bread was moist and soft. Love the fresh fruit on top too. The chantilly was DELICIOUS.
Wasn't sure where to go for dinner so after some browsing on Yelp, we decided to give Chex Maman a try. With so many high praises, we were convinced it was worth a shot.We ordered Escargot: buttery, salty goodnessWarm Goat Cheese Salad: mild gamey flavor from the cheese paired well with the salty tartness of the salad. Pork Chop: tender gigantic piece of pork under a bed of brussels sprouts sauteed with bacon. Topped with with a rich and flavor sauceHamburger with bacon and cheddar cheese w/ a side of fries: Burger meat was good and super flavorful. The fries were also well seasoned and had a good crisp exterior. Sort of reminded me of In N Out fries only better.While everything was tasty, it was also way too salty! That was my biggest problem with Chex Maman. If the salt level was better balanced I think I would have enjoyed my meal more and given it a 4 star.Overall ThoughtsBeware of salt content, besides that, Chez Maman delivers standard food at a reasonable price
Pretty good food. Bad service. Got our orders wrong. Charged us for things we didn't get. Mis-cooked the wellness of the meat.
This low-key restaurant is a great spot for burgers and mussels. The mussels make a great appetizer for dinner, sharing with your date or friends. The garlicy goodness is just too much to pass up. The soupy-ness is also yummy to soak up with bread - be sure to ask for some!The burgers here are wonderful too. I still say that Roam Artisan and Pearl's have better burgers, but this place will suffice. You can add many different components to your burger, such as avocado, bacon, egg, brie, swiss, goat cheese, and more. This place is really geared for couples though. The largest table they have is for 4, which is really hard for groups. I went here on a double date and we had to wait a bit, so just as a heads up if you want to do the same.I really love the local, neighborhood-feel of this restaurant. It feels very San Francisco and homey! Also, this place is a great alternative to Plow down the block, if their line happens to be 1 hour.
My husband and I were on our way back from a Niner game and looked on yelp somewhere to eat. We found that this place had high reviews and decided to eat here.To our enjoyment we had wonderful food priced competitively. The venue is small but it had good energy and things ran smooth. The service was efficient and we had an overall good experience. The only reason they did not get 5 stars is because the personality of the server was dull. Remember next time "Service with a smile".We would go back.
Having resorted to come here last minute after nearly losing my sense of respect for the establishment up the hill at Papas. As well as nearly losing my lunch from the emanating odor coming from inside ...I almost didn't make onto the waiting list here at chez maman.... Granted some of the reviews below are correct....the seating space availability sucks....thanks in part to the oversized Mediterranean cuisine right next door. I swear that place is a cut and paste version of the place showcased on kitchen nightmares......But anyways. I was 7 on the waiting list list..everyone above me was table for 2,2,6,2,3,2....and it took...45 mins-1hr ish?? The large group took the counter seats while everyone else rotated on the smaller mino tables barely a quarter size of a Chinese mahjong table..What's the food like?1)Bacon Burger---cheese and every other condiment you can think of being standard is an extra charge ....So essentially you are paying for the meat and bun itself...already like 8-11 dollars I think? The Bacon cheese and basic condiments is 2$ extra charge each...so they found a way to milk the neighborhood...(-1]2) The server was on point. Not hovering. But quick with refills and plate changes..reminds you of the French taxi driver from rush hour 3 when he speaks. But hes funny(+1)..3). Skinny fries that aren't burnt and fried to the bone like lumpias! (+1)4) if the bacon was under cooked. I would rip this place a new one for mishandling the preparation of pork + health lawsuit ....HOWEVER....no matter how you choose to have your meat cooked....it is LOADED Sith pepper seasoning....making coke your new best friend..even if your on a date. (-1)5) your dessert menu seems appetizing but the peppers killed my taste buds tonight. But everything seems to fit well.... Overall: DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE ON A STRICT DIET
I came here a couple of months ago and two things stick out to me, one good and one bad. The good: Pork chop (especially the sauce) was delicious! The bad: Tatin dessert crepe (roasted caramelized apples with chantilly) goes on my list of most unappetizing crepes I have ever eaten!Let me pretend like the crepe never happened for a moment...My friend and I were seated at the counter, witnessing all the action, pretty much watching our food being made. The server was attentive and sweet. We ordered mussels (Mariniere) and fries to share. That was really good. She ordered the Mahi Mahi - not memorable. I ordered the pork chop. To tell you the truth, I don't remember how the pork chop itself was but I do remember I LOVED the apple cider mustard sauce. Although it seems they are more known for their burgers, I would definitely go back for their pork chop.Back to the crepe. Seriously, the dessert crepe ruined the whole meal for me AND it was upon the recommendation of the server. I should've just skipped dessert and left satisfied and happy. But no, my sweet tooth would not let me do such a thing. The apple filling of the crepe was, let's just say, not good. Can't say how their other dessert crepes are but if I'm back again, I am not going to risk getting another one.Other than that last sour note of my meal, there really isn't much to complain about. Don't get the Tatin crepe!
This place was definitely an amazing find. My friend and I were looking to try new food and stumbled upon this place while browsing yelp. There are two locations but the parking here is much better than the hayes location since it's mostly residential. When we arrived, we didn't realize how small it was. There are 2 tables outside and a table inside with a bar/counter seating. I would say it holds maybe 20 people? Thankfully we got there around 6 because there was a wait a bit later and this was a weeknight. We ordered the baked Camembert to start. It was amazing with a whole head of roasted garlic and toast points. The server explained to us the proper technique on how to eat it.Next for entrees, we got a basic burger with frites and the poulette mussels to share. The burger was thinner than most places I've been too and there were quite a few spices in the party itself. I thought it was good. But the real star on that plate were the frites. They were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The mussels were my favorite dish of the night. The sauce was amazing and We couldn't get enough of it! Dipping the frites in there was the perfect combo. I would definitely come back again when I get the chance to eat the mussels and frites.
I had brunch here a week ago with a friend. We'd planned to go to Plow, but decided that no matter how good its rep, we weren't going to wait an hour and a half. We walked around, and lo and behold, nary a block away were two other brunch spots.We got to Chez Maman a wee bit early--they open at 10:30--so we waited a couple of minutes and were the first folks of the day. I had the smoked salmon crepe, which had the richest creme fraiche I've ever had, and was topped with a lovely bit of dressed greens. Perfect. I'm afraid I don't remember what my friend got, but he pronounced it excellent. The coffee was very good quality, and the service also very good.We were so pleased, we're going to go back for dinner some point soon! I'm sure Plow's great, but with this place so good and so close (and so cheaper!), I'm not sure I'll ever have the patience to find out.
Had basic burger with roquefort cheese and egg. Ah, that was perfect with beer. I visited with my friend, but it looked very comfortable to visit alone, too, if you want to sit at bar. You can see how they cook very clearly. I'll revisit.The beer whose name I don't remember was like 13% alcohol, but I liked the sweet taste. :)
I know everyone insists that they know the best place in SF for steak or whatever, but you shouldn't listen to them and only listen to me when I say that Chez Maman has hands-down THE best steak I've had in my life. Really. I come here every other week just for the steak & peppercorn sauce, and every dang time, it's still the best steak ever. The meat melts like butter in my damn mouth, the peppercorn sauce adds a creamy texture to the already-perfect steak. I'm actually mad I'm not eating it right now.The restaurant itself is tiny and there's usually a pretty long wait for dinner on weekend nights, but I'd do a lot of other crazier (read: non-sexual) things for a Chez Maman steak. It's absolutely worth it.
I love this place so much. It was like getting a $20 trip to Paris.
Wonderful experience with the best service we had for a long time (everyone there was super nice and friendly)French onion soup: excellentEscargot: AmazingBeef Tartar: Amazing and very big portionBurger: excellentFlat Irons Steak: ExcellentLamb Brochette: just OKCrepes (berries and banana/nuttela): AmazingCreme Brle: Excellent
$12 Complete Crepe - Bland flavors and dry crepe...Should've ordered a burger instead. The arugula salad was way too acidic. However, the over easy egg was perfect. Freeloaded my friend's pomme frites and sauce, and it was delicious!Atmosphere was way casual and diner like. I'd rather have table seating inside and out.Service was sufficient. I will not go out of my way to eat here. I recommend Chez Papa just two doors over if you're already in the area.
Chez Maman unfortunately completely perpetuates the stereotype that the French hate Americans!  I ordered a steak cooked rare and received a steak that was completely well-done. I kindly asked for a new steak and was given one that was indeed rare, but literally could not have been more bland. Neither of the waiters seemed to care about the mistake or whether the recooked steak was prepared well. Very poor service overall from the kitchen and the waiters. There are so many other choices on this street, please don't waste your time by stopping by Chez Maman. Go to Aperto or Umi instead!
The new digs are fantastic. They relocated to the corner on the same block. More seating and a great location. Food is fantastic as usual, service A+++ and atmosphere is hip, chic and fun. BEST BURGERS IN SF. Leave it to the French!
I went here and sat next to the unassuming owner late one friday night. He was a nice french dude. It was kind of cool because I ordered the carbonara and so did he. How's that for ordering the right thing. I've never had a bad carbonara and this one did not disappoint,  I really want to go back because this is one of those super small places where you sit at a bar and watch cooks. I saw so many delicious looking dishes come out. I wish I had the room in my stomach and and the budget to try them all.
food is amazing!!! big portion sizes, best of all, awesome customer service and very nice people!! will definitely come again for sure!!
I tried this place out for the first time, and it was fantastic!Wait: Can take a while, but worth it. The inside looks like a very narrow, limited space.Service: Our waiter was awesome, funny, and played along with our sarcastic jokes.Food: 5/5, would eat there again. Here's a rundown of what my boyfriend and I ate: - Beef tartare: we both love beef tartare, and were not disappointed by this one. It was a little spicier than I generally like, but overall super delicious. - Mahi-mahi: this was what my boyfriend ordered. I don't usually like mahi-mahi, but this one was tasty. Especially with the mango cucumber bits that surrounded it. - Veal: my mouth is watering as I think of this dish. Get it. It is amazeballs. The vegetables are decent, but it's really the veal, mushrooms, and sauce that will blow your mind. My boyfriend kept stealing bites of my dish, and we both agreed it was the best. - Berries & creme fraiche crepes: yum! The warm crepe paired perfectly with the berries and creme fraiche.We'll definitely be back for that veal and some other new dishes.
I'll be brief since, really 1322 reviews before me all say the same thing. Just awesome.This place reminds me why I moved to San Francisco....which lately, I've needed some reminding.
A French burger place among the best in San Francisco. The venue is quite small and you're bound to have a wait. But surely it is worth it.It appears that a single french waiter keeps the whole place moving. He was an excellent server and his accent added to the atmosphere (lol). For a group of three, taking the bar space isn't bad. You are quite close to the chef and see every dish being prepared. I enjoyed this. It has a great vibe and lends well to small groups.The burger was very good and the goat cheese/bacon combination was spot on. They have a good wine selection and pairs well with nearly every dish. Grab a glass. Will certainly return, everyone in our party raved about their dish.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city, it can get crowded but worth the wait.
Wow this place is so COOL! You walk in and there's 2 tables up at the very front and a long narrow strip of chairs bar-style, and that's it. There are a few tables outside. I love the small exclusive feel. They also cook right in front of you. The pots, pans, stovetop, crepe makers, deli is all right in front of you. It's like food and a show. I got the salmon burger on ciabatta bread with fries that had a garlic flavor. Drinks were available, ton of wine or beer. This place is French, and I think it was the owner that greeted me in French, and he also called me Madamoiselle! Haha that was so cute. Everyone is working quick, looking like they're enjoying their jobs. Such a cool way to spend lunch hour in SF. :D
All you need are three things: Burger, mussles and a glass of wine.Dinner is served! Consistently good.
Bf & I got in for Sunday brunch right after they opened. I knew I shoulda got the burger, but I had a burger at Pearl's the night before, and didn't feel like getting a chicken burger. I knew I had to get the French Onion Soup since I always seem to get it at French restaurants. I also ordered the vegetarian crepe because I was trying to be healthier..to off-set the cheesy soup & I honestly wasn't feeling any breakfast items. He got the chicken sausage omelet. The French Onion soup had lots of gooey comforting cheese but was just alright to me. I enjoyed my buckwheat all veggie crepe it was more pleasing then I thought it would be. It was served with a side salad of greens with a light dressing. He liked his chicken sausage omelet, I didn't think too much of it and thought it was a little weird that the chicken sausage was served alongside the eggs not in the omelet. As many of mentioned this place is tiny, so food can take awhile and be sure to get there early or you'll be waiting. Be forewarned you will smell like the grill though! I may come back if I was in the area craving French food, however I was a little dissapointed because I've heard so much hype about this place yet still care for other French restaurants more.
Mmmm...*drool. The baked camembert with roasted garlic is sorta amazing. So good that you want to lick the plate (wait that doesn't really work with camembert). Either way it's a must order. I'm a huge burger fan so I was super excited at the idea of adding brie or my burger. Wait I can add an egg too ?!?! (I was super bummed when I saw this option at super duper AFTER I had left). This time I added the brie and the egg. The egg I could have probably lived without, but the brie was amazing! Brie should be added on all burgers from now on. The flavors just compliment each other so well! Mmmm...I want some just thinking about it!
Small space but with good food.
It was ok. Service was funky. The food was not bad. But I did not get the hype. Maybe too French for me.
Been there many times when it was in the smaller location, once in the larger. It's all about the mussels for me. Makes me feel like I am in France. Fries are good. Can't wait to try the french onion soup.
Delicious food! Got the escargot to start then on to the yummy French onion soup. The onions were perfect and the cheese melted to perfection. Had the salmon for the main and and a basic burger with Brie and bacon. My mouth is still watering...I plan to come back and try the mussels. The service is also super fast and the owner is cool. I saw a lot of people order the mousse and they weren't disappointed.
Yes- This place is TINYNo- You don't go to this place for a drink. One yelp reviewer noted that they were essentially refused because they weren't getting food. If it's not a good day for outside seating- the space is limited. So you coming here for a glass of wine is stealing from people who are dying for delicious burgers and crepes. It should be a crime.Crepes- BEAUTIFUL and delicious. It's awesome to watch them make all of your food. However, watching the crepes being made is my fav.Burger- one of the most interesting burgers I've ever had. You could truly taste all the fresh spices they minced up and put into the meat. Each bite was a little different depending on how much flavor you had! Fantastic. The fries were also a glorious addition to the meal. We met new friends here but were sat at the bar. It would have been better to sit at a table together but it was awesome just the same. Everyone had an amazing experience.
What a fantastic little French jewel. This is not a white-table-cloth-thin-mustache- snooty-attitude kind of French restaurant. It's more like a French countryside cafe that has an upscale menu.The usual French standards are there, crepes, ratatouille, French onion soup, et al.I began with the soup, my favorite kind, French onion. It was hearty. Not a soup to be guzzled down you gullet, it is to be savored. If you eat it too fast you'll miss all of the complex notes and richness of the broth. It's also Gruyere cheese atop that crock, not Swiss like some places.We then shared the flat-iron steak with frites. The seasoning on both was divine, I believe there was tarragon involved. It was cooked to perfection and we also ordered a lamb sausage to go with it, which was also delicious.We rounded out the meal with a dessert crepe filled with caramelized apples and topped with Chantilly cream.Only reason I held back one star was the heat situation. You sit at a bar with the main kitchen area directly across from you. I thought this was pretty fantastic. I love watching my food being prepared (the many years I spent working in kitchens has turned it into a spectator sport for me), but the burners, which were constantly on, were directly across the way from us. It was not unbearable, just slightly uncomfortable.I'll be traveling through the area on my way back to the airport, and you can bet your bottom dollar that I'll be returning.
The crepes are interesting and surprisingly tasty as they were made of buckwheat. They were filled with generous amount of cheese and fillings. Service was good.
Such an itsy bitsy place, so I have no idea how we just sauntered in and got a table for four during prime time dinner time.The French onion soup is awesome. So Awesome. For $6, you get a mini tureen of thick onion essence under a mantle of bubbling cheese. Mop it up with the house bread, and know that only after four refills of this basket should you start feeling any shame. The baked Camembert was a close second-place celebration of cheese and roasted garlic.My friends all got burgers, which they enjoyed, though they commented that the meat was more like kebab meat (so even consistency), rather than the usual crumbly ground beef at diners. I had the mussels, which were a solid portion size and nicely cooked. You get four choices of sauces, and i went with Provencale, which meant bits of tomato (concasse if you wore your fancy pants), basil, garlic, and shreds of bell pepper.The desserts looked amazing (so much Chantilly!), but no room in our collective bellies this time around.
So yummy! Great service, worth the wait.
I really hate that I'm writing a 2-star review for Chez Maman. Especially since so many of my friends love it and especially since so many Yelpers love it.It may be an isolated incident but I was taken out by a coworker to Chez Maman and he was just raving about this place and how much he loved it. It was just a more cost efficient Chez Papa, crazy crazy amounts of praise.He ordered a variety of things but to be gracious, I only ordered a crepe. One singular crepe, which I still loathe to this day. It was the ham and Gruyere crepe, which I was super excited to eat when it arrived to the table. Only it was the saltiest thing I have ever eaten.I have eaten a lot of salty foods (MSG bucket right hurrr) but this crepe was crazy ridiculous salty, no way I could even stomach half of it. I didn't even know what to do/say because I'm with polite company who loves their food and here I am trying to figure out how to dump it somewhere...Idk. I'm really trying to work up the courage to eat here again since I had such a poor initial experience but a crazy oversalted crepe is one of those things that you remember forever...
WHAT A GEM. I hesitate to rave about Chez Maman b/c the lines are too long already, but with one of the best burgers and fries in town, huge portions, cheap drinkable house wines by the glass, and efficient, friendly service day-in-and-day-out, I'd eat hear every day if my waistline could stand it.P.S. I'm sick of people on Yelp pissing and moaning about this place being tiny and giving mediocre reviews with expectations that are totally out of reality: this isn't a 5 star restaurant, it's a cramped French diner counter....Get over it and go somewhere else, spoiled brats.
Been coming here for many years and thought I'd update my review.Best mussels in SF -- or anywhere else for that matter. One of the few "real" French bistros in the City albeit w/Latino cooks. Small place w/limited seating Only 4 small tables for 2 -- 2 inside and 2 outside -- and a counter that will seat around 10. Best to come for lunch if you don't want to wait for a seat.  Not cheap and service , while efficient, can be brusque in a French way, but the food is worth it.OBTW, there's another Maman location in Hayes Valley. I've walked by but have never eaten there. No sure why except I like the "look" & "ambiance" of the Potereo Hill location better.
Amazing burger and even more amazing fries. The service is quick, but terse. They are French after all. Seriously, this burger changed my outlook on this whole neighborhood. If you order it, don't be boring, get good cheese like roquefort or goat.
Hellooo Escargot...crepes on the other hand meh. So I came here around 5pm because I have always heard that the wait is crazy around dinner time. The wait for me turned out to be no problem at all. I loved how small and homey the restaurant was and I loved the fact that I got to watch the cooks prepare my food. The escargot was great. The sauce was perfect and I couldn't have asked for anything better. When I heard that they had french crepes I knew I had to have them because they are made out of buckwheat which is gluten free. I must say though the crepe lacked some flavor and I felt as if there was more skin than there was filling so much of it was quite bland. The salad also was not anything special. I will probably come back one more time to try one of their other dishes but it makes me sad that the crepes weren't as great as I thought they would be.
I love Chez Maman. I remember when I first moved to SF 3 years ago, a friend took me here and I have been hooked since. From the brusque but nice French guys who rotate serving there to the decadent, and I mean DECADENT food, I'm a serious fan.The wait sucks but worth securing those seats at the bar if anything to feel your mouth water as the food is whipped up right in front of you and enjoy a seriously great meal. And of course, calories don't count here...right?P.S. Rumor has it the burger here is better than NOPA. I'm too busy working through the rest of the menu...
I don't think the yelp reviews do this place justice. There is so much to this restaurant than just burgers and onion soup. It can be a bit difficult to find as it is quite small, but it may help to keep an eye out for the color red.The steak was amazingly cooked and the fries were good, although the garlic mashed potatoes were better. They give you a more than generous serving of wine. The server is very friendly and quick. There's street parking, and the restaurant is extremely small with only four to seat at one table that can be separated into two tables for groups of two and everyone else seated at the bar. But the bar isn't too terrible as you can see all the action in the kitchen and provide comfortable stools. It's very romantic and perfect for a casual date.The three downsides: The bread they served at the beginning of the meal was dry and boring; and I wanted to love the Suzette, which we ordered for dessert, but it was just so-so. Should have gone with the Cinnamon Pain Perdu or the Crme Brulee, as recommended by our waiter; and there were two obnoxious drunk patrons who came late in the evening and wouldn't stop laughing and snorting (like a pig, I might say), but that wasn't the restaurant's fault. Overall, I can't wait to go back!
The pork chops was fabulous and the hachi parmentier reminded me of my childhood in Paris. The prices are very reasonable. The owners are friendly, generous, and made us feel at home. We'll be back!
Very reasonable prices and well-executed food. We were most impressed with the escargot and the burgers. The crepes are also nice, and you can order them for dinner for a lighter meal.Most of the seats are at the bar, where you get a full view of the chefs preparing the food. It's fun to watch all the dishes come together.Seating is very limited seat - be prepared to wait.
Had their feta cheese, onion, bell pepper omelette, it was solid! Their potatoes were also perfectly cooked and crunchy!
Very small restaurant so come early but great food and service onion soup was excellent and the mussels
THOSE SPICES THOUGH.I found this place via Yelp on my lunch break, and was lucky enough to grab the very last counter seat before it was full. Let me start by saying, the place is really small, so either be prepared to wait, or hope luck is on your side. Between the two tables outside, two inside, and bar area, the place sits about 18-20 [I think it's 18 seats by my count but I'll leave a little room in case I'm wrong, haha]. Moving on...The workers are very kind, and they took my order as soon as I was ready. I opted for the Basic Burger, which, yes, it's basic...but don't let that fool you. Each add on is $1.50 extra, so I opted for bacon and swiss, yummm. The burger comes with a side salad or fries, but I got the fries. The wait wasn't very long at all, and the burger was delicious!!The blend of the crispy,yet soft, Ciabatta with whatever lovely spices the meat is laced with, and the herbs the fries are cooked in - JUST AMAZING. It seems so simple, yet my mouth was so happy with what I was eating. I consumed the whole thing, and if it weren't for my little tummy i would've finished all the last of the fries too. It's a great lunch spot, and even though it's small, I enjoyed the atmosphere. I will have to come back to try the rest of the menu on a later date, but I definitely know that I will be back!
Every time I come here I have had great food. From the paninis, to the soup, to the burgers have been great. This is why I always come back for more and wait in lines to get in.
Chez Maman is a great place to have a casual lunch. The environment is really chill and the service was very helpful and friendly. As recommended, I ordered the panini with merguez, onions, gruyere, and aioli. It was tasty and filling. The accompanying salad was nicely dressed and super fresh. The fish burger was also very good. The salmon was delicious and perfectly cooked. The dishes were of good portion sizes.The french fries and aioli were warm, crispy, and delicately seasoned. Chez Maman is located in Potrero Hill alongside a bunch of other nice places to visit.
I had the Provencale mussels here, which were outstanding. Most restaurants usually go the white wine, garlic, and parsley route, so the red bell peppers and tomatoes were a refreshing change. The chef actually had to run out and get some bell peppers (we went right when it opened). I ordered a side of fries, which went well with the mussels but weren't noteworthy on its own.The BF went with the Complete crepe, which has ham, gruyere, and an egg. The crepe comes with a side of tossed greens. Out of the two, the mussels were the hands down winner. A lot of people ordered the burger, so next time we'll have to try that. Service was good and the food was even better, which makes it a win-win.
Everything about my experience was lovely. I sat outside facing the street with my perfectly made latte and Merguez panini that melted in my mouth. I even spoke a little French to the very sweet waiter! It was as if I was transported to Paris for 40 minutes. Love!
The burger was pretty fantastic. We had to wait for about an hour but that wasn't really the fault of the restaurant since there is limited seating and people were taking their sweet time to finish their meals. It is a nice little place and we ended up sitting at the bar and got to watch them put our meals together. Overall a pleasant experience and I would definitely go back again. May even have to check out their sister restaurants (located right next door)
Tiny little French Bistro joint in Potrero Hill that is not such a little secret anymore. I generally like to show up late around 10pm after the gym to avoid waiting in line for up to an hour like I've done on weekends during brunch or prime dining hours. This is how all French Bistro food should taste; I usually order the same famous dishes here being a creature of habit and have never been disappointed. French onion soup, comes out piping hot in a little pot, with tons of baked on chewy Emmental cheese, the onions are thick and not too salty which is just the way I like itMusselsBurger- Imo they have my favorite bistro style burger in all of SF, it goes best with a melted slice of creamy brie on top to balance out the French roll. Ok so here's the other secret... ask for an egg on top, you won't be disappointed. The manager with the blonde hair is generally very busy doing at least five things at once, but he always gives great service and keeps the quality of the food at a very high standard.
I'm pretty sure there will be a wait regardless of what day you go because the place itself can hold a maximum capacity of ... 20 people (and this may even be over estimating the number of seating). With that said...This is by far one of my favorite brunch places to go to.The FRENCH ONION SOUP is orgasmic. It's served on a super hot ladle, topped with baked crusted cheese, loaded with a generous amount of onions, and there's pieces of bread IN the soup. So forget about the fuss of dipping your bread into the soup, it's already sitting there waiting to get in your belly. :) I've also had their vegetarian panini and eggs benedict, both are delicious, but honestly.. I'm already blown away and full from the soup EVERYTIME that anything I eat after that won't be able to compare.
I love this place. If it wasn't so crowded i'd go here all the time. The staff is great and the food is amazing.
WOW...i just called to ASK if they take reservations and the guy was super rude and then hung up on me. Ive been here a few times for lunch when my office was in the dogpatch. food is good, but i do remember the server being super rude.
Chez Maman is an oldie but goodie. French themed posters line the wall of this small and intimate French bistro. There's a couple tables to dine al fresco. Came for lunch yet it may be better for a low key date night. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD)Leave it to the French to transform an American staple, a burger, into something special. They hand form the burger and add shallots, parsley, and other herbs to the meat. Then grill and add a house aoli to a square ciabatta roll that's soft yet durable to handle juicy goodness. I ordered mine with cheddar and they top it with some good stuff and finish off in a salamander. Easily, top 5 burger in the city. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD)The accompanying "French" fries come in typical french fashion, sprinkled with herbs. For not being a "fries" guy, they were really good.Kinda out there but whenever the French can make something as weird sounding as a fish burger with bacon and egg taste really good. You know the French are doing something right. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD)
Even during the "off" hours of 3pm on Saturday, the tiny place still has a wait. The establishment is tiny with only bar seating for about 10, table seating inside for 4 and outside for 4. Dining here is perfect on a cold day, especially if you sit at the bar, because the heat from the cooking warms you up. You also see why it takes so long to get seated. All the food is cooked slowly and with much care.Like everyone says, the french onion soup is really good! At times, it is a bit salty but not enough for me to shove it aside. Just keep dipping your complimentary bread in it. The size is in between a cup and a bowl and if you're planning to get an entree, share the soup with someone. I tried both the Savoyarde crepe (bchamel sauce, tomato, prosciutto, brie) and the Basic Burger with cheddar. Both left me wanting more flavor. I can't believe that's how it's supposed to be after reading other Yelpers' reviews.Don't get me wrong, I love the feel of this place and the service is really great! I would gladly come here with a book and order the french onion soup alone.
Very nice restaurant
Supremely delicious! Almost impossible to keep 5 Stars when you have 1340+ reviews, but this place deserves the 5 for the great food, speed and atmosphere. Burger and Banana Nutella Crepe were both awesome!
Another bookmark checked off! Chez maman - you were not a disappointment. Small place - we came for dinner on a Saturday night & waited for maybe 25 minutes. They have 2 little tables outside and inside there is a large counter that people sit & eat at. Kind of a fancy diner feel. I'd say the whole place seats about 20 people at most. I of course opted for the basic burger with the Brie cheese add on ($12.50). And no other way to have a burger than with fries on the side, the other option being salad. The fries were awesome! Very similar to how French fries are in France - very thin & crisp. I loved them! They also gave us aioli dipping sauce. OMG. Love. Now to the burger. Medium rare perfection! It was cooked perfectly to my request. Juicy goodness & oh my did the Brie pair nicely with it! It was such a good meal. I felt no guilt afterwards. Service was friendly and nice. He complimented me on my choice of meal and also on my appetite after he saw a clean plate after I ate. Gourmet burger at it's finest!
I had Chez Maman bookmarked as a restaurant I wanted to try for its burgers for years. Finally last Saturday, after a visit to Mr. And Mrs. Miscellaneous and before picking up my beloved dog at the SF VCA, I stopped in for the ultimate comfort food.I ordered a plain burger with a lightly dressed salad. yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD I'd read that the fries are remarkable here, but c'mon, I'd just had gourmet ice cream. I may have been stress eating, but I wasn't going to go totally nutso.I got the burger cooked how the server recommended, which was medium, and pink in the middle. yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD It arrived with grilled onions and on a ciabatta bun, which was nice. I suspected my waiter was French. There was mayo on my burger, but only ketchup upon request. yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD I wondered if my request for ketchup offended his French sensibilities, though he brought it gracefully.The burger tasted good. Solid and comforting, not the best burger I ever tried, but tasty. The salad was fresh. It's small here, so I can see how it can get crowded. The place has a relaxed vibe. I sat at the counter and watched them cook. yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVDThe menu lists all kinds of burgers, including veggie, chicken, and more. I wished it provided more details. For instance, is the veggie burger house made? What is the source of the meat here? I didn't want to be in Yelper mode and quiz the server about the menu, and I ordered a plain burger. I appreciated the variety of toppings available including avocado and many cheeses (especially goat cheese), but decided to go simple on that visit.This little French bistro was featured on "Check Please, Bay Area." I'm glad I finally got to try this special neighborhood gem, and hope to return to try other items on the menu.
The tomato and proscuitto panini was very disappointing. There was barely any tomato or proscuitto and I could only taste the pesto. I should have ordered their popular burger instead.We also had the Les Moules Mariniere, or mussels cooked with light sauce made from white wine and garlic. It was a decent dish but thats not what I want to talk about today. Honestly though, you guys need to stop cooking with Franzia. (WE CAN SEE YOU COOK so cut it out). I am sure most people are like me and cannot tell the difference but its slightly repulsive to see you pour boxed wine from safeway onto my mussels. You get two stars for service but the food is sorely lacking.
Stumbled across this place and was pleasantly surprised by its quaintness and atmosphere.Went during a quiet time of the day (3pm) so it was easy to get a table, but this place is VERY small so I'm sure there is a wait during peak times. The food is decent for the price which is decent for San Francisco. Apparently this is a famous spot, so I'm glad i've been! Nothing fancy, it is what it is - a cool cafe with decent food in a cool part of town.
5 Stars for the Burgers! Deliciously fresh/ mouth watering juicy burgers. 1 Star for seating-- be prepared to sit approximately 4 feet from the grill. Interesting seating arrangement, but I felt like my face was baking the whole time due to the oven & grill heat.
Was there for brunch. Thus visit proved good dinner doesn't necessary mean good breakfast. The eggs benedict with salmon was the WORST I had in the bay area. One if them was boiled till hard and the other was so disgustingly watery. I can't even imagine how they made this kind of mistake. My friend had the rawest omelet we've ever seen. So please don't go there if you want to start your day with a fulfilling breakfast.
the food is always on point! so damn good! And the way the entire staff works sowell together in a space smaller then my walk in closet. I have eaten here overa dozen times and the service is excellent as it the food.
Was stuck in traffic in the area and used Yelp to find us a decent restaurant. Glad I did! This place is a gem that I never would have found out about otherwise. Excellent food in a tiny place. The main courses looked tasty but we weren't THAT hungry so I decided on the basic burger with brie cheese instead. Loved the food and the whole vibe of this place and will come back again. Likes: Basic burger with Brie Cheese, Salad with dressing and added balsamic vinaigrette. Dislikes: Really wish they had more tables.
Wait: I waited a little less than 30 minutes on a Thursday night. I probably arrived around 8ish. We put our name on the list hanging, and the guy told us it'll be about half an hour. When he came out again, we noticed the tables outside were clean and we said we don't mind eating outside. The location is very small, so that's why there's a long wait. There's only 2 or 3 tables outside, I think there's only 6 seats total. There's a heater outside above the table, so it isn't as bad as it seems, since it was a cold day when I came!So I ordered the Basic Burger (cooked medium) with Brie and Egg, with fries. I absolutely LOVE the aioli that came with my basic. I used it for the burger and with my fries. The fries are thin and crispy, and delicious. It taste sooo good with the aioli!! Put the aioli everywhere!! Forget about the ketchup on the table, it's all about the aioli!!So the burger was actually bigger than I expected. For some reason, I thought it'll be really small but I thought it was relatively large. I usually expect expensive burgers to be tiny, but I am happy with the size and the flavors. Burger was juicy and delicious. Parking is also relatively easy. We found parking on the street. My advice to you: If you come, just get a burger because the aioli is sooooo good. I just want to put it on everything!!
Probably one of the funniest restaurants I've been to In sf factoring in the great food and amazing service. You can even watch the chef cook super fast. Appetizer: baked Camembert with toasted French bread crackers, and a toasted garlic bun that you could squeeze it's delightful contents onto your cheesy cracker. Dinner: I got a perfectly cooked pork chop atop Brussels with an amazing creamy apply bacony roux sauce. Bf had steak frites. Shared amazing garlic mashed potatoes. Servers were funny and French and made terrific wine suggestions.this place is like home cooked French dining in a laid back environment, the place is super tiny and there is usually a 30-45 minute wait, but I still loved it and can't wait to go back.
It took me a while to decide as to how to actually rate this place... I feel as though as there is a misconception as to how great this place is based on all the high expectations. I came to this place solely because I saw it on yelp one day and bookmarked it... which sat there forever and a day. So one day I was in the city and in the area. So I decided to stop by this place! I realized I had been here once before but the line was so long and my party was so hungry that we had to go somewhere else.This place is a very quaint... hole in the wall style place. If it wasn't for yelp, I would have definitely missed this place. I ordered the burger with brie and egg along with their famous onion soup. The soup was on the sweeter side but had just the right amount of onion and cheese. I thought it was good although my friend didn't think it was anything special. The burger was quiet good as well. However, it was because of all the herbs and spices used... the burger itself was quite "earthy".... It is hard to describe it any other way. Maybe that's how a french burger tastes like? Regardless the burger was cooked just right and the fries were thin and had a nice crisp. I also got to try the savory crepe as well (forgot the name). I thought it was quite creamy and very savory. Not much sweetness to it and it seemed pretty good. My meal was great, but not amazing as countless others have said.The seating is extremely limited. Typically you'd want to come with one other or have a party of four MAX. I believe I saw two sets of tables which could accommodate two parties of four. Otherwise it's bar seating right where they cook. Although this is nice... there are a few seats where it feels as though my face is on fire from the heat in the kitchen. Especially on a cold day, the seat next to the door gets extremely crowded. Service is good, especially for it's size and space constraints.With all the other great restaurants in SF... it's hard to justify this place being "as good as it gets" or a place I'd come to all the time if I could. Is this place a good place to chow? I'd say yes... the burger and all the other food is worth trying. Is this a place I'd go out of my way for or to suffer through a long line for? Probably not. I'd come again if I were in the area when it isn't prime chow time. 3.5/5 rounded down to balance all the rave reviews.
Chez Maman made my belly so so so happy.-Attentive, friendly service-Quality ingredients-French bistro/comfort foodI came here as a party of 3 on a Friday evening. We were seated at the bar after about a 40 minute wait. Chez Maman does not take reservations - and there is very limited seating. Not a good place for large groups! Best to come with just a party of 2.What we had:1. BAKED CAMEMBERT WITH ROASTED GARLIC & TOAST POINTSStraight to the thighs but I don't care! This was so scrumptious. Melty cheesy decadent goodness.2. SOUP OF THE DAY (FRENCH ONION SOUP)They broil this perfectly. Just the right amount of melted cheese on top. The bread inside was not too soggy, and was still somewhat crunchy when we first cut into the top, which is the way it should be!3. CROQUE MONSIEUR4. BASIC BURGER w/ BRIE5. CHICKEN, PISTOU, AIOLI, ROASTED PEPPERS PANINI6. FRENCH FRIES w/ AIOLIEverything we ate was absolutely delicious and so filling. This is French comfort food at it's best! If you want to partake in dishes beyond basic sandwich/burger fare, there are also more substantial entrees on the menu.Also - their champagne is VERY GOOD. Get yourself a glass!!!I can't wait to come back.
Sunday brunch was delicious and service was excellent. I ordered the two eggs any style which comes with toast and your choice of a side salad or roasted potatoes. The potatoes are not your typical roasted potatoes--they are crisped to perfection (crispy yet light and not oily). The toast is also yummy and I like that they don't douse it in any butter. I ordered my eggs over easy. They eggs were a bit under for my liking but I would still consider them over easy. The service was attentive and I left happily stuffed. A definite recommendation for brunch.
Yummy! The beef in their burgers are well seasoned and fresh. I ordered my meat medium. It was so flavorful and satisfying!
The food is really great. This place is small and simple, maybe 15 seats total. It's all about the food. I will be back.
The BEST! I've never reviewed at the hopes this would stay a hidden gem but honestly, everyone should experience Chez Maman at least once. Always worth the wait! Relax. Get a glass of wine, sit outside, and be happy knowing you're about to have the best [burger, steak, lamb, pork chop, salmon, mussels, crepe, onion soup, goat cheese salad, fries] you've ever had. It's a cozy setting and the service is authentic and always impeccable.
We stopped for lunch on a weekday afternoon. The waiter was very nice and the vibe sitting outside was relaxed. I ordered a hamburger and I have to say my expectations were pretty high based on reviews and the menu descriptions. Unfortunately, it was just ok. The meat was dry and a little overwhelming with all the added herbs and things in the patty.
I love this place! I wish it was bigger though but heh, it's San Francisco. My husband and I both work near this spot and have been 2-3 times and have always had a lovely experience. Their customer service is excellent! I appreciate that greatly since I work in customer service as well. They are cheery and helpful and super French and charming. Love them all. So clich but I lived in Europe as a child/young adult and I seriously feel like I'm in Europe when I'm here and that makes me happy. We went here for our anniversary the other night and our waiter was super sweet, congratulating us and then gave us dessert wine. Such a pleasure! THANKS!!
Tucked into the neighborhood of Potrero Hill is one of my all-time favorite restaurants. I am not sure whether its that I can sit on the one of maybe ten barstools that overlook the three to four chefs working their magic, or whether its that the food served is top-notch in both quality and presentation...maybe its both! My mouth is still watering from lunch today: Les Moules, fresh bread, and french fries with aioli. I always have a hard time deciding between that, and what I would call the best burger in the City! I've only had the creme brle once; however, it was really good as well. Don't even try to bring a crowd to this location. It seats a total of hmmm, maybe 15-20, half of which sit at the counter, a quarter at small indoor tables, and another quarter on the sidewalk, which leans slightly downhill (but is protected from the wind and has heaters).I look forward to the next time!
Perfect sorta-late-night joint. Mouthwatering French food -- read: croque madame -- and a great selection of greasy options (burgers, fries, etc). Love the super dark, bar style atmosphere. The beer is awesome.
Place is really really tiny but the magnitude of the food simply makes you forget about the size of the restaurant. I LOVE Chez Maman! I drive for Lyft and I've been recommending this place to everyone!
Mmmmm! Came here at 12:45pm on a Thursday and didn't have to wait. Got seated immediately at the bar where I was able to watch the cook create all the delightful dishes. :)Definitely one of the best salmon burgers I've ever had. The ciabatta bread they use is so crunchy and adds a great texture to the salmon burger. Add avocado and you'll have yourself a merry little time. The fries here are also pretty good. I think they're well -known for their mussels because I saw everyone ordering them. Unfortunately I didn't get them, but try them if you go!
YUM - sooooo good. We were volunteering by the SF Food Bank and we decided to try something in the area and Chez Maman was perfect! We got lucky and snagged the last two seats at the bar. I can only imagine how crowded this place gets - so come early!I'm mostly writing this review because I had BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP EVER - 5 stars!!! Great flavor in the soup, perfectly cooked onions, and best of all - the melted cheese. My mouth is watering.. again.I loved being able to watch the chefs cook. I would definitely try the mussels or burger next time! Both looked AH-MAZING.The savory crepe was probably the most disappointing part of our meal, but only because everything else was so yummy. I also expected more out of the crepe since this is a French restaurant.
This little gem is very small, mainly bar type seating, totally not fit for brining kids to unless you sit at one of the two tables located outside right in front. The wait was long on a Saturday night but the food was amazing and well worth it. We ordered the Thai muscles aka Les Moules, the frise salad with poached egg, roasted garlic with baked Brie appetizer, a burger with Brie and an egg, and a dessert crepe with caramelized apples. Everything was cooked to perfection and very flavorful. Definitely will be going back.
Love this fancy little hole in the wall!! Pros:-FRENCH ONION SOUP-their french friess!-hot mocha!-hmmm the burger with swiss cheese was average for me..-friendly serviceCons:-the puny, tiny space :(-the wait for seating-the creme brle (don't order.. It was very dry and tasteless, all i tasted was burnt flavor from the top)
Perfect spot for two people to have lunch. There is just enough space for the counter, an open kitchen, the long counter for guest. If you like watching your food prepared, then you're in for a treat. Service is awesome and the food will warm your withered soul. I had a chicken burger with fries and finished off with a Crepe Suzette. Be prepared to be full after your entree and to share a Crepe. I wish this was closer because it was one of the best meals I've had in a while that didn't put a large dent in my wallet.
Great service! We waited about 30 mins but once we got a seat at the bar, ordering was fast... food came fast, and we were so satisfied. I ordered the veal and I think the sauce was amazing. I bet I ordered the best thing on the menu. I'm definitely going back for more. I wish they did reservations tho.
French onion soup was a 5, the melted cheese and garlic appetizer a 5 also, the burger was about a 3 or slightly better though. Overall, great place for comfort food.
One of my favorites. Pretty good eats for the price. I love the little hole in the wall restaurant and u get to watch the chefs close up in action. There is only one bar and 2 tables that prob sits 15 people max. So do expect some wait. I think their burgers are quite gourmet for the price. French onion soup was too salty. Tasty but way too salty. Give that a 3/5. Creme brle was decent. 4/5. Fries were super. 5/5 Mussels were good but not great. But I never really had crazy good mussels ever. 3/5 for that. Overall cry enjoyable with the lighted trees out front. Cute date spot.
Nice little cozy spot. Place is definitely not good for large groups I say 3 max but they have great customer service and must I say the food is quite delicious :)Definitely would recommend to friends!Tip: There's a line so be warned
Pork chop was 5/5Onion soup is very cheesy 4/5Burger 3/5Service 5/5
Juicy burger with added brie cheese and avacados, mushroom crepe and their best selling French onion soup. This place cooks with passion and expertise. Great flavors, good service and a beautiful location.
5 GIRLS: 2 French Onion Soups, Baked Camembert with Toast, Escargot, Beef Tartare, an Entre each AND Dessert to boot! And, they say girls CANNOT eat? PFFFT...On Sunday, December 19th, 4 of my gfs and I arrived at Chez Maman for dinner at 5:30 PM. Since CM is a very tiny bistro that fits about 14-18 people there was about a 20-minute wait. There are NO reservations, so I can imagine the wait being much longer on non-rainy days. Therefore, it's best to come in a party of 2. G O R G E D O N: *FRENCH ONION SOUP ($6): "THE" Best French Onion Soup I've ever had!!! A MUST ORDER!Perfect on a cold and rainy night, the French Onion Soup arrived piping hot out of the broiler, generously (a huge understatement) topped with a bubbly, golden brown swiss cheese crust. As I plunged my spoon into the soup, I had to work through the thick layer of oooey gooey cheese just to get into the beefy and savory broth with tender and sweet onions that have been perfectly caramelized. Simply put, the French Onion Soup was a *eyes rolls back into the head* good! *BAKED CAMEMBERT w/ Roasted Garlic & Toasts ($8): Umm, OMG!!! How can something so simple taste so damn good?!?!? The camembert was melted into a thick and chunky consistently but was still perfectly spreadable. Camembert is similar to a brie but less greasy when melted. Take a warm, buttered piece of toast, a clove of roasted garlic and slather some melted camembert and you have the perfect bite(s): crispness from the toast, savory rich creaminess from the cheese and a mild sweetness from the roasted garlic. *ESCARGOT DE BOURGOGNE w/ Parsley, Butter-Shallots & White Wine ($9): MmMm, Good! The burgundy escargot arrived in its shell with snail tongs and a specialty fork to scoop out the goodness. Similar to the texture of a chewy and tender clam, the escargot took on the burst of flavor from the sweet shallots with a hint of garlic and had a pop of earthy freshness from the parsley. *BEEF TARTARE w/ Quail Egg & Toasts (full order - $15): One of the BEST beef tartares I've ever had! The crisp buttered toast was the perfect texture contrast to the tender tartare that was married with a subtle tang of the mustard, a slight saltiness from the capers, a subtle sweetness from the shallots and a rich creaminess of the raw quail egg.*CM'S BASIC BURGER w/ Roquefort Cheese & Bacon ($11 + $1.50 for each topping): A Carb and Carniwhore's DREAM...The beef patty was perfectly grilled to a medium, topped with melted roquefort cheese and 2 crisp slices of bacon and nestled between a toasted ciabatta roll gently slathered with a creamy garlic aioli sauce. The ciabatta was crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, yet held up very well to patty and toppings. The beef patty was juicy, moist and flavorful but not greasy. Bits of parsley in the patty brightened up the flavor of the rich beef while the roquefort (sheep's milk blue cheese) gave a punch of creamy pungency and the bacon, a subtle smoky flavor. The aioli tied everything together with its rich, garlicky tang. You have a choice of fries or a salad with your burger. Since I was already clogging my arteries, I thought, "Eff the salad, and bring on the fries!" I wasn't a fan of the fries as they were arrived room temperature so they were lacking the fresh-out-of-the fryer crispness to them. *CRME BRULEE ($6): The PERFECT sweet ending to our meal! The rich custard was topped with a perfectly torched caramelized sugar shell. The crisp shell gave a nice contrasting crunch to the velvety smooth custard with a wonderfully subtle and complex flavor from the sweet and aromatic vanilla beans.  S E R V I C E:As a bistro, CM's service was prompt and efficient. With just 2 cooks, they cranked out our orders in a very timely fashion with little or no wait time from one dish to another. The owner/manager checked on us numerous times, making sure that empty plates were cleared and our water glasses were ALWAYS filled. A M B I A N C E / D E C O R:A no-frills neighborhood gem, CM is a very small and cozy bistro with seating for 4 at the table, 10 at the bar and 4 at the table outside. Plain and simple, it IS a place you come to get mouth-watering French fare and that's it!P A R K I N G:Situated in Potrero Hill amidst other small restaurants and cafs, finding street parking is relatively easy but can be a little more difficult during peak dining hours on the weekends, especially when the weather is nice. I honestly CANNOT remember a time when EVERYTHING I ordered was simple and delicious, yet with a depth of bold flavors that is so memorable that it makes me feel like I'm savoring the meal at this very exact moment...Ahhhh Chez Maman, Je suis dans l'amour avec vous! *goggly eyes*
My son selected this restaurant to celebrate my birthday and was so glad that we came here for dinner. My wife had called to make a reservation and learned that they do not take them as this location is tiny located in the hip Potrero Hill area of the city. Chez Maman is classified as French cuisine however, it was not traditional French fare which is what I liked as the diverse menu had something for all our tastes.We arrived at 6:30 pm and we were met by Oliver who appeared to be the manager extraordinaire as he did everything from seating guests, serving, bussing, and orchestrating the kitchen which by the way was a huge plus for me as I love watching "exhibition cooking."  For you kitchen aficionados, the line is narrow with two cooks and a prep salad/appetizer cook manning the 4 burner stove, salamander, etc. If possible score a counter seat when you come here. Oliver and I briefly talked while I was waiting to be seated and I mentioned that it was my birthday. After a short wait, we were seated at the counter and after reviewing the menu we chose the mixed salad with goat cheese, slices of hard boiled egg, tomatoes, pistou and balsamic dressing; grilled salmon cooked medium rare with roasted potatoes; mussels, French Onion soup (and I thought Nordtrom's French Onion soup was good) and the brie burger with avocado and pommes frites. I also order two glasses of wine and Oliver gave me an additional glass at no charge as a birthday gift (cheers for that move!). Watching the 2 cooks and prep cook with Oliver weaving between them and the counter was like watching a cab driver skillfully navigating rush hour traffic.We did not have dessert as the family had purchased a cake from Baked which was two shops away from the restaurant. This is a definite place to come back to and for all you foodies who are visiting the city and are in the hip Potrero Hill area - Chez Maman is a MUST!
I'm so happy I stumbled across this place today!We dropped by shortly after opening, so it was barely crowded at all (perfect, as seating is extremely limited). The entire menu is full of incredible-sounding dishes, but I took multiple Yelpers' advice and ordered the basic burger with brie and a fried egg.Oh.my.god. This has got to be one of the best burgers I've had, no exaggeration. The meat was cooked rare, to utter perfection. Thick slices of brie were placed on top while it was being grilled, and shortly after, the entire thing was put into a broiler (?) for melty goodness, then pulled out and topped with an egg. The burger is served on a soft, delicious, pillowy bread roll. The burger comes with a side of caramelized onions, fresh greens, sliced tomatoes, and frites cooked and seasoned perfectly. I left utterly full, but extremely content.On a side note, we also got the beef tartare as an appetizer, which was just as delicious as the burger. It has a bit of a kick to it, and comes topped with a raw quail egg - simply superb.The entire restaurant is so charming, and sitting at the bar means you get the pleasure of watching each dish being crafted. I hope to return again on my next trip up to SF!
From start to finish my experience at Chez Maman was nothing short of spectacular. The food was amazing, the service was top notch, and if I hadn't known any better I would have thought I had been teleported to some super cool Parisian restaurant. We got lucky with seating and didn't have to long, as a couple stood up from the bar as soon as we arrived, so within minutes we were noshing on some freshly baked bread and some delicious butter. From there we moved on to the French Onion Soup and Baked Camembert, and finished things off with the Burger, Fries and Moules Poulette. All of which were AMAZING!!!VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
YUM! I don't normally love every dish I eat at a restaurant, but Chez Maman blew me away. Although each dish was simple, but yet left a lasting impression on me. Four of my girlfriends and I came here Sunday evening. Chez Maman is a SMALL (emphasize on the word small!) restaurant. After a 25-30 minute wait, we sat in the only two tables of two which we were able to push together and sit 3 on the booth seating and two in chairs (in addition to that seating, there are about 9-10 or so seats at the bar). They do not take reservations.APPETIZERS:*Beef tartare & dijon mustard; capers; shallots; quail egg; toast points - Delicious and tender! A quail egg was placed on top to be mixed in with the beef and placed on the accompanied toast points.*Escargot de Bourgogne with parsley, butter-shallots & white wine - Yum! Tender pieces of escargot in shells were soaked in a butter shallot sauce and coated with parsley which made it taste like a pesto sauce. *French Onion Soup (Soup of the day) - YUM! We got two orders of soup to split between the five of us and that was more than enough. The soup was absolutely delicious!* Baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points - Yummy! The camembert was heated so that the cheese was able to be scooped and spread on top of the toast points. The roasted garlic was a nice addition to the spread.ENTRE:*Croquet Madame - YUM! This was a hot ham and cheese sandwich with what I believe was a bchamel sauce and a sunny side egg was placed on top. So simple, yet absolutely delicious.SERVICE:Good. The waiter (possible owner?) made sure the many dishes were cleared off our table and that our glasses of water weren't empty.PARKINGAs most of the area is residential, parking is relatively easy. Don't expect to park extremely close, you may have to walk a couple of blocks. No doubt I'll be back!
3 1/2 stars.I got the burger, with bacon and brie. I liked the flavor of the patty, though it could have been slightly more plump and juicy for me. I wish the bacon had been more crisp, and the brie more melted.I tried a bite of the Nicoise salad - it had a little too much dressing for me.We sat at the bar, and I enjoyed watching the chef make various dishes. My takeaway was that they appear to make some very good food, and I'd like to return to try other things.
This place got dope ass muss-kles. The veal is tight too. Git it man
I love that they make your food right in front of you. Everything I have had was really good, whether it's salad, crepes, moules-frites, or burgers. I don't like mussels (it's a texture thing, I know, I'm weird), but dipping fries and bread into the broth is the best thing ever.
Really cool open kitchen!This is one of those places you expect to see on Anthony Bourdain's show. It's small, unique and just an awesome time despite the bar seating only.The owner is french, and I'm pretty sure has killed people prior to opening this place (kidding! I have no clue whether thats true or not).Check it out, its worth it!
Obviously, the fact that this place is really wonderful is no secret. I adore this restaurant, and it is one of my absolute favorite places to eat in San Francisco. It is on my 'final meal' list. Here's why: this restaurant has it all. Food, service, atmosphere. All of the components of a great restaurant are there.Atmosphere. It's cozy. Tiny-cozy. Cozy-tiny. Really best for 2 people. You can sit at the counter and watch the restaurant work, your server making his way past the cooks, your cooks making your delicious meal. Or you can sit at the table outside, or the nook inside. But really the counter is where it's at.Service. I love our server (we're usually there for lunch). He's always perfect. Not too friendly, or un-friendly, just a great server who knows his craft. We've been for dinner, and while I love the fella at lunch, he's only one notch above the lovely fella at night.Food. Burger, chicken burger, french fries, mussels... everything I have had has been delicious. I have to admit, I rarely stray from the above listed, since they are all so awesome.
Chez Papa Resto for my birthday last year, and Chez Maman this year - unintentional birthday tradition? Showing up with May I two weeks ago, we were taken aback by how small the restaurant was: indoor seating consisted entirely of bar seating, with two actual tables outside, under some heat lamps.After a short wait (because no one wanted to sit out in the cold), we ended up ordering their:* Baked Camembert ($8) [ flic.kr/p/cQ7LyJ ] - My first time trying this, it consisted of some toasted baguette slices for you to spread the Camembert and roasted garlic onto, along with a side of salad. Being lactose intolerant, I usually try to avoid these types of dishes, but it was definitely enjoyable.* Fettucini Carbonara ($14) [ flic.kr/p/cQ7LZN ] - This dish was stellar. I haven't had enough carbonara to make fair comparisons, but this was some of the tastiest pasta I've had to date. Creamy, rich, but not overly seasoned or salty - at first anyway, because once taken home as leftovers, it becomes a little too heavy and salty.* Basic Burger with Brie ($11 + $1.50) - While not the best burger I've ever had (the honor of that goes to the now-closed Thermidor), it was definitely very good. My main issue with it was that the proportion of bread to meat/substance was a little bread-biased, which ended up subduing the meat flavors.***Accessibility Info***Venue - As mentioned previously, indoor seating is entirely elevated bar seating, and thus, not accessible. However, there are two tables outside that are perfectly accessible, albeit situated on the slope that is 18th Street.Bathroom - I didn't check them out, and I'm not even sure they had one, but I'm skeptical either way, given the inaccessibility of the restaurant proper.
No lie... This is my favorite resturaunt in the World!! Ok well at least my top 2 in the world! Every piece of food I've ever ate here blew me away.. The "Brie Burger"?? Whhhhhattt... So Good make u WANNA SMACK YO MAMA!The "Fettucini Carbonara"?? Whhhattt... So Good make U WANNA SMACK YO DADDY!The "White Wine Mussels"?? Whatttt... So Good Make u WANNA SMACK YO GRANDMA!!The "Eggs Norvegian" Whhhattt... So Good make U WANNA SMACK YO GRAND DADDY!!But now... The FRIES DIPPED IN THAT GARLIC AIOLI???!!! WHAATTT!??? NOW THAT SH!T WILL CHANGE UR LIFE!!!One of the best resturaunts in the World!
YUMMYyummy food. Small place, only seats 14. We went during off hr @2:30pm for lunch. Clean place. Great service. U can watch chef cook=Delicious !
Let me start by saying - based on all of the Yelp reviews, I flew with my dad from New York to San Francisco to take him to Chez Maman for lunch. Best decision all year!My dad's birthday was coming up, and we're both fairly frequent fliers with conflicting schedules, but I wanted to do something special for his 75th. He'd lived in Paris throughout the '60s and loved real French cooking, and a little lark of an idea formed - let's fly somewhere random for a fantastic French meal. Cue us both boarding a 7AM JFK-SFO flight, landing at 10:30 AM. A quick coffee in the Delta Sky Club and pick up my National car rental, and we were at Chez Maman shortly before noon, and amongst the only people there. Took the end of the bar, introduced ourselves to the French-speaking manager, who remembered me having called a few weeks prior and welcomed us warmly. Between the two of us, we had an exceptional French onion soup and an extraordinary baked camembert as appetizers, followed by a fantastic grilled salmon and dreamy veal with creamy white wine sauce. A bottle of white wine paired with it was exactly spot-on. Two hours of fabulous lunch were spent working our way through this meal, while chatting with the manager and just generally people-watching. A quick espresso and paying of the bill had us ready for the drive back to SFO for the 4PM return flight to JFK. According to my father, it was the best true "country" French meal he'd had in decades, and I would have to agree. Everything - down to the roasted garlic that was alongside the camembert - was perfect. My father was over-the-moon happy, and I wore a silly grin for some time remembering it.Chez Maman is down to earth, fairly priced, and their food is truly remarkable. We flew 5100 miles in one day just to have lunch here, and would gladly do it again.
Out of this world burger.That's all I can muster right now. WIll come back later to add more details after I recover from the sheer awesomeness of this burger. Wow.
This is one of my new favorite restaurants. I love the atmosphere of these type of tiny places where there is one waiter (who happened to be very french and awesome), one long bar with counter seating, and everything being cooked right in front of you. I don't know how they do it but they make the most simple ingredients taste absolutely amazing. I started out with the french onion soup (how could I not?) and it is the best I have ever had. So yummy and perfectly prepared, I could see coming here and ordering that with a glass of wine on a cold wintery day (of which there are plenty in San Fran). Next up was their salmon with fingerling potatoes... oh lord. The salmon was melt in your mouth deliciousness and I ate until way past when I should have stopped because I didn't want to miss a single bite.The waiter was completely on top of his game when we went. He was attentive without hovering, made sure that everyone had clean silverware and pull drinks, and made small talk with everyone to make sure they felt welcomed and comfortable.Taste: Some of the best food I have EVER hadPrice: reasonableAmbiance: clean yet tiny little hole in the wall with one long counter, extremely intimatePaleo/Gluten Free: you could easily make this paleo friendly, but don't limit yourself if you don't have toOverall: I wish I lived in SF so I could frequent this place.
Not sure why I decided to give this place another try but I did. Nonetheless, service was still terrible! We asked to move to a table because sitting in front of the grill on a hot day was uncomfortable. He said.. "Okay, pick your stuff up and move then". I didn't let that bother me. He just kept giving us snarl remarks but I just took it. As I was getting full, I asked if I could please get a box and the check. He puts the check on the table and drops the box on my hand as it was in mid air. To top it off, my box fell and he just walked away. I don't care how your food is but your service was terrible. I wish I were able to give a positive review but not with this dreadful service.
I met a friend for a late lunch after helplessly browsing Yelp for ANYTHING to eat (we were both beyond ourselves with hunger). I was so hungry I could barely think. Thanks Yelp for doing the thinking for me. We were seated right away - score! - though it was 2 pm, so the lunch crowd would have already left. We sat there for a good 15 minutes chatting and catching up without any appearances by a waiter to take our order. We managed to flag down a waiter and asked if we could order, to which he nodded and quickly waved to someone else. We kept waiting. It must have been at least 20 minutes before the French man finally made an appearance. He was friendly and enthusiastic, a little difficult to understand because he talked quickly, but we could see passion and eagerness in his facial expressions. I ordered the basic burger and my friend got the chicken burger. Everything was tasty! Yay for garlic aioli!! We took turns checking each other's faces for white flour from the sandwich bread and devoured our meals. I had been eyeing the desserts on the menu from the start and couldn't resist - I had the chocolate mousse, my friend had the creme brulee. You could smell the aroma of caramelized sugar and see the waiter blow torch the dessert right behind the counter. Neither of us could finish what we ordered but they were delicious! The creme brulee especially. I'd give the food 5 stars, service 3 stars. The French guy was the type of waiter you could laugh and converse with, but it would have been nice to enjoy his company sooner rather than later.
Still the best, Laurent is the man. Always #1 on the date night circuit for my husband and me.
I have to begin with the fact that this place is probably a hidden gem in sf.On my recent trip to sf i had a meet up with my foodie ex-bf and he recommended to check this place out. though it was freezing cold outside and the restaurant is super tiny and we had to wait for about 40 minutes outside to be seated, totally worth the wait.for appetizer we ordered the grilled brea and it was perfection.I still sometimes dream about it, and for food we both got burgers ( made on real fire) , i got it with brea and i guess he got it with cheddar.Amazing burger but i had better ones before.In general i loved the place,so cozy and french, and our waiter was an absolute charmer.
Hmm.. I'm sitting here thinking if my somewhat bad service should reflect taking out another star (but I'm going to leave it, 2 bad service stars should suffice!)IT WAS VALENTINES MORNING and I was so excited to go eat out, since my bf sleeps days and works night. How excited? I made my way in the restaurant and the not so nice french guy yelled from across the room that they were still closed. We waited outside till 5 more parties joined us (about 15 mins after their posted opening time). As we walked in being the 1st party no one was there to direct us where to go so I projected my voice across the room and asked if we just seat anywhere, and the guy just gestured his hand across the room. SO, everyone just sat anywhere. It's a tiny place so it only seats ~12 inside.I was just so baffled at how rude the guy was he doesn't smile, doesn't greet, just is laser-focused to get things done. (I get it, I work at retail, I don't like fake smiling to customers, but if you are going to be around me for an hr just fake it). side note: I noticed the last couple that came in were the first to get their order and food out, before we even got our order. SO, if you get to decide where you sit, sit on the counter closest to the bathroom.ANYWAYS! TO THE FOOD!!Appetizer: Baked CamembertEntree: (1) Grilled Salmon       (2) Mariniere Mussels with side of friesIn all the food was overall good. The appetizer was the best thing, gooey cheese and Oh so sweet roasted garlic slopped on a crunchy crostini. Messy to get the garlic cloves out, but oh so good. The salmon and the mussels were defiantly average.I'd say this was a one-time restaurant for me, one of the worst service and they just serve ok food. "TO EACH HIS OWN" (-my high school french teacher would say)
The REAL DEAL! After reading Wilhelm Y.'s recent review, my friend and I stopped in for lunch the very next day. Parking was not very difficult as he found a space 1.5 blocks away. Looking for the restaurant was a bit challenging as it's been a while since I've come to this neighborhood. Just down the block from Chez Papa, the restaurant was abuzz with diners lining the counter. We were fortunate to get one of the two tables inside the restaurant (there are tables on the sidewalk). My order was a no-brainer: 1) French Onion Soup - A large crock, topped with crusty and stringy cheese, held a generous portion of perfectly seasoned onion soup. If only the soup were a bit warmer than lukewarm.(yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD) 2) Basic Burger with Frites (add Fried Egg and Brie) - A medium sized patty was seasoned very well and topped a crunchy, rustic bun. The Fried egg was a great add, though my choice of Brie made it a bit rich (my bad). (yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD) Both my friend and I enjoyed our lunch. The frites portion was very generous so I shared them as my friend ordered the salad instead. I learned that my perfect burger is one that highlights the meat flavor, not so much the seasoning. This meal was delicious and definitely warrants another trip. The dilemma will be whether to order the other menu selections or trying another burger combination. .
French onion soup is not extra salty.. Chicken burger comes with a taste of heaven's best ingredients and just the right amount!YUM YUM YUM!! A well deserved 5 stars chez maman!!
If I could give zero stars I would. I live in the neighborhood and after having a lovely meal at Umi (the best sushi in SF) my bf and I decided to get another drink. We walked into Chez Maman at 10:15 on a Sunday night and sat at the bar. We attempted to just order a glass of wine and were told 'we are a restaurant not a bar. I have no time to deal with you.' If it had been crowded I would've understood but it wasn't and all we wanted to do was get a glass of wine at a neighborhood establishment. So very disappointed that we were treated so rudely. Will NEVER go back.
How much for a burger?Now I've either gotten lazy or this clip is completely apropos for this review as well as my other burger review:youtube.com/watch?v=eV31In short, this place serves a pretty f-ing good burger.
friendly and authentic (hard to fake that French accent and brusque attitude). great addition to an incredibly charming neighborhood.crepe was very solid, worth repeating. steak was cooked just to the right tenderness. my friend had the clams and by the way he cleaned that up, they must have been outstanding.overall fantastic bistro and nice atmosphere and excellent food.
12/31/13 It's New Year's Eve and we are walking around Mission at 10 PM. Where should we go. Well thank you little Yelp App on my phone because you chose a winner winner french dinner.Great place, very friendly staff. Exceptional service and the food is to die for....literally. Rich and Delicshhhhhhh.The French, Mexican and Burger Cornucopia menu may throw you. But when you make great food the cuisine is merely optional.
French onion soup review ONLY - SERVED ONLY ON WEEKENDS!I know that they are known for their unique burgers but that would only bring down my desire to give them 5 stars so thus the disclosure at the top!If you're feeeeening for some onion soup, this is the place to go. They ONLY serve on the weekends (Friday, Saturday, Sunday) so you will be greatly disappointed if you try and go on the weekdays.This is a a very small establishment. Bar counter and 2 tables in the front window so plan accordingly for that as well! You enter and the host is blunt, forward but ready to make your mouth drool for their amazing appetizers and soup.They make your bowl to order... They already have a pot of the broth and cooked through onions steaming hot on the stove top. They pour this into your soup crock, add the bread and completely cover the top with grated Gruyere cheese. Into the hot oven it goes for a handful of minutes and before you know it you have a steaming hot bowl of french onion soup to your COMPLETE SATISFACTION.So, when we think of the things we dislike in french onion soup....for me they SOLVE all my issues: the broth is not too salty, there is just the right amount of mustard taste, the onion slices are the perfect size, the bread does not completely soak up all the broth so you can spoon out soup to sip, the cheese is just enough so it oozes everywhere but not so that you're left chewing ONLY cheese. It's crunchy on the top too! Yeah, It's pretty much PERFECT.Go get it. And get there early ON THE WEEKEND!
The food here is amazing! Lunched here a few times and never had to wait. Great service. Food comes out quick. Small and cozy. Love this spot!
4/8/15 Update.They moved! Chez Maman has taken over the space that was previously occupied by Chez Papa. Not to fret, they literally moved half a block up the street, closer to Umi and Plow. It's actually a good and bad thing. What I loved about the old place was that it pretty much was a hole in the wall. You could sit at the bar and be right on top of the kitchen and watch the chefs cook, or have small cozy table in the corner, or attempt to enjoy your food while freezing your ass off outside. It was small and intimate but had a certain charm to it. The place is now bigger which can accommodate more people, but has lost a little on the environment which made the old place fun to go to imo. It is now more reminiscent of the Hayes Valley location. You still have to write your name on the white board at the entrance if the place is full. AND you still have to be quick when they call you out for a table, they still cycle through it quickly and go down the list fast.The brunch/breakfast menu is not the greatest but still good. I recommend coming in 4pm and after for the lunch/dinner menu. That's where it's at.Favorites:Pork Chop, Fettucini Carbonara**, salmon, fries, flat-iron steak, all good. They also participate with the order ahead service. So if driving out to potrero hill isn't inspiring much motivation, order ahead (as long as you are within 5 miles of the restaurant) and the food is still actually just as good as sitting in the place itself . Such a plus.
This is an adorable restaurant with character - via the venue and the staff. Love it.We went here for an early dinner in October and sat outside and were more than warm enough and got to enjoy the weather.I ordered the Salmon with the potatoes. These potatoes were SO good. I could have downed a whole plate of just the potatoes. The salmon was delish and the sauce on the plate was a perfect pairing of flavor. If you are looking for a cute place to go for a date and want to feel like a local, Chez Maman is the place to go.
A visit to San Francisco is never complete without a stop at Chez Maman. I think my subconscious sends me to SF just to have the amazing crepes and french onion soup they serve there. Oh, don't forget the pommel frites! Such a lovely place; Chez Maman feels like home.
When you're in the mood for beef tartare, mussels mariniere and frites, all around good food
This place has less seats than Swan Oyster Depot and with the same number ardent followers. That means party of 3 may be is too many so leave your friend's friend at home. With all the pictures of burgers on Yelp, I had high hopes for these French Burgers. It's a bit of a let down because they did everything perfect. Juicy Pink middle. Nice bun. Great Dressing. Great Fries. The patty was just too salty and herb-y for my taste. 4505 Meats remains as the best tasting burger patty on the planet for me. The escargot however, was MONEY. When it first came out, I thought they had burnt the dish. But actually, the slightly burnt smokey shell took escargot to the next level for me. Well done! Merci Beaucoup! Au Revioir!
Such a great place to eat. It's such a small and intimate space, absolutely perfect for a date. The food is mouthwatering, and since it's a small location, you smell everything that's cooking and it makes you want to eat everything. One of the best french fries I've had in the city, and the warm goat cheese salad was memorable. Definitely worth the wait.
Delicious every time I've gone. Burger, mussels, and beer !!! Pork chop is nice and tender
A delightful French Cafe with excellent prices and very nicely done entrees!
Sad to say, but Yelp has failed me yet again.I came in excited to try their infamous burger with brie. Instead, I got a fennel infused patty of meat that did not taste nor feel like beef. The texture and flavor was something between a sausage and a kebab-- can't put my finger on it. In addition to the unexpected taste, my burger came medium-well-done, not medium-rare as I had ordered.Les moules (Marniere) were nothing extraordinary. I'll even go as far to say the dish lacked any flavor whatsoever. The only thing on par was the french onion soup... Eh, I guess I can give credit to the cozy ambiance as well.Pass.
I wanted to come here ever since I saw it on a local tv show. They said that Chez Maman is suppose to have the best burger in all of SF. Well in that case, I had to come here.My husband and I came here around 7pm. Outside you write your name on the white board. There wasn't a long wait. (However we were there the day before thanksgiving)The owner was the hostess and greeted us immediately. Very friendly and up for chit chat. What's very interesting about this place is you get to see them prepare your food. Which made me even more excited to eat! For starters my husband had the escargot in white wine sauce, butter, garlic, and shallots. I had the baked cambearet cheese with roasted garlic. It was amazing!For our entree I had the basic burger which was $11, and you get to add each side for $1.50. The sides include: fried egg, avocado, goat cheese, cheddar, Brie, bacon, or Roquefort. I chose Brie, bacon, and avocado. You also get your choice with the meal a side salad or frites... The frites were thin and crispy and seasoned to perfection! My husband had the mahi mahi.. He said it was good, however was not seasoned very well.. I told him to get the burger... For the dessert, we shared the banana and Nutella crepe.. It was warm and gooey with just the right amount of bananas.We both had a glass of red wine, which I had the red zin, my hubby had the Malbec. To sum it all up, it was amazing. I would highly recommend! The burger was amazing and I can't wait to take close friends here to share!
I always thought that the day I order a burger at a French bistro is the day we have a black president. Well, my friends, both have happened. The burgers at Chez Maman are a little different in the sense that their meat patties are seasoned with herbes de Provence, given them a subtle lavender scent. Adding an egg and a French cheese like Brie on top of the burger "Frenchify" things even more...and it is good.I love French fries, I mean, fries. I doubt they call them French fries in France. The fries here have an anchovy taste, not sure if it is the frying oil they use or it is drizzled on top. This is different...and it is good.Their version of Eggs Florentine is made with a Bechamel sauce. The eggs are poached just right, with some runniness when you dive into the dish...and it is good.I am pretty picky about Crepe Suzettes, as it is one of my favorite desserts, so I have tried many variations. The one at Chez Maman is not the best I have ever had, but not bad either. If you never had one, this is a good place to start!Chez Maman is tiny, with only 10 counter seats, a table of 4 inside, and a table of 4 outside. If you get there during prime brunch or lunch time, then be prepared to be seated the next time we have a black president.
The place was small but we had no wait! All the food looked like it would be good, but we stuck with the burger. I got avocado on mine and a side salad...I def will be coming here again since I saw all the other kind of food the tables next to me got. The burger was very yummy and cooked just right. I liked how all the ingredients were fresh and the service was good.
You can't give half stars on Yelp so I'll just go a star up! On my visit to Northern California, good food was a huge priority so there was a lot of Yelp involved. With so many reviews and high ratings, Chez Maman was our last food stop of the trip.We arrived at a little bit of a rush and had to wait for about twenty minutes before we were seated at the counter. It was nice to be able to see all our food being made and a friend got to correct her order as they were making it. I got the basic burger with swiss and avocados. It was pretty good, like a standard burger. The caramelized onions were a nice addition. The aioli was delicious though. I wish I lived here so I could try the constantly mentioned french onion soup.The workers are all very friendly and make a little bit of conversation. There is a small wine shop next to this place and while we were waiting outside, their adorable dog came out to play with us. Meet Jean-Pierre.
Delightful late lunch early dinner around 4pm. So happy they were open. Had the Endives with pears, walnuts and Roquefort cheese and the Roasted Mahi-Mahi. I came alone and very hungry. My eyes are bigger than my stomach though so maybe next time I will skip the salad since I wasn't able to finish the fish. Excellent service. It was very hot inside but then again today's one of the hottest day in SF. It was beautiful to see the two French guys greet each other with two kisses on their cheeks. I miss seeing that between two heterosexual men. Oh the French! So beautiful!
Best burger and fries in San Francisco. I'm not sure what they season their burgers with, but they are extraordinary. My husband had the Croque Madam with an egg on top. Such flavor! Yum. Can't wait to return.
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Chez Maman and I believe that they deserve more than 5 stars! Due to Chez Maman's modest size, we were seated approximately 10-20 minutes after putting our name on the list. The bar-like seating allowed us to watch the cooks preparing our food. The waiter was extremely nice and constantly refilled our glasses with water and kept on checking up on us to see how everything was. My boyfriend and I ordered the cheeseburger with Brie cheese and the chicken, pistou, aoli, and roasted peppers panini. For dessert, we had the banana nutella crepe.Cheeseburger with Brie cheese - It definitely wasn't your typical burger on a bun! They served their delicious burger on bread and the delicious brie cheese just oozed out of that sucker! If you have a big appetite, you will definitely not be disappointed!Chicken with pistou, aoli, and roasted peppers panini - Good God, this was seriously the best panini I've ever had! Everything and I mean every single thing in the panini was delicious! The bread was delicious as well. Nutella Banana crepe - It was pretty much your standard crepe. I like how the batter wasn't too sweet which made the simple ingredients stand out!Everything about this restaurant was perfect. From the ambiance, to the music, to the food, to the service. I wasn't expecting much, but I was very pleased with my experience at Chez Maman. Also, the prices weren't too bad either!
3.5 star. We picked out this little place ramdomly and turned out it was the most popular choice among the neighborhood. The service was friendly although the restaurant is small with mostly bar tables. We tried the escagot, vegetarian crepe, pork chop and mussel with bacon and cream sauce.  The food quality overall was OK but not worth 4 star. The escagot came out hot and nice looking, baked with lots of fresh pasley, I just wish it had a little bit more salt. The vegetarian crepe was not what we were expected in the sauce, which tasted like ajvar. The salad was pretty nice though. The pork chop was pretty nice, thick, moist and generous in portion, but hubby wasn't too into the sauce. The mussel was generous in portion as well but somehow I felt the cream sauce was missing some refreshing flavor. Most yelpers suggested the burger. We didn't try it but from the look on the menu, it is pretty interesting and tempting.Overall it's not a bad choice. Be sure to come early as it tends to get crowded with a long queue on weekend nights.
I'm a bit of a Francophobe. You know, the Freedom Fries and Freedom Toast kind of person. I dare you, however, to look at a picture of Chez Maman's burger and not salivate. See: farm3.static.flickr.com/ The burger is $11 of tasty goodness. Something about the seasoning makes it very un-American but oh so tasty. It does not come on your run of the mill burger bun but so some softer which I preferred. Be prepared to wait if you show up at peak hours. There are only about 15 seats in the entire place and 10 of them are at the "bar" area. I will definitely be going back.
This is a great place, we went on a Sunday and it wasn't very busy so we were sat right away. Both of us ordered the basic hamburger which was absolutely delicious. There was only one waiter on duty but he had excellent customer service and was able to take care of everyone. Since it is just a three block walk from us we will definitely be back!
Love this place! It's small, about 8 counter seats and 5 tables (2 outside), with an American diner meets French bistro flare. Great burgers, huge selection of omelets, nice wine menu, CREPES (the traditional awesome kind), and friendly service (main waiter is French). It's usually pretty crowded so be prepared for a wait or head on down to their sister restaurant Chez Papa for a more formal bistrot experience.
Sauteed vegetables. Yum! I also ordered the chicken burger. Everything was going great until my first bite. After a few chews, something did not seem right. I put my fingers in my mouth to figure out what the stringy thing was working its way the front of my mouth. Turns out to be a long string of blond hair. My hair isn't close to being blond or straight, so I knew it wasn't self inflicted. Finally got the waiter's attention, who happened to be - OMG - blond. You know what I was thinking, right?He inspects the plate under the light and says he will have a new meal prepared. In the meantime, I finish up the sauteed veggies and my friends complete their meal. My fresh plate arrives by the time we were feeling like the meal was over. I ate it, but it was it did not taste as moist as the previous. Guess the hair makes the difference.In any case, I was not surprised that I was charged for the meal, but I was disappointed with the half apology and seemingly lack of sympathy for bringing the fresh when "the meal" was over. We left the restaurant without a single person acknowledging that customers were leaving or appreciation for what I through.
Oh, Come on Mama!I finally got around to knock out some bookmarks this week and one that has been on the top of my list for a very long time is Chez Maman. If you venture through the "ghetto" and climb the hills of Potrero, you'll reach this very tiny hole-in-the-wall-feel French bistro that oddly resembles an upscale version of Sam's Burgers on Broadway street.Beef Tartare with Dijon Mustard - yelp.com/user_local_phot-- One word: "MORE!"-- Two words: "Gimme that"-- Three words: "Your not sharing!"Despite the egg yolk somewhat busting before the Tartare was delivered and some of the toast points being burnt, the Beef Tartare was absolutely delicious! (see picture). Finely chopped raw steak, not overly seasoned, masked with capers and shallots, topped with the raw quail egg that paired together better than Adam and Eve, with just the right kick from the spicy dijon mustard. My girlfriend and I should have ordered a large..Chez Maman Basic (Beef) Burger - yelp.com/user_local_photMade to order (and actually, right in front of your face if your dining within), the patty is served on a Ciabatta bun which is nicely toasted inside and out, spread with Chez Maman's house aioli sauce, with your choice of frites or a side salad. Also in Chicken, Fish, or Veggie patties and additional toppings of Goat Cheese, Chedder, Brie, Roquefort, Avocado, Bacon, Egg, or Swiss for $1.50 per add.So here's was my breakdown: $11 Basic Beef + $1.50 for Cheddar + $1.50 for Avocado = an underwhelming and pricey burger that leaves you with a *sigh* on your face.. (any more toppings would have just been ridiculously expensive). Though Chez Maman uses fine fresh ingredients throughout all their dishes, the burger itself just didn't blow my mind. I requested it cooked to a medium, but after my first bite, the raw bloody patty clearly showed that it was still medium rare. The house aioli spread was to a minimum (see picture) and the only complimentary toppings for my burger were three slices of tomatoes.. Comon now, I'm paying $1.50 for a slice of cheddar cheese after all..Other dishes ordered:-- Ratatouille - A small veggie side dish consisting of zucchinis, tomatoes, peppers, and other various greens in a tomatoy sauce served cold. -- Mash Potatoes - A (huge) side of creamy and fluffy mash potatoes with hint of garlic.-- Goat Cheese Salad - A huge chunk of goat cheese, nicely warmed on the pan, and nestled above a bed of mixed greens with diced onions and a balsamic vinaigrette. Chez Maman isn't one of your dime in a dozen joints to grab a bite and eat, and the trip over here isn't quite practical either (Rerouting... Rerouting...), but if your willing enough (and planning to knock this bookmark out of the water), it just might be worth your while. Though I was disappointed with the famous Chez burger, the Beef Tartare definitely made the 20 minute city drive quite satisfying. I also did admire the hustle that was shown by the limited staff of employees, working in a cramp kitchen, creating simple yet beautiful works of food in front of my eyes, and attending to the needs of all the patiently waiting patrons. I've heard they serve up a mean French Onion Soup as well.
Went for brunch after a night of massive drunk-age and boy, did Chez Maman hit the spot! I had the crepe with prosciutto, brie, tomatoes and bchamel sauce and it was yummy. I had a bite of my friend's burger and it was juicy and flavorful. My roommate had the lamb sauce panini and it's definitely something that I would order the next time I go.The place is pretty small so it can be a bit of a wait during busy hours, but the service is intimate and friendly. It has a great neighborhood feel to it. Hope to visit again soon.
So I didn't know this at the time. Seating is mostly at the bar. They have maybe four tables two inside two outside for table service. No big deal because we like sitting at the bar. No need for heaters you are right next to the grill. You can watch your food being prepared. Went with the suggestions had a glass of rose wine while waiting for our table. (kinda cool being asked if you wanted something to drink while waiting for your seat. Wife had pork chop (so tasty.) I had the burger with the add on of goat cheese and a egg. Dang makes my mouth water just thinking about it. No room for desert. A must eat place.
This place has been on my BF and mine's list for quite some time and when we finally tried it, we were so disappointed by the food. Or simply pissed off at our taste buds for not enjoying it more.BF got the burger with cheddar and egg.I got the mussels poulette. Yes to the mussels, no to the burger. Why, you ask? It was so underwhelmingly seasoned. I can't even describe to you. It was like biting into bread and meat and you expect to taste all the yumminess that comes with that in addition to the condiments, but instead.. nothing! It's what nothing would taste like if you could taste it. But then, what do I know? Maybe this burger is awesome and I've got it all wrong.Anyways, stars go to great service and great prices! I did enjoy the mussels, so that would be my recommendation! We came at an odd hour, around 2-3pm on a Sunday, so no wait and we got to sit outside~~~~
I wish I could give this 4.5 stars.We started with the Thai Mussels, which had a slightly coconut milk taste to it. It was great, but it didn't quite differentiate itself from all the other mussels I've had. The fries were quite tasty and a must-have pairing with the mussels.For the entrees, I got a salmon crepe, which was incredibly disappointing. The salmon was overly salty and the sauce very average. I only managed to finish a quarter of the crepe before giving up and eating my SO's dish.He made the right choice and got the veal with the creamy wine sauce. The dish blew us away. The creaminess, texture, and mushrooms were all spot on. I think it was the best veal I ever had. I would certainly recommend Chez Maman- just stay away from their crepes!
Very good. Had the burger with brie. Ordered it rare but it came out closer to medium. Still tasted great but could have been a little better if cooked properly. Fries were perfectly seasoned and cooked. We also ordered the mussels with white wine and garlic sauce. These were excellent. Sauce had great flavor and the mussels tasted very fresh. Pro tip: dip the burger into the mussel sauce, it's heavenly. French onion soup was very cheesy but had great flavor. It's a cramped space but it works well. The waiter (owner?) provided plenty of entertainment and banter at the bar top. We had a 20 minute wait at 8 on a Friday. Not bad at all.
We went here on a chilly Monday night around 7 pm and there was already a waiting list on the whiteboard. After about 30 minutes, we were lucky to score one of the two two-tips inside... this is a small place.I had the pork chop with Brussels sprouts. The chop was a good size and was very nicely seared. The sprouts were nicely crunchy. But the sauce was divine. Sweet and savory and with crunchy bits of pork in it. It made the dish. My girlfriend got the fettucini with mushrooms but I wasn't offered any so it must have been good too.We both got desserts. She had the creme brle which was fine. Creamy with a nice sugary crunch, and a nice portion. I had the pain perdu which was amazing. Crunchy chewy sugar on the bottom, gooey middle, gorgeous berries, a nice syrup and whipped cream on top. We both agreed it was a top five dessert.Definitely go here but go early. It's worth it.
Escargot is great, must have. Ratatouille is awesome, definitely worth trying. Burger is great, the beef patty is flavored with some special spice, i had it medium and it's just great.
I am torn between 3* and 4 * but giving it 4 based on service.Went there with my husband for lunch based on the high reviews and ratings. We sat outside as the inside bar and the two tables were full. There was a wait outside as we waited for our food. We shared a french onion soup as starter which was amazing as was the house bread. I had a Savoyarde crepe and husband had Mahi-mahi. The crepe fillings as nice, though the crepe itself was a bit dry (probably as it is multi grain?). Mahi-mahi was strictly ok.But the chocolate mousse more than made up for the so-so meal. We wouldn't go back as the meal didn't knock our socks off and I don't think it is worth the wait. Mussels looked good - someone over the next table had them and we wished we had ordered that instead.
I don't know exactly what I expected when coming to this restaurant but I was quite disappointed with this place. Keep in mind I've only had a few of their items but it was enough for me to wish I had gone down the street to the Vietnamese restaurant. I came here with a large group not really expecting how small the restaurant was. We were all extremely hungry but we had to wait 2 hours until we were seated (food must be good right???). However, I was not impressed.The french onion soup was not orgasmic or as hyped up as it has been. I thought it was quite salty and talk about a cheese overload. Normally I like cheese on my soups but I thought this was extreme overkill.The burger I had did not impress me at all. The avocado was not ripe and made it very difficult to eat the burger. The meat tasted gamey and chewier than I would have liked. I will say I was a fan of the bread and lettuce included with the burger but those should NOT be the best parts of a burger!The fries and dessert were mediocre. nothing really stands out about these two dishes. I'm giving it three stars because maybe the other items taste amazing and deserve the 4.5 stars this place has but based on what I had....eh...
fantastic place and ambience. I love the burger that I had with regular beef burger, swiss cheese, and bacon. authentic french food combined with attention to details using fresh California ingredients. What could one ask for? I will be back to try the onion soup.My only recommendation would be to sit a bit further away from the frying pan, where oil could splatter out to the counter.
Nice little place
After all the great reviews, I thought I'd try this place out.On the way over, I couldn't stop thinking about sinking my teeth into the juicy burger they advertise - SOOO hungry...drooling...The wait was so long I forgot what I left my apartment for. After being sat, I changed my mind and ordered the crepe with shrooms and it was ok. Nothing to write to Gerard Depardieu about. Of course it can't compare to Paris, but one always has high hopes when Yelpers give 4 stars consistently!My better half got the burger and said it was good - but he thinks Jack in the Box is good too. So whatevs.Cute place, I'd come back for a second try.
A beautiful little gem that we went to on a very special late-night occasion. The trs franais server was incredibly kind to us, toasting us with Muscat white wine and indulging my rough-and-tumble French skills.I simply forgot to order the escargot because I was too busy being excited about ordering my croque madame avec un oeuf, a ham and cheese sandwich topped with a beautiful egg over easy. I appreciated the side salad of field greens, which is where I dumped most of that cheery egg goo. I also split an order of moules et frites, or mussels and skinny French fries; the moules Poulette did not disappoint, and the shallots, bacon, white wine, cream, and parsley worked harmoniously with one another, and with the deep briny flavor of the mussels. I did not care for their aioli, but I did enjoy their fries under the light of the stars. It is a small establishment, with maybe a dozen counter seats and a pair of two-top tables, and I really do recommend sitting outside because they do an excellent job of climate control (can you say sidewalk wind baffles and wall-installed directional heater?). The music was ambient techno, and it spilled out onto the sidewalk alongside many diners and crestfallen hopefuls who arrived too late to eat but still walked away with a double-cheek kiss and a friendly " bientt."The chocolate mousse was on point with a light, fluffy texture and creamy, satisfying finish. I wasn't on board with the crpe Suzette, unfortunately, because it was a bit too boozy and buttery for my tastes, but the accompanying candied orange peel pieces were quite delicious. We certainly followed the menu's admonition to "finis notres assiettes" - clean our plates - and we will definitely be back to this classic French bar food joint.
So good! Amazing service, amazing food! Food we ordered was served exactly how we ordered it, and was brought to us very promptly. Our water was refilled constantly. We had variations of the burger, both fries and salad, and two different crepes. Everything was amazing. The only thing is that it's very small inside and cannot seat very many people, so if you plan on dining with a big group, I suggest going to one of ther sister restaurants nearby. Try Chez Man West instead of East. (:
Came here on a weekday and the wait was ~20 minutes for 2 people. The place is small and most of the seating is right in front of the cooking area so it gets really hot. Also, they only had benches without any hooks so there wasn't a place to put my purse except on my lap. The food itself.....Mussels: Yummy!Burger with brie: OkFrench onion soup: Good but too much cheeseVerdict: Food is not good enough for me to sit so uncomfortably throughout dinner.
I LOOOOOVE THIS RESTAURANT! The main owner/manager is hot =DBeware that parking can be difficult and the restaurant is tiny so waiting can take up to an hour if you don't beat the rush. There is bar seating for maybe 10 and then two little tables inside for maybe 4 total and another two little tables outside for 4 total. Don't forget to sign your name on the wait list! It's easier to get in for lunch than dinner but the dinner menu has much more options!My favorite meal here is the Basic Burger which is available for brunch and dinner - medium rare with brie and avocado and fries on the side. They're super nice where if you choose fries instead of salad, you still somehow end up with a little bit of the salad and vice versa. Garlic Aoili! Yummm.. make sure you spread the avocado before biting or it'll pop right out like my little sister's did. The burger is humongous so I always have them cut it in half for me so it would be easier to eat.For brunch, I've tried the Eggs Benedict , Norwegian, and Florentine before. I prefer the Benedict out of the three. Brunch crepes are delicious and huge!For dinner, the French onion soup is a must! Also try the baked camembert and escargot. LOVE THE MUSSELS! I wish they offered it during brunch =(For dessert, go with the creme brulee or dessert crepes. All equally delicious. The only thing is that the sugar from the creme brulee was a little too much.
This was a treat. Great dinner with a light Mahi Mahi with a mango sauce. For dessert, an amazing Nutella and banana crepe. Highly recommended!
What a nice little place. Super small, but doesn't bother claustrophobic me. I looove counter seats, it gives me that quaint breakfast bar feel here. Apparently I'm on a burger diet, so I'm told, so of course I got the basic burger with an egg. It's always hard to find a place that'll cook your burger just how you want it, but they got my medium rare just perfs. It isn't much to ask for is it? The burger was great, well cooked, balanced flavors. I can't say more, but I enjoyed it thoroughly.The fries were great as well. Well seasoned and not over-salted. The service was amazing our dishes came out promptly.
When I eat here, a little part of me melts away and floats to heaven. Chicken panini with pistou, aioli and roasted peppers: the tastiest and moistest shredded chicken well-mixed with a basil/garlic/olive oil sauce. Add aioli and the peppers and it's perfection. The bread is hot and crumbles perfectly with each bite. Basic burger custom with brie and egg: nothing like your typical American burger. The cheese, egg and beef all melt away in your mouth and the bread is so aromatic and fluffy. Aioli sauce ties everything together. Creme brulee is very very good, especially with a few sips of dark coffee. The custard texture is more of creamy thick rather than silky firm, but it tastes amazing and there is a thick layer of glazed sugar.
I had a burger, frites, and escargot. It was all OK.
This place definitely satisfied my burger craving!!!Not only were we lucky enough to find parking pretty quickly but we only had to wait about 5 minutes before we were seated!We had to try the french onion soup and we also split the beef tartare since it's one of the bf's faves. The french onion soup is dangerously cheesy! The beef tartare had a really strong mustard flavor which I actually enjoyed. Both dishes were super flavorful but a little on the salty side. I had the classic Chez Maman burger with brie and a fried egg with fries (although you can also opt for salad). I was in burger heaven! That burger was DELICIOUS and cooked perfectly how I like it. It was also huge so I could only finish half.Service was speedy and attentive. YUM! Burger, do it.
I just Siri'd "best burger in sf" and Chez Maman came up #1. I realized I already ate here once and had the burger. It was quite fantastic. The melted cheese, avocado and aioli was amazing. And the meat was great. I remember thinking it was a surprisingly perfect burger considering I went in thinking I was getting something French. I even questioned the waitress if it was "right" getting the burger. She humbly said people like it. Thinking back, it certainly was a great burger. Since it was not technically a burger joint, however, it didn't register in my mind as "the best burger place." I'll have to try it again and try to compare it to the Super Dupers and In n Outs as a "burger place."
We went here on a Friday night for my wife's birthday, and there was quite a wait. Conveniently, there is a wine-by-the-glass place right next door, and you can put your name on the whiteboard queue and head there. The service is really good - albeit a bit hurried with all the rush. The waiter even closed the window since there was a bit of chill in the air (the story of San Francisco's evenings!). I got the turkey burger with goat cheese and my wife got a crepe. The burger was absolutely 5-star material, whereas the crepe fetched 4. We were really full at that point but we promised the waiter we'd go back there for dessert :)
Food is great and it's fun to watch it being prepared in front of you. We've been back several times and are working our way through the menu!
I had lunch at Chez Papa a few months ago, and now I finally have had the great pleasure of meeting Mama, she is charming, cozy and serves up an equally mean plate as Papa does. Like divorced parents, each brings a bit of something special to the table, without any reckless abandonment.. And all while managing to still play favorites with their beloved children.It was a very quaint hole-in-the-wall experience, where it is utterly impossible to avoid being hit by all the delightful smells as the chef is literally behind the counter.. although I wish the door remained closed as I was seated close by and every-time it opened it brought in a bit of a cold draft.I enjoyed a very scrumptious eggs benedict, and two kir royales for brunch this past weekend. The hollandaise sauce was rich and creamy. Luckily was able to snag immediate counter seats without a wait. I NEED to try the burger after watching a lady go to town on it across the way for a few minutes as I was waiting for the check. It was a delightfully strange but inspiring mental image that will resonate with me until my triumphant return.
Great mussels and burger (done just right). Dessert (crepe and mousse) was amazing.Liked the counter seating and the service.Haven't been to Potrero Hill before and liked the area, less crowded than most restaurant areas I expect in the city.
This place was very meh. Definitely not what I was expecting. The style & ambiance of the restaurant was great and my wife and I thought we were in for some great French food. We ordered crepes and their Chez Maman mac & cheese. All 3 items came out super dry and flavorless. I was trying to figure out how they managed to make everything so dry (even the mac and cheese). I've eaten at French restaurants in several cities around the world (including Paris) and I've never experienced French food this bland and dry before. To top that off, our waiter seemed to lose all interest in our table when I ordered espresso instead of alcohol. Not really willing to go back a second time to see if that meal was a fluke. Too many places to eat in SF that are good all the time and for far less money.
Camembert appetizer is wonderful.
The perfect hole-in-the-wall that will have your mouth salivating once you look at the gorgeous simple juicy burgers topped with brie or a fried egg on top!For $11-$12, get an American burger with a French twist, or go all Parisian and order a Croque Madame, Croque Monsieur, or various hot Paninis. Their french fries, aka "Frites" are also quite delicious!Great for brunch, a casual date, or a quick bite to eat. No reservations so get there early. There are only 2 tables inside, 1 outside (weather permitting) and the high top bar that seats about 8-10 folks.
So much better than the other French restaurant across the street (Absinthe.) Mussels were great. Savory crepe was perfect (though not my thing). Bordeaux was smooth. French lady serves the meal adds authenticity. Really, no complaint except for the couple next to me, the man kept on saying how if he put his mind to it he can do it, whatever it is. He's obviously not attractive enough to be the girl's date, but for god's sake, pick up the tab, don't freaking split it, you are in a French restaurant, show some manners. He's a typically loud American, sort of reminded one of all those other loud obnoxious Americans in Parisian cafes, which I suppose in a strange way, enhanced the Parisian experience, dropped in the middle of Hayes Valley. I'm fond of Hayes Valley because it has nice restaurants and represented a bygone era when I was young & impressionable & completely swept away by a man who took me to Hayes Valley once, and have since returned many times without him. But I digress. Food here was excellent. Service, perfect. Wine on the chalk board, of course. Mussels came in four ways and it's nice that I went for the creamy parsley bacon one. I had run very fast 3 miles earlier in the gym (less than 7 minute mile is pretty darn fast for this old lady!), and felt deserving. I dunked the baguette into the creamy broth and ate every single mussel. I can't honestly stand Absinthe (my last trip there was with someone whom I couldn't care less and the food was so so - again, my food experience was largely dependent on the companionship.) Zagat gave it 25 out of 30, I'd say why would anyone ever go to Absinthe when they have Chez Maman across the street? I simply don't get it but I'm happy that it exists - if nothing else, it serves as a reminder that good French food can be had in many places in all neighborhoods of San Francisco and you don't have to follow the masses.
Last minute decision to come here for a simple anniversary dinner with the hubster. Hubster loves shoestring fries or should I say pomme frites and we've always had luck finding good ones in French restaurants, well yea duh. A craving for pomme frites brought us here. Got here at 8pm on a Tuesday night, well last night. There were few parties waiting and since this place is small, we knew the wait can get long. There was a table open on the sidewalk and they had the heater on. We decided to take that table and I barely noticed the cool weather. We got seated right away and stayed warm, can't complain about that. Food - I already knew what to order so it was easy to decide. they start you off with bread and butter. We're 75% paleo when we're strict about it so I'm thankful I can eat butter. Butter is good for you. And bread is not good for you. Our dinner was an exception so I ate bread with my butter.    French onion soup for appetizer - shared with the hubster and we both agree it was the best french onion soup we've ever had.    Poulette mussels - I devoured this all by myself since husband is not fond of it. Mussels were perfectly cooked, but sauce was salty to my liking. I wanted to drink the soup coz of the flavor but it was too salty for me.   Basic burger w/ bacon, brie cheese and egg - it was a good burger, but not the best. There was a lot of bread, but it was a good bread.    Pomme frites - I thought it was good, husband liked it but didn't think it was the best. It went well with the aioli and my poulette. Satisfied my craving. Service - our litmus test for a great service is filling up our water even without asking. We never had to ask in this place. Our water was always filled so you knew they paid attention. Our server took care of us, but was a bit impersonal or at least lacked charisma towards us. Well we didn't really wanna be bothered so that was okay with us. We would definitely come back here since they open late plus parking isn't bad in this area.
Who knew that a little hole-in-the-wall in Potrero Hill would provide us the experience that completely redefined our views on customer service?He and I were looking for a late-night burger joint to satisfy our ravenous appetites. Our Yelp apps pointed us, by way of a stellar rating and a little green "Open" advisory, towards Chez Maman. Fast forward: our order included French onion soup, a basic burger with an egg and bacon, and crme brle. Now, their food was solid (their crispy pommes frites with garlic aioli definitely deserve an honourable mention), and despite the humble space, there was an impressive synchronized method of teamwork that the staff of 4 followed to keep the restaurant moving smoothly and seamlessly--however, what really stood out was how personable the owner was to us. He went out of the way to provide special accommodations (read: moved two small tables together in the already-teeny-tiny restaurant so that we could sit side-by-side) to make sure we could dine happily in the sub-700 SF space. We were well-attended to by the owner, who periodically popped in for short and sweet check-ins throughout our dinner; it was easy to see he puts his customers' comfort over making the most immediate sales or having a high table turnover rate. This is how a restaurant should be run, and for that reason, we plan on being regulars at this adorable French bistrot!
This place blows my mind. Mussels are for real. The burger is A+. Never have thought of French Onion Soup but this one is fantastic. The flat iron steak is in the top five of best things I've ever ate. And it's not an overly expensive French restaurant. Reasonably priced. It also isn't half bad that they have Affligem on tap. The restaurant itself it tiny. Very romantic. Also good for very small groups. Plus Potrero Hill is awesome. Just like the area, this restaurant is a gem.
Stopped by on our last night in California. Tiny little place but the food is good. You have to get the French Onion Soup. The guy next to us said he had been all over France and this was still the best French Onion Soup he'd ever had. Parking was easy and service was quick. Price is not bad for what you are getting. Not good for large parties at all.
I originally wanted to go to Chez Papa which is literally on the corner of the same block, but it was full of empty reserved tables. Sigh. So We ended up here.Place is small and pretty cramped. Anyways....Ordered mussels and a french onion soup and fries. The soup was a bit too salty. It literally made me thirsty for water. The Mussels was also salty. Well. the fries, you guessed it, too salty. Only the comp bread that was not salty. I dont know why this place has so high ratings, but it may only be one of those hypes, or people just like salt soaked food. Pretty disappointed. Thought it be good since the place was pretty full of people (~15 people lol).
Okay, just go. Seriously. It's a no-brainer. It's worth the wait, usually not even that long. If the counter bothers you, I don't know why. I like to see EXACTLY whats going on with my food. Started with the Poulette mussels. Could have easily had these with frittes for dinner and been happy. Sopped up all the sauce at the bottom with our bread, didn't go for the frittes. Savoyarde CrepeBechamel sauce, tomato, proscuitto, brieAlso good, nice amount of prosuitto, I was afraid of it being too salty but the bechamel was on point. My boyfriend had the burger... I'm telling you this is the most flavorful burger I've ever had, juicy, tender, perfectly cooked, etc. I was JEALOUS. My crepe was really good, but I eyed that burger all night. He shared a few bites with me, but I could feel a bit of resentment. We didn't do dessert but will next time. And we came back the next morning for brunch... yes, we hesitated, almost went to PLOW but the line was too long. Both had benedict. I had the one with smoked salmon which I preferred to his with Canadian bacon. Hollandaise sauce was some of the best I've ever had. We were not ashamed :)
Saw this place on yelp while awaiting an event around the area. "A french place known for their burgers?" I thought...sure, let's give it a try. Excellent idea.Kathleen W. accompanied me on this little foodie adventure, and after my first bite of the burger, I knew what the fuss was about. You can pretty much customize your burger, so I added brie, avocado, and an egg to mine, in addition to getting fries. I was impressed by the size of the burger, and was sucked in to it's juiciness and flavor. For this burger, I didn't mind paying over the average price of a gourmet cheeseburger - it was worth it. On the other side of the table was this good-sized bucket of mussels that had a good taste as well, and that was surprisingly finished as well. I also appreciated the service - very patient and personable, despite the small restaurant size and long wait that others had to experience (yay for getting there early!). As a heads up, this place has bar seating, two tables inside, and one table outside - so, not much space here, but great burgers!
One of the highlights of my first trip to San Francisco! Thanks Yelp in guiding me to this little gem. Place was small but cozy and there was a wait of course so we ended up taking a seat outside, which was still lovely and I believe there were some space heaters above. Service was good and friendly. We ordered the pork chops and mushroom fettuccine which were both cooked to perfection and were sooo delicious.
yes!!! A little late on the take to discover this little gem. Perfect, non-pretentious, unassuming, tiny little joint with counter space for 8 and two 2-tops with another 4 top outside with heating lamps. The long narrow counter allows you to witness the magic of the kitchen and what a tight ship they run. Every movement is purposeful and dishes are prepared with speed and grace. The well-staffed kitchen keeps the busy flow of patrons satisfied. Crepes were excellent, thin and perfect and the onion soup was hearty and filling. I didn't have room to order the mussels but they smelled delicious. The dessert crepes were as delicious as their savory ones. The prices were actually very reasonable. Definitely will be back. Wish it wasn't so popular so there wouldn't be such a long wait!
The food here was excellent. I enjoyed the French onion soup and a burger with Brie and an egg on top, wife had the mussels in the Provenal style and said they were amazing, a crepe with Nutella and banana to finish. The atmosphere and ambiance was great and the service was excellent. You may have to wait some time for a table but it is so worth it!
Delicious food. Get the burger for sure. Also, French beer on tap. I can't wait to go here again soon...it's pretty romantic too!
BEST BURGER IN SAN FRANCISCO.There, I said it. They seriously have the cutest set up and best service ever. Grace M., Daniel N., and myself stopped in for lunch after volunteering at the SF Food Bank. It was the best decision ever. The service was personable. The burger and fries (with aioli) was amazing. And it was SUPER affordable. You can't go wrong with ANY burger on the menu. I suggest adding bacon and an egg on top of whatever you decide :) Beware of long wait... the place only seats 16 max (or maybe less...)
Loved this place for brunch. They have decent portions and the food is really good. I ordered the smoked salmon crepe with a fried egg and they give a good amount of salmon! I'm pleased :)
The most delicious fries, perfectly fried in the French, herbed style. A charming intimacy among the staff. The feel of being in a French rocketship traveling past muscles and burgers and crepes to a distant sun.
Its amazing when you form an attachment to a place, it has a larger significance. For me, Chez Maman is not a restaurant, its a bedrock to a community. Potrero hill would not be the same if it weren't for Chez Manan. I had my first meal here when I moved to SF and ever since then, its had a unique place in my heart. As long as there are still people out front waiting patiently to get seated, the burgers are still served with pommes frites & aioli, and Olivier is still sneaking out for a quick smoke break, we can all rest assured that there still is good in this world!!
We had a late dinner here a few weeks ago, and were really happy with the experience. This restaurant is probably the smallest restaurant i have ever been in. I have no doubt that had we gotten there any earlier we never would have gotten a seat. The server was really nice, and even replaced my order of mussels when I ordered the wrong ones. He really didn't have to do that, since it was totally my fault, (i thought meuniere, but said provencale.) My guy's onion soup might have been the best i have ever tasted, i also had a bite of his burger and we shared the fries that came with it. Both were good, not the best ever, but still enjoyable. The bread was disappointing, but it saved me the calories:)  I also appreciated the reasonably priced wine options.Chez Maman is the quintessential neighborhood spot. If i lived nearby, I'd definitely be back.
I was introduced to this place by a friend and have been back a second time. This is a very small place with only a couple of tables inside and a few outside. But there is a long bar to sit at, where you can watch the chef and talk to the staff. I found the food to be very tasty, and the staff to be helpful and friendly. The prices are reasonable. The two dishes that I had were the Salmon (with the creme fraiche), and the Flat Iron Steak, both very good, real yummy. The reason I gave only four stars was because of the small size of the place. I'm looking forward to going back.
Hungry and somewhat lost in SF, I turned to my yelp app for advice and I was not led astray. Chez Maman is a delicious spot for coffee, crepes, and sandwiches. I was a bit skeptical about ordering a crepe with fingerling potatoes, two types of cheese and prosciutto - it sounded a little overpowering for a crepe - but I decided to do it anyway. Oh boy was that a good decision. The ingredients were perfectly spaced and layered in the crepe as to not be overwhelming, and the generous bed of arugula on top was the perfect accompaniment to the crepe's fillings. The peppery flavor helped bring the cheese and the meat together, culminating in a truly excellent crepe.Oh, and the smoked salmon sandwich? Perfect. Herbed creamed cheese and grilled onions were the perfect touch to the classic sandwich. It doesn't leave you with that dry-mouth feeling you get sometimes after eating a whole bagel and lox in two minutes. And the coffee was illy which, while not my favorite, was a nice end to the meal. I'll be back here again.
Cute little restaurant in Potrero Hill with a very intimate feeling. There are only 2 tables for 2 inside, 2 tables outside (if you want to freeze) and a row of 10 seats in front of the kitchen. We didn't have to wait long for a seat. French Onion Soup: Amazing! Loved the cheesy goodness, I wish there was a little more bread to cheese ratioMussels and Frites: We got the white wine variety (there are 4) The fries weren't as good as I expected, there were uneven cuts.Crepe with Prosciutto and Cheese: The crepe looked really good but there was too much cheese which made it soggy and not very appealing. They have a great wine list and a great variety. I would definitely recommend Chez Maman for a pleasant meal in Potrero Hill.
This is a quaint little hole in the wall in SF. I'm glad I stumbled upon this place, because it's worth visiting again! Here's what I had:French onion soup - delicious!Beef tartare - yum!Thai mussels - not the flavoring combo I usually get when I want mussels but was surprisingly good.Savoyarde crepe - it was ok...I can't wait to visit again when I'm back in the area!
BEST mussels!!My husband and I were looking for a place to eat after a Yelp event. We wanted to stay nearby where we were already at and saw this place pop up on my Yelp app. 4.5 stars?? I had to try! =)We were already stuffed from the Yelp event and our appetizer at Chez Papa Bistrot, but we couldn't help ourselves! We ordered poulette mussles and a burger to share. That was a lot of food considering we weren't even hungry!You can order the mussels a number of ways but we decided to go with poulette: butter, white wine, shallots, bacon and parsley. We sat at the bar and watched the chef cook our mussels. Always fun to watch. For $14 you get a huge serving of mussels and they were soooo good! Super fresh and clean. And you know anything with bacon always tastes great. =PThe burger comes with onions, salad and an aioli. You can add other ingredients like cheese and bacon for an additional $1.50 each. The patty was nice and juicy. The toasted bun had a slight crunch on the outside but it was soft on the inside. Definitely better than your standard burger.The prices are totally reasonable. The restaurant itself is only made up of the bar/counter area, two indoor tables and two outdoor tables. The customer service is great. A good place to go if you're craving some casual French food.
Early Saturday brunch with the BFF. 20 minute wait. As petite as these diggs are (2 tables plus an 8-person bar), I'd be terrified to come for dinner or for uber trendy Sunday brunch. Most magnifique french onion soup I've ever had! $6 for a bowl that I could not get enough of sounds reasonable to me. Tangy, thick blanket of cheese (Swiss?) & a noticeable wine taste in the broth-- my mouth waters at the memory of it. My Savoyarde crepe, $10: salty, savory forkfuls of tomato (not quite ripe enough), bchamel, prosciutto, & a lovely semi-melted camembert in a thin buckwheat wrap. Color me seduced.
Fucking love! I am there all the time. Its like a french diner. Be sure to try the escargot.
While in SF for business, I went here on the recommendation of a co-worker who lives in SF and was glad I did. It's a cozy hole-in-the-wall on Potrero Hill that has a very French neighborhood bistro vibe. The wine list was extensive and they have a good selection of reasonably priced wines-by-the-glass. The steak frites I had were cooked well, and the escargot were buttery and smooth.My only complaint and maybe this isn't fair is the place is tiny. We got the only tables in the place at all (two 2-tops right by the window). Otherwise it's seating at the bar or waiting outside.
Even after four years. Three words...French. Onion. Soup.
After a super horrible experience at the sister restaurant up the road Chez Papa  I was very hesitant to give this place a shot .. but I was talked into it. I am so glad I stayed the food was great the service was outstanding the only draw back is its small size and I spent a lot of time getting hit in the head by the plastic awning out front.
I went with my boyfriend on Sunday night.We arrived there around 8pm and waited for about 1.5 hours when there was only two couples in front of us... the wait can be LONG- if there is more than one party in front.I like the ambiance and quick service. It is very cozy and cool to watch chefs cooking right in front of you.French Onion Soup: really good! just a bit salty.Escargot: It was just meh... no flavor. Pork chop: Like it. sauce was unique.Lamb sausage crepe: It smelled too much of lamb. Overall, it was a cute experience- finding the hidden spot between corners, but I wouldn't go back.
We go here for their burger. The beef patty is seasoned just right (peppery)...reminds me of Vietnamese nem nuong. The bun with the garlic aioli - delicious. And to top it off, a sunny side up egg. Messy good.Every time we go, there is a wait, but its worth it. We've also managed to snag one of the two indoor tables each time.
BEST BURGER IN SF.(seriously, do you need to know anything else?)(yes, the crepes are great, as is the steak frites with peppercorn sauce.)(yes, the mussels are wonderful.)(yes, the french onion soup is good.)BEST BURGER IN SF.check it out.
After reading some great reviews on yelp. I decided to check this play out and what can I say...YOU HAVE TO come here. We ordered their burger, medium rare with bacon and brie. Girlfriend order it with goat cheese. What can I say it was unbelievable. Hands down best burger I've ever had. The meat was well seasoned, the French bun was delicious and the fries were great. We went during the middle of the afternoon.  I can easily see it getting packed at night. Forewarn this place is tiny with only two tables that sit 4 in total. The bar sits about 9 folks  But don't turn around after you see the size...like I almost did..thankfully my gf said "let's try it!". I'm glad we did because it was great!P.S. they have some good draft Belgium beers. Which just elevated it for those beer lovers.
Whenever my wife goes out of town, I usually go in search of a new burger. This time, I ended up at Chez Maman. While this might not be what I would crave all the time, this seemed like a perfect brunch burger.The bun gives a satisfying crunch, like an english muffin, with a great balance to the rest of the burger. It goes perfectly with an egg, as I found myself repeatedly dipping my burger into the dripping yolk just to taste that wonderful gooey combination.There is definitely a different taste to the seasoning than your typical burger, but it very much fits the context of the rest of the sandwich. The meat is a bit more savory and a bit less juicy, but it flows nicely with the healthy bit of homey sour cream-like aioli that tops the burger.The toppings include a variety of options, but after reading through Yelp, I settled on the Brie, which happily blended itself into the creamy flavors of the burger. There was also a side of greens and grilled shallots, which only accentuate the flavors and give the burger a little texture.The burger also comes with a side of herb seasoned fries. They're evenly cooked, and thinly cut, but nothing over the moon.Overall, Chez Maman has definitely provided a real difference between all the others trying to perfect your basic burger, and taken it instead with its own personality. My only real qualm with the burger is the somewhat dry patty -- but even that has enough flavor to balance it out.
This is a wonderful little place. We stumbled upon it sort of by accident, we got off the Caltrain at the 22nd street station to explore and just looked for restaurants in the area. The food was very impressive, I had the Crepe Complte (ham, gruyere, and an egg) and she had an endive salad with a side of fries. Both meals were very very tasty. We finished up with creme brle which was fantastic. The restaurant is very small and very cozy, the outdoor seating is great if you can get one of the two tables. Out server was probably our favorite part... He was a brisk and funny Frenchman who made our dining experience a really great time.We highly recommend this place!
How is "burger" not mentioned in the review highlights here?Burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger burger!There. Did that fix it?You'd have to be suffering from mad cow disease to think Maman's burger is anything but mind-blowing. This is the best burger in SF, and probably the best I have ever had.If you are not a vegetarian, order the burger, French onion soup, and mussels. If you are a vegetarian, you should wrap the burger in a cloak of lettuce and play make-believe. The burger bread is so good that you could probably put a boiled turnip in there and think the $10.50 was money well spent. To make matters better, they gratuitously throw on a squirt of their legendary aoli. I always select goat cheese, but I think brie would be tres francaise and quite tasty. They also strongly recommend a fried egg. In other news, the flat iron steak and pork chop are both average.Street parking is plentiful and only a few minutes from the freeway. You cannot make a reservation, and there are probably about 20 total seats (2 inside tables for 2, 1 outside table for 4, and about 12 bar seats). I recommend lunch or an early dinner. Even at peak times, however, I have never waited more than 45 minutes. If you're bored or freezing, there is a book store on the block open late, as well as a wine store with frequent tastings next door.
Not a bad place. I can get food like this at other places. The garlic sauted potatoes are amazing. Hollandaise sauce seems to have something spicy like Tabasco. Whatever it is, it's good. As far as some of the people who are offended by the French waiter, I'm guessing none of you have been to France. He is running a show serving a bunch of customers and that's his demeanor. My wife was a little offended when we got there, but I spoke a little bit of French and he was pretty cool. He's not gonna kiss your ass, but whatever. Good place if you've got a hankering for a croque monsieur. But nowhere near the best.
You have heard of "make up sex", well how about "make up burger"?Last nights burger fiasco left me with a bitter taste in my mouth. I needed a re-do, so after a beer at some place full of hipsters in their cool tight jeans I decided to jump back on the horse and grab a burger.Marlowe was within walking distance and their burger is tried and true. By the way, I bet you didn't realize that Marlowe puts a small percentage of ground lamb in their burgers? Secret ingredient that adds to one of the best burger patties I have ever stumbled upon.Wait, I am getting off track.Sorry Chez Maman.My last visit to Chez Maman albeit was good, it wasn't great. But since scoring a seat at Marlowe is next to impossible and Chez Maman is sorta/kinda on my way home we decided to give it another go.Only stools and one tiny table here. But given the warm weather we didn't mind waiting outside for a couple of seats.And so glad we did!Chez Maman has fully redeemed itself. This is the burger I remember from 2008. Golden delicious buns soaking up the juices of a perfectly grilled to medium rare thick beef patty that had me at first bite. I opted for no cheese which is a true test of a burgers greatness. My friend went brie cause you know, hipster cool.The fries? Perfect thin cut! and even better than Marlowe's (which is saying a lot).Forget my last review, this crooked face Yelper is sold. Chez Maman is now once again crowned best burger spot in the entire city.
The mahi mahi is a fabulously fresh entree! Loved the brightness of the flavor
This place is very small and I was relatively happy that we arrived to dinner on a weekday, where it was less busy. The wait was bearable, about 10-15 mins. The mussels were delicious and as I am writing this review, I am craving for another bowl, all to myself! The burger was okay, I had better. Fries were good with their garlic mayo sauce! I usually do not like white sauces but damn that was amazinggg.
This is a rather small place but I love the atmosphere! There's only bar seatings where you can actually watch ALL the food made in front of you! Pretty cool! For brunch, we ordered a French onion soup to share. It was quite good. My bf had the basic burger which he really liked. I had the Mushroom crepe which was not very good. The crepe was rather soft, like pancakes and the sauce with the mushroom & cheese for the inside was not a good marriage. It was sweet and the flavor was somewhat over powering. However, I would definitely give this place a 2nd chance and try some of their many other menu items. It's amazing to watch their cooks make all their food in such a small and tight space but they're efficient and the restaurant is very clean.
Came here with a friend right after work on a Friday -- thankfully we arrived early enough to find parking on the corner, and a table! The place is very tiny with only 2 tables in the front window and bar seating and a few tables outdoors.It is very authentic French cuisine and the waiter (owner?) is also French. He seemed impatient with us, as we took awhile to decide what we wanted and also asked questions about the menu, which in a quintessential French manner, he acted as though we should just know!We started off with a beer each. We shared the baked camembert (yum! including the side salad) and the mussels (poulette - shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley) which was delicious. My friend ordered the french onion soup and frisee salad with poached egg -- both were also delicious. I ordered the basic burger with brie and fried egg with a side of fries with aioli. Everything was so delicious.For dessert, we ordered the Tatin: roasted caramelized apples with chantilly. It was okay, would have liked it better if the chantilly was replaced with vanilla ice cream.Overall, a great dining experience. The only negative was the abruptness of the waiter (but it's expected) and the couple sitting to our left (they seemed to have been complaining about the door being opened, smokers outside, etc... I tried to ignore them)!As I am a huge fan of french cuisine, I would definitely recommend and come back.
Oh how I miss this place! A small joint but it feels homey here. I came in the door to hear a man all tatted up speaking in French. Now how authentic can a French restaurant get? This is just about as good as it gets! Great food and is cooked right in front of you. The burger with brie was great. The pork chop was phenomenal! At the end of the meal I asked Olivier if he had a business card. His reponse, "No I dont, but I have something better!" He went back to the kitchen and came back out with a menu for me to have. I left happy!!
Small moments in small spaces.Love this: youtube.com/watch?v=ZsWCAnd this: Signature chicken burger. Full of flavor, topped with onions, salad on the side. Roasted caramelized onion apple crpe was the perfectly sweet finale.Eating in would have been nice but the very intimate space made takeout an easy call.Returning for another burger would be an easy call too.
What a great treasure in Potrero Hill! If you're looking for a burger that's cooked to perfection, then this is the place to go! It's very small place, very cute and cozy atmosphere and the food is excellent. Winning!This was our first time here and we came here for my bf's birthday. We had so much fun and we all left with full bellies and big smiles. We had the following dishes:For appetizers we ordered 2 baked Camembert with roasted garlic! Read great reviews from fellow Yelpers so we decided to try it. I'm so glad we did! The garlic cloves are cooked to perfection that it's so easy to spread on you bread, then you put melted cheese on top of it....YUMMY!For our entrees, we had a basic burger and added the following, bacon, brie, and egg! Love Love Love it and it's huge! We all got the burger cooked medium and it was perfectly cooked. When you bite into it, the egg oozes out all over your burger. It's such a perfect combination. The fries that comes with it is very good as well!I can't wait to go back here...next time I'll try the french onion soup that everyone raves about!
The baked camembert with "roasted" garlic is a must! While the garlic bulb is actually deep fried instead of roasted in the oven, the result is much the same -- slightly sweet and creamy, pairing wonderfully with the rich, melty cheese. However, should you defy the rules of 'everything in moderation' and attempt to eat several cloves all at once (sans toast points), prepare for punishment in the form of an unrelenting garlicky burn in the back of your throat. Not that I would know! No, that's not the smell of garlic still on my breath... *Guilty face*Their burgers seem to have gotten a lot of buzz, and while they're quite tasty with any one of the cheese options (and the accompanied pommes frites were lovely with the garlicky aioli), the lack of attention given to grilling the meat to desired doneness forces the burger to straddle the line between good and great. It begs the question: why bother asking how you'd like the burger done if they all come out well? That aside, I'm so in love with the restaurant and its dimly lit, super intimate, open-kitchen atmosphere. It transports me to a quaint yet elegant hole-in-the-wall in Paris (pah-reee!), where the chef personally takes your order with a thick, swoon-worthy accent ("For you, mademoiselle?"). Most of the seats are along the bar top, where you get the immense pleasure of watching your food being prepared no more than three feet away. There's only space for about a dozen or so patrons, though, so don't drop by with your entire posse!
These days, burger joints try to win the burger war by overwhelming us with size and fancy toppings. I recently saw an episode of "Best Thing I Ever Ate" with a burger with egg and potato chips between the buns. Whatever happened to the classic burger? Bigger the better seems to be the popular notion and deviating from the bun-beef-bun dynamic is scores creativity points. That said, I was really hoping to give Chez Maman a more positive rating, given the incredible hype surrounding their burger. Chez Maman has the features I like. It's just a small, cozy, and intimate bistro in Potrero. Except for a few tables outside, only bar seating is available. Service was attentive, efficient and friendly. I wanted to say simple, so I ordered just the basic burger with cheddar. Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy the burger as much as others. The burger was $11 for the basic, but you can add additional toppings like egg, avocado, cheese, etc. for $1.50 each, so you can complicate and customize your burger for additional charge. Though I ordered medium rare (which arrived more medium well), the patty was thin and dry, as in no juice came out as I squeezed in the burger. The frites were delicious, thanks to good seasoning, but they were soggy. That's a little baffling considering that they cooked the fries in front of me. On the plus side, the aioli was off the hook, probably the best I've had to date. Also, like I said, service was very very good.I don't want to discourage others from Chez Maman. I have a feeling my burger was an anomaly. After all, there ought to be good reason for all the positive pub. I just cant join the party at the moment.
Good service, nice atmosphere... but the salmon wasn't fresh. :( That's a huge problem for me.
My better half and I have enjoyed this place since 2003, and continue to do so well into the 'yelp' years. Once again, the burger, crepe complete, croque madame, flat iron steak, Pork Chop, etc are all excellent.  Toast points are ahhhh... gharlique! Vampires beware! Do not miss the dessert, nor the Fisher Amber
Do you think Chez Nous disappeared because Chez Maman cheated on Chez Papa with Chez Spencer? It's part of my conspiracy theory...Back and to the left!...Back and to the left!I've been wanting to try Chez Maman for several years now, but I tended to dismiss it due to its pocket-sized dinerish size. It's actually around the same size as greasier spoons like Art's Cafe in the Inner Sunset (yelp.com/biz/arts-cafe-s) or the Golden Coffee Shop in the Tendernob (yelp.com/biz/golden-coff). Just the thought of waiting for one of the two window tables to free up made me wheeze out an audible sigh of reluctant impatience. But I was meeting friends I had not seen for several years and thought this would be a good excuse to finally give it a go. The wait is not as bad as you would think...at least on a brisk night when no one is out strolling for long. There's a sign-up sheet next to the front door and sometimes even a ballpoint pen dangling from a piece of twine. It's just a bit trickier when you're a party of three since you do have to wait for three of the counter stools to open up at the same time (FYI...there's only ten in total). The upside is that turnover is relatively fast since the counter doesn't really lend itself to involved conversations unless perhaps you are on a bad date and waiting for the obligatory rescue call on your cell. The owner serves a bottle of wine while you wait behind the diners, so it doesn't appear like you're hovering that much. We were finally seated and right in front of the grill, so the blast of heat was constant throughout the meal. We decided to go family style even if the configuration was not ideal for sharing or conversing. First up was the $13 Mussels Mariniere, a generous pot perfectly seasoned with plenty of juice to dip our crusty baguette slices. It was truly enough for three as a shared appetizer. I also had a taste of my friend's French Onion Soup order, a steal that day for $5.50 and this is what clinched this place as a true bistro...gooey Camembert melted over a hearty broth in a papa-sized crock. Even with all that, we went for three different entrees. The first was the $16 Mahi Mahi with Garlic Spinach and Mango Cucumber Vinaigrette. While the fish and spinach were undoubtedly fresh, the dish was a tad oversalted for my taste. The second was the $9 Basic Burger done medium-rare with quite a pile of fries and a cup of aioli on the side. This was very good though not quite the best as trumpeted by one of the more opinionated reviewers on "Check Please! Bay Area". I'd argue the grass-fed burger at NOPA is marginally tastier. I have to say the winner for the evening was the $15 Pork Chop and Brussel Sprouts with Apple Cider Mustard Sauce, as perfect a comfort food dish as I've had at a casual bistro. The chop was tender and moist and the mustard sauce freckled with seeds provided the right kick. And perhaps I'm in the minority on this, but I do like me some pan-sauteed sprouts on the side. I have to say for the three of us, it was a very satisfying experience and definitely repeatable. I just like the casually hectic vibe of the place, and others seem to agree...they certainly do a bustling business. FOOD - 4.5 stars...excellent bistro fare especially that pork chop and mustard sauce...sporadic overzealous salting is the only major deterrent for me AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...bustling, compact place...not a place to lounge, but if you want a fast, casual meal of quality dishes, well here you are SERVICE - 4 stars...the staff of four buzz through the dishes fast but never without a smile on their faces TOTAL - 4 stars...oh yeah I'll be back...damn the wait!
Consistently great burgers and crepes. I've been coming here for a few years and it never disappoints.
Loved the atmosphere in this place, I discovered it on a walk down 18th st. I got a veggie burger and it was not a veggie patty like I expected. It was more like veggies mixed with egg, but let me tell you it was delicious! It was served on Ciabatta bread and cooked right in front of me. Their meat burgers also looked very good, I'll probably have to try them.
Absolutely delicious. I was in town for a few days visiting a friend and this is his favorite restaurant. I can absolutely see why! We did have to wait for a bit but it wasn't an excessive wait time (about 30 minutes). I really enjoyed that the restaurant is small and intimate. I got a veal dish (can't remember the exact name) but it was fantastic. It was so flavorful and tender - I have dreams about this dish. Two of my companions got the pork chop and said it was delicious. Another of us got the mussels and the broth was incredible. Great, friendly service with delicious food. You should definitely check it out.
+ intimate+ authentic+ owner is friendly+ food was great - small so there is a wait; i don't think they take reservations
Go! It was great. Great lunch and was amazed at the crepe tatin for dessert. And if you need to practice your French, the guy behind the counter speaks nothing but.
Delicious! An reasonably priced!! Beef tartare and crepes! And dessert!!
I had high expectations of the place after reading the yelp reviews, but sadly to say, I was disappointed with the experience. We were seated without too long of a wait because we arrived early for dinner, but later patrons were not as lucky. The place is extremely tiny but popular, so it was a very cramped dining experience. The place was not very well decorated, and the ambiance was very noisy.I started with the Frisee with Poached Egg. I must say that was the highlight of my meal, and I enjoyed the entire dish. The simple dish was well-seasoned, and all of the ingredients complemented each other. My entree, the basic burger, to which I added brie, was not as impressive. I found it greasy and hard to eat, with it falling apart as I tried to eat it. I did not find it too unique, other than that you could add egg or brie to your burger. On the other hand, the fries that came with the burger were amazing. They were extremely crispy and perfectly seasoned. I especially liked how they served the fries with aioli.Overall, I think Chez Maman is a bit over-hyped. The location is too small and cramped to enjoy a meal. Though I enjoyed the salad and the fries, I found my entree to be rather ordinary and disappointing. The service was attentive and friendly, and the server tried to make the experience as enjoyable as possible.
Mmm everything is so good here, especially the appetizers! The prices are also fair.Dont Miss:-French Onion Soup - complete with a layer of yummy melted cheese on top-Baked Camembert with Roasted Garlic and Toast Points. Everyone on yelp raved about this dish, so of course i had to try it! Spread a bit of garlic from a roasted clove onto a piece of crostini and smother it with creamy melted camembert. So simple, yer so tasty. I just wish it came with more toast!-Their burgers. The ciabatta bread sets this apart from other burgers. I opted for brie and bacon as extras. YUM!Keep in mind this place is VERY tiny. it is literally counter seating then two tables that can be moved together to fit 6 max. Be prepared to wait, especially during dinner time on weekends. I'll deft be back, plus the owner(?) is cute with a delightful french accent ;)
one of my personal favorites in San Francisco. Awesome food, superb french onion soup. All at a reasonable price.
Update: tried a burger here last night - was really good, I recommend adding Brie.
This is my favourite place in Potrero Hill. I've eaten pretty much everything on the menu and didn't find a fault with anything. The fettuccine carbonara is my go-to comfort food. Fettuccine with mushroom cream sauce is great too. The veal with mushrooms uses the same sauce and is similarly awesome. Mussels are amazing. The burger is good enough to be done blue. I love sitting at the bar and watching the cooks do their thing. It's nice to see your food whipped up in front of you.Service is very fast and friendly.
I ate at the Hayes Valley location and wanted to try this one on Portrero Hill...The manager/server was really impolite and distance - I did not feel very welcomed and he forgot to bring me bread. His french accent accompanied arrogance - luckily that didn't affect my appetite, only my tip and the three star review. The manager and servers at Hayes Valley - definitely cooler. The steak tar-tare and mussels/frites.. mmm good. A PLUS: the mussels here are better prepared than the other Chez Maman in Hayes Valley.  FYI: Hayes Valley has Mex (taco) dishes in addition to the same menu as this restaurant.Layout of the restaurant was two tables outside on a hill (so slanted, a couple of tables by an open window and a counter fitting about 10 people.Parking was fine at 1:30pm and no meters around the corner. Place was right off the 280/mariposa exit.
Everyone raved about the burger on Foursquare. It's not that great. Maybe it's because I ordered it medium-well? Their French onion soup was a little better: LOTS of cheese on top!A nice surprise: they carry a pretty darn good Cab Franc. Impressive!
5 solid stars if not 4.5 stars for their burgersI had the pleasure of sampling 2 of these folks burgers, and I got the pleasure of being the first to try there fish burger with an added bacon strips and a fried egg, per the waiter who took the order I was the first to order the fish burger and add those toppings haha, if you know me you know I don't like fish so it pretty much as to be amazing for me to even write about it so this place is legit for their fish burger, salmon made medium and I added some bacon and fried egg, the fish was not overpowering it was just right. the bacon meshed well with the fried egg it complimented each other and brought the burger together for me salt from the bacon was good which added enough kick to the salmon and egg to make every bite perfect. the salmon was again not to overpowering it was a very fresh taste not too fishy.I also got to sample there basic burger with their cheddar cheese, made medium rare was pretty good, I agree with the other person I went with if it had a double patty it would of been made perfect, portion wise the bread for both the fish and beef was excellent not to hard, soft and dense enough so it was not chewy kinda like a large english mcmuffin hahafood **** excellentprice $$ well worth the price for their burgersservice ***** excellentambiance **** really small literally spot where there is a walkway for the bar and 2 tables for 2 in front and two small tables outside that fit 2 people each
WOW. DEFINITION of hole in the wall. Seriously. But that doesn't change anything, really. Like I said before in some long ago review, the size of the restaurant really doesn't matter if the food makes up for it. And here, it does. Truly. I guess it's only slightly SORT OF inconvenient though.I almost walked right past it.We walked in to be seated at the only booth seats available. Right on time! Woohoo, no wait. But you know, even if there are not that many seats, there must be a reason why they're all full right? So I sat, hoping, expecting, lots. We ordered their "chicken, apple sausage, tomatoes, bell pepper, jack cheese omelet + salad", their "basic burger, made medium, and with cheddar cheese + french fries". Their salad was very good, tossed individually per dish. It wasn't as sour as other vinaigrettes from different restaurants so I enjoyed it very much. The burger was cooked to a medium so the pink was still just barely showing. Yum, my favorite. I don't think the french fries are ones I prefer because they were crispy but not even really that "juicy" if you can even call it that. It was dry, kind of. The omelet, hm, I'm not sure if I like omelets. Haha. So it was a bad decision? on my part for ordering it when I never really liked omelets. Haha. But it was good regardless. The sausage that came with the omelet was very salty though; didn't think it went with the rest of the dish too much, really.BUT. On top of enjoying the burger, I must, and I mean, I MUST mention their bread and butter that they bring out to you first. Oh man, so good. Maybe it was cause I was really hungry, but even after my meal, it was delicious. I could just eat their bread and butter all day. Yum. Ooh, we also got their latte which came in this really pretty, nice looking glass cup. Heh. Goot goot.(: Thanks Chez Ma"Man" !
Loved this place despite the horribly limited seating. I had a burger and my friend had the burger with bacon and fried egg. I liked my burger a lot but nothing compared to the rave reviews my friend had for his "burger breakfast". Will be trying the burger with egg next time
FYI, this review is for a Saturday lunch.... Oh Chez Maman, I really thought we'd be compatible. But alas, you were just ok. And kinda overpriced.Came here with the bf on a Saturday afternoon at 2pm for late lunch. Since this place only has about 10 seats (mostly bar but a couple small tables), we still had about a 10 min wait. Once we got in here's what we ordered:Basic Burger (added Brie & Egg) (3 stars): Can you believe that this dish cost $14??? Say whattt. The burger on its own just comes with flavored onions/lettuce/tomatoes/aioli for the toppings and either salad/fries as a side. Anything extra is $1.50/ea more. The burger was fairly juicy, the onions were a nice touch even though I usually don't like onions, and the acme bun was tasty. But for paying $14, it wasn't anything spectacular even with the added fancy toppings. Croque Madame (3 stars): The bf ordered this, and I had a bite. Wasn't bad... but it was a bit too cheesy compared to other Croque Madames that we've had. I love me some cheese, but the excess of cheese overpowered the flavors of everything else (bread, meat, and egg). I love my burgers, and I have to say that Chez Maman was just all right for burgers. I'd much rather have an Umami burger. But seeing as there are good reviews for lots of other dishes (mussels, french onion soup, etc.), I might stop by to try a few other dishes one day if I just happen to be in the area... and don't mind waiting.Just a tip! If you're not sure if you want fries or salad with the burger, get the fries. The dish already comes with a bit of salad (for the burger), so you get the best of both worlds when you order the frites. I got salad... and I just got more of the same greens that came with the burger.
I debated for a couple of weeks about the number of stars I wanted to give, because I visited Chez Maman twice in the same weekend and had very different experiences. However, I am giving them five stars because to this day I am still daydreaming about the most perfect French bistro food experience I have ever had.!It really isn't even fair to call Chez Maman a bistro in the sense that the word gets bandied about these days. It quite literally is like a hole in the wall. Chez Maman has four small two-top tables and a long counter that can hold maybe a dozen more guests. The kitchen is on the other side of the counter and the equipment is so small and efficient it's almost Easy Bake status.Three items were savored on this trip, and each one wowed and amazed!Le Soupe a L' Oignon:This classic French Onion soup was by far the very best I have tried! Such a silky, balanced broth with finely chiffonade sweet onion, perfectly seasoned and balanced with a touch of red wine, all sealed beneath a charred sliced of bread smothered in molten swiss cheese. Mouthwatering and culinary foreplay at its finest!Les Moules Mariniere:Where do I start with this dish? San Francisco has some of the best seafood I've eaten, but these black mussels were the VERY best I have ever tried...that is a fact!Simmered quickly over high heat with a broth of white wine, butter, shallots and onion, and garlic in a sautee pan covered with another sautee pan to trap in the steam, these mussels opened in a flash. The chef then took the mussels out of the liquid allowing the three unopened mussels to swim in the broth and awaken. Served in a cast iron pot with garlic parsley fries. The mussels were plump and simply melted in your mouth. There was neither a runt nor a chewy mollusk to be found! Amazing is an understatement!Creme Brulee:A simple and authentic dessert. Light custard with the crisp caramel shell. Rich in flavor but not heavy.My hat goes off to the lunch kitchen crew (all two of them) and their culinary prowess, as well as the wiry Mikhail Baryshnikov doppelganger of a manager/server. Hands down one of the greatest foodie experiences of my life!!!!!
My hairdresser recommended this place, and I'm so glad I checked it out. It is a super small restaurant, but it was not hard to find a spot at the bar for my Giant and I. I asked the waiter what fish he recommended and he immediately said the salmon - and it was fresh and so well prepared. Exactly medium rare - what I asked for. The crepes were amazing, and probably the best I've had. I had mine with berries and my Giant had his with Nutella. I can't wait to go back, but next time I'm trying the burger and French Onion Soup.
I and my husband came here because I had been to the other chez maman west. Service wise other place is much better than this , when we came here we entered our name on the waiting list ....even after having vacant seats nobody bothered to seat us...even there is no proper seating area here. Well now i am giving 5 stars because initially their service was bad and started writing this review and now they are good so instead of re writing my review i am just editing it. As soon as we got seated we were served with bread and our order was taken . Food tastes really YUM!
I absolutely still adore this french bistro. When my boyfriend was in town two weeks ago, we ate here for lunch on our way to check out MadC's art exhibit in SoMa. I raved about their outstanding french onion soup and their crepes. We shared a bowl of their French onion soup, the baked camembert with the roasted garlic and shared the savonyarde crepe. We sat outside under the heat lamps since most of the seats were taken inside. Best idea ever.
Soup of the Day - French Onion (Super yummy)Croque Madame - If I didn't have the French Onion soup it would have been better. The cheese is the same from the French Onion and started to feel very overloaded with it. I would return for the french onion soup. =)
The food is incredible. It truly is. But the food is not why I go here. I go here for the hot-as-hell waiter. Is he kinda an asshole? Yep, but that's to be expected. Does he know he's good looking? He'd be an idiot not to. Am I alone in my adoration of his ... assets? Based on the amount of women who frequent this place at lunch, I would guess I'm not alone. We sit, hyena-like, licking our chops and biding our time until our prey becomes ours. So go here. Try the French Onion Soup (Yes!). Get the Camembert with toast points and roasted garlic (squeal!). And splurge on the lamb entree for dinner (I almost died!). But stay off my (fictitious) man, slut, or I will hunt you down.
Love this place!!! Very intimate and relaxing ambience. Either make reservations or sign up for a table early and then wander around the 'hood, because the wait can be long.My friend and I ordered a salad with goat cheese, and the cheese was delicious and reminded me of Paris-- some of the best cheese I have had in a long time.  I ordered the roasted Mahi Mahi... the mango salsa was delicious and the fish was great, though I actually regretted not ordering something a bit more daring or typically French. My friend ordered the veal and it was exquisite (I don't even like veal and I was really wishing I had ordered it).Really love this place, and perfect for having a delicious, fresh meal in a really chill environment.
This place is small and the service is slow. I didn't like the server at all until a plump girl sat down next to us and ordered a burger with EVERYTHING on it. Then the server said, "Woaaaaah." Haha. He was pretty ballsy and yes, I know I'm mean. Food was good..
This past weekend my friend from LA visited (the obviously superior city of) San Francisco and I wanted to take her out to a delicious, yet affordable lunch. After reading the amazing reviews on Yelp we decided on Chez Maman. We got there around 1 pm on a Saturday afternoon and waited for about 15 minutes to get seated. While we were waiting for a table outside, we were eyeing a cozy seat in the corner of the restaurant. Unfortunately, the waiter totally disregarded the waiting list where we had signed our name earlier and instead seated an older couple in the desired table seat and put us in the corner seat at the counter. I was a little bit bitter, but I was just glad to be sheltered from the SF fog. As other reviews note, Chez Maman is cozy and can only seat about 15-20 people at a time. Since the restaurant is so small, it seems that there is a system where only one man (perhaps the owner) is responsible for taking the orders and bringing the checks to the customers while the other employees carry the food and clean the tables. This means that a majority of the responsibility falls on the French man to make sure he gets the orders right and tends to the customers' needs. With that said, I was super excited to try the French onion soup after seeing almost every single person ordering it. I decided to get a little crazy and treat myself to both soup and a fish burger with some brie - I know, I'm a wild child!I watched the cooks preparing multiple bowls of French onion soup...ohhh, the mounds of melty cheese oozing over the soup...I couldn't wait! After about 10 minutes, I started realizing that the people who had ordered after us were getting their appetizers, but not me. Before I knew it, we received our entrees. Maybe it's a weird French thing where you get your soup after your fish burgers? Wait. I don't think that's a thing.In the end I never got my soup and the fish burger was okay, though the brie in the burger was delicious. Maybe if I had ordered the regular burger and added more of the extra options it would have been a more memorable meal. As I finished up my meal I watched the waiter struggle with the checks. He brought the wrong credit card back to us twice before he got it right.In the end, I REALLY wanted to love Chez Maman - I mean it's just so adorable - but the waiters seemed rushed and disorganized. I almost felt bad for making them so busy, which doesn't make sense because that's not how the restaurant business works. Maybe some day I'll trek into the city again for their French Onion soup...maybe...
I love steak tartar. No...I REALLY love it. And you know, you just can't get it any ol' place.Chez Maman is one of the places you can. And you SHOULD.And their moule? Shut up. Just SHUT UP. Those suckers are so plump and juicy and fresh. Definitely some of the best. Possibly even better than the ones I had while in Belgium. These people know what they're doing. Highly recommend. Chez Papa is also good. So go there too :)
Snuck in during the off hours. I am happy I didnt have to wait in a lengthy line, for medium service. Possibly, I ordered the wrong dish as well. Croque Madame-
This is my favorite place for a burger. An excellent burger served with excellent shoestring fries and excellent garlic aioli. Patty is perfectly seasoned and grilled to medium rare (the way I like it). They will cook your patty to whatever doneness you request. Juicy and flavorful. Flavorful tomato slices and greens. Freshly baked bread from local Acme bakery. I used to add on cheese, but the burger is just so delicious as is, without those extras. Ooh, get extra garlic aioli...for the burger AND the fries. That stuff is the bomb. That stuff is magic. I hate mayo, but turn it into aioli, and it's a completely different monster. Surly but cute French guys serve up the good eats. I love sitting at the bar, in front of the grill, watching the action, the dance of workers used to the close quarters, hoping to learn some of their culinary secrets. How do they make these magical burgers, with their perfect density, flavor and juiciness?! Something so seemingly simple, yet so difficult to replicate perfectly.This place is tiny, best not to come with more than four in your party...two would be best. Best also to avoid peak times, otherwise the wait can be killer. No host/hostess so they put up a sign-up board outside for your name and # in party. Plus, you'll have to wait outside, so bring something warm to wear, just in case, since it is in SF on a hill.Parking is easy as it's in a neighborhood (Potrero Hill). Bus lines frequently stop at the corner.The burger starts at $10.50, plus $1.50 per add-on, such as egg, brie, etc. I've been coming here a few times a year since 2007 (when I read about it in the 2007 Zagat Guide) and the quality has never waned. This is the BEST burger I've ever had.
Small place that can't accompany children. We all had the burger which was recommended by fellow Yelpers and the waiter. The burger was ok, nothing special about it.
Stopped by here on the way to the airport after a very, very long day of walking across San Francisco. We were immediately seated by the door when we walked in. Unfortunately, it was very cold and windy, so every time the door opened my hair and napkin were nearly blown away. I ordered the draft Belgian beer and steak frites, while the wife selected the mussels provencale. The waiter/owner never missed a chance to correct my poor pronunciation, but managed to take our order. The food arrived in a very reasonable amount of time (not too soon and not too late). My steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were crispy and hot! The mussels were tender and seasoned well, and were definitely high-quality. We would go back here in a second.
burgers done well fun friendly staff decent prices and tasty food so stop by for lunch sometime and you'll have a great time there I did
One of my favorite restaurants in SF. Maybe not the best wine list, but amazing food, service, people, and ambiance. For a party larger than 2, be prepared for a long long long wait.
I have lived in SF for 23 years and have eaten at most of the best restaurants here, as well as all over the world. While I have certainly paid more for food elsewhere, I can honestly say that Chez Maman is the BEST, most consistent restaurant I've ever eaten at. I go all the time and it never gets old. I bring visitors there and 100% get the same reaction - OMG! Greta food and awesome cozy place. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
This is a little corner of Paris...in San Francisco. If I tricked you with what felt like a long plane ride, then stood you in the doorway and told you we were in Saint-Germain-des-Prs, your stomach would agree. You'll go for the burger. You'll finish with a crme brl. You'll come back for the pasta. You'll come back for the burger. You'll add your name to his list time and time again. And yes, you'll enjoy your french fries with the garlic aioli.
I tried out this place yesterday. My wife ordered Fettucine pasta with creamy mushroom sauce. Myself, a burger with fries. The food was really good. The place is small and cozy good for a party of 2-4. Beyond that, you would have to row up on the bar. But 5 stars to the service.
Had a late lunch there today. Thought we'd be the only ones in there at 130 in the afternoon, boy was I wrong. This place is popular. Within 15 minutes of being seated the place was full. The food is great. The waiter (possibly owner?) Olivier, is awesome. Really nice guy, very attentive. The food was stellar. I had the Salmon Panini. It was excellent.
The burger lived up to my expectations. This was easily one of the most flavorful, hand formed burgers I've had in a long time.What are the chances that you walk by the very popular and very small Chez Maman and find lots of seating available? I experienced that recently, and although it's true I only need one chair when I'm dining I just don't enjoy rubbing elbows with strangers when I eat.I took a seat at the counter and was greeted with a smile and a quick hello. I took a look at the menu even though I knew what I wanted to try as soon as I walked in the door. The Basic Burger comes fairly basic with some fresh greens, tomato and onions and a choice of salad or frites to accompany the burger. There is a list of extra ingredients that can be added at extra cost. I had cheddar cheese and fresh avocado added to mine and ordered it cooked medium since I noticed a few brown spots on the raw beef. The fresh beef mixture is combined with an array of herbs and possibly fresh parsley so you'll notice lots of green specks mixed into the beef. Part of the beauty of sitting at counter seats is the ability to catch subtle details on the foods that are being prepared for you. The burger seemed to be grilled over hot coals as I didn't see any flames flare up when the sizzling juices hit the heating surface.My iced tea arrived as soon as I ordered it so I had something to occupy myself with while my burger cooked. It was very refreshing with lots of ice and a very sour lemon wedge. I like my ice tea unsweetened which it was and I love to squeeze all of the lemon juice out into the tea, plop the lemon wedge in then annihilate the rind and the pulp until lemony bits are floating throughout my tea. I find great stress relief in pulverizing lemons into iced teas.If you want the best of both worlds choosing frites over salad is the way to go. As I noticed with other customers choosing a salad you're just getting more of the same vegetables that already accompany your burger. Here's my burger platter (yelp.com/biz_photos/UTVD). The big semi-round patty was served on a grilled rectangular ciabatta roll that was very fresh and very chewy. A good bread makes a big difference! Although it's difficult to tell from the photo the beef patty was thick. It was cooked perfectly with lots of pink inside and shimmering juices dancing within the meat. The secret blend of herbs inside that burger made it amazing. I chose not to add the spring mixture of fresh greens, the ripe tomato slice or the sweet white onions to my burger, but I ate those as a side salad instead. The soft white onions were amazing in flavor as well as they were both sweet and creamy. The super thin shoestring fries were very good. I loved that when I had eaten up all of the bigger pieces mini shards of deep-fried potato crispies were uncovered on the bottom of the pile. I saved the best for last!The restaurant filled up quickly, and by the time I finished my dinner the familiar line of people waiting for an available seat was already forming outside. Bravo Chez Maman!! I hope to be back!
My Ratings:Quantity: 4 - GoodQuality: 4 - Tasty!Price: 3 - Good.Location: 3 - SmallParking: 3 - Street parkingService: 4 - NiceSpeed: 4 - QuickOverall: Really good paninis!My Opinion/Story:I like the Chicken Panini and Smoked Salmon Panini. Service is good but place is very small. The salad is nicely coated and not too much dressing. Good portions for lunch.
This tiny unassuming French bistro serves some of the city's tastiest and most affordable meals. Definitely a go to place for us.Food: Yummilicious!-Basic Burger - A French place that serves one of the burgers in SF? Yup, it's true. Hearty bun, juicy grilled patty, melted cheese, extra order of sunny side up egg. Burger heaven.-French onion soup - Melty cheesy goodness on the top, sweet onions on the bottom. 3rd best in SF, 2nd would be Absinthe, 1st would be Ducroix. -Croque Madame - Healthy version, perhaps? Thick slices of lightly toasted sweet white bread filled with cheese & ham with an egg on top. It was good, but I like mine greasy, buttery and cheesy.Service: Super efficient, friendly enough. Atmosphere: Teeny place, no fancy decor. 2 small tables and a line of bar seats indoors, 2 small tables outdoors. If you're coming on a weekday night, expect a short wait or take it to go.
Wow! HAMBURGER. Get the hamburger! Absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked juicy piece of meat in between two fluffly buns. The service is really great and the place is simple and intimate. It's a great place for a fun date night. Not a great place for large groups though. You may have to wait a little bit during prime feeding time. Totally worth the wait!!
Chez Maman is a nice little (and yes, very little) spot that would be perfect for lunch or brunch! There's basically only two main tables that can seat four people and the rest is bar seating, which basically means if you want to here, don't plan on bringing a large group of people. I came here for lunch on a Sunday and the wait for a table of four was probably around 30 minutes.This place seats its customers pretty comfortably and the portraits and music surrounding the restaurant is a nice touch. The food, from what I've read and heard, comes close to the traditional French cuisine. I ordered the Complete crepe (ham, gruyere, and a sunny-side up egg on the top), which was pretty good. A bit expensive in my opinion for the meal, but it was definitely tasty. Once the egg yolk oozes out onto the crepe, the combined flavors of cheese, ham, and egg definitely was delicious!Perhaps I didn't order the right things on the menu, but I'd definitely give this place another try when I get the chance. Next time, maybe a burger with brie and a fried egg will do the job. Hopefully the wait won't ridiculous...but personally I found the food to be decent, but slightly overhyped.
A touch of Paris in this Nice neighborhood place. Everything that came out of the kitchen looked fantastic. Didn't care for my Carbonara fettuccine because it was so different than what I'm used to but the onion soup was excellent.
If it's your first time, you are so lucky, coz you can try what ever you want and it's gonna be just fantastic.It's so special restaurant. Every dish is the best one,It's one of my favorite restaurants in the whole world.Enjoy each bite..
YUM. This tiny counter-only restaurant (plus the 2 tables outside) serves incredibly tasty food, and I can easily see how the reviews here are so incredibly high. The flat iron steak and creme brulee were delicious, and the ambiance of this place is so cozy -- absolutely loved it. My boyfriend and I came here a little on the late side, which seems to be a great key to somewhat finagling a seat inside. I'd imagine it'd be absolutely packed if you were to come around actual dinner time. Well worth the wait!
Their salad can be quite creative and super healthy, felt like I was eating earth. I went there on Chinese New Year day and you're not suppose to eat meat. It was such a torture, why not follow the Chinese tradition for just one day....salad is all I had, and some potato with carrot. My friend had the meat balls with noodle. He said it was amazing! Will have to go back to try their meat balls soon!
I love Chez maman because of the simplicity. The food is always great and the small size of the place lends itself to an intimate night out. Not good for groups, parties or kids.
French onion soup - amazing. who doesnt like ooey gooey onioney cheesy soup?!beef tartare- also amazingmussels- i could drink an entire cup of the broth everyday and not get sick of itsmall restaurant so be ready to get cozy and be patient if there's a wait!
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco. There I said it. For a while, it was a hard decision to make. But Chez Maman is just there for me every time! My options are of course cut in half because I'm a vegetarian, but unlike most places in the city, I still have a couple of things to choose from!ps- get the Hazlenut crepe for dessert... droooool....Disclosure: This review is coming from a girl who takes her love of crepes seriously. So should you!
(See pics)This is more like 3.3 stars.We trekked out here to try a new hood for food. Yes, that's how Yelp I am.Came here for brunch. Yes, that's how much I love having brunch and to try as many as brunch places as I can.We had Ratatouille that was a bit not warm enough but of good taste. My friend's Croque Monsieur had very little gruyere. Usually I would have ordered eggs but reading many praised about the burger I tried it. It was solid. The coffee was only so so.We were sitting by the door that was also at the entrance to he kitchen. It was a really small place best for 2 people. The issue was it was a hot day and with all the cooking going on it was really hot inside even with the fan on. I wish they were able to open that sun roof! I suggest sitting outside for any warm days since it's a quiet neighbourhood there would not be too many who walk pass by you.For Croque Monsieur I have to say it's way better to go to the Butler and the Chef if you can go to SOMA.
Good stuff.Came here for brunch. It is a very, very tiny place (be warned!) so either go at weird hours (we got in around 3pm, heh heh), or be prepared to wait. Any bigger groups than 2 are *not* recommended.However, the food was excellent. I loved my tomato and basil cocottes -- the cream is amazing! The mister loved the hollandaise sauce on his eggs benedict (the salmon version), but he did note that the muffins were ordinary and not as fluffy as he'd have liked it.Definitely some place I'd love to revisit.
Wow. I had no idea how tiny this place was! Don't even ask how my party of 7 managed to get seats all next to each other at the bar. I'm sure it helped that it was only about 5:30 on a Saturday evening and a party of 3 was just finishing up anyway. Almost all of us, myself included, got the basic burger with some fixings (me, swiss and bacon). Now I don't know about this being the BEST burger in SF but it is definitely ONE of the best! Meat had great flavor and I like the bread they use. The fries that come with are extremely skinny, and therefore on the crunchier side, which I don't care for so that would be my only complaint. Great seasoning though, so I wish they offered fatter fries! I would love to come back and try the mussels (another table ordered it and we allllmossttttt ordered one for ourselves, even after having just scarfed down a burger and fries) and the beef tartare.
Wow. Pretty good stuff!Went on Friday night around 10p and the place was packed! It's tiny - only two tables and 8 bar seats so it doesn't take much. But even at that hour, we had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. So be prepared for a wait, but so worth it. Once in, we ordered:Moulettes, Mariniere: garlic, white wine, traditionally you eat these with French fries but we just dunked the bread in the broth - so good! Highly recommend trying this particular dish. Crepe, Savoyarde: Brie, tomatoes, prosciutto. Not bad. the only thing I found odd was that the brie was not melted at all, so it was a strange texture contrast, since i was expecting it to be somewhat warm. Veal in cream sauce with mushrooms: deeeeeee-lish! Haha, the cream sauce was decadent and complimented well with the mushrooms. Some of the best veal I've had EVER. For dessert, crepe with berries and creme fraiche: again, pure decadence and so worth it! We closed out the restaurant, but they did not rush us at all. Fantastic service, real French folks! Obviously, the food is 5-star, the service 4.5, the atmosphere and the shockingly small space is what makes this a total of 4 stars. But absolutely worth going back!
After two failed attempts to get into the German place up the street defaulted to this place at the suggestion of the bartender at Two Sisters. Not disappointed. Nice corner location. Sweet hostess. Competant server. Decent wines by the glass. The arugula salad with sauteed goat cheese was to die for. we were both moaning. Had the veal Marsala which was delicious. Vegetables had too much garlic but they cheerfully traded for suateed fingerling potaotoes. So good my wife kept stealing them from my place. She had the chicken tacos which were a bit too spicy.
no. no no no. the burger was a dry, tasteless patty with a dense and doughy bun. don't go there for the burger. the french onion soup was great. deserving of the hype. the mussels were good. it was fun to sit at the bar, and snack on moules/frites, but were they the best mussels i've ever had? certainly not. the solo experience at the bar can't be beat, and for a second you do feel transported to a little parisian alley. why will i keep going back? the restaurant is friggin cute. keep in mind, the wait becomes extreeeemmely long as early as 630. parking is plentiful in the area, and the prices for the food are right.
Some of the best French onion soup I have ever had. We also had a cheese and garlic appetizer. It is a small place and you get to watch your food being prepared if you sit at the bar.
How is Chez Maman's French onion soup not mentioned in the review highlights?! I'll try Lou's remedy:Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup soup....Hopefully that fixed it, because this stuff was divine. The onions nearly melted in my mouth, the baguette slices were drenched in a savory (but not too salty) broth, and the layer of cheese on top was thick and oh-so-gooey.I should have just ordered two bowls of this and called it a day.Instead, we also ordered French fries with garlic aioli, as well as the fettuccine with creamy white wine sauce and mushrooms. Some of the fries were uncooked, which was rather off-putting, but otherwise, it was all very satisfying.Tip: this restaurant is tiny, so get there early, write your name on their white board right away, then go next door to Ruby Wine for some pre-dinner drinks.
What a cute little neighborhood bistro (there are only one or two small tables with mostly counter seating). The first time I tried to come here for dinner, it was super packed and the wait was too long. The second time, I came just for the creme brulee after hearing rave reviews about it. Boy was it worth it! This may be the best classic creme brulee I've ever had... it's THAT good. I would definitely come back to try their food items.-L.
We tried to go here on a Friday night but the wait was like an hour (because, again, this place is incredibly small). So we went around the corner to Sunflower. We came back here on a Saturday night with a friend (a group of 3 total), and it's really hard to seat 3, but finally after waiting for almost an hour, we got some seats at the bar.Food ordered:French Onion SoupBaked camembert x2Basic burger with brie x2Mushroom Cream PastaSide of Mashed PotatoesI think it's neat that you can see the kitchen. They accidentally burnt the cheese on my soup, but they just peeled part of the burnt cheese off and then put some fresh cheese on and baked it again. So most of the cheese on my soup was burnt and hard. I assume normally, this wouldn't happen, and the soup would be quite decent.The baked camembert is a pretty small appetizer, but it was pretty good. I really enjoyed the whole thing of baked garlic.The burgers were cooked to order and they give just the right amount of brie. The burgers were fantastic.Our friend enjoyed his pasta and potatoes, but I can't really comment on it since I didn't have any.I am actually disappointed by their complementary bread. It's always cold & hard.
OH MY GOD. Chez Maman, you've definitely made it to my favorite list. Chez Maman is a small little place. Cozy, cute and definitely bustling! I ordered the basic burger w/ brie and a friend egg and it was oh so amazing! My favorite thing thus far had to be their escargot. EW. Who eats snails?! ME! That's who! And it was a complete delight! And to top it off, I had good company and a friendly/funny/insulting French waiter. I mean insulting in a friendly way though. His wit definitely made the night more fun!
I had a great experience here! The restaurant is very quaint! A very small place with just a few tables and countertop with stools, right in front of the cooks preparing our food. I really enjoyed sitting at the countertop and watching the cooks do their magic. I had the burger with brie. As previous reviews state, the flavors in the meat are very unique for a burger! It's definitely not your 'run of the mill' ground beef patty. I got hints of 'kebab' like flavor from the patty; it tasted great. My only gripe here is that they fry their fries and bacon in the same oil, so sadly I couldn't indulge in their fries. Other than that, I really enjoyed my overall experience and food here.
I've only had the burger so far and it's EFFING GOOD and the menu looks incredible. For now, 4 starts. I'll re-post after trying other things. Great service with a smile - sweet atmosphere - like walking into a patisserie in Paris. GREAT BURGER.
Amazing!!!!!!!!!! The food is delicious and the service spectacular!! My boyfriend and I make sure to go here every time we are in the city. This restaurant is a MUST TRY!!!
Been here about half a dozen times for dinner. Pro's: Delicious, wide range of menu items that are vegetarian and meat-lover friendly, good drink selections and super affordable prices. The owner is very friendly. They stay open late! Casual: I've seen a guy come to read a book while eating dinner and no one cared. They bring the food quickly. Sometimes they play awesome house music in the background.Con's: Prepare to wait or sit (almost on top of) another guest by you. Very cramped. There isn't really any ventilation, so it's very stuffy and they cook the meals right behind the counter. I wear eye contacts and have to bring eyedrops with me. I've always gone after 9:30pm and either never waited to sit or only waited 5 minutes. The bathroom is somewhat in the same room as their stock room where some of the "pre-prepared" food items are sitting without covers. It's worth it.
Flat iron steak and frites...Love it! Long lines, but worth it!
Best burger in the city! Awesome ambiance with the chefs doing their thing just on the other side of the counter. The Thai mussels were a generous portion for a starter and plenty to share between three. Had the classic burger with goat cheese and avocado. Had the patty cooked medium and all the amazing favors came through. Aioli was super tasty but couldn't manage much of a dent in the delicious fries. Can't wait to come back!
[To the tune of T'was the before Christmas.]T'was the night after Christmas, and all through the block, Not a person was inside, so my g/f and I did flock.We were greeted quite warmly by the staff and chef's inside,With only 14 stools and a 2 tables, this place was not very wide.My g/f and I sat together and snuggled tight,and we took in the dim, warm and intimate light.As we perused through the menu, and our tummy's began to roar,There were some many choices, that I drooled on the floor.I had the french onion soup to start, which was subtly sweet,The flavors of the soup and cheese combined as one that couldn't be beat.I loved how the bread that was topped with bubbly cheese; which made for a lovely treat,this soup warmed us up especially after our chilly walk on the street.My g/f had a bubbling caldron of the Baked camembert,I don't know how to work it in to a rhyme, so I'll just say Steven Cobert.The dish was served with little triangular pieces of toast,and a hearty clove of caramelized garlic, fresh from the roast. The croque madame is what the g/f requested,The bread was gridled fried and egg/butter-basted.Smoky/succulent pieces of ham was quite a sight,And rich cheese oozed into your mouth, with every single bite.I had the "Basic burger" topped with Roquefort,The flavors we tasted, impressed both me and my cohort.The burger was moist and cooked to perfection,Most likely one of the better burgers I've had in recent recollection.As the night drove to a close, we knew it was time to head to the car,giving our regards and thanks to the cooks on the other side of the bar.We got up and waddled back into the cold; our stomachs sang in much delight,"Happy Post-Christmas to all, and to all a good-night!"Please excuse the lateness of this review,Thinking of rhymes are tough and couldn't think of a few...Seriously this is a fantastic place to get yourself a killer burger and brew.Give this place a chance, and I'll make a fan out of you.
Had dinner here with the gang the other evening.As always, this place NEVER disappoints when seeking out authentic French bistro vittles!!The edible fare consisted of the following:1- Escargots.2- Baked Camembert with roasted garlic and perfect toast points.3- French onion soup.4- Mahi Mahi.5- Steak frites.6- Burger with cheese, bacon and of course, an oeuf frit on top.7- Moules mariniere with a side of ratatouille.8- A few bottles of liquid grapes.If you happen to be on the north end of town then go to Gamine for similar fare.
I lay awake in the middle of the night thinking of ways that I could afford to eat Chez Maman's burgers every day. Monetarily and physically.
I had a fantastic experience at Chez Maman. We had to wait ~25min to be seated for dinner, but that's to be expected for such a small place. There are maybe 6 seats at the bar, 4 seats at the two small tables inside, and another 6 seats at the table outside. It's not really a "bar" --- you're sitting looking into the kitchen!I had the French onion soup and a burger topped with a fried egg. The burger was phenomenal, and the fries that came with it were excellent too. It was a pretty heavy meal overall --- some real-good feel-good French food. Exactly what I was looking for, and it really hit the spot!
Fantastic service, the best I've had in a long time, but perhaps that's because I was the birthday girl. The wait on a Wednesday night was only 25 minutes or so. It was a bit cramped, but that's a part of the appeal. The food was amazing! My favorites: the escargo and creme brulee. The prices are more than reasonable for the quality of food, service, and atmosphere you receive.
With over 1000 reviews, you can definitely trust the overall star rating. There's enough content here already, so I'll keep it brief:French Onion Soup: served every other day, and the best in the City, which puts it up there for the best worldwide. Tried french onion soup all over Paris and Chamonix, but didn't find one anywhere close to this good.Mussels: fresh and tender, in fantastic sauces. Best in the City, and therefore possibly the best worldwide. All 4 types are good, but the Thai style is ridiculous.Flatiron Steak: simply but perfectly prepared. Way better than 99% of steakhouse steaks.
Came here for brunch and had the Savoyarde crepe, friends had a burger and L'oriental crepe. L'oriental was good, with a good balance of merguez sausage and other fillings. Burger was pretty solid as well. Savoyarde was a bit disappointing. Almost entirely potatoes and very little in the way of cornichons and prosciutto made it taste kind of boring, as it was just carbs on carbs. Excellent french fries.
The wait time for parties for 3 or more kinda sucks since It's such a small place. However, the food is very flavorful. Must try the mussels and their burgers!
you must get the french onion soup! it's a dream come true. no need for more explanations.
Our group had the Basic burger with Brie and bacon, tundra salad, and vegetarian crepe, paired with some champaign made for a great late lunch!! Great food, great atmosphere, great prices!! Will definitely visit again next time were in SF!!
The garlic, cheese, and baguette appetizer was the best app I have ever had. Seriously, so good. However, I wish I just Left after that because the crepe was mediocre. But definitely coming back to try that appetizer and maybe experiment with a few more dishes.
No wonder if you have to come here at odd hours. This place is just TINY!!! My coworkers and I came for lunch at 2pm. Got a little table at the front of the restaurant and got to ordering. I got the fish with mango salad. My coworkers ordered the hamburger and the steak frittes. Everything came out delicious. My fish had that crispy outside, which I love and wish I could get when I'm cooking at home. The steak was a bit small though.
Stopped by on Sunday for lunch before a Giants game based on the reviews. We where one of the first few customers seated and got to enjoy the show of watching the chef work. Really that part was a five star experience. It was impressive to see the intricate juggling of orders in a extremely limited space and kept us entertained the entire time.The food was not as impressive. The brunch menu was pretty limited, so I had a tuna panini and she had a burger. My Panini was very disappointing, I was expecting tuna, not tuna salad and I didnt finish it. Her burger was ok and the fries where decent. Not a top ten for for either of those, so not sure what everybody was gushing over.However it was decently priced, better tasting and more fun than eating hot dogs at the ballpark.
It's as good as they say! Go for a burger and fries with aoli! Or try the mussels, flat iron steak or veal...Make sure you save room for a crepe for dessert! It's BYOB but there is a corkage fee. GREAT DATE SPOT!
Nearly 5 stars on Yelp with over 1,000 reviews?!? This place must be good! Right?NO. *insert grumpy cat face* Not 5 stars at least. And in my experience, maybe not even 4 stars. This place, as you can tell from Yelp, is super popular.This place, in case you haven't looked at their photos, is very very very small. Popular + Small do NOT mix very well. With that said, our wait was almost 3 hour long? We had no idea how small this place was going to be. Granted that we had a party of 6 (which is like a death sentence at this place), we were more than willing to split up our party in 3s, 2s, even in 1s if necessary! We were starving! But the long wait is definitely not the reason for this below average review. Overall I was not very impressed with the food. Free Bread & Butter: I know it is free, but damn, I've never had such cold bread and butter. Not a pleasant, redeeming start after that long wait, but I wasn't going to judge based off these free items. French Onion Soup: Pretty good. They use a TON of cheese which always makes everything glorious. But the overall flavor/content of the soup was nothing spectacular. Pretty good, not 5-star spectacular. But it was probably the best thing I tasted here so I'd recommend it if you've really committed to eating here.Fries: Good but a bit too salty. I'd suggest to request little or no salt. They seemed like McDonald's fries with some parsley thrown on top. No joke. I love my MCD fries, but now I just feel a little cheated at this French place.Basic Burger: Ordered medium rare with added toppings of brie, avocado, and egg. Honestly... not a fan at all. Maybe it was the brie with the beef? Maybe it was that mayonnaisey-garlicy aioli thing that came with it that really doesn't work with the brie? Or maybe it was the fact that the beef wasn't even that flavorful, the avocado was not even ripe, and the ciabatta wasn't very fresh. I think my favorite thing on that plate were the greens. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love brie. I've never had it with beef so I didn't think it'd be too bad because I've had it on almost everything else. But this pairing was def not the burger taste I was hungry for. I couldn't even and didn't even want to finish my half of the burger that I shared (the other half had these very same thoughts). But seriously, who the hell wants an UNRIPE avocado in their burger especially when you pay EXTRA to add it in?? I really tried to like this place especially after waiting so long for food that I hoped would be worth it; I honestly and sincerely tried. I guess if I were to ever return in some other delusional lifetime, I'd probably not get the brie on the beef and ask for no salt on my fries. But that's pretty much the only thing I can fix.
Nice French bistro in Portrero Hill.The food is good and inexpensive, and the atmosphere is pleasant.I came on a weekday at 2pm, and was able to find street parking easily. I was also seated right away but it might be more difficult to get a table earlier due to the small size of the restaurant.I had the aioli burger; it was excellent!I will definitely be back.
This place is always really really packed. The 2 times we have tried to go, the wait was too long. Third time was a charm... 2 people in the group got the burger and 2 people got the steak frites (myself included). The steak was cooked nearly perfect (I ordered a medium rare but defnitely got medium, where was the blood???) but it was absolutely delicious. It came with a sauce that I am assuming was melted butter, heavy cream, pepper corn, and a hint of obesity. Dipping the steak in the sauce was pretty f'in good.Unfortunately there deep fryer was down, so I had to get a different side. I got Ratatouille which is a healthier option, but it was just meh. I will definitely be back here and the waiter is actually really fast talking and no nonsense and a little pushy. These sound like bad qualities, but I always know what I want so it's not a big deal to me, but other people can be very slow to order and I secretly appreciated him pushing them along.
Oh the Onion Soup was sooooooooooooo good. All the cheesy melty goodness. The soup alone was a bit heavy.The burger is good but the flavor is a bit different than what i am use to. The mussels were ok. Size of the individual mussels were on the bigger side hence mushiness. Would definitely come back for the Onion Soup.
A French hamburger grill? Nothing could be more delightful. As an American I really do love hamburger. I loved it as a kid going to MacDonald's, I loved it as a teen in the late night dinner, but as an adult a good burger became hard to find. Oh yes there where still Big Mac's and blue-plate specials, but my taste had changed and a Big Mac just won't stay down.Then we discovered Chez Maman, a little French hamburger grill on Potrero which serves the adult version of my favorite childhood meal. It starts with the bread. No Wonderbread knock-off, Chez Maman uses real bread. Bread you would eat bare or with a pat of butter, that kind of bread.  That in it's self sets the bar, but then they bring out the cheese, now you're sitting at the adult table. Of course they have Swiss, but they also have goat, and Brie! Eating hamburger with Brie cheese is the best of both worlds; you are at once savage and refined. Finally the garlic seasoning. This may just be me, but garlic makes every single thing it touches better. Round the meal off with real fries, spring salad and a Belgium beer. Perfection.Chez Maman has other tasty offerings like their mussels, French onion soup and crepes, but try as I might their hamburger steals the show every time.
This place... you've got to be kidding me! It is incredible. Best pork and brussel sprouts I've ever eaten. Absolutely worth the wait and I can't wait to go back. Excellent server too... I think his name was Loren.
The best burgers in town hands down! I also loved the mussels. If you want to make new friends...French friends...come here. The waitstaff and cooks are right in front of you while you eat. I loved coming here!
Simply delicious.I've been to Chez Maman in the past and I recently returned for a weekday lunch with coworkers in the mood to change up the usual sushi routine. There was no wait close to 1pm and we all left happy and satisfied. If you're the type that needs to be doted on this is not the place for you. The frier wasn't working when we went- so we couldn't order fries (huge bummer) and although the server told us before we sat down, he wasn't very apologetic about it- in a "just be a big girl and have a salad" kinda way :)If you're in the neighborhood and want simple yet flavorful food check out Chez Maman. The Crepe Suzette is YUM-O and the burger is delish. I wish I could cook the way they do- they make it look so easy!
This place is small- seats 14...but I watched them shoehorn a 15th in the window booth. It's like musical chairs to get everyone situated.Turn-over is seriously fast- there were 2 couples ahead of us, and it looked like no one was leaving any time soon. We were assured it wouldn't be a long wait. Sure enough, less than 15 minutes later we were settled into our bar seats, menus in hand.SoD: French Onion- surprise, surprise- seriously good. Order this!Moi: Burger with goat cheese, and bacon. Caramelized onions, and lightly dressed field greens on the side (went on top!). Cooked to a perfect medium. Shoestring fries, garlic aioli. Deliciousness. Huge- shared half with the Boi.Boi: Croque Madame, served with a little fried eggy on top. He enjoyed. I don't do ham, so I have no idea. Beautiful grill marks on the bread, though!Chez Maman wrote the book on efficiency! We had an awesome vantage point from the bar. Not a missed step. Excellent timing. Delicious food. Overall very impressive! We shall return. Again, and again.
Went twice, both great dinners. The burger was a good size, not a crazy size but a good size and very flavorful. Yes, the brie was unique and well worth the adventure. Opted for the mixed greens salad --- yeah look at me getting healthy. The white Burgundy by the glass was reasonable and just what I wanted. Had hoped to make another trip there and voila, it happened. This time opted for le moules. Tasty plentiful meaty mussels in your choice of preparation. Classic and hit the spot. The Frites. Well, of course they were outstanding, too. I think they included the sauces, but right now can't recall. They probably had something akin to the Andoulous sauce....unless memory and fantasy are playing with me (yet again.)And I went for the dessert crepe one night----- oh, I coulda just done that. Soo good. Try it----split it if you can. Tiny place. All sorts of people. Great to sit at the bar (like you have a choice most times), you'll meet somebody interesting no doubt. Price is somewhere between moderate and spendy depending on some of your choices.
The burger was so simple and juicy. The bread is a great way to catch all the juices as it leaks out of the burger with each bite. The meat is seasoned so well and lets just say your doctor won't be too happy with you especially after dipping the fries in the aioli which is an absolute must. The aioli is garlicky and creamy and goes well with everything. I think next time I am going to ask for an extra one. It is that good.
Waited an hour and a half, and it was WELL worth it.Trust me on this one.
The service is what killed this place more than the mediocre burger slathered in roquefort cheese. The waiter was an uppity Caucasian guy who seemed quiet distressed to have two darker patrons which was odd because as French as this restaurant is it has nothing but latino cooks.As my friend put it "it's like you gotta pinch his butt to make him say thank you". Super insincere, we came during Brunch and everyone around us was ordering off the brunch menu. We asked for a regular menu, he said it's brunch hour so that's the typical menu we still managed to order a french onion soup which was WAY more delicious than a burger.The seating is minimal, we ended up sitting right across from the grill so it was a hot seat but if the service wasn't so lackluster and the meal so mediocre Chez Maman may have earned more then a Meh, I've experienced better. I uploaded a picture of the burger and the yum yum soup.Adios Chez Maman!
This is the best neighborhood French cafe! Small, but in a good way. The food is really great (Eggs Benedict and scrambled eggs) and the price point reasonable. This gem tucked in a corner of Potrero Hill is a must.
If you're impatient, this is not the place.If you're still reading, this little place is full of surprises and charm.Mussels, onion soup and deserts are my favorite, not a big fan of the crepes though.
French diner food that is casual, approachable, simple and straightforward. Like how it should be. I would even say I'd prefer this place over Bouchon in Napa because of the four reasons I listed above. I like the fact that it's small enough for one person to serve the entire restaurant. I also like watching the team of chef(s)/cooks interact with each other. You can definitely tell they make a good team, and that's really important when delivering food and service that is good and consistent.
Zero complaints. Sat at bar and watched our meal being prepared. Started with Les Moules Thai. Spicy, spicy...with coconut milk, garlic, cilantro and lemon grass. Our server, Olivier, recommended the ros, a pino noir that was crisp and dry, lovely and even refreshing. We also split the burger, medium, with cheddar and avocado. It was stellar. It was oddly, beautifully thin. So every bite had the right amount of flavor without leaving me over-stuffed. Finished with a frothy cappucino that placed a perfect exclamation point at the end of this five star meal. Oh, and how could i forget, the fries...order the fries.
You know you're going to wait if you eat here. Embrace it. The wipe board and marker help make the wait tolerable. And then to have a glass of wine while you wait? Perfect, don't mind if I do.The vibe in this little counter bistro also is great, nearly matching the food. You can feel that everyone's excited to eat there, and the staff actually smiles. Olivier is full of energy. So waiting at 9pm on a Tuesday night? No problem. Chez Maman is an interesting review for me, since I'm winding down a list ranking of SF burgers. Again, my ranking may not seem fair since this is a restaurant, not a dedicated burger spot. Or maybe that's just my hangup. Every ingredient in the burger is flavorful. I ordered two so I could eat half of each that night, and half the next day: both cooked medium, one with roquefort cheese, the other with cheddar and bacon. The burgers came with aioli mayo, tomato slices, marinated lettuce, and sauteed onions. Definitely a different taste from typical American burgers due to the patty and thicker roll. Is it the perfect taste for me? No, due to the roll, but I can appreciate that other people would love it. Frites are excellent, again in French style - and if you like the style, you'll love these.
Chez Maman is sooo worth the wait! Wow, talk about a burger! I don't even typically order burgers, but everything about this one made it worth every calorie, it was just perfect! Pair that with some delicious better-than-in-n-out fries, and you will be in heaven! We waited about an hour, but we were able to head to the wine shop next door for a $10 wine tasting (only on Friday nights from 5-8), which made the wait time fly by. We also brought a bottle of wine to Chez and paid the $15 corkage fee. They popped the bottle as we waited and 1 glass in, we were seated at the bar.Even though the burger was fabulous, it was the creme brulee that really stuck out to us. It was so delicious and something that we definitely will order the next time. What a great culinary experience!
Definitely 5 stars for the food....hands down one of the best skirt steaks with peppercorn sauce I ever had in my life! My partner had an equally impressive chicken burger with extra avocado and bacon (5 stars!). We went to eat at a non-peak hour (3pm) so we didn't have any problems with waiting but I can see how such a small space with such great food would be packed. It's definitely not a place for large groups and get ready to bump elbows while you're seated at the counter. (this is reason for lower stars). But if you don't mind this, you will NOT be disappointed.
First time I was here, I tried the coq monsieur. It was good, I've had better. However my friend's mussels poulette is awesome. The sauce was so good I could drink up the whole thing like soup. The burger is excellent. It's what make it a 5 stars and absolutely not because of the service. The service made it a french restaurant. Highly recommend the poullete and burger.The escargots are really good too.
This is a little corner of Paris...in San Francisco. If I tricked you with what felt like a long plane ride, then stood you in the doorway and told you we were in Saint-Germain-des-Prs, your stomach would agree. You'll go for the burger. You'll have the mussels. You'll finish with a crepe. You'll come back for the pasta. You'll come back for the burger. You'll add your name to his list time and time again. And yes, you'll enjoy your french fries with the garlic aioli.
The food was great, complete with an authentically rude French waiter. The server, Laurent, was beyond rude. Extremely short with my boyfriend and I, impatient and generally dismissive, it completely ruined what was otherwise great food. When we missed our names on the waiting list, he shook his head and reprimanded us like children. We understood that we'd have to wait for a table and did not argue, but he continued to be equal parts reprimanding and dismissive. When I for tomatoes and pears on the otherwise lettuce only salad, I was charged $13.75; the salad is only $6. When we asked if we could take a creme brulee to go, we were told sharply, no, with a shrug, "I can not give this to you to go. If it is not in a dish, you can not have it." Apparently this terrble service isn't new; the bf, a huge fan of the place, just shrugged and acknowledged the habitual rudeness but puts up with it because the burgers are amazing. Meh. NO establishment has food THAT great.
My boyfriend lives around the corner from this place, so we come here all the time. They have some of the best french onion soup that I have ever had. Keep in mind that they only have one type of soup each day. I believe that they always have the french onion soup on Saturday and Sunday. Take into account that if you come here on the weekend during prime dining hours, you will have to wait a while. I love the atmosphere of this place, because it is a very cozy. Unfortunately, the trade off which comes with dining in a small place, is waiting for an open table. The restaurant seats less than twenty people, so parties over four are prohibited. I promise that it is worth the wait!! Also, they just opened a bigger location in Hayes Valley. Everything I have had here is delicious, authentic french food. The fries with garlic aioli are always come out fresh and hot. They are heavenly. The burgers and crpes are great too. You can taste the quality of the ingredients in all of their dishes. The last time I was here, I had the Fettucini with creamy white wine sauce and mushrooms, now I have dreams about that dish!I have a major sweet tooth and have adored every dessert that I've tried here. I want to taste them all, but haven't yet because I can only resist the chocolate mouse about half of the time. It is rich, creamy and topped with hazelnuts- so scrumptious!
The best brunch!!! Tasty food! Comfy atmosphere! U can watch how the food has been cooked!
This is such a charming, cozy restaurant. You feel as if the food had been especially prepared just for you.
Chez Maman houses the cousins/close relatives of the 'perfect burger'.The burgers here are simple, meat patties topped with simple veggies, CHEESE (Gruyre, please), wrapped in a bun, with a side of fries per usual. The meat patty was QUALITY. It was well seasoned and had some of that melt-in-your-mouth quality which is my weakness. On top of that, the owner is awesome! He goes around makes conversation and make sure the patrons are enjoying their food and atmosphere. On top of their burgers, their crepes are also deeeelicious! Definitely need to order that after you meal, no matter HOW full/fat you are feeling!I really enjoyed the simplicity and quality of the burger at Chez Maman. Though IMO this isn't the burger to beat on my list, it sure ranks very highly.GRUB ON!
I had the beef burger with cheddar, which was delicious. The onions on the burger were perfectly crunchy, the meat in the burger was gorgeously seasoned, the cheese was spectacularly melted, and the roll was superb. I got it with a salad on the side which was good, but I mainly used it as lettuce for my burger and wish I had ordered the fries. I also ordered the Amber Ale from France which was tasty, served in an aesthetically pleasing slender beer glass. The decor: small bistro with mainly bar top seating, one booth with seating for a total of four and two small tables outside. I'd definitely recommend this place if you're eating solo, with just one other person, or for take out.
Amazing burgers and brunch items!! The burger ($11) comes with fries and this delicious aioli dipping sauce. So so good. Also tried the Croque Madame w/ egg ($11). The french onion soup is pretty popular too.Small space so expect a wait, especially on weekends. Love the bar seating and all the food is cooked in front you.
Very cute bistro. It has about ten seats at the bar, which overlooks the open kitchen, which I love. There's a table inside that seats about 4-6, and a table outside that seats about 2-3. Very, very small. But if you're lucky enough to be strolling by one day, stop by and order the hamburger, medium, with brie. It's SO delicious! They add an aioli sauce (instead of ketchup and mustard) which is quite good.
I was told about the burger before hand and went there for that. I had the basic burger and added goat cheese. It was fantastic. I had the onion soup to start out and that was nice too since it was a cold night. I also had a Affligem which was on tap and very delicious. Laurent, the server, was an excellent host. I highly recommend this place.
Typically French server, with a little more California warmth; pretty good ham and cheese crepe. Croque madame could never be the same as in Paris but, also pretty good. Escargot pretty good, but, when I had them in Paris I didn't have to work so hard to get them out of the shell and they tasted fuller, richer, more melty and less meaty ... these were also slightly chewy, chewier than i'd like. Dessert wines were pretty good. friends liked their orders. teeny tiny place ... a very tight long hallway behind the counter stools, a couple teeny tables squeezed into the window, the rest of the tables are outside, also squeezed together on sidewalk. you better be slender or come with a game plan. :)we did have a long wait time mainly cuz the friend we were dining with was late and we wanted to sit together, otherwise it would have been 20-30 min. we went to the thai restaurant at the end of the block for happy hour which made it no big deal. plus that restaurant has a gigantic, clean, and pretty bathroom ... much better experience than the bathroom at Chez Maman
It really does feel like you are in France.  This is a romantic spot and I have taken my wife here many times as we always enjoy it. If theres a wait the wine bar next door is an excellent time killer.
Chez Maman is always packed and there is usually a waiting list. The good news is service is speedy. I'm not sure what exactly is in the vegetarian burger because it looked like a sloppy mess. However, the flavor was divine and I'm sure it was mostly due to the goat cheese. In any case, it confirmed goat cheese as my new favorite cheese. The frites were also flavorful. The long narrow dining hall makes this a great place to come with one or two people. They are also on top of their takeout game, so make sure you pick up your order as soon as possible or suffer the wrath of a cold meal.
Delicious fries and awesome service. Our waiter checked in with us often and had a great sense of humor.I had the burger, which was good, but the next time I go, I'm going to have to try the steak tartare, since that's what the other diners were ordering. Also, order a side of fries. Yummy.
Wow one of the worst lunches I've gotten in the area. The French server should probably get fired for his passive aggressive attitude and lack of follow up service. The crepe I had tasted like cardboard. The guacamole my friend ordered was gross. How do you mess up guacamole?! Not to mention the server gave us some lecture about relaxing in French restaurants when half the food is Mexican. Was excited when this place opened. Would not go back.
While not intended to indicate a "Michelin 5 star" deal, the 5 are intended to signal that Chez Maman is all it can be: merveilleux! Where else to start but with the food: insanely fresh, rich, scrumptious and hearty fare prepared briskly in front of you (me and my friend were oogling over my bright pink salmon piece which instantly grilled before our eyes), and served to us swiftly. Her burger was to die for: tender, pink and tasty. Both were served on the perfect type of bread with just the right amount of dressing which wasn't too heavy but had enough substance to do the trick. Based on the surrounding dishes' appearance, I'm planning to order a hot sandwich next time (and there will be a next time) - most likely a new obsession of mine, the croques-monsieur ...although the crepes - adorned with a enticingly lackadaisically rollling egg - were also pretty tantalizing.As a final touch, the coffee was, of course, very good and served in an authetic-like brewing pot. My friend got a refreshing lemonade that she raved about; it was served in a classy glass to help us feel even more chic than the francophones surrounding us did.The coup de grace was the service: everyone was promptly receptive to our need for a table....menus...drinks...and again, lightening-fast food delivery. But the ultimate chef d'oeuvre was the fact that my meal got comped. This is where the 'grace' exits: I completely ignored the "employees only" sign above the stairwell and boldly went upstairs in search of la salles de bains....when I came back down, I slipped on the last few stairs, making my presence even more known than my laugh had moments earlier. I suffered two ow-ies and the mgt did provide some ointment, which was by and far acceptable. But they also felt the need to cover up my own carelessness by serving me "a la maison."The food and ambiance were so great that I was planning to return regardless, but the added comp touch made this yelp unavoidable.
One word to describe this place: DOPE! This place was so good... so San Francisco.Ordered the Egg Benedict and an order of the fish burger and WOW it was delicious. I would come back again and again.
I've been here twice now and both times the food has been beyond amazing. The service is 5 stars and it's just a cozy little spot with great food!
Bacon and goat cheese burger, amazing!
Awesome. Food was great, service was lively, humorous and attentive and sitting outside on the sidewalk on Potrero Hill was super fun. Crpe Suzette to finish was a crack up and delicious.
Yes. It lives up to the hype. The food is spectacular and the service is personable and warm. Try the crepes or the burgers or the French onion soup. Chances are you'll have to wait a bit, but have a glass of wine in front of the door. It's worth it. A great place to catch up with an old friend or enjoy a romantic evening!
Loved this restaurant and cannot wait to come back. Came here with 5 people, which is a large number to seat in such a small space. There was a wait but the hostess was very accommodating and sweet. The menu was awesome. It really reminded me of a French cafe. We got 3 different types of mussels and fries. The best flavors were the Thai and Provencale. The fries were awesome as well. The cinnamon pain perdu also stood out as one of the best desserts I've had in a long time. Highly recommend!
very good. I love their fish burgers and crepes. Desserts are very tasty. We usually go for lunch because the waiting time is less than in the evening.
I love eating here... I do so about once a week. Chez Maman has such delicious food. When I take a bite of food there, sometimes I feel like nothing else exists but my taste buds for that brief moment. Aaaaahhhh, delight! The Chestnut Crepe dessert makes me weep. The Mahi Mahi, endive salad, camembert cheese appetizer... yum, yum, yum.That being said, it is a small place and it gets packed with a long wait and you can't make a reservation. The majority of the seating is at a counter where the cooking is happening right in front of you. The heat from the stoves makes your face so toasty. I like that, but it might not be for everyone. It's a great place to go on a date because if you sit at the counter, you're snuggled next to your honey, getting a warm face and happy belly. Just the best...!
We came here for brunch. I guess the food was ok. Nothing great. A little expensive for basic brunch. I dont think it was all too French but perhaps it was.Service was fine but again a little pricy for what you get. It wasn't gourmet or anything.
Tip: A little cramped and if you're not used to hot and humid, you may want to opt for one of the three tables available. The bar seats are right in front of the stove so you'll get a view of everything that's going on, but the heat may just get to you if you're not one for warm settings.Food: had the mahi mahi for lunch. Fish was fresh and the mango salad on the side was a nice twist. All of their ingredients are fresh and their always-busy scene keeps the turnover rate of food quite quick. Also tried their chestnut Chantilly. I didn't know that it was a fully crepe, but while it was a bit too much for me as one person, it was a perfect dessert to share between 2-3 people. Chestnut filling was house made.
The extraordinary burger here has set a new standard against which I will measure all future instances of burgerness. You can add the following add-ons to your burger for $1.50 each: Goat cheese, Cheddar, Brie, Roquefort, Avocado, Bacon, Egg, Swiss. I asked our server which two I should chose and ended up with a medium burger topped with goat cheese and bacon.  Can't go wrong with bacon, but I think I'll opt for a different cheese next time. Cute, hole-in-the-wall-ish feel.
IIts the morning after... Saturday morning specifically. We're hungry. I mean, it is the morning after, duh.Usually the conversation goes something like this:You wanna grab some food?Sure!Where do you wanna go?I don't care. You pick, I picked last time.I don't know. What do you feel like?I'm down for whatever.Okayy... something old or new?Umm new! I don't know anything though.. Or we can just go down the street.Hmmm.. okay lemme yelp something. Oh I know! This new place I wanna try.. Its supposed to have a bomb-ass burger.Oh I think I heard of that too! Okay lets do it!DAMMNIITTT indecisiveness is NOT HELPING to ease my hunger pangs but giving me the grumps instead. Give me some meat now!!We finally decided on Chez Maman which sits on top of potrero hill and is super tiny but cozy as well. We arrived at 12ish and found 2 seats at the bar. We ordered 2 coffees and the bf ordered a burger souped up with cheddar, bacon, and an egg ($1.50 each to add on), served with pommes frites and a little salad mix. It's hilarious, anytime there is an option to add fixins to his order he usually adds a minimum of 3, making the $10 burger almost double the price. What can I say? He has a bear appetite. Hahha.. but I have to say that burger was pretty mean. I ordered the salmon heart-shaped panini with salad mix on the side. I loved being able to watch the cooks at work in front of me and I loved my salmon heart panini. =)Afterwards we took a nice little stroll around the neighborhood, stopped next door at Baked and admired their goodies and their $8 bags of granola, walked by other restaurants and noted possible future eateries, took pics of pretty murals on the corner, stopped by a garage sale down the block that sold a camera with a note attached saying "Works okay sometimes, mostly not" and shopped at Collage where the bf bought a vintage money clip (random! hahha).J'adore!!
Dining at this "hole in the wall" French-styled bistro felt like being transported to a cafe along the narrow alleyways of Paris. The atmosphere was inviting and warm. As for the food: it was wonderfully simplistic, carrying delightful complimenting flavors.
My life is complete. They have french onion soup every day now. I have once pondered getting two of these bowls of awesome instead of getting a dinner entree...this might have to happen!
Great place for a quick sandwich or a bistro bite. Small small small, you need to remember to sign the white board on the left when you walk up (we didn't know but luckily, we were only second in line). My partner had the chicken pesto sandwich and I had the French ham and cheese sandwich that I can never pronounce. Mine was okay but his was to-die-for. It was amazingly good. I want to go back and try more!
This place is GOOD. I'll leave it at that.FOOD:Started with the french onion soup. It's quite salty so I'd recommend sharing it with another person; there's a sufficient amount to satisfy both persons. Don't question it, get the basic burger, cooked medium (deep pink center). You don't really need the extra sides since the burger is great as is. The aioli was fantastic and had a hint of garlic which was great for dipping fries. The lettuce for the burger was more of a side salad and added a great touch to the burger. Also had the fish burger; it's actually a salmon burger which we also had cooked medium which came out slightly raw which I have nothing against. The poulette mussells were so good and it was FILLED with shallots and bacon in almost every shell. The soup at the bottom was damn delicious! If burgers and mussels aren't your thing, the veal w/ creamy white wine sauce and mushrooms is something worth trying. EVERYTHING ELSE:The wait varies with the hour of the day you choose to show up. Waited about 10 minutes at 6:30pm but by 7:45pm, there were lots of people waiting outside. The place can fit at a maximum of like 14 people inside so having a party of five or more is going to be pretty much impossible. It's also worth noting that this place doesn't take reservations.
Warm goat cheese with arugula-a winnerGrilled salmon with roasted potatoes--grilled crisp outside, barely set inside=perfect.Cinnamon pain perdu--WOWDietary setback worth every bite
If I can give 6 stars, I would! Located at Protrero Hill, the French Onion soup is AWESOME. I've never really liked French Onion soup because they are always on the salty side but here - just perfect. Just about everyone who came in ordered the French Onion soup.Also ordered Oeufs Cocottes (poached egg with cream) with smoked salmon and goat cheese, served with roasted persilade bread - also superbly cooked. The most fun experience is watching your order cooked right in front of you at the bar. I watched first-hand how long it takes to reduce cream for the Oeufs Cocotte!  Was a little bit concerned that I ordered too much food but the portions were sized adequately enough that I was able to down both the French Onion soup and Cocotte, especially since they were BOTH so deliciousWithout a doubt, if you're in the area, try this place out! PS. The other reviewers are right, go early if you don't want to wait - it's a TINY place.KPI (Key Performance Indicators) ratings (1-5, 5 - best):Quality: 5Delivery/Service: 5Cost: 5
I always look forward to eating at Chez Maman - one of my go-to restaurants in SF. So very charming. It's small and intimate - perfect for date night or a long overdue catch-up with a girlfriend. My favorite dishes are the carbonara pasta, baked camembert, and the burger. Recommend going during off hours unless you don't mind waiting for a table. The restaurant only seats about 12-15 people, so it's not recommended for groups. Head over to Aperto across the street if you've got a larger party. Parking isn't terrible but you night need to circle a couple times during peak dinner hours.
Love this place, close by my work, the food here is awesome the ingredient is fresh and services was exellence!
I'm absolutely sure that coming here at 4 on a Friday afternoon was a split decision to our advantage. Only about 4 patrons were inside, but after we ordered the place started to fill up quickly. With only about 13 seats in the joint, the wait time undoubtedly becomes frustrating for anyone who shows up at a normal eating time.What I enjoyed most was the presentation of our food. We had the endive salad and the camembert with toast points. I watched the cook prepare and arrange
Arrived at 11:15, two adults two kids - super excited to eat their delicious burgers. Their only table for four opened up but the maitre d sat a table for 1 (ahead of us) and a table for 2 (after us), knowing pretty darn well 4 seats would not open up again until they left. We stood there like fools for the next 30 minutes while parties of 2 kept being sat. Starving, and feeling like Chez Maman Potrero doesn't want kids in their restaurant, we gave up and went to Goat Hill Pizza.
Sacre bleu! Quel queue! Oh mon dieu!Came here for brunch with some friends (we were a party of three) and we arrived around noon. Note to self: never go to a tiny place around noon on a Sunday. The place was packed with people milling about outside. We put our name down in anticipation of a 30 minute wait, crossed our fingers, and wandered the lovely neighborhood (un promenade, if you will)When we came back, we were one of two parties of 3+ waiting to be seated. Quel chance! The party before us did not want to sit outside as it was un peu chilly, so we were seated promptly. As we avoided the dirty looks from people who thought we jumped the line, (we put our names down!! Honest!) my friends ordered burgers and I, bien sur, the croque madame. The croque madame was sunny side up delicieux-ness mingled with ham, gruyere and the side salad was tres agreable. My friends loved their burgers and I loved their fries and aioli. The waiter was a bit surly but I would be curt too if I had to turn tables around at the impressive rate he was doing to seat everyone. Bravo!
Thanks again fellow Yelpers! This place was great~! My husband and I headed into the city for the Toadies concert at The Bottom of the Hill and were searching for a place to catch a bite beforehand. We walked past the different restaurants along 18th and decided on this one based on the menu and the recommendations on Yelp. This place is quite small but it adds to the quaint ambiance. I think there were 2 small tables and maybe 10 stool seats at the counter. The other side of the counter is the kitchen so you can see firsthand all of the deliciousness being produced. Plus, you're instantly warm and cozy because you are so close to the heat. We started off with a couple beers and french bread with butter. Good times already. Now for dinner:-Les Moules (Poulette) = Mussels with shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley. This had to be the best mussels dish I've ever had! It looked appetizing from start to finish! Talk about eating with your eyes first! The mussels were tender and the sauce was absolutely heaven. Be sure to order a side of fries or save some bread from the basket to dip into the yummy sauce. I would most certainly order this again.-Burger with fries. This burger is juicy, massive and comes with a tasty aioli spread. The bun was substantial and tasted fresh. The fries are thin, crispy, and well seasoned. Also a keeper.The baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points also looked delicious along with their dessert menu & crepes. Alas, we were too stuffed with the dinner. Next time for sure!
Last night, I had dinner here with a friend before a concert. I put my name on the list and wandered off since there was like 7 people before us. When we returned, my name was crossed off due to not being there when my name was called. We waited a little and they let us in after another pair was seated, so that was nice of them. He gave us a little bit of attitude at first but got over it I think. Anyway! The menu was filled with delicious choices, from crepes, sandwiches, burgers, and steak. I chose to go with the french onion soup ($6) and caesar salad ($10). The french onion soup was amazing! Really tasty, cheesy, and with the perfect broth. You can watch them make it since the restaurant is so small and the entire kitchen is exposed. Dipping the house bread in the soup was a fantastic idea. The caesar salad, served with two slices of anchovies, was so-so. A little bit salty and too expensive I think for just a regular sized salad. I should have ordered the burger as the other tables had ordered it and it looked delicious. Will do for next time. We ended our meal with coffee and a cappuccino. The coffee was pretty delicious as well. Note-to-self -- don't over-do the cream by accident. Overall, it was a pretty good experience.
Came here for dinner. Very small (seems to seat around 20?) and intimate, and a perfect date spot. I just returned from Paris and this place made me so nostalgic! The food is authentic and the waiter we had even spoke french to us. C'est tres bien.Shared the baked camembert with garlic, chez maman burger with brie, and the fettucini carbonara. The burger was delicious, although the bread ratio was a little much and sometimes masked the delicious contents. The pasta was the best carbonara i've ever had, but it's definitely super heavy and creamy and will slow you down after.There's just so much on the menu that looks delicious! Will definitely venture back.
Salmon crepe - deliciousEggs with lamb sausage - goodhamburger with brie - greatfrisee salad with poached egg - delicious but not very filling for the price
Once upon a time, two post post-Renegade Craft Fair goers were hungry for lunch and in need of a place to eat.In pops Chez Maman, an eatery one of the two girls had been to before, courtesy of a previous read Yelp review. One word: burgers."These are not your ordinary burgers," one girl confessed. "There's a hint of gourmet-from the aioli dressing, the lettuce infused with vinaigrette, the bun (Acme), the smoky flavored and tender hamburger cooked exactly how you want it (medium) and julienned cut french fries. I also ordered mine with an egg on top and it was...mmm!"Two burger orders and a sit at an outdoor table on a quiet street, the girls, although hungry, savored every bit, eating everything off their plates, literally.Post lunch, coffee and chocolate and lounged a bit before returning to reality.Not the end, but the beginning of a beautiful relationship with food. To be continued.
Tiny space but great food!We went around 1 p.m. today and only had to wait a few minutes. We sat at the bar across from the stove which was so hot but the service and food were good enough that we didn't care. Between the four of us we had a basic burger with brie, salmon burger with goat cheese, ham/egg/cheese crepe and salmon crepe. Everything was delicious! Next time I will definitely be getting just coffee and a dessert crepe... how could I turn down nutella and banana a second time?
The escargot, the mussels...everything was absolute divinity!
Love their chicken panini and burger! The garlic aioli has just the right amount of garlic. The merguez panini however, wasn't as good. The sausages were oddly placed so you didn't get the good meat to bread ratio and the sausage was dry. I'd go back for the other stuff though!
Best Steak Frites in town. Excellent Creme Brullee. Simple good vin de table. Only bad thing: the line - it's a nightmare. prepare to wait for at least 30 min night or day.
Brunch at Chez Maman felt like a Man versus Food challenge. It's been 4 hours since brunch today and I am still stuffed. A bit of a small hole in the wall brunch spot with heaps of charm. Seats are extremely limited, so arrive either really early or really late like I did. We only had to wait for 15 minutes before getting seated. All three of us ordered more or less the same thing, medium rare burgers with brie and a runny egg, with a mountain of fries and a little bit of greens to top it off. Oh it's to die for. Laurent the server seemingly frowns upon any wasted food, so I felt a twinge of guilt for not finishing my fries. The back side of the Chez Maman shirt, by the way, says Finis ton assiette! (finish your plate!). I'll try harder next time? Oopsie.Definitely coming back whenever I'm around Portrero Hill :)
The food here is absolutely delicious! My favorites are the onion soup and the mussels, but everything I've tried has been great! The ambience leaves a little something to be desired. The place is always PACKED and feels very crowded. On the plus side, it's fun to sit at the counter and watch them make your food!
My breakfast/lunch experience happened on a weekday right when they opened so I had no problem sitting that the bar and being served. It was just an ordinary day with an ordinary order (Croque Madame and Crme Brulee) BUT I loved the ambiance. So small and unassuming, reminded me of our trip to South of France - I did notice that it became busy and just a tad crowded @ noon but that's to be expected. It was a nice experience and would love to come back with the family.
Finally got in to this place as it's usually very very crowded and I LOVE it. Savoyarde crepe, mahi, burger, salmon are delicious. Onion soup!!!! Best in the city. Finish with the fantastic chocolate mousse.
So I decide to go to Chez Maman on Fathers Day for lunch which happened to be a Sunday. We arrive at the place not knowing what to expect and realize the freaking small it is!! All the seats they have are 4 seats outside in the misty foggy weather or 4 table seats inside with plenty of seats at the open counter/bar.I was trying to impress my dad since he LOVES his burgers and I heard they have some decent fatties at this place. We wait about close to an hour just for a space but it wasn't a problem since the store right next door which technically is a wine tasting place with there ol' fancy people was blasting some Skrillex which I found odd but HELL YEA!! *i feeling a firing in the force*When we got in we order one Mussels Poulette ($14) which was pretty good but just too salty also with French fries with aioli ($5), two Creme and Onion soups that were yummy and greasy ($6 each)Smoked salmon panini with dill, crme fraiche, capers($12) which was good and smokey with a hit of creamy goodness and two Basic burgers ($12) with avacado, bleu cheese(+$3) and the whole deal. My moms burger came out fine just the way she wanted and my dad ordered a well done burger but got medium rare instead! DAMN YOU CHEZ MAMAN :( So much for impressing *sigh*.We get inside and get ready to order so let me strip it down for you:Pros:-Nice calm music for the atmosphere-Delicous smoked salmon-Suculent and HUGE mussel bites (the broth was meh)-Hostess was nice but don't expect much from the frenchies!-Yummy onion soup (not the best I've had)Cons:- Big use of frozen goods in there foods (french fries, veggies, salads)- Lengthy wait time due to limited spacing- 30min+ wait time-Burger came under cooked-Fries tasted like the ones you buy at your local store, soft and tasteless-Dad wouldn't come back :(In all I would come again but not anytime soon. The food was good but it didn't taste like authentic french unlike what I've had in the city but still yummy.
Tiny place. Came here at 10:30pm on a Friday and the 5 of us had to sit outside! (burrrr!) The server with the cute french accent is just adorable. I wanted to take him home so he can say sweet nothings to me in french all day! He was super helpful, energetic and charismatic.Escargot: i don't usually eat weird creatures with parasites but damn it's good. French onion soup: I ate it like a neanderthal, table manners flew out the window. SO. F-ING. GOOD. Camembert with garlic: neanderthal status again. Flat iron steak: nothing special. get a burger if you want red meat.Lamb: nicely done. juicy lamb kebabs with yummy veggies. Fettucini with mushrooms: the m ushrooms really made this dish so special. It's on a rich side, but it's so tasty you just can't help but eat it!crepes: ehhhhhhhhhh....... blahhhh............. booooooo.........I will definitely return to try their burgers. Can't wait!
I love this cute little bistro! And when I say little, I mean it. There's literally no more than one booth and probably 6 bar chairs. It's probably not a place you'd take a girl on your first date since it's not exactly aesthetically pleasing. It's a no frills, roll up your sleeves kinda place. Prices are decent, but it's by no means cheap.Must haves:Camembert: who doesn't love roasted garlic, melted camembert, and warm baked bread?! yumm!Marnier: clams with white wine, garlic, and shallots. Super delicious and healthy (well, according to my standards)Burgers: I'm normally not a burger person, but Chez Maman really knocks it out of the ballpark. Add a fried egg and a slab of brie. You're welcome.The only complaint I have is that I wish the place has more seating. I hate staring into the restaurant, hands and face pressed against the window whilst staring at the food. Also, it gets super hot, so be sure to layer your clothes!
Walked up and down the street to look for a place to eat. We wanted something that wouldn't take too long. We picked this place because it looked popular and there were empty seats outside. We looked at the menu and it looked good. Funny thing was, the menu we were looking at was for the restaurant next door. Anyway, the waiter took a while to get to us. =/ The table outside was a bit unsteady. I ordered a complete crepe and my two companions both got the salmon burger. I got salad with my crepe. The salad was good. I like how its really flavorful. My crepe was alright. It was just ham and cheese or something. Nothing special.My companions both said their salmon burger is really good but the fries were cold. One bathroom that is all the way at the end of the restaurant. Theres a chalk board where you write down your name and number of guest if there is a wait.
I was strolling through Potrero Hill on a gorgeous day in the city when I came across a small crowd huddled outside of this cafe. Intrigued by it's popularity on the Yelp app, my bf and I decided to put our name's down and grab a bite to eat.Scarcely had we been seated when I suddenly felt the blast of hot air from the oven a mere 3 feet away from us. Wishing desperately that I hadn't decided to wear a sweater that day I took a deep sip of iced tea and decided to wait out my order in my happy place.Good things DO come to those who wait. In my case it came in the form of Baked Camembert and Roasted Garlic served with toast points. I've always been a sucker for garlic so imagine my delight when I saw they provide an ENTIRE head of roasted garlic to smear to your heart's desire! Combine that with a good cup of bubbling Camembert and you my friend have found your way in my good graces for life!As if that wasn't enough, I then had the good fortune of stumbling across a cafe offering Boudin Noir (blood sausage). This diabolic sounding dish delivers some SERIOUS savory sensations. It's difficult to describe the flavor profile, but trust me...being found dead on the street with a smile on your face and your hands wrapped around a string of Boudin Noir wouldn't be a bad way to go.Before leaving, I made sure to gush about the food to our adorable French waiter. No wonder the French could care less about being made fun of by the rest of the world...with food like that, the rest of the world sort of just falls away!
Uber casual eatery with one long cramped counter and a handful of tables. If you have claustrophobia issues, this place may not be for you.Their burgers are to die for. As in, order one with blue cheese and a fried egg and you might have a heart attack but who the hell cares you only live once and at least you'll die with a full belly and a satiated smile on your face.(Which brings me to the question, how the hell do French people stay so thin???)
A friend and I went to dinner looking for something off the beaten path, and did we find a gem! The food, ambiance, and cooks all were awesome.I had the steak tartar with a Quail Egg. Sooo good! :) We also had the Onion soup which was just awesome. If you are looking for that nice evening without the cost, I would highly recommend Chez Maman.
+: French onion soup, fries with aioli, burger, crepes, steak, and friendly staff. Basically you can't go wrong with their entire menu.--: the burner can get hot in the chairs by the counter and there's usually a wait.Love coming for lunch, brunch, and dinner!
The most amazing burger - get it with Brie and it'll blow your mind. All the staff is awesome - personable but efficient. This is my new favorite restaurant in SF!
Really a 4.5 stars!You can already tell by other people's reviews that this place is a MUST.A casual, but extraordinary French dining experience; an intimate, cozy setting - 3 tables total + bar. Sitting in the bar is a treat - you get to see the amazing chefs in action! =)Pros:1. food (French onion soup - soup of the day, camambert, flat iron steak) 2. ambianceCons: 1. long, long lines2. they do not take reservations3. wine choices are okayTHE BEST STEAK I have ever had in my life (I am not counting cuts like filet mignon and rib eye). And it's only $21.
Great soupCute placeGood food (french onion soup, madame, burger+brie)
Sometimes, it feels silly to add another review raving about a place that's obviously AMAZING (like Tartine morning buns, for example), but I really really enjoyed the burger I had at Chez Maman. The patty was so tender and flavorful. Nothing overly fancy, just plain old good ingredients prepared well.Also had the mussels in a garlicky sauce. Sopping up the sauce was probably one of the highlights of my meal. Garlic and bread is so simple but so good!This might have been one of the smallest sit down restaurants I've ever been to. My friend and I sat at the counter because there's only one table in the whole restaurant. Definitely don't try to bring a group here because you just can't find a seat! Potentially a cozy, date place, but the line also gets long sometimes and you wouldn't want to keep a date waiting around, right?
I'm in love. Not one of those debaucherous one night stands where we have a good time and when dawn breaks we go our separate ways. This is a full on "here's my house key and bank account numbers" love. This love is based on only four menu items, and I do not, nor can I imagine ever getting anything other than these items, as it would be sacrilege. My best friend and I walk in to this find, belly up to the counter in the very small establishment and promptly order a glass of wine from the modest wine list but great picks, nonetheless. My heart flutters as I read Escargot De Bourgogne and Assiette De Merguez. My palms are sweating and my mouth is salivating as I think of the Thai and Poulette Les Moules.Lets start at the very beginning (as we know its a very good place to start). The Assiette De Merguez is a fantastically spicy lamb sausage grilled right before you... simple but oh so delicious, waking up my tastebuds and the perfect excuse to keep sipping your Sancerre, turning your order of a glass into a bottle. Moving to Escargot. I used to be an escargot whore, but not since finding my love at Chez Maman. I would try every escargot in town, out of town, out of state; I had an open relationship with escargot before. Chez Maman and I are committed. Who says you can't be happy with monogamy?Where at some establishments your snail can resemble chewing on a knotted piece of bicycle tire tubing, Chez Maman doesn't overcook these delicacies and they end up with the slightly earthy quality and tender with a garLICKy butter sauce that just begs to be sopped up with bread. The Thai and Poulette Moules are almost worth dying for, only that means I wouldn't live on to eat more. The Thai mussels are a Romeo and Juliet love affair. Fresh vibrant lemon grass and creamy coconut milk with the garlic, chili and broth - the mussels are almost in the way to that tasty liquid gold underneath. Poulette is everything a good country boy from the midwest would surely fall in for... I mean, find me anyone who doesn't outwardly or secretly loves bacon. With the white wine and cream it warmly coats your tongue and throat, rich and delicious. Two loaves of bread later and, possibly one moment of just picking up the bowl and drinking the concoction we push the bowls away, satisfied, like two loves are after a passionate round of love-making.
Quality A. I actually despise mussels and never had a decent French onion soup until today. He mussels are surreally delicious as is the soup! Pass on the crepes, they are weird with the healthy dough and meh sauce. Desserts are mediocre but he mussels alone makes this place with 4 stars!Ambiance A. Great classy music with romantic lighting. Only issue is with the draft if your sitting near the door. Highly recommended to go at off hours so your not waiting outside for an hour - this place is really small!
Love this place! Love sitting at the counter to watch my food. The mussels with the cream & bacon preparation are the 2nd best mussels I've ever had in my life. Can't go wrong with a burger or a crepe. We will be going back multiple times...
One of my favorite hidden SF gem!!!Straight to the point....small, simple cafe style restaurant. True french atmosphere! The Servers are all very friendly and always have a good time coming here.Ok...now to the rant n ravin..FOOD!!!- Baked Camembert (MY EFF'N FAV....A MUST!!!!...TRUST ME!!!)- Chicken Panini (not bad....if you are taking a date there...score some bonus points by ordering it....cause the cooks will cut and serve the panini in a heart shape - see photos)- French Onion Soup (Drake's verse....."best you ever had..."!!!)- Fries (So simple but so good....ask for a side of aoili)Definitely recommend this place...YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!
Love this place. Food is great. It's where I take folks with varying palates, like my nephew- an always hungry college student and his cousin with a more refined palate and far higher expectations. This place makes them both happy. It's in a neighborhood full of great food choices and home to the California Culinary Academy, who has their own restaurant. So many good competing places within walking distance, Maman always draws me back.
The baked Camembert with roasted garlic is AMAZING. The little baguette slices are so toasty and crunchy! The cheese is creamy and heavenly, and extra delicious with the garlic. It comes with salad to balance the rich gooey cheesiness, and that's the perfect match. The Tomato, pistou, brie, prosciutto panini was great, and it was HEART-SHAPED! What a sweet surprise. This panini was oozing with brie, and all of the flavors (fresh tomatoes, prosciutto, pesto!) went fantastically together. I seriously have no complaints. They also have a really nice dark beer that starts with a G. I don't remember what it was called, but it's listed as #2 on their alcoholic beverages menu! Worth the hour-long wait!!! And I'm SO not a patient person.
popular at eight:forty pm...a wait on a frigid night...determined while others retreat from sf cold winds and leaving...lengthy, but worthy wait...rushing in at the first sign of seating availability...seated at the kitchen counter...glass of wine first...browsing menu second...burgers the best?..possible...an egg?..perfect!...burger with egg and side of fries...another glass of wine for the meal...food friendly sauvignon blanc...a perfect burger medium rare...great skinny fries and aioli mayo sauce dip...a bite and bursting with flavor...quite juicy and seasoned well...possibly the best burger ever had!...seriously!...best french onion soup!...hot, cheesy and artery clogger!...
I love this place!!! The best hamburger I have ever had and it is super quaint. There are only 18 seats, but you can wine taste at the wine shop next door while you wait for your table. Super sweet place and great food!
04.04.14 w 2 otherswho would have thought the most popular thing on this french menu was a hamburger. i would have to say it was pretty good. super small place, where i recommend no more than parties of 2. we had 3 and we squeezed in a table for 2. the chef was friendly and we all enjoyed our meal.
This is an excellent restaurant, one of my favorites in San Francisco. The quality here reminds me of when I was in Southern France, where I had the best food in my LIFE. I really like their Aioli sauce, definitely worth a try. I would recommend the veal with frites/fries, it is one of my favorite dishes at this place.
I didn't realize how tiny this place was. The tartare was pretty good, but I prefer the one at Cafe Claude more. The crepe was pretty decent. Not a bad place.
As stated many, many times: this place is SMALL. Seriously. Do not try to come with a group. In fact, do not try to come with more than one other person. As a group of 4 we had to sit outside (which was expected), and if we hadn't shown up incredibly early we would've had to wait an ungodly long time to get that table.If you remain undeterred by the size you will find a gorgeous selection of French bistro food. The beef tartare appetizer is exquisite, nicely spiced with some house-made pickles and topped with a silky quail egg. But as I perused the menu further, I noticed boudin noir and immediately the blood/organ lover in me took over. The first cut of the sausage yielded a satisfying snap from the casing, and a cascade of rich, dark, savory pork came oozing out. It was creamy, with the satisfying tang of blood behind the almost-pate flavor, and was without a doubt the best damn blood sausage I have ever had. It was surrounded by some seriously buttery mashed potatoes and some sauteed apples, with a ramekin of kicky dijon to brighten things up. We were all too stuffed to indulge in dessert but I have no doubts everything is uniformly excellent.Skip Chez Papa (the bigger, more expensive version next door) and spend your paychecks on Maman. She'll take excellent care of you and your tongue and your belly.
I don't get up to Potrero Hill that often unless its for a party or fundraiser because, well, it's a kind of boring. Chez Maman fits the bill of a stereotypical boring neighborhood hot spot with much fewer seats than demand resulting in long waits. Fine for local residents because they have nothing better to do on a Friday evening, but not usually my scene. By luck of fate we secured an undesirable outdoor seat immediately on a chilly evening, but had the wonderfully comforting French food to warm us up.Onion Soup: No matter how many times I have this soup, I can't pass up the opportunity to try it at a new venue. It's like a litmus test of authenticity and quality for French comfort food. Rich broth, soft caramelized onions, toasted floating bread, generous stringy cheese and gratined top are the standards. Maman passed with flying colors!Baked Camembert: Disliked that the rind was floating about hidden in the melted mass. Not a whole wheel, but rather a slice melted into an unidentifiable puddle within a ramekin. Spread a roasted garlic clove from the whole roasted garlic bulb on top of a crostini then load with melted cheesy delight. Amazing taste sensation, you can quickly forget that it doesn't look pretty. Beef Tartare: Oh sirlon, you are just too pedestrian for me. In a traditional tartare preparation the mix-ins (capers, onion, mustard, egg yolk, etc.) are predictable and hard to mess up. Like sushi, a great steak tartare is mainly attributable to the quality of the meat cut and the freshness. I found the sirlon chopped up here (which is much preferable to food processed) no where near as nice as a filet mignon. But then again, the price point was a lot less expensive...Hachis Parmentier: If I have to wikipedia a dish then I have to order it! Some describe it like a beef-based French version of a shepherd's pie. Yes it does have potatoes and ground meat, but that's about the only similarity! The most appreciable difference is a beautiful gratine on top that ripples like ocean waves. Digging below some of the crispy cheese is potato that falls much closer to pure than mashed. The soupy base is a wonderful conduit for the large chunks of ground beef that are flavored to the nines. HMM!
I come here more regularly now because my boyfriend is French and he also loves this place. The best apetizer is beaf tartar, escargo is great too but less tasty, onion soup is Wonderful!! For entray, I usually order the pasta, there are two types but both are very creamy. I love it!! The flat iron steak is really nice, tender when you order mediamrare. I like the Creme brle, not very sweet but the caramerlized crust is crispy.
I adore this place. It was one of the most memorable stop for me during my one month stay to the bay area. The burger was delicious, juicy, and had this amazing flavor. I had my burger with goat cheese and bacon and this is the best $15+ burger I have had in my life. Seating is really limited but it is definetly worth the wait. Oh Chez Maman, I wish there were more places like you in the midwest. I just hope that this place doesn't get featured on a TV show as this little gem should be left alone by Pier 39 tourists.
Came here for the first time and during lunch. I've heard that this place gets extremely busy, so I felt lucky that we waited only a couple of minutes before getting seated at the stools at the counter. This place can accommodate only about 18 people, so if you are coming for dinner, patience is a virtue. Had the Basic Burger and added on cheddar cheese, bacon, and a fried egg (add-ons are an extra 1.5 each). Burger came with fries, tomatoes, and grilled onions. Also, we were given some aioli dipping sauce. So, here's the verdict: I thoroughly enjoyed the burger (ordered it medium rare), but of course a fried egg makes everything better. Burger came on a ciabatta bun which was soft, yet firm enough to not get soggy and it held all of the ingredients together (nothing slipped out, which no one wants at anytime....am i right?) I was highly impressed with the fries as they were crispy and had a slight hint of garlic, and along with the aioli dipping sauce created semi bliss for the duration of my meal. I wish I had more fries! Overall, Chez Maman produces a great burger (and they have plenty of add ons so you can personalize your burger), but not the best I've ever had. I would come back here again to try their other entrees. Service is great too!
Great little restaurant in a cute little up-and-coming neighborhood, but not somewhere I feel the need to visit again. Chez Maman seemed to overpromise and underdeliver (according to yelp). I expected to be blown away by the burgers and the croques, but it wasn't anything special. My friend and I arrived around 10, and contrary to what we were expecting, we didn't have to wait at all. We sat at the counter, which was really great because you could see everything being cooked right in front of you. We each ordered the french onion soup, I had the croque madame, and my friend had a burger with blue cheese. The soup was really good and really filling. Lots of melty, gooey cheese and not overly salty. But I was pretty disappointed with our entrees. My croque was a little too salty, not as crispy as I wanted it, and the egg was a little overcooked so I didn't get any of that runny, yolky goodness. The burger looked ok, but my friend said it was just a normal burger with fancy cheese. HOWEVER, the fries were awesome. I couldn't help picking at his plate throughout the entire meal. Overall, we both agreed that IF we were to go back we would order the soup again and just get two cones of the fries. 3 stars for so-so entrees, good soup, decent service, and cute ambiance.
After living down the street for three months... I FINALLY made it down the hill to eat dinner here.Ordered the burger (with guac) and washed it down with a beer.Can't wait to go back.
Nestled in the heart of Potrero Hill, this is an awesome small hole in the wall French restaurant. With limited seating of maybe 20 people, be sure to come before the rush. The selections are focused on juicy burgers, succulent mussels, savory and sweet crepes, and innovative appetizers. It's an open kitchen, so if it's a cold night you can get a great meal and some warmth by this cozy bar top seated kitchen. The same waiter or shall I say waiter/host/busser/manager is always there. He is sweet friendly frenchman. Tell him "bonjour" from me!Food:Provencal mussels- they were to die for! By no means can any of these foods be considered healthy or low in cal but it is well worth it. There is a hefty portion of mussels and has a great balance of flavor and texture. Perfectly cooked. He is right, they go amazing with their fries. Their fries are similar to a gourmet version of in and out fries. Same size and consistency. Spicy Lamb Sausage- 2 links of spicy lamb sausage cut in diagonal halves served with a brown mustard and a red spicy paste of some sort. A side of mixed green complete the appetizer. I would say not bad but not memorable at all. Burger- I believe I customized my burger with an egg, avocado, ,caramelized onion, no cheese,cooked to a medium rare. It is probably one of the best burgers I have ever had. Nicely toasted bun with a cooked to perfection burger. But having the egg was the cherry on top. Really made the whole thing come together. Crepe Suzette- a great finishing touch to a great meal. Not too heavy, clean and simple. However I'm not a big fan of the alcohol taste that hasn't been cooked out. But not a big deal. I will be sure to come again and again.
Came here for brunch on Saturday since I heard they served yummy crepes. Had the complete crepe, which is ham, cheese and egg crepe. This restaurant is a cute hole in the wall that seats around 15 people indoors and 6 people outdoors. It was too chilly so we sat indoors at the bar. Crepe was good and they cook it right in front of you. It's the buckwheat crepe like the ones you get in Paris too. :) Yums. Ti Couz is still better though. Fries was good and the fresh squeezed lemonade was a little too carbonated for me but still ok.I actually want to try to Croque Madame next time. The table next to us was eating it and it looked soooo good!
This place is amazing. Not too pricey for what you get, romantic, fun, a local spot, you get to watch your food be made, great staff, nice owner, Olivier. He will go out of his way to get to know you and be friendly.Order the mussels with fries. And try the baked cheese app and the arugula salad. The burgers are really tasty, with brie on top if you want! The pastas look amazing but I have not tried one yet.As for drinks, the wine selection is limited, but you can bring your own. BUT the beer on tap is so delicious. Seriously. Belgian beer, served in a huge glass. YES.Go early unless you want to wait in a queue!
Craving a burger? Why not get one that's worth the money. The plain burger with bacon and brie was off the hook. If you are in this small neighborhood, can find parking, don't mind waiting, and don't mind a really small venue, then you have to try this place for the burger alone. Enjoy!
Delicious little French spot in Potrero Hill.Be aware that they have limited space. Inside it is just one long counter, and one dining table, and when me and my girl arrived it was completely full. Luckily they had two small, two person tables outside so we were seated without a wait.To start we split a french onion soup. Now french onion soup is probably one of my top three types of soup, and this french onion soup was excellent. It had a thick, gooey crust of delicious melted cheese on top (not a shady little cheese floater like some places give you). Under this glorious mound of cheese was a savory broth, large pieces of chopped baguette that were drenched with brothy goodness, and some of the most flavorful onions I've eaten.My chick had the tuna panini with roasted peppers and aioli for dinner. She enjoyed it and also gave me a bite or two, and I must say this was a sandwich done right, quite tasty.I had the moules et frites (in fact that was my whole reason for coming here, I had an itch for some mussels). They have four different preparations for their mussels, I chose mariniere (garlic, white wine, and lemon juice), and I chose right because that sauce was bomb. The moules were fresh and cooked perfectly. The fries were great as well and served with a tasty aioli, although the real money move was dunking my fries in the sauce from the mussels.The server was on point, the price was suprisingly affordable for the quality that they have, and they had a great Belgian amber ale on draught that I enjoyed a couple of pints of with my meal.
I've seen this restaurant on Check, Please! and my friends keep raving how Chez Maman has the best burger, so I had to finally try it for myself. The website says they're open at 11:30, but we got there early, and they were already open with customers inside! Chez Maman is a cute little French bistro. And when I say little, I mean leeeeetle. There is a counter that faces the kitchen which seats about eight people( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). And then there are two tables for two against the window. There are also two tables outside, but the restaurant is on a hill, so hold on or you might roll down the hill! We already had an idea of what we wanted to get, but alas, it was the brunch menu, so we weren't able to get the Mussels Mariniere that we wanted. We both ended up getting the French onion soup( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) and the Basic Burger( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). The soup was so good! I usually don't order French onion soup because it can be a bit salty, but it was perfect here. I looooove cheese, and they piled it on and it was so gooey and delicious! The burger was definitely top notch. The brie and grilled onions tasted so good together. And the meat itself was cooked to perfection....nice and juicy with a slight pink color. The service was great. They always came by to check on us and refill our water, and the food came out pretty fast. Its nice that this place is so small. They can keep an eye on where you're at in your meal, so each course comes out piping hot. This is definitely a great little neighborhood bistro. I'll be back for dinner one day to try other items on the menu!
French cuisine is underrated and underrepresented in SF, and Chez Maman dished up a variety of classic bistro foods that totally transported me back to the streets of Paris. It was that good. I'm happy to say that Chez Maman is now on my top list of restaurants and I can't wait to go back and try everything on their large menu.I shared with my girlfriend a Frisee salad with egg and lardon, the Poulette Moules Frites, and the Hachis Parmienter.The salad was complex: a mix of sweet and sour from the vinaigrette, bitter from the endive, savory and salty from the egg and lardon. The Poulette was creamy, winey, and garlicy; the mussels were cooked to perfection, not too soft and not chewy. The Hachis Parmienter, a French style casserole, was hearty, yet the potato was whipped and fluffy and the cheese was crispy and not overpowering.Everything was delicious and authentic. I haven't had bistro food of that caliber since I was in Paris, and even then it out did some of the lesser restaurants I ate at there. The portions were significantly larger than those in Europe, but it was so delicious we only managed to bring back about half the casserole, which made an excellent dinner.The restaurant is quite small, with a few tables outside, a couple two-seater tables in the front, and a counter with perhaps ten seats. The bonus of the tiny space was the aroma wafting out from the open kitchen, intoxicating on its own. We arrived at around one and stayed for about two hours. Surprisingly, by the time we left at three, the entire restaurant had filled up. The one thing I didn't enjoy so much was the house wine selection. I had a glass of white and a glass of rose, neither of which I cared for. The white had a sharp aroma, was slightly sour and finished bitter. The rose was also a bit bitter on the finish, but as a whole more enjoyable. They weren't the worst glasses of house wine I've had, but they were far from the best.TLDR: Eat here, it's the best French in SF for the price.
I was really surprised to get my food so quickly after ordering it because it was so packed. We waited for about 20 minutes for a table but it was worth it. I had a veggie burger and to my surprise, it wasn't a patty, it was actually sauteed vegetables with great seasoning. I would definitely go again. A cute waiter with a French accent is always a plus!
My favorite lunch spot in the city - the Carbonara is the stuff that dreams (and food comas) are made of...creamy, savory, to DIE for. Do yourself a favor, deal with the wait (typically 20-30 mins) and try this place!ps the carbonara is only on the dinner menu but if you ask for it during lunch hours they will typically accommodate your request.
This little French Bistro reminds me of being in Paris. I've been coming here for years and live right down the street. YUMMY!!!! The french onion soup is to die for, the salmon with dill and rosemary, the mushroom white wine sauce pasta, the variety of mussels, oh the hamburger yum, everything here is yummy. Everything here is delic and you can just watch it being made right in front of you. Also our waiter Olivie is so awesome, my husband or whoever I bring here always receive fantastic service. Okay, there is always a bit of a wait. But it is SO worth waiting for.
I've been to this place for years. When I need my burger fix, this is my go to spot. Sometimes it's a 5 min wait, and other times it's a 45 min wait. Last night I went with the girlfriend and we were seated right away.Everyone knows about the burgers, but if you're going there and have an appetite you should try the - French onion soup and Nicoise salad.I've tried their cholotate mouse dessert and i'm not a fan. It's not bad, but if you like bitter sweet chocolate it may be a little too sweet for ya...
I've been here several times and I'm lucky enough to have never needed to wait. This place is tiny. My only advice is to only bring one and only one friend when you eat here. The food here is comforting. I never knew a ham and cheese sandwich could be so delicious. I've tried several things from the croque monsieur, burger, to the beef tartar. ALL on point. Raw red meat always scared me but after eating the beef tartar here, consider me converted! Their salmon sandwich comes on the softest, fluffiest ciabatta roll and the aoili really ties it together. MMmm can't wait to go back!
Wow. I love this place.The toasted goat cheese and arugula salad was tasty, with just a little too much dressing, but it was by no means soggy. My croque monsieur was delicious and was truly French. The burger. OMFG the burger. Phenomenal. I didn't order it, but the two nibbles I took were heaven. The meat melts into the bread (this also had bacon and cheddar added on) and it really is the perfect marriage of juiciness, texture and flavor. The frites are small and thin, which can be eaten by the forkfuls with either aoili or ketchup. If you sit at the counter you can literally see your food being made.The space only seats about 8-10 along the counter and there are two small tables at the front window. The prices are great and the food is some of the best so pick a time to come, wisely. We came on a Sunday or Monday evening around 8:30 and waited about 15-20 minutes, but midway through our meal, about 6 spots at the counter cleared up. I also saw a lot of people ordering to go. It's cozy, toasty and homey, and surprisingly there were French people dining there as well. That's definitely a good sign!Fantastique.
still my favorite spot for burgers..this is how you do it: basic burger + brie + bacon. fries.extra aoli.
SERIOUS TALK... BEST BURGER I'VE EVER EATEN. Everything was PERFECT. The presentation. Every bite. The taste. The smell. The touch. The basic burger & fries pretty much triggered all five senses to the utmost positive degree. LOVED LOVED LOVED it! and the French waiter was so sweet & on point with the service. There was quite the wait too cause the place was fairly small, but it was definitely worth the belly satisfying experience. It was worth every fattening calorie that I had to burn off at the gym & worth the extra lbs that I probably gained. Defintiely a MUST EAT spot. Can't wait to come back when I'm in San Francisco again!
Wait times change my attitude. Sometimes so much so that the food needs to be THAT good to reverse my position.30 minutes waiting = This place is a gem. Good things come in small packages. Well, that's at least what my girlfriend tells me.45 minutes waiting = Little hunger pangs never killed anyone. I have a reserve layer.60 minutes waiting = If that little French dude doesn't call my name soon I am going to seriously consider eating that little dog tied to the tree.75 minutes waiting = That's it. Call the red cross. I need rations.....I know, dramatic right?So after 75 patient minutes we were seated at the bar. Worth it?Totally. Everything from the burgers to the crepes were solid. Or should I say, "sol-eeed."It is like the e-poh, that doez not know he ez a e-poh!Are you for scuba?Leuben.
This place is tiny!! I don't think I have eaten at such a small restaurant ever, even in Europe. I counted; they have 2 tables inside that seat 2 each. Outside, they have a table that can seat 4. They have another 14 seats at the counter by the kitchen. This has been on my list of restaurants to try even since I saw it on "Check please, Bay Area" and they all raved about how good the food was. We started off being seated at the counter by the kitchen and then moved to table because it was uncomfortably hot. The service was efficient. Apparently the French waiters are one of the attractions for women customers. They had a newspaper clipping in their tiny restroom that was an award that the restaurant had won for being the "Best Restaurant to flirt with a French waiter" which was funny. Now back to the attraction for me, the food...We started off with the French onion soup which was very good and came up with a pound of cheese! Then we had the Complete crepe. This came up ham, gruyere cheese and an egg. It was ok; I was not too fond of the wheat crepe. We had heard so much about the burger and fries and we ordered it with the goat cheese. The fries were delicious and came with a garlic mayonnaise and ketchup. The burger was too much for me. It was too rich and I could not finish it. It might have been better if I had just gotten the burger but with the other stuff that I had eaten, I was ready to burst. I think it was all the cheese. But...I still had to have dessert. There is always room for dessert. The chocolate mousse was fantastic!! It comes a close second to the mousse that I have at Fleur De Cocoa in Los Gatos.
UNBELIEVABLE FRENCH CUISINEStarted with the escargot and french onion soup with their bread. Made to perfection. My husband had the burger with brie and I ordered the flat iron steak with pepper corn sauce which comes on the side. Made to perfection. This food is so good and being our first day into our 5 day trip... we absolutely feel all other meals we will fall short of this experience. This is not a cheap meal, but worth every penny.
This was a pleasant surprise after finding this place kind of randomly when the place we really wanted to eat at wasn't open (I hate other restaurants that open in the morning and close midday!!!)...*ahem* Slow Club *ahem*...We had a chicken panini and a tuna panini. Throw in the salad with the meal as well as a side order of fries, and you have a very tasty lunch that will definitely satisfy your hunger and even the pallat of the most stringent panini fan. The highlight of the panini is, of all the great qualities, is the bread...seriously...the bread is incredible...so fresh, crispy on the outside, and melt in your mouth on the inside...mmm...Oh, if you get the fries, watch out of the garlic aioli...it seems harmless, but that thing packs a punch!Happy Eating!
My sister and I were looking for a nice place to go for lunch, and we yelped, and we found this place!I don't want to say it's a cute little place, but that's what it is. It's like this cute, quaint little cafe. And I mean little... like there are literally two tables and one window table where "groups" can sit, and the rest of the seating in this place is counter seating. And I love that you can watch them make your food... everything reminds me of some really chic looking kitchen on the Food Network or something. We both just felt like we were in the village cafe or something... like a place away from all the hustle and bustle of The City.I was kind of worried that I wasn't going to be filled up by what I ordered, but I was. I didn't go too crazy and ordered the chicken panini, which was shaped like a heart! I don't know if that was intentional, but it made my day. My sister got the basic burger with frites, and those frites were delicious. All in all, we both enjoyed our lunches!The thing that really made the trip was our waiter. I don't know if he was the owner of the place or something, but the service was EXCELLENT. And he even called both of us "mademoiselle" whenever he asked us how things were and if we needed anything. And we loved, loved, loved how awesome he looked at the end of the counter reading a book and eating steak. Quite a charming character. I would most definitely come back. I hope to come back at some point!
Hot. Hot. Heat.The burger at Chez Maman has helped me understand a man's reaction to the likes of Jenna Jameson. Chez Maman's burger is truly drool worthy. From the toasty panini to the plump patty, turgid with juice, this is a man's burger that's as elegant to the eye as Katie Holmes. FYI, Katie Holmes is medium rare to rare. As the location is pretty much a 5 seater-bar, the grill that does all the magic heats up this chez quite quickly.Noteable goat cheese dip, forgettable green salad. Go for the burger.~$20 solo burger and vino
Daughter and I had an OK lunch here, perhaps the expectations were too high or we just didn't order the right food, both of us were a little disappointed.The place is very cute, small and filled at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. We gladly sat at one of the 2 small tables outside after a short wait. It is a beautiful day, so the overhead heat lamp was really not necessary . We ordered a smoke salmon panini and Nicoise Tuna salad with ice tea and hot tea, trying to eat healthy we stayed away from the burgers; in hindsight may be a mistake.Service was very friendly, food came quickly. The panini was nicely done, light and crispy with tasty smoke salmon and grilled onion accompanied with a small side salad. The nicoise tuna salad was not what I had in mind at all, not a bad salad but not exciting either. I was expecting seared tuna, poached egg instead it was canned tuna salad mixed with olives, string beans and some greens surrounded by wedges of tomatoes and hard boiled eggs. We were offered refill of tea which was very nice, overall not a bad lunch. Next time the burgers.
I absolutely adore this tiny little place. And when I say tiny space, I meant everything thing by it. However, the food more than made up for it. Cause all the dishes are boasted with flavor and it's every bit of an authentic French bistro as they come. I highly recommend the french onion soup. IT is hands down the best I've had around the city! And do remember to add an egg to all your sandwich, burgers.. and just about everything on the menu. It is a staple. At least for me. Another thing I love at Chez Maman is their fries. Dip them in their flavorable and delicious Les Moules: Poulette. Trust me, it's to die for. Okay, I can't keep talking about this place, because my mouth is starting to water and I am craving their onion soup again. Long story short, I highly recommend this place if you want great French food and a very reasonable price. Must try!
This is one of the place that I will definitely go back for good food. Although the restaurant is VERY small, worth it for the wait. The onion soup and the beef tartar are legid. Will definitely go back for it.
Came back again after another Anchor Tour. Burgers are still SOLID. Tried out a few of the appetizers to share - escargot and tartare - def worth getting! It was 3pm and the restaurant was full - what does that tell you?
Great Mahi Mahi and pretty decent french onion soup. Veal was rich and similar to a good jaegerschnitzel. The escargot was bland though. Outside patio has radiator heating which was helpful in a chilly night. Overall, a pleasant experience and one of the best in the immediate neighborhood.
Chez Maman, time and again has proven to be one of the most unique restaurants in SF. The staff is friendly, attentive, and overall fantastique! The restaurant atmosphere has a neighborhood/mama's kitchen feeling and the open kitchen makes the experience that much better. I usually have the burger here with an egg (my friends add brie) and it has never disappointed me. Ever.The restaurant is good for 2 people, 4 max. There are only a couple of tables in the front, but I suggest sitting at the bar as this will give you the full experience of Chez Maman. You'll likely have to wait outside a bit to get a seat, but don't worry, a glass of wine or a bottle of Kronenbourg 1664 will help the time pass by quickly. I always include it as a 'must try' to all my SF visitors.
And on the 23rd day, after Adam and Eve were going to kill each other if they had to eat another apple, God/Buddha/Allah/Krishna made Chez Maman. The food is THAT good.Yesterday I was craving a burger. As I am often craving a burger, this shouldn't be a reason to take notice, but I think I found the top of the meat heap. I learned about Chez Maman years ago from my friend Joey (not the masseur, but funny how it works out that way), and have wanted to go back ever since. As this place is tiny and only seats about 15 people total, it's been packed the last few times I've been by.Someone above (or below) must have been smiling on me because not only did I find parking right away, there were plenty of spots at the counter. To be honest, I was a little woozy after my massage and only focused on one thing- a burger and what kind of cheese I would put on it- which ended up being brie despite some other tempting choices.When it was placed in front of me, I knew I had reached burger heaven. No frills, just a little what I think was aioli on a unique bun, with a side of what are almost shoestring fries and a salad. I devoured it ALL. Normally I'm not a fan of burgers with seasoning in the patty, but here they do it right. Every bite, oozing with melted brie, sent me into a state of bliss, and I couldn't consume those fries fast enough. Paired with a rouge bordeaux, and it was the perfect way to spend a gorgeous San Francisco afternoon.The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly, and the food is perfectly priced for the quality. There are so many things I want to try on their menu, if only I didn't have a constant craving for burgers.C'est magnifique!
OK lots of folks are going to be upset with me,but please realize,, I do not give one star or 5 stars lightly. There must be a dam good reason. Mine is a doozy. I chose Chez Maman because of the Yelp reviews... I have learned that most who have rated this place must be very very visually impaired. Here is my review:Per the advice I received when I called it was recommended we arrive upon opening to assure seating for my family of 4. It was raining and they only had 4, I repeat 4 indoor chairs. There was a counter,but that would not work for my Moms bday lunch. 1. we arrived, sat down and looked around. OMG what filth. The walls, the floor, the sides of everything... filthy.. neat,but filthy. Maybe most go at night and do not see it all? Hum...more later.2. The owner is a fine specimen of a human , very easy on the eyes and I loved his accent attitude.. my Mom and gf were not so taken.3. We prompltly ordered the Camembert, Fries, Lamb Sausage sandwich, 2 crepes, salmon and ham, 2 momosas and tea for me. 4. Food was yes FANTASTIC. I was transported to France with every bite. But the dirty walls, floors, tables, the owner using the table wash cloth to wash down his arms, face etc,,, not what I would call even remotely sanitary, just creeped me out... 5. Then the finale,,, went to the restroom.. got to see the rest of the place....good thing I had eaten... maybe a good thing... actually I am sorry I ever ate there really. This is a filthy, dirty, grimey, disgusting, horrible, horrifing... more than likely vermin ridden place. My dear friend who who has been a nurse for nearly 30 years stated she had not seen this kind of filth in any place... and she has a vast experience in dining. No way would this place deserve to get a 5 star just because the food is good if it is unsanitary. Please consider this everyone who rates it. What is going on with SF's health department? Chez Maman obviously has not been cleaned completely in years. Gross...just writing this reviews gives me the willies. Please dont get wacky mad at me. Go check it out for yourself... if they clean up their act I would love to return. Otherwise..forget it.. Never again.
Tiny place...counter seating and 2 tables for two...Merquez sausage with harissa is a standout. This is something I must order every time I go to Chez Maman. Burger is also very good. The meat is seasoned to perfection.On a second vist I had the crepe suzette.  Watched them make it. It is full of what I beleive is grand Marnier...tender, melt in your mouth texture.The french guy who waited on us is the fastest talker in the world.
Standard bistro fare. A little on the greasy side, small messy portions, mediocre bread, pathetic beer selection. This place average at best. Avoid the chocolate mousse.
I love the homey family feel of Chez Maman. The place is teensy. There's a bar area which seats maybe 8 people and two small tables in the front which seat two each. There are also a couple of tables outside for those sunny days.Note: call ahead to make the sure the soup of the day is french onion! Because it is amazing and you will be happy. I like the paninis, especially the smoked salmon.. absolutely delicious! The side salad is simple but oh so good. I've never had a burger though. But I think I need to eventually.Service is great, very attentive. I like the owner, with his awesome French accent and matter of fact attitude. I approve. The atmosphere...it feels like you're sitting in a little cafe in Paris.Parking isn't too difficult to find if you're willing to walk a block or two, not hard to find.
Very very good. Very small so hard to get seating but really cool to see them make the food right in front of you. It was delicious!!
Completely stumbled into this place on a Sunday afternoon when everything else around it was closed. I noticed lots of good reviews about the burgers, and having just eaten an hour ago, I did not want to fill up. My GF and I shared escargot, and a muscles dish. The rest of my party added a lamb sausage dish and vegetarian dish. The escargot was excellent. Fresh, balanced, and flavorful. A must have in my opinion. Lamb sausage is the only way I eat lamb, and this one was impressive. As for the muscles dish, I could have had these all night long. I regret not remebering which dish we ordered as I would direct you to it right away. Regardless, there are four, and one should please you.Next visit we will check out the burger to see if all the feedback is legit. Until then, I highly recommend. Last note: the owner is very French. If he appears moody, understand that he is passionate about his place and his dedication to your experience is first and foremost.
I don't understand why anyone would give anything less than 5 stars. I could truly eat here every night of my life, and be happy. The food is french comfort--I could pick anything on the menu and be satisfied. The service is fast, attentive, and amicable.If you enjoy meat (go ahead, crack your jokes!), you CANNOT miss the lamb sausage appetizer. House-made with a little spiciness, served with thin slices of sourdough and a grainy country-style dijon for dipping. OUT OF THIS WORLD!!As someone else mentioned, the wait on the weekends is usually 1hr+, but you can buy booze inside and sit on a bench/people watch outside while you wait. Entirely worth the wait!!
Chicken panini, delish! Very cute because they served it in a heart shape (aww) but I devoured it immediately (muhaha). French onion soup was pretty legit, and I have to say so because I think I make a darn good FOS myself.Burger with brie and egg (extra), oh gawd... so good. A little pricey especially since you have to pay for the extra fixin's seperately. Ambiance is cute, set up like a bar with maybe 2 tables (for 2-3 people at most), so you definitely wouldn't want to come here in a large group.I couldn't tell if the server/cook was being an ass or if he was just trying to be Mr. suave/cool guy. Kind of bothered me though. Maybe it's because he's french.
A very small cafe style restaurant. Owner is a friendly french man who is usually there.Everything is cooked in front of you if you sit at the bar. I'm a big fan of this, but this also means you smell everything that gets cooked whether it is yours or not.Get: Basic Burger with goat cheese and bacon: I get this burger combinatio whenever it is an option. Because both goat cheese and bacon have very strong and distinct flavors. Burgers comes with perfectly caramelized onions, lettuce and tomatoes.Comes on a ciabatta bun which is perfectly soft, moist, and still soaks up most of the juices the things in the burger. And always a plus to get fries that are hot and crispy, fresh out of the oil.To Try:Everyone next to me at the bar got hot food and it all looked delicious. veal tartar, french onion soup, mussels, baked brie. Definitely need to try this stuff next time.
A cozy french diner like experience with super-efficient service (which isn't very french!) and amazingly delicious and fatty cuisine. We ordered Mussels Mariniere: garlic, white wine, lemon juice & parsley. The sauce was really worth slurping although they took it away too soon. This came with the pomme frites which had this awesome mayonnaise garlic dipping sauce which only lasted for a few moments before we devoured it. Finally our entree to share "Lamb and vegetables brochettes with couscous and pesto mint coulis" -- which are a fancy way of saying kebabs w/ couscous. We liked the couscous the best -- it had this unusual buttery meaty texture and taste mixed with some dried fruit. I liked the side of lamb sausage (merguez) that we got more than the kebab. We also partook in the beers on tap which were really great! Reasonably priced at around $28/person (not incl. tax).
For such a small restaurant with such low prices, every single dish here is great!You can NOT go wrong with the burgers here -- very juicy and flavorful.The savory crepes are interesting -- it comes in a brown color (not sure what's in the batter), and its sweetness pairs well with the salty ingredients inside like prosciutto or salmon.Wait, this is a FRENCH restaurant, right? Do I dare order a SHRIMP QUESADILLA for dinner? Well.. it was quite possibly one of the greatest decisions I've made in my life!The place is VERY small so be prepared to wait during peak hours, but for around $15-20 a person for such deliciousness, it's well worth the wait!
Tiny little place with about 10 counter stools and 2 tables inside and 2 tables outside. We went on a Saturday afternoon and had to wait for about 20 minutes for a seat. The beef burger and complete crepe were tasty but it was hot sitting so close to the stove. A very hospitable owner/waiter. When I'm in this area of SF I will return but I wouldn't go out of my way.
As our first time going to Chez Maman I could not have been more impressed. I loved everything we ordered.
:: Location ::So a friend and myself were looking to grab some dinner prior to a show at Bottom of the Hill, which is 3 blocks away. I looked on Yelp to see what around the area and decided that Chez Maman sounded pretty darn good. Almost got confused and when to another Chez Papa(? I think?) that was on the corner but double checked and proceeded a bit further down to Maman. Since Google Map doesn't really show whether you're walking up or down hill, I got a bit o' cardio in getting to the place but I wanted to park near the show so it was all good. If we had wanted to park nearby, it seemed like one wouldn't have had too much trouble finding some but might've been because it was around 8pm on a Sunday night? *shrug*:: Layout ::It's small. There's no doubting that. It feels like it might've been a bar at one time but they took out the counters/shelves for the alcohol and put the stoves, ovens and such in their place. I like it because I can see my stuff being cooked and know that it's fresh and they're not messing around with it, LOL!For the most part, it's all bar seating, save for 2 tables- 1 inside, the other outside. The restroom is in the back, past the prep area of the kitchen. If anything, it would've been nice if they had a coat hanger of sorts somewhere. I ended up just putting mine on my seat.:: Service ::For the most part, it was just the one guy taking and serving order and overall tending to the customers but for such a small place, he seemed to manage it pretty well. This place seems to be French people approved because there were a couple of people that came in and struck up a small conversation with him in French. A nice little touch. He was very informative as well without being condescending, making sure people knew what ingredients were used for certain dishes and instructing people on how to eat certain dishes to bring out the full flavors, etc. We tipped pretty generously.:: Food ::I ordered the roasted Mahi-Mahi with garlic spinach and mango cucumber vinaigrette, while my friend got the grilled salmon with roasted potatoes and a fines herbs crme fraiche, sharing an order of the fries with aioli between us. The Mahi-Mahi was excellent! Moist and went along superbly with the mango cucumber vinaigrette, which I could almost see myself using as a salsa or light salad on it's own. Toss in the spinach with roasted garlic. Mmm...my tongue and tummy were pretty satisfied!I got a chance to try and finish my friend's salmon as well, though I could see why she wasn't able to eat it all (apart from eating quite a bit of the complimentary baguettes, lol) since the creme fraiche was pretty heavy but it went very well with the roasted potatoes and salmon. And even though she wanted the salmon thoroughly cooked, it was still moist and juicy so I was pretty happy.The fries are quite good but we were both a bit too full to finish them, especially since we wanted to try one of the dessert crepes so they gave us a box to take them with us.For dessert, we decided to have a Crepe Suzette, since she wanted something not too complicated and neither of us had tried it before, though I had heard of them and wanted to try one for the longest time. For those who don't know, Crepe Suzette is a plain crepe but you get the flavoring with a warm sauce of caramelized sugar, orange juice, grated or sliced orange peel and Grand Marnier (though this changes sometimes?). It's enflambe so it doesn't leave too much of the alcohol taste and you have a very sweet and tangy orange flavoring to it. For my first time trying it, I was most certainly not disappointed! Add to that some French Muscat dessert wine and I was warm and happy...:: Summary ::We left full but not so full that we felt like we weren't still going to be able to rock out for the show. We were warm but not blitzed. Happy and satisfied. What more could you ask for? It's definitely a place I would recommend and go back to if I'm in the area but at the same time, not really a place that is a first choice to go out of my way to go to, if you know what I mean. Everything about the place is of great quality but it doesn't quite break the barrier into 'all time favorite'. Then again, this is only visit number one. I might change my tune when I try something else on the next visit. :)
still one of the best burger in SF, ask the waiter to top it with brie and bacon!!!the service is friendly, charming waiter!!!! (very french), good vibes..the only issue is that you could wait for a while, at least you can wait with a glass of bordeaux!!!
I love Chez Maman. The food is delicious and it's so much fun to watch them cook. It's a teeny place, so it's best for two or three people, not for a large group. Sometimes there is a wait, but it's well worth it! My favorites are the french onion soup and the mushroom and spinach crepe! Oh, and the fries! The meat stuff looks good too but I'm not much of a meat eater.
Wanted a burger and ventured back to try the basic burger and frites $11 (+$1.50 for cheese). I enjoyed the fries. I got something different, goat cheese with my burger. it was alright. Nothing special about the food. The ambiance is cute (long narrow diner seating, two small tables to fit a couple of people and an outside table to fit your group of 4. Not a big group place - come alone or come with another person. Nothing special about the drinks (they use Ghridelli Hot Chocolate Mix, Stash Tea).
After a 45-minute wait at 8PM on a Monday (seriously?), my friend and I were finally seated at the small kitchen bar area. We shared the French Onion Soup, and each got our own burger with bacon and brie (she added a fried egg to her order). It was a wonder being right behind the cook and watching him cook our meals (I've been there before - it has been the same burger chef since 2 years ago!). The French Onion Soup was SO good; it was baked right in front of us and was still sizzling in the clay pot. Not too salty, and we finished it very quickly. The burger was cooked perfectly - the bacon was a little too salty, although the crispiness was mouth-watering. Awesome fries to go with it - could last me two meals!
Chez Maman is an awesome french bistro in Potrero Hill. It's small and always packed, but I went on a Friday night at 9pm and it was actually not bad getting a table for 2 (about 20 minutes). The service here is phenomenal -- the owner is this extremely friendly French guy who is sociable, hilarious, and very attentive.Baked Camembert = very good. The roasted garlic & the melted camembert cheese on a toasted crostini is melted cheese deliciousness.French onion soup = it was good, but i thought it was little too salty and cheesy.Burger w/ brie cheese & fried egg = EXCELLENT. One of the best burgers I've had in SF. Fresh ingredients, good bun, & supremely tender beef (I got medium rare). I'll get medium next time though, since medium rare was probably a little too rare for a burger (in my opinion).Top all that off with a few glasses of Cabarnet Franc and I had an incredible dinner.
Wow, quite the find! Went here on the spur of the moment for a late dinner on Sunday and both of us were pleasantly surprised. First off there are only about 20 seats in the entire place, including outside, so you need to be a bit lucky to even get a seat. Once we did get in, though, we could not have been happier. Since it was the weekend, they had French onion soup (Fri-Sun, but not likely during the week). This was by far one of the best renditions of this classic dish that I've ever had, including the ones I've had in France. It just had a depth of flavour that you rarely ever get. Also had the steak tartare, but it was a bit too full of mustard for my taste, although my gf loved it.Then we shared some mussels in the bacon-cream sauce (poulette), pommes frites, and a croque madame. All were very good, except the fries could have been better - they tasted more like the fries at In-N-Out than something I'd get in France. I think they need to double-fry them, although they were undoubtedly fresh. Get these into the realm of awesome and I will up this to a 5-star review in a heartbeat.And all this for under $50 is an entirely reasonable dinner. We will certainly be going back there in the near future to try their crepes and burgers.
Delicious carbonara, I love love love butter and garlic and eating this was worth all the weight I just gained hahaha. Same with the camembert (garlic & cheese lover) the french onion soup was good.I liked the thai mussels, wish it could be a BIT spicy though!there were other things I tried, but didn't really care for. glad I never had to wait long every time I came!
Nice little French bistro/cafe. Small and quaint, but good food.My GF ordered the panini and I ordered a burger. Both were cooked just right. We sat right on the bar where you can see everything being cooked. All ingredients were fresh. You can see the menu with price listings on their website. Portion and quality is on par with how much they charge. I don't think it's expensive at all for what you get and being in SF. Be warned there is not much room to eat inside. There are a few seats outside if the weather is permitting.I would definitely come here again.
I so wanted to like this place more...the basic burger was good, but I prefer the ones at Skool or Triptych. It's more of a genteel burger, oblong on a delicately toasted roll. I suppose I like my burgers a bit more hearty.I also had the smoked salmon panini, but it was a little disappointing. Perhaps because the salmon ended up cooking a bit and there were no raw onions...The french onion soup looks amazing. I definitely want to try it next time, and hopefully give it an upgrade. Oh, and I hope the service is a bit more friendly next time - perhaps with a smile?
I finally made it here after all the yelp reviews and promising myself that I'd get to it. Well, after 5 years of living in this city and a few cocktails later my friend and I decided to go here. YES. I could finally cross this off my list and feel my tummy clapping in satisfaction. It was a random Wednesday night and after a few cocktails I decided I needed something filling. No girly salad would do. I needed something hearty. My friend suggested I get my burger with a fried egg nestled on top and some brie--if I'm feeling adventurous. I was. I went for it. Medium rare with frites and I never looked back. All the flavors melted together. It was a celebration on my tongue of garlic fries, rare beef/brie and egg and fresh lettuce and tomato. Ugh. Now I know why the best things in life don't last very long...I'll be back Chez Maman.
I finally got around to trying this place out and I have to say, for the most part, I enjoyed my dining experience. My friend and I didn't have to wait at all, which was great because the space in the restaurant is comparable to the closet that Harry Potter lived in. I might be exaggerating, but not by much, there's a bar and one or two tables. This might not be something that all patrons experience, but speaking as a young, person of color, I found it problematic that my friend and I were treated differently than the other customers. We both observed how the other parties received what we believe to be complimentary bread whereas we didn't get anything. People might consider me ridiculous for complaining but damn it this isn't the first time this has happened to me. Ugh, I feel like I'm getting away from this review so back to the food.I ordered the tuna panini which was delicious, the crunchy bread totally made it. Good texture and simple flavors go a long way. My friend fell in love with her salmon crepe so overall, the food was quality. Service could've been better, but hey that's just me. Decent portions at decent prices make me want to come back. But if I don't get some bread next time, shit will go down.
Chez Maman is the favorite restaurant of about half of the people that I know, but I needed to contribute my gushing too. In a city full of fantastic restaurants, Chez Maman manages to have the best pork dish I have ever tasted, the best crepes (the chicken one is amazing), the best hamburger, and one of the best steak frites. Well worth the many nights I've waited outside in the cold.
Chez Maman is one of my favorite places for a burger in the city. It's a rather small restaurant with seating for about 10 at the counter....two tables inside and a couple of tables outside.Definitely order the burger if you come here. They come with choice of salad or frites. I always get the frites and they are served with a delicious aioli.Also, if they are serving it that day, get the French Onion soup...one of the best that I've ever tasted.I have never had to wait more than 15-20 minutes for a seat, but I imagine it can get longer since the restaurant is so small.It's kind of fun to sit at the bar and watch them cook all the food....but it can also get quite hot since you are close to the stoves.
Love their burgers. I first time there, I ordered the burger with blue cheese and it was amazing. Juicy meaty patty and delicious bun. 2nd time I ordered the burger with goat cheese and it just ruined the burger. burger with blue cheese- must trybowl of mussels- yummyBeef tartare- highly recPork chop & Brussels sprouts- okay, pork is not juicy enough for me to say wow, not something I'll order again
My son gave them 3 starsI gave them 4 starsHere's the scoop. My son and I are on a quest to find the best burger in San Francisco. Today we expanded our search to include non burger joint restaurants (ie those that have a more robust menu). Our search today led us to Chez Maman.Now in all fairness, let me explain our criteria. Pure and simple. We are puritans. Burger, bun, maybe some bacon and some cheese but we are in search of what is mainly simple. We feel it is the best way to compare.Let's get into the review.:Fries: Unequivocal approval. Thin cut fries. Handmade. Occassional thick fry in the mix...really great.Bun: Ciabota-like. A little thick for one. Tasty for both. A little big relative to burger but why quibble with an artisan fresh bun.Burger: Definitely a great burger. Not plain. Cooked to order. Over-seasoned according to one. Overall: Absolutely worth trying but be prepared for a burger that is not all about the meat.
Dear Chez Maman,Thank you for making the best onion soup I have EVER had. I love the cheese crust and it's chewy-goodness. Yes, I'll admit it. I occasionally dream about you. I also boast about you to all who will listen. I also enjoy that you employ authentic French men with uber cute accents that I sometimes don't understand but I smile and nod at enthusiastically in agreement with whatever he's saying. Your pananis, especially the salmon and dill, make my stomache do a happy dance. I'm also a sucker for your shoe-string fries. I wish you were larger and could accommodate big parties. You could have a better bathroom as well. But everyone has a few flaws and yours are miniscule and I still heart you in a serious, borderline-obsessed, but still platonic kinda way. Smooch-smooch,your little Asian, Felicia
I had my hopes up because there was only one name ahead of us on the waiting list, but it still took half an hour to be seated. I was numb/cranky by the time we were seated, but the big bowl of mussels was exactly what I needed. I may have eaten a few servings of bread dipped in the buttery mussel sauce.Had the burger of course. It was really good - not what you'd expect to get at a French bistro. I left sated, warm and happy - the mark of a good meal.
Out of this world! the mussels were so tasty as was the french onion soup. The burgers are perfect and are a great take out option. the vibe is different because its really just a very long counter were you sit. Super fast pace kitchen and the owner/staff are full of character.
This place is tiny. It has a counter with maybe 8 seats and a cramped corner table that can fit at most 5, which is pushing it. However, I would wait outside for an hour to eat there. Luckily, since the wait outside is more often than not pretty long, I'll wait long enough to eat. I've had the fish burger, the beef burger, and the chicken burger, along with the tomatoes, pesto, proscuitto omelette. Of the burgers, I'd definitely go with the beef as my top choice. It is cooked perfectly tender and juicy and is really large, so be ready to eat a lot. The fish was a close second. If I remember correctly the fish was salmon. The sauce they put on it was really amazing. The chicken was grilled and was good for a chicken burger, but not all that special. I'd recommend either the beef or the fish. One of my vegetarian friends came once as well and was able to find a dish to her likingLike I said above, this place is tiny, so maybe not the best for a large family gathering, but the atmosphere is definitely family-friendly. Also, if you sit in the seats right in front of the burner, you may want to wear some fire-retardant eyebrow guards. It gets hot in this place, so get ready to shed layers. There's outdoor seating, but that's usually a longer wait. I'd say it's worth it if you have some extra time. The wait staff, especially the main french guy that makes his rounds every once in a while, is really really friendly, funny and helpful. The prices are on in the upper-middle price range for burgers, so I wouldn't go here every week, but it's definitely a nice treat every once in a while. Brunch was pleasant too, the potatoes were really well seasoned, not too greasy and the omelette was very good. I don't remember a lot of details about it anymore, so I'll leave it at that.All in all, this is a solid place that I'd definitely recommend to anyone I know, meat and veggie eaters alike
Goooood stuff.Not a fan of the burg, ya know. Too much meat. Makes me feel like I swallowed a Newfoundland puppy. This time, I inhaled an adult St Bernard.Basic chuck- eleven bucksShrooms, cheese, bacon, avocado, etc- doll-hair fifty eachAsked for Swiss, got a slab of unapologetic Brie instead. Best mistake ever. Delicious salty fries of the perfect dimensions.Scared to ask the intimidating Frenchman for dijon, so I used the highly caloric housemade aioli instead. So good.Long wait, French people are rude, but their food is good. So suck it up, princess.
Tues., 10/14/2008 @ 7:30pmI heart this place and can not wait to go back!Yes, the restaurant is cozy, i.e. tiny with one bar and two tables, BUT the feeling is authentic. Perfect for an intimate chat with a friend OR a solo dine. The stove is in plain view across from the bar and I could feel the heat throughout the room. The owner, I love. He is a little distracted, however, attentive and quick. I can tell he's been doing this for a while. FOOD: I ordered the basic burger, add bacon, served on brioche with a side of pomme frites and mixed greens salad. TASTY! and very filling. I was sad I didn't have room for a crepe.DESSERT: Creme Brulee. Not the best-- watery and over-torched. Will get a crepe next time around.DRINKS: Belgian beer (forgot which one) was super smooth-- delish!!
Mmm, the fact that this is right in my sister's hood is a total plus. We've gone here a couple times and left very satisfied. The fries are DELICIOUS...shoestring and garlicky, just the way they should be.  The endive salad was okay...too large of a portion for those overpowering flavors. The crepes here are delicious....mmm nutella. The french onion is always a good dish...hot and cheesy! The price to taste ratio is quite good so I'll definitely be coming back. Plus the owner is SUPER nice!It's a very small place so come with a friend...not a group.
This is a tiny little bar/restaurant. I recommend coming with a group with no more than 4 people. They have one table in the front of the restaurant and everything else is bar seating. With that said, you may encounter some wait time before getting a seat. We waited about 15 minutes.Staff was very friendly, the owner/waiter came out to greet us and made small conversation. Even though we had a party of 9, he was determined to make it work, we end up seating 7 at the table that originally was made to seat 4 and we had to split 2 people at the bar, but we were in close enough proximity to still chat.Menu items all looked delicious, but prior to us coming here we met a guy at a bar near by and he recommended the Basic Burger. So I ordered a burger, it was delicious, the cheese on top was brie and it added a nice fancy taste to my burger. The bun was ciabatta bread...came with a side of salad and grilled onions. Their boiler was broken so we were not able to try their fries...which had really good ratings. =( My coworkers ordered the Hachis parmentier and it smelled really good! Think I will have to come back and try that and their crepes!
Let me count the ways I love thee....Went back for the 4th time with my cousins and aunt yesterday. We went just around 6pm so we got lucky and scored 4 seats at the counter (no wait! sweet!!!).The same guy who works behind the counter was there again (big surprise). He's a funny fella. Quite friendly. No complaints.I finally forced myself to try the pork chops that I've been dying to try despite the fact that I was desperately craving their burger..... "JUST DO IT" I thought to myself.I LOVED THE PORK CHOP + the sauce is AMAZING. BIG SURPRISE. HUGE SURPRISE!! NOT!!! This place never disappoints. Also got to try the mushroom fettucine and the mahi mahi for the first time..BOTH were melt in your mouth DELICIOUS.I am so happy to find a restaurant that I'm always excited to go back to...such a cute, petite, gem. I love you, Chez Maman! :)
I've lived in France and oh boy, am I glad to have these guys in town. If you don't mind waiting for a table (sigh, like all the time), it's so worth it! Guaranteed clean-platers for all who come to risk their waistlines at this fabulously-tasty-yet-very-affordable place. It's kind of a stretch to even call it a bistro, more like a long, cramped bar with stools along a too-narrow open kitchen and a couple of (literally, like 2) bar tables, but who cares about the less-than-perfect ambiance when the food will make you drunk with epicurean passion. The baked camembert is amazing, as is everything else I've ever tried... croque-monsieur, frites, hamburger (I know, weird), crepes Suzette, hachis parmentier and merguez are ALL MUST HAVES. Service is quick, efficient and friendly enough and basically no more than that. They know why you come, and it's not to chitchat w/ the (only) waiter. Nicely truncated selection of wines by the glass, the malbec is a great choice.
Chez Maman does great Burgers...If you come here to try the burgers, of course you're not going to find your traditional All American Burgers at Chez Maman, this being a French Restaurant. Some people might think this place just wants to make what some may call it just fancy burgers, in comparison to the American Burgers. Many don't know, but Hamburgers are a European invention and different areas of the world have adapted their own variation or style of the Hamburger, prepared uniquely in their own way which I think is great and I'm totally a fan of Specialty/different Burgers using a variety/selection of rolls/buns, meats, and other condiments... I guess you can say I don't have much of a discriminating palate =) and a burger is a burger to me, a meat patty in between two slices of bread, there you go =) I've been hearing about how Chez Maman does great burgers so I just had to find out what the hype is all about first hand. I came here for Sunday brunch...I ordered their:French onion soup: caramelized onion in a broth, with croutons, topped with a thick layer of good melting cheese that was baked.Basic Burger: the beef patty cooked medium, w/ cheese, bacon, sunny side up egg, with all the fixins- on the side mixed greens, grilled onions, and tomatoes on a toasted roll, and Frites w/ aoli. Woww! What a wonderful filling meal it was. Starting off with complimentary bread and butter which was nice and then was served the Onion soup hot with the cheese still sizzling on the bowl fresh from the oven, looking so appetizingly yummy. Dipping my spoon through that cheesy goodness into the bowl and making sure I get a good spoonful of the wonderful cheese, onions, tasty broth, ect....and then taking that bite. Their onion soup is divine, just describing it shows you how good it tasted =) As for the Burger. Oh yea, a nice big burger with all the fixins (cheddar cheese, mixed greens, tomato, grilled onions) a sunny side up egg on the patty and aoli slathered on the bread.  Putting it all together and digging into my burger, the beef patty was cooked perfectly to my liking medium, nice and juicy. With the egg made it a deliciously, scrumptious, gooey, very tasty burger. If you like the Croque Madame with the egg on top of your grilled ham sandwich then you will enjoy this burger =) The Burger along with the garlic Frites dipped into the yummy aioli... my mouth was definitely happy, full of delicious flavor bite after bite =). Great friendly, attentive service from our Chef/Server. He was awesome, right from when we walked in, and to the end. Even though it started to get really busy, still smiling he was right on with making sure everything was good and that we had everything we wanted =)Chez Maman is a very cute small restaurant, you'll love this place and I will definitely be back for more =)
Thank you Yelp for finding us another great lunch spot! Had lunch here with my cousin Jenn and my fiance Eric. Eric was feigning for crepe and I wanted to eat somewhere in the the Potrero District since its close to where Jenn and I worked at. I decided to find a restaurant in this area that I knew off that had a row of cute little restaurants and Chez Maman was one of them. This place is super small. They only have bar seating (except for the two small tables by the front window) but it was perfect for our little lunch date. We saw everything the cooks was doing since the kitchen was right in front of us. The baked camembert was BOMB! So bomb we had to ask for extra bread so that we didn't waste the cheese. We tried some of their crepes and I had the roasted Mahi Mahi. They were all so good!!! Can't wait to try out their other dishes next time.
Very tasty burgers- not a whole lot of space to eat inside but we ate outside which was nice. Not overly pricey but not a cheap burger.
Best baked camembert and roasted garlic I've ever had. Other highlights from my meal included the thin fries, french onion soup and mussels, provencale style. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Each item is prepared well and sure to satisfy.
Great burgers on artisan bun served with delicious fries. Get the burger medium with extras of Brie and bacon. You will not regret it! The only reason not 5 stars is how small, tight (elbow to elbow at the small counter) and drafty this place is. The door is constantly open wide as people are waiting on line to get the next seat. Friendly and unpretentious service...Laurent is cool. The sibling, Chez Papa, is a few doors down and also really good! Great 1-2 punch on 1 block!
Now that is a tasty burger! Even better than a Royal with cheese. ;-) Seriously though, the burgers were so tasty, and the cheese options were wonderful, we went with the goat and mushrooms and were not disappointed. Well worth the price, and the service was definitely attentive.
Brought a date here one evening and our evening was packed so we couldn't get to dinner until 10pm, luckily Chez Maman is open until 11pm. Very convenient. What is more impressive is their food. The Chez Maman in Hayes Valley offers burritos, tacos which is good for a quick bite or lunch but the best dish here is really their fettuccine carbonara and of course, their famous mussels. I have to say, I come back for their carbonara roughly 2-3 times a week. It's cooked to perfection, the wine, the cured meat, the pasta, and the raw egg on top (make sure to ask for two eggs instead of one). I don't drink but my date enjoyed her red wine and the Potrero Hill location is a lot cozier than the Hayes Valley one. Mostly all bar seating, you get to watch the chefs cook, and on a cold day, its toasty. Casual but classy, perfect for a first date.
Delicious burgers. Great beer choices. Quaint atmosphere. Great creme brle.
My partner and I stumbled on this place by accident. What a great find! The restaurant is SMALL, so be warned. Counter seating and a couple of tables are it, so group dining is NOT recommended. We happened to go at an off hour, 3pm, so we found seating right away. We were greeted by a charming French dude, and I thought, this is why I LOVE San Francisco and the dining scene; diversity. We decided on the Camembert with Roasted garlic appetizer, Steamed Mussels with white wine and garlic, and the fries with garlic aioli. Can you say GARLIC?!Good thing we both love garlic!To top it off, we ordered their house Rose from France. It went perfectly with everything we ordered. In a nutshell, everything was AMAZING! The Camembert spread on toasted baguette with a smear of roasted garlic must have been made in Heaven :) The broth that the mussels were cooked in definitely calls for lots of french bread for dipping. The fries were crisp, tender and perfectly seasoned.We left perfectly content and can't wait for our next visit to try the Thai style mussels. We showed up to our seminar, reeking of garlic, I'm sure, but I'll gladly reek because of Chez Maman anytime!
Excellent in every respect. Nice/Intimate atmosphere. Great wines. Amazing food. Friendly Staff.Even the power going out on 18th didn't stop them from continuing with the rest of our meal and dessert.Will definitely be back.
I'm rounding up from a 3.5. That's called optimism. Everyone who found out I moved to Potrero RAVED about Chez Maman. I mean, went nuts over it. A lot of people say a lot of restaurants in SF are good (and they're usually wrong), but seriously the most consistent, enthusiastic recommendations I've ever gotten have been for Chez Maman.So when my burger was only so-so, I was bummed. The ciabatta roll, stellar. But the patty was kind of thin and medium well, which is a little more cooked than I'd ordered it. And $1.50 for cheese, $1.50 for bacon, $1.50 for avocado... that really adds up. $15.50 later, I want this burger to knock my socks off. Meh.But to be fair, it was take out and I should've ordered fries instead of salad (which had a little too much dressing for my taste, though it wasn't heavy). And the bread, well the bread was great. They don't make it, but they have the sense to get good bread from somewhere so that goes in their favor.Since then, I've eaten in and it does gain some charm if you do. There are better things on the menu than the burger also, despite all the hoopla about it. The service is good, the crepe (suzette!) is simple and yummy, and the food is consistently at least not bad. And it's on my walk home from the train station, so it's probably gonna stay a regular in the rotation.
I'm still dreaming of my burger... it was so good. I would give this place 5 stars if they had more seating, but then again, that's part of the charm.Sitting at the cozy little bar with immediate service was lovely. The food was right on and priced well.I will definitely go back!
I'm so over French bistro food. Most nights I want almost anything else. But Chez Maman is the exception. I am obsessed with their pork chop, I am amazed by their burgers, and I am enchanted by their onion soup. The crepes are tasty, and the mussels are always a delight. It's a postage-stamp of a dining room (actually just a counter and two little tables), and I love it. You will too. But you'll have to wait your turn, so bring a jacket and maybe even a bottle to share while you wait outside...
This place is awesome! I would describe it as cozy, casual, and intimate.My dinner companion and I waited 40 minutes outside but it was such a gorgeous evening that we decided to enjoy a glass of wine to pass the time. I saw the owner outside having a smoke and told him I look forward to dining that evening. We struck up a quick conversation before he had to run back in. He asked me what I was having and I told him the burger but didnt know if it would be possible to get it with 2 patties. He smiled and said, "Anything is possible at Chez Mamn." I love burgers and Chez Mamn burger looked so good I knew I could finish it.Drinks: A few glasses of house red. Pretty good. I'm no wine snob so I couldnt tell you if it was "good" or good. Starters: Escargot. Amazing!!! I've had some funky ones at La Bergerie and swore I wouldnt go near escargot every again but my dinner companion ordered it to share and I didn't want to be rude. I"m glad it was on the table because they were delicious. Escargots are back on my roster.Dinner companion ordered the flat iron steak which tasted fine but the peppercorn sauce that accompanied it was better. You could put that sauce on shoe leather and it would taste amazing. =PThe owner personally took our order and he remembered I requested for 2 patties. I asked for it to be cooked medium and topped with brie. Oh wow! I only managed to finish 1/2 my plate because the brie was so rich. It was a very generous portion. I had to "tap out" and doggie bag it. I've never doggie bagged a burger but the Brie did me in. Ya know what? I would do it again!Finished the dinner with a couple of latte's and called it a successful evening. We originally planned on grabbing cocktails at the W but had such a great time at Chez Maman that we decided to call it a night.
If Chez Maman was a man, everyone would hide their girl/boyfriends/wives/partners from him. He'd be charming, attentive, rich, romantic, tasty and worst of all (gasp!) French!This place is one of my favorites. We end up eating here about twice a month and are never disappointed. The service is always top notch, the food comes out straight from the stove (which is next to you) and the burgers are juicy and delicious. My fave is medium rare, with brie and an egg.Some dishes are tastier than others. I highly recommend the aforementioned burger, the mussels with fries (some of the best I've had in the city so far) and the steak. Do be prepared to have a super food coma after, because Chez Maman is not light on the butter. Also be prepared to wait, because there is often a huge line. The hours help, though; go at off times (3pm) you'll have a better chance at a seat.
(while dining at Chez Maman, my cell phone rings)Ring ring...Me: Hello?Grandma: OH! WHERE ARE YOU!? (she shout-talks, it's her normal voice)Me: AT CHEZ MAMAN! (she's hard of hearing, too)Grandma: I'M AT THE LAUNDRY! Me: I'M AT DINNER!Grandma: WHERE?Me: POTRERO HILL!Grandma: POCHERO?!?!Leave it up to Gma to have me yell in a tiny ass bistro.My recs:French Onion Soup: BALLER Baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points: BALLERIFICBasic Burger w/Goat Cheese and Avocado: BALLERIFICUSLes Moules Mariniere w/Frites: BOSS BALLIN U.S.A.I've been here several times this year, and always order the same thing. They never disappoint. Best joint in POCHERO hill!
My favorite brunch place in all of SF. This tiny little place eats less than 15 people at a time. Most of the seating is along a bar facing the kitchen where you will watch your food get made: you can watch them make crepes, pile on the cheese onto the french onion soup, or grill the burgers. It's quite fascinating. I simply love it. Above all, the food is very authentic. The salmon egg benedicts are delicious (you can watch them make the eggs perfectly!). The burgers are simply amazing given the extra effort and seasoning they put into the patties, and yes, u want the extra slab of brie. O, and the french onion soup is the best I've had outside of France. Tip: arrive at opening at 11am to get seated in a decent timely manner! Coming with more than 4 people would make it hard to get seating.
What's not to love about this place!!?? The burgers, the chicken sandwich, hachis, the crepes...everything on that menu kicks ass!! A lot of good salads and healthy options too! I felt it was reasonably priced too for the level of food you get. Very cool neighborhood place!!
Oh what was I complaining about, I don't know. Did I deduct a star for the owner rolling his eyes. You know what, I don't care anymore. I have actually come to really like Oliver, the owner/ waiter. I love this place. Love love love love love. It's tiny, hot, crowded and has amazing food accompanied with a fantastic atmosphere. The restaurant takes incredible pride in their cooking and love it when you love it. If you go for dinner, don't leave without having a crepe (around $6 - $7). They are fantastic.
This is a great place. The veal was good but too salty. the wait was not as bad as I thought. I will definitely go back to try more dishes.
Small cozy little place here with a nice counter style cafe and 2 small table with window seating. Has a nice atmosphere that was filled with French Poster on the walls and a very large mirror hanging. Now, for the food!! I order the Croque Madame (with egg) and a small salad. It was well presented with a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg on the top of the wonderful thick grilled bread with thinly sliced ham and melted cheese oozing on to the plate!! Truly a Classic! Very good service and was promptly served. Very impress with how they can produce excellent meals in a tiny open kitchen!
Chez Maman delivers with a tasty burger. The beef patty is thin, lean and popping with flavors of herbs. They call it a Basic burger... Would it be called the Le Basic in France?The bun is a nicely toasted french roll with an aioli spread. I was tempted to go with some fries but decided with a healthier side of greens. A glass of wine would of been nice too!The price is a little steep though at $11. Extras like cheese, bacon and avocado are a $1.50 each.The food looks good here. Will surely be back to try the crepes and paninis.
It was worth the wait. Everything we ordered is delicious: Steak Tartare, Burger with fries, Smoked salmon Panini, and French onion soup.
I may be stingy with the stars but I have to have my socks rocked off to give 5, but this is really a 4.5 - 4.75....This wins for intimate and cozy - perfect date nite, especially first date or romantic firestarter..sit at the counter for free entertainment. otherwise there are only a couple tables crammed in the window or out on the sidewalk - but it's fun to watch the line... like downtown, the food is yum, and while not a budget option, if you pay attention (share starters, watch the wine intake) you can have a nice meal without doing tooo tooo much damage. (Still not cheap and why eat out of you cant enjoy the menu?)all told. one of my first ideas when near potrero and wanting a cozy meal
A nostalgic personal fave of mine for delicious, mouthwatering burgers in a downright homey restaurant. I love Chez Maman and I wish I lived closer!Every chance I get, I tell people about this place or even better, bring them here so that I can dine on scrumptious fare!My first visit to Chez Maman was a windy Labor day, which meant the restaurant was packed to the gills and the earliest seating arrangement for our party of five was their outdoor seating - we took it because we were starving. *Tip: unless the weather in SF is absolutely breathtaking, you don't want to sit outside to eat. You'll thank me later when you waive the outdoor seating in exchange for warm, table or counter seating instead. The restaurant is on the slight downward of a hill, and so you get a serious wind tunnel effect blowing through 18th Street and, you're eating on a slant, which isn't fun.Each time I've eaten here, I have ordered their burger with brie and a side of frites with aioli. You cannot go wrong with their burger, in fact, you can only do right, by ordering them. EVERY TIME. My friend, Olivia T., learned that the hard way, when we ate here for the first time and everyone at our table ordered one but her! (which is why we came back a few weeks later, so that we could both have them) :) The meat is juicy and covered in delectable spices and herbs, the baguette is fresh, crunchy and chewy. The aioli spread is amazing and when you top your meat with brie, you're in gluttony heaven. The meal isn't sick-to-your-stomach greasy but rather a harmonious blend of succulent juices and flavorful textures. The service is friendly. Make sure to head there early, or you'll be waiting for a seat but even if you do, the meal is so worth the wait!
Sooooo good! Totally authentic french food. Yummy! The whole experience reminded me of dinners at Parisian cafes (only better). It's a neighborhood place good enough to drive across the city for (from the Marina). The croque madame- amazing! The French Onion Soup- amazing! The french fries- so good! The chocolate-hazelnut mouse- yummy! PS- they do take out!
stellar! Upon walking in, you are immediately greeted by satisfied customers enjoying their food at the bar (the place is just big enough for that), a waft of warm/delicious aromas, and really friendly service. First things first, the french onion soup is to die for. If you are looking for something warm on a cold San Francisco day, look no further. WIN WIN WIN! Chez Maman is situated in a darling neighborhood with lots of unique boutique stores and easy-to-find street parking. The place is small and cozy (not good for groups, but perfect for groups of 2 or 3), and you can see the chefs prepare your food, which I am a fan of. The salmon crepe and the salmon burger were both excellent. The crepe had the right amount of capers and sauce that did not overpower the salmon. The fries came with this magnificent garlic aoili whose kick of garlic was a pleasant surprise for the taste buds. As we were eating, we saw the chefs prepare some takeout boxes which looked amazing!
Had a somewhat healthy dinner with a friend tonight. Endive pear salad with roquefort. The roquefort was strong and smooth; really tasty with endive and walnut. My friend loved the ratatouille. Noms. She had a tomato, pistou, prosciutto panini. It was shaped like a heart  Cinnamon pain perdu was full of SUPREME HAPPINESS it was the dollop of whipped cream that really sold me. Lovee ;) I so wish I lived in Potrero Hill.
The basic burger really is delicious. So are the frites.
I took Jeff here for his birthday and it was great! I chose this restaurant because he loves burgers and the Yelp reviews claimed the best burger in the city... great location on Union too! We got there and the inside was super cute. The restaurant and bar area were small but I also discovered a small, adorable private dining room on the way to the restroom. Our food was delicious. We each ordered a great glass of wine (white for me, red for Jeff) and the ratatouille to share. Jeff picked out the burger with fancy cheese and french fries and I debated a long time over everything tempting on the menu. I will definitely need to go back to try other dishes! I finally chose the grilled fish burger with greens and it was delicious! The buns were great french bread, the salad was perfect, and the fish was yummy too. I had enough for awesome lunch left-overs for the next day too! Overall, I will be back!
Intimate (tiny) place but the food speaks for itself!Food = 5.0. I'd give the food a 6.0 if I could! I've been to Chez Maman several times but the brunch always tickles me. The crepe complte is my favorite entree and the dish of sauted potatoes is the best side. You also can't go wrong with any omelette. Service = 4.5. The place is small. I mean SMALL. With two cooks and a server, there aren't too many tables to overwhelm the staff. Food comes out quick and hot. Atmosphere = 3.0. Yes, the place is a neighborhood gem. No, it's not fancy but the food more than makes up for simple atmosphere.
Must update, as I've grown to love this place even more.Chez Maman is my go-to for burgers. I have to admit, I am not as adventurous as I like at this place, just simply because, I always regret not getting the burger. Yes, it's that good. I usually get the burger with brie on top, they melt the brie and it adds this creamy deliciousness. I also can't get over how great the bread is, does not get soggy and mushy like a lot of other burgers, and it also prevents the burger from doing the weird, squishing out the back thing. For a starter, the baked camembert is glorious!PS. the servers are AWESOME!! they are so sweet and attentive
The best french restaurant in SF. Get the "ouefs cocottes". Awesome date spot.
The staff are super friendly, and the food is great! The French onion soup is really good. So is the burger and the steak! And of course the dessert :)
And still my love for Potrero Hill grows even deeper!On the lookout for a late lunch, I stumbled upon wee Chez Maman. With a long bar and only two tables, it was perfect for a loner meal and provided great caf eats: panini, crepes and salads. I settled on a ratatouille (veggie) sandwich served with a fresh side of greens. The tomato flavor was wonderfully balanced, with hefty chunks of zuch, squash and peppers with a blanket of gooey cheese goodness. It was served up expeditiously with a flourish and authentic accent, and promptly devoured.How disgustingly Parisian is it that I capped off the meal with a generous mocha and gleeful smoke in the sunshine?
Found an excellent place to come for a weekday dinner. This tiny restaurant is taller than wide with 10 counter seats and 2 small tables, but Parisian feel provides pretty good atmosphere. Three cooks and a waiter makes the place run quite efficiently. Here is how Chez Maman did on my 5 requirements for a good weekday dinner:1. No lines. Well, with only 14 seats at this small restaurant, it's a hit or miss. Within 10 minutes, no wait may turn into 20 minute wait as seats could quickly fill.2. Easy parking. In Potrero Hill area, there are plenty of 90 degrees free parking.3. Cheap, but quality food ($10-15 range). $9 burgers and $9 sandwiches.4. Comfortable seating. Not the roomy seating that I usually like, but their counter seating was quite comfortable. The European feel contributes to the comfort.5. Cheap beer or wine. $4 drafts wasn't exactly cheap, which is the only negative thing about this place. With that said, their 1669 Beer was pretty good.
Baked camembert (cheese) with roasted garlic and toast points - delicious!Les Moules (mussels) Mariniere w/fries w/aioli - a-ok. sauce was good but it wasn't the best i've had... This place is small and has outdoor seating. The server w/the french accent was really the star of the show. He was super busy but very efficient w/ordering and serving and quite funny too.
O.M.F.GSeriously, this is the BEST brunch I have had in a Looooong time!It is very small and intimate and perfect for a brunch date on a saturday with my favorite gay boyfriends. I had the burger with goat cheese, bacon, tomatoe, lettuce....and frites!Um, yeah...jealous yet? You should be cuase it was AMAZING! To top off what I thought was an already perfect meal we got the berry crepe to share for dessert. It was light and very flavorful.Our server was a super attractive french gentleman who encouraged us to keep eating....yeah, I wanted to marry him by the end of the meal. I will be back, anyone wanna go for dinner ;)
I would totally come back for their burgers.. yummo! Waaaaaaaay better than Umami Burgers....
The first thing to know about Chez Maman is that you should completely ignore every Yelp review that mentions a burger (which, by my estimate, is 99% of the reviews). People who order burgers at French bistros do not have trustworthy opinions on food.There are so many things that Chez Maman does well, and none of them have anything to do with ground meat.  The wine is a step above what you get at most restaurants, yet still reasonably priced. The mussels are perfectly cooked (and safe to eat!); the sauces are excellent. When you order the endive and pear salad, you get to watch them cut up whole endives (to order!), then garnish the salad with the tips. It's as if they're saying to you: "yes, we *could* prep these things hours in advance, but you're *not* ordering a burger, so you're special. we're gonna class it up a bit, just for you." I like that. They care about the details.That said, not everything here is perfect. The dinner menu can be hit-and-miss, with some dishes excellent (again, the mussels), other things unique (there aren't many places that serve blood sausage anymore), and other things just adequate (the veal). The space is regrettably tiny (especially given the number of people who want to crowd in to eat like they're at the finest McDonald's in Paris). But these are minor complaints. If you want quality french bistro food without spending a lot of cash, Chez Maman is a great choice. But, please...order something a little different, okay?
Love, love, love...Or should I say...L'amour, l'amour, l'amour...Fantastic burgers. Delicious Croque Monsieur. Fabulous Crepes avec creme fraiche and berries.I am a little concerned by the note on the door that says they are changing ownership though. I hope the menu and quality stays the same!
I know that Chez Maman is known for its burgers, but don't discount the other food because it's delicious!!We split (and by "split", I mean "whored out" as L.B. put it) our food between the 5 of us--a medley of appetizers and entrees.APPETIZERS:1. Baked camembert - fantastic and flavorful! Perfect with the garlic.2. Escargot - it was my first escargot rodeo, and gotta say...gonna get back on the horse again. :)3. French fries - thin and crispy! Just the way I like 'em!4. French onion soup - absolutely delicious.*PANINIS:1. Brie & prosciutto - I ordered this one, and it was the perfect size. Flavored really well; prosciutto was NOT too dry.2. Smoked salmon - delicious and the fish was a good texture.ENTREES:1. Mussels - very generous portions, and well seasoned.2. Pork chop with apple cider mustard sauce - large portions...and gone in 60 seconds.BURGER:1. Burger with brie - I think this is a self-explanatory 5 stars. Meat & brie. 'Nuff said.So I didn't give it the extra star because there is only 1 real table, which fits 5, in the whole restaurant. Otherwise, you'll have to sit at the counter. So expect a looong wait if you have a big party...However, the food, burgers and beyond, is exceptional & worth the wait. Just be ready to wait :)*So worth it, that my friend burned his chest with the french onion when he stole from our 2nd bowl and karma slapped him in the fac--er, chest and hot soup fell from the spoon...and then he still went back for more.
Rustic, tiny, and very comfy. Sit across from the stove for maximum warmth on cold mornings.
Great French Burger joint!The only down side is there is really only counter seating with two tables outside and two inside.Great wine menu as well.This place is always super crowded (it's hard not to be when your restaurant seats maybe 10-12 people inside) so I would recommend getting there either before or after the lunch rush. PS. I've heard their mussels are really really good......
Hands down my favorite restaurant in the City.
Went in for a brunch and despite the the small space found ample seating at the bar (however seating filled up quickly and soon there was a wait). Tried the burger and one of their panini's; both were satisfying. The egg dishes looked amazing so we will be back!
I used to love this place. I've tried it 5 times in the last 6 months and I hate to say it, but I've been disappointed. Fettuccine Carbonara had too much garlic. Then I thought I should go back to the classic burger that blew me away when I first fell in love. Dry. I even tried dialing it down to medium rare a few times; still dry. Sorry everyone.
A must try in the San Francisco area. I really enjoyed everything that we ordered here. I stopped by on Friday night and there was a wait but with the ratings that i saw on yelp, i would not expect otherwise. The restaurant is SMALL, a small bar of about 8-10 seats, two tiny tables for two inside and two tables for two outside. The wait was about 20-30 minutes but honestly the food is worth the wait. We ordered: French onion soup Beef tar tarSmoked Salmon Panini (comes with a side of salad)Chicken Pesto Panini (comes with a side of salad)Burger with an egg, avocado, and brie cheese (side of fries)EVERYTHING was very tasty and definitely a different level of freshness. I don't really have anything negative to say, everything is of fine quality. I will definitely return especially since they're open until 11pm on friday and saturdays.
OK when I see 657 reviews, I feel like I'm a) late on the scene and b) like my review will not add any real value. Here's what I can say about this place: 657 people cannot be wrong. This place has a 4 star rating for a reason. It's super small and cozy which I like. It's a French diner! The burger was simply amazing with herbs cooked deep inside...the guy next to me inhaled his in less than 5 minutes! The poor lad didn't even chew so I'm sure he missed all the herbs and spices. The burger was accompanied by freshly cut and fried pommes frites. My girlfriend and I dipped them in dijon mustard (when in France!) then topped it off with two glasses of wine. The waiter is cute, French, efficient and funny...all the things I look for in a man! I mean waiter.Oh and the neighborhood is super sleepy on a Saturday afternoon with plenty of parking! It's like we escaped the city for a few hours.
Another one of those places I've been to many times but never got to Yelp.So once again I'm a bit late to the party, being the 626th review; what can I say that hasn't been said?Well, maybe a couple of things.I was born and raised in France, so I kinda know what French food is. I went to a few very nice, fancy and pricey restaurants in San Francisco where they serve French cuisine. It's good, definitely French inspired, but that's not what you eat in France on a regular basis. They are kind of what the Oshas are to Thai food.Now if you read my "Authentic Thai places in SF" list, you will know that Ozone on Polk st. is the real deal.Well Chez Maman is the Ozone of French food.Ok, maybe burgers are good.But Moules-Frites (Mariniere sauce mussels), Steak-Frites (Steak and fries) and Hachis Parmentier (mash potatoes with ground meat) is the stuff my grandma used to make and I used to eat at Home.Those, and paninis, are the things people in France eat during their lunch break.You want real French food? You don't need to pay $100+ for that.Just a couple of minuses:- Parking sucks- It's very small so if you go on the week end (brunch) you have to wait and I hate waiting- Service by French people is, you know..... French (courteous but to the point)- It's reasonably priced, but still twice as much as I used to pay for the same stuff in Paris.... oh well I guess that's the price to pay to enjoy the same food without a bunch of obnoxious Parisians around.Still, not enough to knock down a star.
My new favorite place in the city! One of the hidden gems of San Francisco. Try the french onion soup! I must say it is on point.
Les Moules (recommended with fries) are amazing (any one of the four sauces). Escargot in the shell! Wow I'm impressed. Only 4* instead of 5* because it is so small and hard to accommodate large parties. It is a very romantic spot not good for groups.
Yum... I think most Yelpers covered what's good here. I like their burgers and appetizers. Price is right. Only thing is maybe having to wait., so don't come when it's busy.
French onion soup. Baked camembert. Flat iron steak. Berries & creme fraiche crepe (optional). Thank me later.Honestly a fantastic place to grab a bite to eat and worth the wait. I came with my wife and we had all of the above (shared the appetizers, one steak each) and everything was fantastic. The French onion soup wasn't overly salty, the baked camembert was so great because we love cheese, the flat iron steak comes with this green peppercorn sauce that is SO GOOD and the crepe was a great way to round it all out. I've rarely seen my wife eat to her full capacity AND remain completely speechless at the food.I had a burger here before and it was pretty good, a very solid burger. Their fries are great, too (also comes with the flat iron steak). Plus, you get to see your food getting cooked before your eyes (if you're at the bar) which adds to the anticipation of getting your food.We'll be coming back and keeping our fingers crossed for reasonable wait times...even though we'll probably sit through the wait either way!
Went here for brunch. Very cozy place...absolutely no room for baggage/strollers. There's a long counter that seats maybe 10 and 4 seats inside, 4 seater outside. The burger really is good, the bread is what makes it good along with the herbed meat. I added avocado and swiss cheese to mine. He had an equally satisfying 2 poached eggs with merguez. We also shared a side of beans with chorizo. The OJ tasted fresh squeezed and the salad was fresh-tossed...it's an open kitchen. Total bill was about $44 for 2.
Quite possibly the finest burger in SF. Definitely top 3. Aside from using great ingredients and cooking them perfectly, they somehow manage to get everything to match their delicious buns perfectly - it's uncanny. Even the avocado doesn't slip out.
Gawd I love this place. Let me tell you why.. Ambiance - Very European. Small with high ceilings, cozy, airy, gets great sunlight. Service - Quick and thoughtful.Food - Ah the food..let me tell you what's worth ordering here. So far everything I've tried, which is: Proscuitto cocotte, croque madame, French fries with aioli, chocolate mousse and the nutella crepe.I'd say you're pretty safe ordering just about anything and liking it. Check this place out, it's a great way to start off the weekend.
Pork chop sandwiches! No not really, just a pork chop, grilled. Pretty tasty, bone-in (T-bone?), with one side that had the taste and texture of a good rib-eye steak - which is kind of strange, I've never tasted a pork chop like that but I'm not complaining, and the other more of what you think of when you think a pork chop. Regular pork chop side was slightly overcooked, but nothing a bit of the apple cider mustard sauce can't fix I suppose. Accompanying brussells sprouts were cooked with copious amounts of bacon and roasted garlic (I think) + butter I'm sure. Tasty, though cook pretty much anything with bacon, roasted garlic, and butter and I'll probably enjoy it. My charming date ordered Les Moules Poulette aka mussels cooked with shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley. "They were quite delicious" she says, even though she doesn't usually prefer consuming bivalves. The shoestring fries, maybe a tad well done for my preferences, but that's me. Waiter guy is charming and efficient. I like that if you sit at the bar you can see the food being prepared.
I absolutely did NOT expect this place to be so excellent! Legit French cuisine. The place is tiny, but with the host's (owner?) service and attention, it just felt all the more cozy and welcoming. Food: onion soup and crepe, were delightfully flavorful and delicious. There was a decent amount of butter in the food, but it didn't overtake the actual flavors. It's hard to experience that real French combination taste of airy, rich, and buttery in many places, but I think this place hit it straight-on. I will be returning to try everything else...
Super super good burger. I was craving a patty on a bun and I didn't even know it until I walked into Chez Maman on a Saturday night to meet some friends. Thankfully they had snagged the only real table in the itty bitty restaurant. Our group ordered paninis, pork loin, mussels, and the burger, and then we proceeded to whore out our food so everyone could have a taste. It was all very good - the pork loin was my 2nd favorite.I got the burger with brie. INCREDIBLE. The thick slabs of brie were oozing out of the ciabatta (I think?) bun all over the place and the burger juice dribbled down my hands as I completely devoured the beautiful thing. To me, a sign of a good burger is the amount of burger and toppings that end up on you instead of in your mouth. Well done, Chez Maman. Best burger in the city? I don't know - I haven't tried them all (God help me if I ever do try them all). This brie burger totally hit the spot and was perfect with a beer and crispy fries (of COURSE I got fries). My only complaint is that they were a little stingy on the ketchup distribution. Hook a girl up, for real.Parking was also a relative breeze - Potrero Hill, I think I love you!
If you've never had french food, start your experience at Chez Maman. Delicious, fairly simple food at reasonable prices. Attentive wait staff as well. Their burger is absolutely delicious as is their salmon crepe.
We usually go here for the best burger in SF but this last time I decided to branch out. I wasn't feeling hungry enough for a burger but a salad, tho delicious sounding, didn't seem to be enough. So, I got the panini with tomatoes and prosciutto and it was awesome. Grilled perfectly. The pisto sauce was amazing. They served it so that it was shaped like a heart which made me really happy and I had to take a pic, which you can see above. I'm not a beer drinker but I love a glass of cider. And my favorite cider to drink is Woodchuck and that's just what they served and that also made me really happy.I was also really happy to hear so many people in there speaking French. I always like it when I go to an international restaurant and there are people of that nationality there (tho, I suppose the people could have been speaking Quebecian French, but who cares! it added to the atmosphere)The only downside is that they can seat only about 20 people (if that) and the bar is cramped - but at least they put those hooks under it so you don't have to sit on your jacket.
Best French onion soup. Small place w great food. Not far from airport and good enough parking.
This place is yummy. It's pretty small but I went around 2 on a Friday and we took the last two seats at the counter since there were no tables left. Of course I got the famous hamburger with avocado and egg on top. This thing was huge. I could have shared and been fine but that's just me. Everything tasted good. I think I would try something else next time. The burger was a little dry for me and lacking in taste. I like my burgers to have taste. It had some kind of spice in it but couldn't put my finger on it and no it wasn't spicy at all. But I like maybe a little salt and pepper. French fries were yummy nice and hot.
Chez Maman is a lovely, cozy place and Olivier is a wonderful server and host. The goat cheese hamburger and cilantro fries are so so yummy. Hope to come back soon.
We stopped in here at 4 in the afternoon. Luckily for us, only about 4 patrons were inside, but after we ordered the place started to fill up quickly. With only about 13 seats in the joint, the wait time undoubtedly becomes frustrating for anyone who shows up at a normal eating time.What I enjoyed most was the presentation of our food. We had the endive salad and the Camembert appetizer. I watched the cook prepare and arrange the salad in a mound topped with endive garnish and surrounded by individual endive leaves. It wasn't pretty, because the salad was tossed with so much balsamic vinegar that everything was brown, but it was impressive to look at. It's a very strong tasting salad, and filled with so much walnuts, Rocquefort cheese, and dressing that it must be fattening. Less dressing would help make this salad taste fresher and lighter.The Camembert, melted in a ramekin with toast points sticking out of it, served with an entire bulb of roasted garlic and a few lettuce leaves, looked truly amazing. However, the bread was so damn hard I couldn't fully enjoy the dish. The garlic was both beautiful and delicious. The cheese itself was, of course, faultless.The bf also had some red wine that he enjoyed immensely.We'd both love to try other items on the menu, especially as we don't usually see food like this at restaurants in the East Bay.
By far my favorite restaurant in the city. The burgers are to die for. Chez Maman offers a unique atmosphere, great food and great service. The burger is so good here I rarely venture on the menu much, but when I have I have not been disappointed. Just writing this review is making me really hungry.Part of what makes the ambiance of the restaurant is how small it is. Which unfortunately means that it cannot seat that many people. If you arrive and it is full, put your name on the waiting list chalkboard, it is so worth the wait.
Hey Yelpers,I took a couple weeks off but I'm back in a big way to give a restaurant 5 stars. I rarely give 5 stars because the combination of great food and ambiance is tough to find.I think Chez Maman has it. I've only been once, but I wanted to try everything on the menu. The eggs benedict looked terrific.But I had a burger. Here, you can select from a few types of cheeses. The kind I chose was called Gruyre (note how I was able to get the accent over the 'e', impressive given the fact that I don't have a multi-language word processor). Selecting one's cheese on a burger is significant, almost as important as selecting say, a spouse, because both are going to stay with you for awhile.My burger came with an aioli dip. I never had that on a burger before, and it was good.The decor is simple, but I like all things French, so I found the French travel posters on the walls satisfying.The restaurant is very small, plan on waiting during busy hours. I recommend bringing chalk and a big bouncy ball so you can play 4-square out in front of the restaurant. Seriously, when was the last time you played that game? It was a blast but I was not good at it.I gotta go to Starbucks now, where they'll ask me if I want "room for cream" in my coffee. Does anyone ever say yes to that? Just fill it up to the top and pour a little out if you want a bunch of milk in your coffee - let's keep the line moving ...Wait, what was I reviewing?
This place is small and intimate... Went here with some of my friends and tried the food. The food is great. Its like homecook french bistro. The portions were enough and the porkchops were just fabulous. You would think that porkchops are usually dry. But it was very juicy.Would love to go here again. The price was very reasonable and desserts were just as good.
Wah, visited my go-to-fav wednesday nite and came away disappointed. No onion soup.wah. No steak tartare, meat still frozen, wah. Tried the rose, so-so. Ordered the salmon crepe with salad. Basically store bought lox tucked inside a small buckwheat crepe with some sour cream, no dill flavor, squirted along the top. Now i will move on to other restaurants instead of remaining monogamous. Wah, i loved coming here with my dog, sitting outside and watching the world pass by...
I love this place. This guy I used to date would always take me to Potrero to eat and we decided to try this place out one afternoon. The food here is fantastic, especially the chicken panini. I like how all of the paninis I tried so far are never dry. I tried ratatouille for the first time here. I saw the movie (yes I am a nerd) and wanted to finally try it.  It wasn't what I expected, I thought it would be a lot thicker, but it was still mouthwatering. The fries were also pretty good, not salty and you can tell it's fresh. I'm definitely a fan of the shoestring fries. One of the many great food places at Potrero and my favorite Sunday brunch spot.Chez Maman - 5Boy - 0
No doubt, for this category it is as good as it gets.One of my top favorites burgers in SF. The french fries are awesome as well. They also serve a good veggie burger (well that is what I heard, I'm definitely not into veggie burgers :) so if you come with non-meat fans they are likely to enjoy as well.What can I say, I even like their desserts. It's a tiny place (~10 guests inside) so don't come in a big group and be prepared to wait a bit till you get seated.
I LOVE this place.I could eat here everyday if my wife let me.The burgers, crepes, and everything on the menu is fabulous.The dining area fits about 15 people......total. About of the 8 seats are at the counter. There's usually a line or some sort of wait here on the weekends.It's worth the wait.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city and would make every attempt to go here more often.
I got the burger with fries and added avocado. We ate along the long bar where we could watch the cooks prepare the dishes. This place is filled with personality. Things are done right. The food was cooked to perfection, the ambiance was just right, the owner was attentive and just what I'd expect in a little neighborhood spot somewhere in France, serving delicious food for an exquisite dining experience. I will return to this gem on Potrero Hill.
Pretty damn good. Not perfect, but what is?First off, the bistro setting is fabulous. Sitting at the counter, we were captivated by the chef managing all the burners. (Btw, great first date spot--gives you something interesting to watch/talk about.) The ingredients were of solid quality. Endive salad?--Whole endives (not prepped and tinged with brownish edges) chopped and dressed in front of us. Also, a very substantial salad, portion-wise. And, the salad was endive, none of that "pile of mixed greens with a few endive leaves hidden in there"-bullshit.Some of my veal was slightly overcooked...but the sauce was amazing. And, oh, the WINE. We each had a glass. Both were fantastic. Great wine to put you in a good mood (with a generous pour and a very reasonable price for the glass), followed by some very solid food.And the dessert crepe we split?--not overcooked, not brittle, not rubbery. GOOD. There are too many mediocre to shitty creperies around SF. Nice to see a place that makes them properly.Mmmmmmm.
We only had the Thai-flavored mussels, and they were amazing. Possibly the best mussels I've ever had. Can't speak for the rest of the menu, but based on the mussels, I'd definitely go back to try out a few more items!
OMG, food is so good!
Sunday brunch with my love at this cute little French cafe in a quaint 'out of city' feel tucked in between the hills of Potereo.. close to some of my favorite (Axis cafe), was nothing but divine. Everything on the menu looked delicious coming from the open kitchen. The counter seating was cozy and not cramped in the morning, but I can see this place getting lots of foot traffic with the nearby schools (CCA, ACTCM) during the week. We opted to share a French onion soup and then ordered the burger for him and poached eggs with smoked salmon for me. Mmmm.. classic, simple, with flavors right on the money.
LOVE. or better yet J'adore! Last weekend I visited San Francisco to see Les Miserables and therefore was on a French themed mission. Luckily for my husband and I this lovely place was open for a memorable French Brunch that was the perfect envoyer to the weekend. I went for the Salmot Cocot and Dan had the 2 eggs with spicy lamb sausage. They both were prepared perfectly. The service was impeccable...polite mercis abounded and my water was never empty. The price without drinks for 2 meals that kept us filled up till dinner was about $20 with tea and coffee. I love this place and highly recommend the brunch--I cannot wait to come back and try more on their menu! But what we had was so good I bet I'll forget to branch out!
Just dropped by here today it's kind of in a hidden neighborhood close by my house....parking is not too bad just a lot of steep hills to park on/walk up and down. I didn't realize this place was so tiny they can only fit 14 inside and maybe 4 outside.It has been about 2 years since I have visited France and my eyes get a little watery every time I see the words steak frites or croque madame anywhere. I was a little overjoyed to see a french sign detailing both of these as the daily specials.It was a little bit warm inside but I didn't mind since I get cold easily. I ordered the vegetarian quesadilla(zucchini, onions, creme fraiche, peppers) and it also came with salsa, guacamole, and a small side salad. I was a little surprised when I bit into it expecting cheese but only really I was actually a little startled by the taste but it wasn't bad a little salty and sweet.The frites were the best part of the meal thin and crispy almost like potato chips with the best garlic aioli dipping sauce. We almost ate all of them except the little hole at the bottom of the cone spilled out all the little end bits. I will definitely go again to try the steak frites.Make sure to come early this place gets PACKED!
Amazing french Service.The burger had an herb touch and the creme Bur lee was to die for!Me and my bf enjoyed our 3 hour lunch there!!
This place gives a burger a certain, je ne sais quoi... but it's damn good! [Can I say damn on here?] As in ONE OF THE BEST BURGERS YOU'LL EVER EAT! I first went here on Bastille Day last year--Vive La France!--to celebrate a bunch of aristocrats losing their heads (my type of holiday!).It's a tiny gourmet hole in the wall on Potrero Hill, that looks like a lunch counter spot from 1943 (there's only 2 tiny tables on the inside and about 10 counter seats, plus sidewalk seating outside).They have your basic French fare: Croque Monsieur/Madame, Huilles, and crepes, crepes, crepes. I had the Croque Monsieur once, and then discovered the burgers! Yum.The base burger is $11, and comes with mayonnaise, sauteed onions, tomatoes, lettuce, and your choice of salad or fries. (Go for the fries!) Then you get your add-ons: BACON, avocado, egg, and cheese (Roquefort, Goat, Swiss, Cheddar, Brie). But the whole thing is on a light French loaf... like a Ciabatta, but softer. (I'm sure there's a name for it, but alas... my knowledge fails me.)Yes, the owner[?]/head waiter[?] is French, and does a surprisingly good job of creating a petite slice of France in this corner of the world by speaking in French to the chefs, throwing in a "monsieur" or "madame" to the clientele, and whirling off little French-isms: "voulez salad, monsieur?""Je ne jamais manger le salad, monsieur..." I replied in my seriously bad high-school French. All I'm saying: be prepared to go the full course if you utter a word or two in French. He will only speak to you from now, en Francais.Drawbacks1. It's tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny. Be prepared to rub elbows with your neighbor.2. Because it's tiny, you see people wait. And where there's waiting, there's paranoia: why did the nice French owner/waiter hand me the bill so quickly and run away? Does he want me to leave to empty the spot? His eyes just darted back over here--he DOES want me to leave...3. You might never want to go back to your previous favorite burger spot.
ENVIRONMENT:small/quaint, relaxed, casual, attracts an easy/friendly crowd. on a saturday early evening (apprx 5pm), we had to wait for about 35-40 minutes, but the thing was - everyone before us also waited. there were about 5 parties (mostly couples) before us. clearly people wanted the food. i suppose they could've gone anywhere but they waited and so did we.SERVICE/MGMT:food came quickly after ordering (apprx 15 mins), friendly staff and very personable. the staff is attentive to the patrons. the server/manager(?) (laurent?) always checked in on us. the food preparers were lightening fast.MY EXPERIENCE:i ordered the chez maman basic burger cooked medium-well with cheddar and a side of frites. it's a simple concept burger but it was very delicious and tasty. the smell and the texture were great, the presentation was acceptable and did not take the spotlight from the food. the portion was just right. we walked away content after eating every last crumb on our plates. we didn't order any desserts because we were perfectly satiated.OVERALL FEELING:i will be going back to order more of the specialty items on the menu. as i looked around on the other plates, a lot of the patrons there got the les moules (the muscles) and the onion soup. the wait time to be seated is a little telling about the place... i think they're willing to wait for the food. i'm glad i did and i certainly would do it again. i'm a fan.MY RECOMMENDATION:simple.... GO!!
I know I'm kind of stingy with the stars. A place has to really rock my socks off to get all five. Consider those socks rocked. Chez Maman is a tiny place. There are 1 or 2 tables, everyone else sits at the bar, which is a fine place to sit and watch as they load up plates with amazing smelling food. The Roommate, my bestie and I perched on stools and started with the Baked camembert, toast points and baked garlic. I'm not sure which was better the hot, bubbling cheese, or the soft, spreadable cloves of garlic daubed onto the bread. Delightful with a glass of champagne. Next came our entrees. I dipped into a giant plate of Moules Poulette, mussels in a creamy wine sauce with chopped bacon, shallots and parsley, while my Bestie tore apart the lamb & vegetable kebabs. But the highest marks go to the Roommate's steak with the green peppercorn sauce. The meat was good but the pepper sauce was just unimaginably excellent-I could have easily lapped it all up by the spoonful.The wine list is quite good, and since we were all eating such different things the waiter really saved us with well informed pairings by the glass.Last but not least, a creme brulee. They have a seriously impressive blow torch behind the counter that they use to carmelize the sugar. No tiny cigarette lighter or quick run under the broiler. Perfect crackly crust, and just the right size to share.
I first heard of this place on Check Please, Bay Area, and I immediately wanted to go here for dinner. So when a friend suggested getting together for dinner recently on a Monday night, I thought of Chez Maman, especially because they were open on Monday night whereas many of the other restaurants we wanted to go to were not.This place is small - all the reviews and articles about this place say so, but until you are there it really doesn't sink in - it's a very small place. There's a long counter which seats maybe ten, then there's two tables in front inside which seat four more, and two additional tables outside for four more, so a total of 18. And they don't take reservations, so yes, you might have to put your name on the list and wait. Take a book, take your dancing shoes, but do go and do be prepared to wait, because you will be very happy you did.Fortunately , when we got there, two people at the end of the counter were just leaving, and there was no one ahead of us, so we grabbed their seats. It was cold and blustery outside, leaving the four seats outside empty - no one took sat there while we were eating dinner, although an adventurous (and warmly-dressed) soul might have taken that chance.While we were waiting, a group of four were doing handstands and other dance moves just outside, which was fun to look at. They did eventually get the two tables together in the front after maybe a thirty-minute wait.I went with a friend who does not eat hamburgers - the one thing many people rave about this place - but there were plenty of other choices on the menu. I got the mahi mahi, and my dining companion got the salmon. Both were excellent. Peter inquired about wine, and the waiter recommended a superb sauvignon, which matched the fish quite well. Bread service came first, and then the wine, and very quickly after that, we got dinner. Service was impeccable and understated. When we finished with a dish, it seemingly disappeared as if into thin air. Incredibly impressive.My fish was served on top of spinach, and both were very tasty. There was a corn relish on the outside of the plate, and it complimented the fish extremely well. I had a bite of Peter's salmon, which came with potatoes, and both were equally delicious. I am racking my brain trying to come up with new and unique words to praise this place, and am quickly running out of them!!After dinner, I had the chocolate mousse, which had peanuts on top of it - my only (very minor) quibble of the whole evening. The mousse would have been just fine without the peanuts - they didn't add anything to it - and I don't really care for them. My dining companion adds that the bathroom is in back of the kitchen, forcing you to squeeze through a narrow doorway into the kitchen and around the cooks before getting to your destination. He also mentioned that it is a tiny, narrow American diner, converted into a bistro.But all in all, an amazing meal. I will go back - they are open late - and I will bring a friend along. Well worth the price and the wait.
Come early as a party of 2 (maybe 3, tops) as this place is tiny. Add your name to the chalkboard and prepare to wait. However, it's worth it.To pass the time you can order a glass of wine while you stand outside, but if you're here for dinner bring a jacket as it can get cold quickly once the sun sets on Potrero Hill.This place is well priced for excellent French bistro food. Seated at the long wooden bar, or more intimately at one of two small tables by the window, you'll be in close quarters with the staff. An odd mix of French speaking waiters and Spanish speaking cooks in a flurry of constant activity is part of the experience.They have a short but appropriate wine and beer list (refreshing Kronenbourg larger on tap) with a few classic French additions like a Kir Royale.It's hard to go wrong on the menu. You'll have to decide what sort of meal you're up for... and how many courses.Salads - there are several, but for something different, slightly bitter and very fresh - try the endive, pear and Roquefort salad.The baked Camembert is hard to upset anyone and they also have several fresh French cheese selections too.Their burgers and panini's are on soft, lightly toasted french bread. For something different, go with a Croquet Madam.Their savory crepes are made with brown wholewheat batter. I would prefer an option here, but regardless they are well executed, thin in the Parisian style. The Complete is my favorite.You'd be happy with any of the mains - I think the Veal is the best and the mushroom sauce is incredibly good, but they know how to cook a steak perfectly too. For a French take on Shepherd's Pie, the Hachis Parmentier is not my first choice but it was good.(I have yet to try the mussels but need someone who can eat shellfish to go with! I'd guess the garlic and white wine les Moules are awesome).Dessert - you know you want banana and Nutella crepe. Do it.I've been here many times and will continue to come back. Five stars.
I really wanted to like this place since my dining partner brought me here, and I always feel bad when I don't like a place someone else brings me to, because you know they feel responsible for your dining experience. Anyway, this place is really small which I must say I'm usually not a fan of. It was so cramped here the server kept bumping into my chair because the only way to get out of the kitchen for him was to walk behind my chair through a tiny crack. Since it was so small you sit really close to the other patrons, which is fine of course, I'm not anti social or anything but you know if you're talking about something juicy and personal that they're going to be listening, even if they're not trying to. The server was pretty rude and cold. I felt like he was just shouting things at us and other customers. "WATER!!" "MORE BREAD?!!!" LIke, geez, tone it down a bit asshole and try smiling once in awhile. You'll get a bigger tip that way. That aside, I didn't think the food itself was too special. I was tempted to just get a burger, but thought since Im at a French restaurant, I should try something Frenchie...but nothing on the menu sounded really interesting and there wasn't a lot to choose from. So to hell with it, I ended up getting the veggie burger, which isn't even a burger at all. It was some ratatouille on bread (bad choice of bread because it got soggy FAST!) It was ok, the veggie "burger". It was just hard to eat cause the bread fell apart so fast, I ended up having to pick at it with my fork. Overall, I didn't really get wowed by this place, and that particular server definitely put me off.
Do yourself a favor and sit down at this little french kitchenette and order yourself a Kronenburg (french beer) with your Brie Burger. There's maybe 10 seats at the kitchen bar, and two little tables in this tiny but delicious hole in the wall. Any of the burgers will do, but if you're feeling like something lighter try the savory crepes or muscles in 4 different styles. You cannot go wrong here.Oh, and did I mention french onion soup? So good.
So the burger I had here was really really good - I added goat cheese to mine, bc frankly, everything is better with goat cheese on/in it.HOWEVER, I don't know that is worth with 45 minute wait. I mean maybe if you come ALONE - so you can quickly get a counter seat --- the place holds 14 people. NO groups of 4 or more, expect maybe the ONE table outside. I was there at 2pm on Sunday and my group was 3 people.The side salad and fries were great as well. It's pricy but the food is good. Not worth the wait though.....
The steak frites with pepper sauce, the lamb and merguez couscous, and the Tatin crpes were all excellent.
I want to love this place. Really. I've been here twice. It is cozy and the owner sweet as pie, but I find the homemade sausages too salty. Stupid me orders this twice. What do they say "Foold me once...?" The wine was nice.I would definitely go here again. Just no sausages!
CHEZ MAMAN CHEZ MAMAN!I LOVE HAMBURGERS OH YES I DOI LOVE HAMBURGERS FROM CHEZ MAMAN!!!I LOVE HAMBURGERS OH YES IT'S TRUEWHEN I EAT THEM I SAY "COME ON!ARE YOU KIDDING ME, HOW IS THIS SO GOOD?"IT TASTES LIKE CRACK IF CRACK WERE FOOD!CHEZ MAMAN CHEZ MAMAN!HOOORAY!!!(Note: To my knowledge, I do not have mental illness. I just really like hamburgers from Chez Maman.)
This is one of my favorite places to eat.It's tiny. Don't come here with more than three people. (And three's kind of pushing it). Everything on the menu is fabulous. The best thing in my opinion is the pork chop with brussel sprouts. I never order pork chops anywhere because I'm always disappointed by a dry, chewy piece of pork but the Chez Manan pork chop is tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned with Herbs de Provence. The bussels sprouts will turn any sprout hater into a sprout fanatic. The chop and sprouts are served on a bed of an apple cider sauce, yum! I crave that meal. And you cannot go wrong with a burger, again they are tender and juicy add a fried egg and who can resist?The server is this awesome french guy, I never remember his name, he's always super busy, but delivers.And the creme brulee is always tres delicous.Bottom Line: Eating here is WELL worth the wait.
SO GOOD! long wait and a bit expensive but oh so worth it. Best burger of my life. The escargot was delicious. My boyfriend got an amazing steak as well. Also love how they cook right infront of you always a great sign!
best burgers in town
So good. Cute, intimate, tasty and french. This place is great for a lunch visit with a friend and some yummy food. We shared the baked camembert, my friend had the burger and i had a prosciutto and brie panini. Delicious. Washed it down with belgian beers, good conversation and we were on our way. Definitely try the fries. Did I mention the great staff and good beer? I might have mentioned the beer.It's nice to venture away from my usual haunts and I was pleasantly surprised to discover that potrero has been hiding a tasty gem.I'm tossing around the gem word a lot lately.
I go to the one in the Marina (on Union) - they changed the name to Gamine though. I like this place because it's open late every night.I always order the frisee salad with a poached egg (3 stars), and I've tried the pastas, but the grilled fish is the best so far. Also, I can't complain about their crepes :) Plain nutella, but my bf swears by the nutella+banana combination.
Simple, delicious, home-cooked meals in a tiny "neighborhood-bistro" setting. I think there was room for about 10 people to be inside the whole entire place, but as luck would have it...there was room on a recent Sunday brunch a couple of weeks back.Sometimes the most fantastic things on a menu can be the basics. There was no way I was going to pass up the burger with a toasted roll, aioli and brie cheese. So far it is one of the best burgers I have had in the bay area...(even better than the new Flame Gourmet in Berkeley). This is one of those places you know you will return to because you will see something else you want to try that was ordered by another guest at the counter.Slightly cramped, certainly cozy and definitely unique...Chez Maman is a fantastic place to experience food the way it should be experienced more often.
I can't say it's the best burger in town but it's defiantly a contender. My favorite is their chicken burger. It is moist, light and filling. The aioli compliments the chicken and doesn't over power it. My boyfriend always gets the burger. For being as "basic" as it, is there is just something magical about a simple burger. It's just cooked right. No bells and whistles just plane ol' beefy goodness.
It's nice to find a place that can cook a perfect burger. One of the most important things about a burger is getting it at the doneness you want. Chez Maman accomplished this.Whenever my wife and I try a new place we tend to order way more than we can eat.I ordered the burger (medium rare) with Roquefort and Bacon. The burger was served with the perfect amount of pink. Throw on the additional sides and you have a masterpiece.My wife ordered the Croque madame, which was not your ordinary Panini. Throw on the egg and man o man it was amazing.Now here is where gluttony took over. We decided to order Crepe Savoyarde. This comes with bchamel sauce, tomato, proscuitto, and brie. This is a must order when we go back.To make matters worse... as we were trying to haul our butts back up the hill to our car, we were distracted by Baked. Oh boy.
Fresh ingredients were used in the burger. The burger was just ok. I tasted like they put fennel or sausage in the mix.  Minus some stars for using dirty plates. If you are going to have an open kitchen I would recommend rewashing dishes if you find food crumbs on it. Picking it off with your hand and plating new food on it is nasty.
Returned tonight with sis ~ she's been asking constantly since that first time. Found a parking spot in front again (luck 'o da Irish) and lots of table space (the two tables within by the window) at 5:10pm so we sat at one. Sis ordered the Hachis Parmentier, served in a small low soup bowl, with ground beef with pure de pommes de terre ($14) while I settled for the Fettucini with mushrooms and thick creamy white wine sauce ($12). Sis liked hers so much she ate it right away and ALL of it!!! She tried a bit of my fettucini also and liked it too. As the boss Arnie says: We'll be back......
I would never have noticed this restaurant unless I yelped it. Came here the other night as we were craving French Onion Soup. We waited for about 15 minutes and were lucky enough to get a table seat. This place is really small, but the food is scrumptious and definitely worth the wait! We were seated immediately when there was an opening. This place probably seats about 15 people. It's nice and cozy inside. French Onion Soup - We both ordered our own. This soup came out piping hot and was very rich and flavorful. The cheese was gooey and was melted over the bowl. In the middle was the soaked up bread.....mmmm... incredible!! I wasn't sure what to order but our host recommended the burger. I ordered the Basic burger medium with Brie and frites. My friend ordered the basic burger medium with Cheddar and frites. The burger was grilled to perfection, very tasty and huge. They also served a dipping sauce which was the garlic aioli. I couldn't stop dipping my frites in the aioli sauce. My friend just stuck with the ketchup. I definitely will be back!
They are remodeling from 7/6-7/8 open on 7/9. I went by for a hamburger and found out it was closed for 3 days.
A significant wait, but what a great dinner! We tried the basic burger with brie, and a crepe savoyarde with prosciutto. Both were incredible. Although the best surprise was the dessert: the pain perdu we shared was easily among the best, if not THE best, that I've ever had. A nice selection of wines and alcoholic dessert drinks as well.I look forward to going back many times.
The best things in the world come in small packages and Chez Maman is no exception. The place is tiny! But, oh, the food is sooo good. Every single ingredient seems to have been chose with the utmost care. From the lettuce on the side salad to the alioli on the burger and the little tomatoes that don't deserve to be called garnish. The bun was soft and buttery, the patty cooked medium rare and with the exact combination of herbs and spices to make it the best burger I've ever had. The owner (we think) behind the counter supervises everything and still has time to make sure everything is ok. We went there on a Wednesday afternoon and the place was packed. We sat at the bar and I would have totally ordered a glass of wine if we didn't have to keep running errands. But the ice tea was like everything else, amazing. Can't wait to go back!
A burger in a French restaurant - has the world gone mad??Maybe, but this is one hell of a good burger. Really good quality meat, well cooked, excellent roll, nice brie on it, honestly, I'm struggling to remember when I've had better. The fries that accompanied it were great as well, nice and dry and well seasoned.Had a great salad to start with as well.They've got a decent selection of beer and wine as well.What really made the visit though was the manager. A really friendly chap from the south of France. He was as entertaining as he was helpful.
I LOVE CHEZ MAMAN! Amazing food and it never lets me down. The french waiter that I've always had everytime I was there always has a revolving french accent just like his attitude. Nice one day, smug the other day. The wait may be Long so hurry and put your nameOn the chalk board. Get the melted pesto and goat cheese plate.
Their french onion soup is amazing, it might actually be the best one I've ever had! I know, I know, I should say such things lightly. However, I have a thing for french onion soup and try to order it any chance I get. Theirs was perfectly balanced in flavor without being too salty and the cheese was great. Also, there is just something special about the atmosphere in this tiny place at night. Makes me forget I'm just down the street from my apartment. Next time, maybe I'll give those mussels a shot.
We stumbled upon this awesome find by hooking a wrong exit on 280 N.... man are we glad we hooked the wrong exit now!!!! ^_^we ordered a warm goat cheese arugula salad, a veggie crepe and a veggie panini..........I can't express in words, how fresh and health all of that was.... we felt satisfied and still had space to order a dessert crepe.... banana nutella, that too was very yummmy!!!!!!!Note:-------It's a small hole-in-the-wall kinda place, so if you're party of more than 4, its going to be very very hard to get seated soon.... coz most of their seating (which i think is about 10) is at the bar, they have two additional table which can sit 2 by the window, but they are more like bar stools (high tables) and finally they do have 2 tables outside, but i'd recommend against it, since the slope kinda makes it a tad uncomfortable......anyhoo..... said everything, I highly recommend this place!!!!chez-maman I am coming back........
I ordered a mixte salad with goat cheese, arugula, and egg, and fries. The salad was really good but it's definitely not very hearty and a little heavy on dressing. I would order it as an accompaniment with something else. It's a very small, cute french style cafe that is good for breakfast and brunch. The service is a bit iffy, with the guy not even seating us and just looking at us, I asked if we could sit and he said, "Sure!" ???
Ambiance:I went there on a weekday for lunch around 12pm. There was no wait at all. They had bar top seating and 2 mini window seating tables. Definitely a cute date place. It's a tiny place but very clean inside. I felt very welcomed by the french accented chef who served us. He was very attentive and made sure my water glass was full. Order:CHEZ MAMAN Basic burger with Brie and salad. Ohhh my god it was sooo good! Home made meat patty cooked medium, sauteed onions, bread was so soft, marinated tomatoes with dressed greens to put on the burger, and the unforgettable juicy melting brie made the burger sooo Yum! Everything tasted so fresh! By far, the best burger I've ever had! It was the perfect portion for me, I felt full and happy.Set back:I really had to squeeze into my corner table with my friend. Its not a place to bring a huge party to. Next on my list is either the chicken pesto sandwich or the ham quesadilla!
Highly recommend the "Veggie burger" it's actually their ratatouille mixed with egg and they add your choice of cheese.I saw someone getting their muscles and French fries even though the moules frites is not on their menu. Anyhow, I plan to get that next time.It's homey (aka SMALL), but enjoyable.
BYOB - Build your own burger. I'd add goat cheese or an egg if I started with the endive salad with goat cheese and pancetta. Sit at the counter in front of the long and narrow kitchen, except not directly in front of the grill because it gets too hot and order a Kronenbourg 1664. Finish off the meal with a delish dessert crepe and you have a solid meal. You also can't go wrong with the NY strip steak with peppercorn sauce and frites with that aoili dipping sauce. If I remember correctly they do a pretty good quesadilla too.When I lived in this hood and on nights when I ate at other nabe spots on 18th I'd stop by to pick up a dessert crepe to go. Chez Magnifique!
What did we order?1 Les Moules Poulette1 French Fries with Aioli1 Croque MadameHow was the taste on a scale of 1 through 5?4How was the service on a sclae of 1 through 5?3Did we feel it was worth the price?YesWill we visit Chez Maman in the future?Yes
A cute little mom and pop place with good service and better yet, good food!The first time I went here, I tried their Basic Burger and it was DELICIOUS!! We forgot to order cheese with it, but the meat patty itself was already so juicy that we didn't even need it. It rated top for burgers for me.Second time I came around, I was hoping that the burger would live up to my memories...and IT DID! Shared their eggs benedict with a friend too. It was alright, nothing special. Their sauce is on the sour/bitter side which I didn't fancy. But all in all, I would keep coming back just for the burgers. Our server was pretty cool too, super nice!
The seafood and several appetizers rock, though the escargot was too heavy on the garlic. I can't believe I'm saying such a thing! I didn't think it was possible! I love escargot and was thrilled to find it on the menu - disappointed (but hardly appalled), by the first bite. The chocolate mousse is bland. Skip it. I can only describe the service as strange. I had the waiter on top of me for most of my meal, but had to wait a good 15 minutes for my beverage, and he had an odd habit of quietly bringing our plates and dashing off for 5 minutes or longer before we could ask for anything else. Still, over all, a lovely little eatery at a goood price; perfect for al fresco dining (without great expectations), on a warm Potrero Hill evening.
It's 10pm in San Francisco and we still haven't eaten dinner. Why? Well, that's another story....So anyways, I and my newly proclaimed Unlucky Charm find ourselves hungry in Potrero Hill (really more like a starving-and-about-to-die state for Unlucky C. and why named Unlucky is also another story). Thanks to Yelp, we are able to find sustenance at such a late hour. A two-dollar sign French restaurant nearby with four and a half stars open until 11pm? "Inconceivable!", I nearly thought (but I have also admittedly lived a rather sheltered life in many ways and also might not have set foot in this part of town before). Many other thoughts flashed through my head: "What other wonders are there here?" "Potrero Hill might actually be cool to live in?" "Would I really live here?" "Potrero Hill vs SOMA vs Mission: Fight!"Ahem. Back to our urban hunting and gathering quest... We find Chez Maman among a block or two of other eating establishments and shops. Did we just pass by a chez-something French restaurant? Oh, not the same one. Wait, there are two French restaurants on the same street? Upon entering Chez Maman, I thought, "Holy Cow, this place is small. I don't think I've ever squeezed into such a tiny shop (thank goodness I'm small). Is it a bar? Is it a cafe?" It's a bar with two tables, with two seats each (there are tables outside too). And the tables get taken by people in front of us. Fortunately, seats open up at the bar as a group leaves. Thank goodness, because I don't know how much longer Unlucky can stay alive. HP points are very low. Unlucky's power is also non-effective. The restroom is through the kitchen, way in the back.I scan the menu. From panini, croque monsieurs, crepes, burgers, and pasta to salmon, steak, and even escargot. (Best Burger 2010? Really? Is it a French burger?) I'm impressed by the swiss army knife selection of French food at this bistro. Les moules... les moules... this term looks so very familiar but my brain is searching... searching... (you can see the animated magnifying glass cursor while my brain's scan of memory banks is in progress). No results returned. Our server comes to the rescue. Oh yeah, mussels! I had those last in Honfleur, a small fishing village in France and at Monk's Kettle in the Mission (excuse my flagrant place-name-dropping). Haven't been disappointed yet with a steamy pot piled with delicious morsels of musselness in broth. Unlucky orders the classic garlic and white wine one while I go with the Thai version using lemon grass, cilantro and coconut milk. How does it taste? omgit'ssogood! Possibly best one I've had so far in my life. My ravenous attack on the mussels (or really, it's my lack of mussel eating skills) lands me with a chest splatter of hot mussel juice. Oopsie. Hee hee. Our salty and crispy fries with aioli, as recommended on the menu, goes incredibly well with the mussels. A mixed salad balanced out the richness of the mussels and also our mental health food scale (you know, the one where you eat something healthy to balance the guilt from eating something unhealthy like a chocolate covered fried chicken waffle sandwich). My coconut milk broth is so delicious that I drink it like soup and soak it up with table bread.Stuffed, we decline dessert and stumble out into the night holding our bellies. ohi'msofull.What I didn't like about this place: The bread in the basket sucks.The order:-Les Moules (mussels), Thai: lemon grass, garlic, cilantro, chili & coconut milk-Les Moules (mussels), Mariniere: garlic, white wine, lemon juice & parsley-French fries with aioli-Mix salad with goat cheese, tomatoes, egg, pistou , balsamic vinaigrette
A truly reliable, neighborhood staple.Chez Maman will always come through for a burger, or a crepe, or a tasty salad, served up with character and a tall beer.
we went last night, and only waited about 15 minutes for four seats at the counter. Really hot (only down side for us), but great to watch the cooking right there (closer to any restaurant I've ever been to). The guys are great, well organized, you can see the technique and teamwork.We started with the camembert with roasted garlic. Wow!!! the garlic was sweet, not a bit of sharpness, and mixed in with the cheese, and dipped with either the toast or the smallish baquette, it was a perfect appetizer.We could see the burgers were going to be good, but we went with porkchops (a nice, fairly thick one, not double, more 1.5). and grilled just right. What was unusual, is the brussel sprouts, nice and al dente, and again, not mushy and brussely. Perfect. One onion soup: very very rich, a little salty, but it's because it reduced down.... very tasty stock and onion, with a ton of cheese on three croutons. So you can see, if it had just a little more space, but for the price, and for the entertainment value, and the ease of parking.. five stars!
Came here last Saturday night with 2 friends. We'd been wanting to try this place for awhile, since we have had good experiences at the sister restaurants (Chez Papa and Chez Papa Bistrot) before. Upon arriving, we quickly realized that it is hard to come to Chez Maman with more than 1 other person! This place probably seats 15 people. There are 2 2-person tables and a bar with seats. We squeezed into a 2 person table and then took over both tables when the people next to us left. We started with the french onion soup, the garlic and the baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points. Both were delicious! Chez Maman made me remember how delicious french onion soup can be! Definitely order this! The baked camembert was awesome as well. It came with a whole roasted garlic, and we got to pick out the roasted cloves to spread over the toast with little forks. Fun AND delicious!For entrees, between us, we had the salmon panini, the chicken panini (me) and the grilled mahi mahi. I thought my chicken pesto sandwich was just ok. Nothing special. Nobody really raved about their meal selections either. But after reading everyone else's reviews, it appears we should have gotten the burgers. Drats!We ended the meal with the creme brulee. I love creme brulee, and Chez Maman's did not disappoint. Would I come back? Possibly, if I wanted a hamburger or if I wanted to share dessert after dinner. Maybe for lunch. Probably not again for a dinner sandwich.
Very small restaurant. Owner is very nice. There is always a bit of a wait but not too long. Came for lunch and ordered the salmon burger and shared a french onion soup. Delicious!
I'm a burger guy.If I'm not craving sushi, I'm most likely indulging in a burger. So when I heard that one of SF's finest burgers was in Potrero Hill I made the march through the hills to land in their neat and narrow venue.It's a classic sun filled space, with a long bar that lines the entire restaurant. We were able to find 2 great spots at the end of the line and parked ourselves comfortably.Our server was full of life, energetic and had a great charisma to him. We quickly put our orders in for the burger and it was neat to watch them grill it up right in front of us. The layer of brie cheese coated our seasoned patty and it was stuffed not into a bun but a crusty roll with a delicious aioli. Sauteed onions and salad came on the plate and the first bite was magnificent.It's a light burger, and while I prefer a more hearty burger, it was still full of flavor and had a unique richness.The true winner of the dish? The fries... These sticks of starch were deep friend in a heavenly bath that would make any southerner sing karaoke. Sober...This is a wonderful spot, and while I wouldn't put it in my top 5 list of best burgers in the city, I'd throw it up there in the top 10.
Chez Maman is a fourteen seat diner/cafe. Most of the seating is at the counter, directly in front of the cooks.  You get to see all of the action, but proximity to the food preparation brings heat. The owner (?)/server behind the counter will take good care of you. He kindly warned me against over ordering.  The food is good, perhaps surprisingly so for a place so small, although I would not consider it a destination. Endive salad with roquefort cheese and walnuts was large, fresh, and quite tasty.  Likewise, mussels mariniere, a heaping bowl of clean tasting mussels in a wine based broth.Veal with mushrooms was nice, tender, a bit bland and was sided by some grilled fresh carrots and zucchini.
Unlike many Americans, I'm not so devoted to the burger and fries as the country's "national food." I hardly eat them. I never crave them. But when I do have them, they never come out of a window. A burger, as I see it, is like a treat. It is to be savored, slowly- because it's contents should be so fresh, so unique, and so hearty that shoving it all down your throat in three bites would feel like a sin. That's the kind of burger I'm into. And that's the kind of burger Chez Maman has. The meat was cooked medium-rare, more on the rare side just as I'd asked. The brie was excellent, creamy and mostly melted, but not too creamy that it lost its texture. The garlic aioli perfectly accompanied the fresh produce between my "buns" and, very importantly, the burgers can come "European style" with a sunny side up egg smashed in the middle so the yoke oozes out with each bite! (perfect for dipping those awesome garlic fries in). I also ordered a side of vegetables, as I always want my greens! They give you a hearty serving, lightly tossed in olive oil and herbs. Magnifique. Its a great place for meeting a friend for lunch mid-week. Though tiny tiny tiny, it's cozy and lit beautifully by natural light. The owner- who has a sort of rugged compassion about him- looked proud in his spot behind the bar, overlooking with a knowingness that his patrons were loving their meals.Well, he should be proud. Because if there WERE a burger that was the calling card of our "national food", it would have come from a Frenchman!
Cute, quaint place to eat with one or a couple of friends/bf/gf! Food was delicious and service was nice. The tuna panini was awesome as well as the crepes. The french fries and creme brulee also hit the spot too. Next time, will try the burger b/c the man next to me was really enjoying his blue cheese burger :)BF and I are happy with this place...will come back for some French goodies.
When we lived in Potrero Hill this was our go to spot for weekly take out. We would eat there from time to time as well but there's usually a wait for dinner so it was easier to get it to go. We prefer to go during lunch on the weekends when it's less crowded. This place is super tiny! I love watching them cook as you sit right in front of the tiny kitchen. I'm amazed how these cooks can maneuver through this small of space and crank out food so quickly. My favorite item on the menu is the basic burger with Brie. The aioli sauce and fries are to die for. We no longer live in sf but I often daydream about the burger and fries from Chez Maman. One of the spots I must hit up when we go back for a visit.
Oooh what perfect French bistro food!A great spot for lunch. I love the mussels with a side of fries (done skinny, crisply fried, and sprinkled with salt and parsley - yum yummy) for lunch. I didn't try the crepes but did get to watch them get made, looked pretty authentic to me. Burgers also looked fantastic - served on ciabatta bread with a nice side salad.It doesn't look like much a bistro. Only two small tables that seat two. Mostly bar side seating. I know, not very French. But not very crowded during Friday lunch, which was good since we had 6 ppl.But the manager is French so be sure to say "bonjour" and "merci, au revoir"!NB: They do take credit card.
Best French onion soup I've ever had! I could come here everyday just for the soup alone. Also, amazing burgers!
Best burger I ever had! No joke. The place is a little small and the wait time for a table can be long but it is so worth it. The staff are really great.
We came here for lunch today and sat at the counter. We were famished and happy we didn't have to wait for seating.  The beers we had were awesome, Kronenberg for me-light and refreshing, Grimbergen for the hubby which he enjoyed as well.I had the salmon burger and it was excellent-the garlic ailoi is a great touch.  The bread is a perfect complement but the salmon was quite thin. The hubby had the basic burger with brie and he thought it was excellent. We had a great meal and look forward to returning very soon.
Neighborhood gems are the best. And this one is definitely supported by the locals. The place got held up several months ago. We passed by the night afterward - and the place was packed with a line out the door. Now that's supporting your local businesses!So...finally got to try the food. It was a weeknight, we waited about 10 minutes for a seat at the bar. The server was super friendly with a heavy French accent.I wanted to try everything, but I know this place is known for it's burgers, so that's what we ordered. We watched as all of the mouthwatering food passed us - everything looked great. Our burgers - were good. Really good. Not the best burger I ever had, but definitely in the top 10. And the fries...were in the top 5.I can't wait to go back to try the steak frites and the beef stroganoff-looking thing that we saw.
Why after 8 years of living in San Francisco have I never been to this little gem of a restaurant before?! Since I just moved to my new apartment in the SOMA, I decided to try something new and different rather than going to my usual hot spots. My friends and I smelled the burgers coming out of this little place and immediately signed up on the waiting list. The wait staff here is so friendly - they immediately offered us the wine/beer list so that we could sip on something while we waited for our seats! That's what I call great customer service. When we finally got to our seats we all ordered the same thing - the burgers & fries! I have never tasted such an amazing combo of bread, meat, cheese, and sauce! SOOOO TENDER! SOO TASTY! We all literally were licking the plates by the end of the evening. Let's just say we're all coming back here very soon.
Mmm mmm mmmm. Honestly, I'm not sure what was more yummy: the food or my waiter! I had a crepe with bchamel, tomatoes, proscuitto and brie - a heavenly combination if I do say so myself. I also tried the french onion soup, which is quite possibly the best french onion soup I've ever had. My boyfriend got something which he said was really tasty but I was too busy drooling over the attractive male waitstaff to really notice exactly what he was eating. Oops. The only downside to this cozy little restaurant is the fact that it's, well, COZY! The seating is extremely limited so don't come here for brunch and be surprised to find yourself waiting more than 30 minutes for a table. Also, I'd really discourage anyone from coming here with a large party. It's better suited for parties of 2. Can't wait to return!
What a romantic, cozy and delightful experience.Restaurants are about the food, sure, but they're also a place to enjoy an experience that you wouldn't normally have at home.Chez Maman was so comfortable, so romantic, and so entertaining (eating at the bar, you see every dish being skillfully prepared), that I can't wait to go back.Meal:- French onion soup. Satisfying, not too cheesy. Salty because that's the way French onion soup should be (for your bread!)- Organic greens salad. A nice counterbalance to an otherwise rich meal.- Burger with brie and frites. Really well grilled burger, spicy garlicky aoili, and a panini-type 'bun' made this burger better than most.- Chicken burger/sandwich and frites. Chicken sandwich was decent, not too amazing, but then again it's a very simple dish (should have gotten 2 regular burgers).The food was good, the ambiance was GREAT. Perfect place for an after-hike, after-bike, dinner date (or maybe I'm just partial :)
I really think this is a fine restaurant. I don't know why tho. I just never come away with that "Wow!" feeling. Not to say I wouldn't recommend it. I do. Just no "rocket's red glare." Nothing like what happened to Bobby when he had his first kiss on the Brady Bunch!!!
Love this place! Delicious french food in a diner format. Reasonable prices only add to the allure. This place makes me want to live in the neighborhood so I could go there more often. I've never had a bad dish there. Great french food doesn't have to cost an arm and a leg...
I've been to Chez Maman several times but only just now had their burger. I was told to get it with brie, and I didn't argue. They're the experts, right? The basic burger came out on a toasted roll dressed with aioli (with the brie) accompanied with those teeny French french fries with an ailoi dipping sauce. Fagehtaboutit! One of the best burgers I've had in SF. Kudos too for their small selection of French and Belgian beers. Also,since the place is the size of a shoebox, you get a front row view of the chefs in action. I've always enjoyed their crepes, but it's burgers from now on baby!
French onion soup...manifique!  I shall return to try some of the other delicacies I glanced at per the menu and update my review further...off to a fabulous start thus far though. :)!
Can we say Yum??? As soon as you walk in and have a seat at the counter, you can feel the warmth of the hot burners (which is a good thing) considering how cold and windy it was outside. So just a quick list of what my hubby and I ordered: 1) Mussels w/ garlic- mussels didn't taste all that fresh but the broth was amazing. 2) Basic burger w/ brie & fried egg- yummy! the bread it was on was soft and tasty. Loved that the garlic aioli is the spread. 3) Basic burger w/ cheddar & fried egg (hubby)- He said it was the best burger he's ever had. Did I mention he's a burger fanatic so he knows good burgers. He says he will never be able to eat a burger from just anywhere anymore . 4) Crepe Suzette- wasn't too happy about it. We still tasted the full flavor of the alcohol after the fire went out. (for those who don't know, alcohol is set on fire then poured onto the crepe). Definitely is a go to spot even though the crepe was a fail.
My favorite SF restaurant, bar none. Nothing I can say that haven't been said already.
Definitely one of the best place for a burger or panini. I don't know about the salad though. But after hearing about this and seeing each month as another fellow followed yelper is reviewing it, I've made it one of the top lunch spots I had to go on my bookmark. Alas, I did. With the company of my spoiled one, coworker, and Christina L, we took in the experience of a nice French'sh lunch meal. Although the place was a lot smaller than I had imagined, it was indeed cozy and nice to eat at. The outside table and chairs, IMO, is probably not the best idea because of the slant and it's just ideal to be holding yourself up while trying to enjoy a meal. Note to self: indoors only.So we tried the burgers of course, since everyone is raving and indeed it is cooked to your liking and it definitely has more flavor and ingredients as other places may lack. The great thing is the ciabatta bun which holds in the meat very nicely and the tomato, salad greens, and grilled onions were a great compliment. The small cut fries were awesome. The crunchiness and simple flavor reminded us of Cigar Bar in the FiDi. I added an egg and goat cheese in mine since they just have a basic burger, salmon, chicken, and something else. Defintely mix and match and see what you can create out of it, because I definitely enjoyed mine with the egg yolk drizzling over the fries.
First start off by saying this place is REALLY REALLY small. When my friend and I walked in we were surprised. There were only two very small tables that seat two each and the bar area and two tables outside.The food was decent too. I ordered the chicken crepe that was basically just a brown skinned (maybe it was wheat?) crepe filled with chicken in this "mustard" sauce. It was okay tasting, pretty heavy and super creamy. My friend got the chicken sausage omelette, which was basically an egg with cheese inside with tomatoes, and ONE PIECE of chicken sausage on the outside. Nothing too special at all. We also got a side of the alioli fries. Also nothing to special. I would say overall the food and service was OKAY but nothing to rave about. Not a place I would consider wanting to go back to over and over again.
I came here with a friend as a last hurrah before leaving san Francisco, I had heard such great things that I added to my must-eat-before-leaving-SF-list. When we walked in we stood awkwardly for about a minute before the waiter callously told us to sit down at the bar. The busboys brought us water and menus but it took 10 minutes before the waiter asked for our order. I normally like to give people the benefit of the doubt, but this guy really did a poor job.The food however did not disappoint, we watched them prepare it from our seats. The Camembert with roasted garlic and toast points was phenomenal. However having a rather light wallet I chose a more economical option for the main course, the Brie and prosciutto panini, which was everything I could have hoped for. Despite the bad service I would definitely return with renewed expectations, and hopefully the opportunity to try some of their more gourmet entrees.
This was my first dinner in San Francisco - I had just moved from Paris. I love French food, and these dishes are the best of California-inspired, French provencial. The escargot is solid, but not the point. The real wins are the unpretentious hybrids like the burger, and the chef behind the counter who serves them.
Fantastic little restaurant if you're in the area - great casual french food to eat at with a friend or two. The place is pretty small (ie: a bar and either 2 tables for 2 or a table for 4), and fills up fast for dinner time.Excellent French Onion soup. The top is nicely baked on and comes out fabulously crusted with Gruyere. Yum!! Rest of the fair includes sandwiches, crepes, burgers and a few misc entrees. Great beer and wine list featuring a lot of imported choices! Food might take awhile to come, but they put their effort into making the dishes come out right.Croque Monsieur was nicely toasted with a small dollep of melted cheese ontop. Not too bad, great thick toast but would have prefered the bread a little bit more buttered or cheezy. Panini came out in a nice heart shape for the wifey that made her giggle.
A very cute bistro in Potrero Hill. The place is very small, most of the time only bar seats are available. However when we sat at the bar, we got to see as the food got prepared, its like a chef's table! The service was good too.The food were excellent. We tried the Grilled Mahi Mahi and the French staple-steak and frites. Both were very yummy. For dessert we ordered the classic banana and nutella crepe, nothing special but well-made.The price is comparable in SF and for French food, I guess. I would come back to try the other items on the menu.
excellent burger! added a fried egg! love the authentic french food and the owner (i think) was friendly. he has an intimidating demeanor but he provided great service. will definitely be back to try other dishes!
very nice place, with soft lights and quite nice music. owner a bit invasive, but still.i had a very good fish burger, which means a thick piece of salmon inside bread with mayonaise and lettuce. all served with fried chips and french sauce. as dessert i had crepes with banana and nutella. it was so good, but nutella doesn't taste like real nutella... probably they cooked too much. but anyway, it was a delicious way to end the dinner.desserts a bit expensive, but the rest of menu is ok.i suggest you this place. definitely.
This places was wonderfully delicious. Its a tad bit small, there is two tables inside that fits about 2 person each and a couple of tables outside, but all the other seats were on the counter type. And you can watch the people cook your meals in front. So its probably not recommended if you have a group of more than 4 people. 2 is a good number to go. The food was veryy delicious. I had the Baked Camembert to start, it was pretty much baked brie cheese w/bread and garlic. Then we ate croquer monsieur (sp?) aside from the raw egg on top (since i can't eat raw food) i just gave it to my bf, but it was pretty good, there is LOTS of Parmesan cheese in it which i LOVEEE since i love cheese. And I also had some fries w/aioli sauce which was delicious as well. The meal was great and very fulfilling. Plus the French guy back there was nice to us, even though I couldn't understand him since my bf was speaking French to him. But overall, fantastic food!
Love me some Chez Maman. When I crave a burger and fries this is the first place I think of. Crisp, delicate fries with tangy garlic aioli for dipping. A burger perfectly grilled to your liking with your cheese molten (if you're a cheese enthusiast). And the most fabulous grilled onions automatically come on the side. What's more is that the servers and cooks are fast, friendly and always remember you. This is a real neighborhood joint. Other highlights include:Baked camembert with roasted garlic Mixed berry crepe with creme fraicheOne word of caution: The only thing that is not so hot at this place is the creme brulee. It's kinda disappointing, especially because I love everything else about this place.
I saw the yelp reviews and wanted to try this place out. I didn't read the yelp reviews too carefully so I really didnt know what to order. My friend and I ended up both ordering mussels with different sauces. it tasted great but add i known it was just going to be literally a pot of mussels we would have probably gotten more of a variety.the place is somewhat small and cozy. the waiter there is awesome, very friendly and a super cool french accent. i only wish they had a english translation for all the items on the menu. maybe its my fault for being a lowbrow american.we also got the caramelized apple crepe, which was super good. the waiter even pressured my friend to finish the last bite, which i found very funny haha. i really enjoyed the mood at this place and would definitely come back, but maybe try the burger next time as it seems to get rave reviews.
SMALL place, but the food is fantastic. Read reviews about the burgers. It's all true. Hubby had the Roquefort burger - OMG. It is so good. So rich. Definitely an occasional treat - but my goodness. It truly was one of the best burgers we've ever had.I had the Croque Madame. Hot pressed sandwich with cheese, ham, and an egg on top. So good! Also very rich.Yummy latte to wash it all down.Service was quick and 'on it.' It's nice when you're greeted and treated with smiles through your meal. We'll definitely be back to this neighborhood gem.
Delicious burgers!They use french bread and a garlic spread for their burgers. Not your typical American burger. But it is so yum!Definitely worth a try if you're in the Potrero Hill area.
I love this place... It's a top 10 San Francisco favorite of mine.... Try the Pork Chop and Brussels sprouts.., yea really! Really..Back again, next day.... That goodOk, unreal great!
Ok, really...I am in love with this place. everyone who works there is super friendly and fun, the food...pretty damned amazing. The atmosphere is really fun too...you just can't be a nitpicky person who hates to wait, otherwise you'll likely hate the place. But if you have patience, and want some seriously good grub - then you really should try out Chez Maman. The 1st go around I had a burger with (I think) roqueforte and bacon, which was perfect. This go around had a more comprehensive meal..Baked Camembert w/ toast points and roasted garlic cloves? SOOOOOO GOOD!Baked Goat Cheese w/ cioppolini onions and arugula? NOM!The flat iron steak w/ pomme fritte & green peppercorn sauce? Seriously - PERFECTION!!! and for dessert, Crepe w/ berries & creme fraiche - which was positively sublime.For the combination of atmosphere, food and overall vibe, I personally find Chez Maman to be top notch, and plan on frequenting it as much as I can....Bon Apetit!
We went here sort of randomly while in town and ended up being shocked at how amazing the food was. The place is super small so you'll wait a bit for a seat but its more than worth it. If you sit at the bar you see everything come out as its cook from the kitchen and it all looks amazing. We ordered medium rare burgers and it was perfect.
My boyfriend and I indulged in post-marathon* burgers here yesterday. I had mine with the brie which was delicious but his with bacon and goat cheese was something extra special - I'm definitely going back for that. *I should point out that I didn't actually run the marathon but the stress of waiting for my boyfriend to cross the finish line really took it out of me!
Burgers...delicious, tasty burgers. Honestly, I am not sure what else is on the menu. I love, love, love the burgers here. I always get the burger with mushrooms, brie, and bacon. Classic heart attack that is well worth it if it really happened. The last time I had the burger,I ordered mine with brie and my friend got swiss. My burger had the swiss and she got my brie! My brie!!! I didn't want to make a big stink over it so I ate it. Mistake. It's just not the same. Once you go brie, you never go back.
This restaurant was fantastic. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. OMG, the food. It was outstanding. The Mac and cheese was so creamy and the sauce on the veal kept my mouth watering. Would go back here anytime. There might be a little wait since the place is intimate but very worth it. I will be back again and a again. Viva la France!!!!!
Amazing food all over the menu. I use to get burger with brie, amazing. Then I started having the fetticini with creamy mushroom, amazing. And most recently the carbanara, amazing. We always have the roasted garlic w baked camenbert cheese (amazing) to start and today we added the Thai muscles and fries (amazing). The food always puts me in the best mood. One of my all time favorite places to eat.
Tiny restaurant. Excellent service. Healthy portions. Tasty food.Get there early so you can get a seat. Wouldn't go there with a party over 4. Perfect for flying solo or on a semi-casual date.
To recreate my Chez Maman experience:Step 1: Write your name on the chalk board outside and when they're ready, they'll seat you in 1 of 15 seats (literally, in the entire restaurant... it's small!) Step 2: Settle in one of the seats at the bar, and you'll get to see all the action go down right in front of your eyes. Step 3: Order a bottle of wine. In our case, a delicious bottle of Argentinian Malbec. Step 4: Order the baked camembert appetizer, and ask for extra bread because you'll want to get every last bit of that deliciously melted cheese. Do not be shy about digging for the roasted garlic to spread. Your date will forgive you (and your awesome breath) because it tastes amazing. Step 5: Order the mahi-mahi, flat iron steak, or pork chop. I got to try all three and they were all good, but the pork chop's probably the winner. And I don't even like pork! Hats off to the apple cider mustard sauce. Mahi-mahi was my entree of choice but I found it a little bit over-cooked. Was still good but nothing particularly memorable. Same with the steak, good but nothing too special. VERY generous portion of frites, though. Overall, a nice neighborhood joint but not sure it's quite a destination in itself. I found the service a bit cold, but maybe that's just because I'm not a regular (and it seems like most of the patrons were). I would love to come back sometime and try the crepes, though!
Very small, you have to be prepared to eat here -- 2 people is best. But the food is awesome! Sooo tasty and a fun atmosphere given it is almost literally a hole in the wall. I miss this place quite a bit!
This restaurant is a rare gem. Their goats cheese burger and their french onion soup are always good choices :-)Decent Eggs Benedict for breakfast or brunch as well :-)
Such an amazing place, I don't go there often enough but everytime I stop by I'm reminded how authentic this is! I just asked for a Croque Madame to go, and within 5 minutes I had the best tasting croque you'll find in the entire bay area :-)Next time I'll have a crepe, I hope it'll be as good as I remember!
I dined on the Salmon crepe, my gf had the Thai style mussels and we shared the pomme frites with aioli. Have to ask for extra aioli! Cute, LITTLE spot. It gets crowded and there can be a wait, especially at dinner. Everything was delicious!
YUM! My boyfriend and I finally go around to trying Chez Maman. A co-worker of his raved that it was the best burger he ever had so we had to check it out for ourselves.I ordered a burger with brie, avocado and a fried egg. It was a good burger. i don't know if I could say it was the best burger ever, but it was tasty.My boyfriend got the croque madame and that was to die for!!! It was SOOOOOO good.We decided to try the creme brulee for dessert but we should have stopped with dinner. The creme brulee was super thick and dense, not light. There were so many other things on the menu I wanted to try but they will have to wait for my next visit. It's a small place with just a couple tables and a bar for seating. The service is great and it's neat to watch your food being cooked. Overall delicious, just not really a dessert kind of place.
This was one of my worst dining experiences I have encountered in the city. Excited to celebrate New Year's Day with my family- 4 of us attempted to have lunch today... But it was so bad that we had to leave. We walked into the restaurant around 1pm, and after standing for a few minutes without being greeted, the waiter pointed outside for us to sit. We sat on the front patio table for 10 minutes without anyone coming outside to bring us a menu or offer us water. Still eager to try this restaurant that had come highly recommended, someone from our party walked inside to ask for menus. The same French middle-aged server who had barely greeted us acted like we were completely burdening him and begrudgingly gave us. Almost 10 minutes had passed as we read the menus and decided what to order, but not a single person had come outside to greet us/ take our orders. As an employee from the kitchen walked back inside, we politely asked if he could send someone out to take our order. Please note that 20 minutes had now passed and we still had yet to see a server/ order drinks/ order food, when the same rude server walked out and rudely said "what do you want, I see that you're in some big rush"... Without hesitation, this behavior was unacceptable to all of us, and we decided to end our dining experience. This server was unbelievably rude, and although we don't mind waiting a few minutes, his poor attitude and lack of costumer service is simply unacceptable. I will not be returning, nor will I encourage any friends to return.
Good food. Funny waiter. Good food. Not-so funny other waiter. Good food.Did I mention the food is really yummy?!? My girlfriend and I argue over who the waiter is flirting with more. Her or me. Pfft. Me obviously.Anyway, luckily I live right near Chez Maman and there are usually seats to be had on a weeknight with no waiting.Pretty good burger. Nice crepes. Very good French Onion Soup.And a waiter who thinks I'm hot. What more could you (I) want?
6 of us with 10 dishes. All amazing!!! Great prices, fabulous food, great service.
Some of the reviews here on Yelp bash the burgers because burgers aren't actually French cuisine. Fair enough, but who cares?! The damn things are delicious. I don't even think its fair to refer to their burgers as "burgers." They are much, much more.On a delicious French bun with several meat (and veggie burger) options, one can get several extras like special cheese, avocado, and onions. The fried egg (another great extra) also soaks through the entire burger and serves as a binding agent for all the scrumptious ingredients.The fries and garlic aioli are to die for. Seriously.When I went, I got the mushroom fetuccini. It was very rich and filling, but salty. Next time (and there will most definitely be a next time), I'll get a burger. Downside: SMALL. Sit at the bar if you can. I believe there's one table in the place. Maybe 2. Otherwise you're stuck outside, so cross your fingers for bearable weather.
I came here for the steak, and only the steak. Let me tell you my friends, I was not disappointed....and have not been so full in a looooooooong time. I had just returned from Asia and all the noodles I ate hadn't quite satisfied my inner carnivore. The steak totally hit the spot. For beef snobs, I'm not sure what kind of beef it was, and it definitely wasn't the MOST tender steak I've ever had, but it was solid. Nicely cooked, decent quality and $20. I'm a value-for-your-money kinda gal and hit all the right notes - with a nice peppery, mustard sauce! I appreciate that they give it to you on the side so you get exactly as much as you want. Hooo-ray!The garlic mashed potatoes I substituted for the frites was also amazing. Like if I ever had a chick-on-chick wrestling match, it would be in a kiddie pool of these mashed potatoes.Overall I'm totally stoked to come back and work my way down the menu. Cute place, solid food!
Perfect experience!
What a beautiful day it was when my girlfriend and I discovered this cute hole-in-the-wall in the city. My girlfriend (who lives in the city) and I have been trying to get together for the longest time to celebrate my birthday. That Sunday was Decompression Day (after Burning Man) and she suggested that we meet somewhere in Potrero Hill and just find a random place where we can sit down and eat. That's exactly what we did and we bumped into this little tiny cafe. We got a table outside and this cute guy with a french accent took our orders. I have a penchant for ordering stuff that I could not pronounce so I ordered the Savoyarde. He did not correct my attempt at saying the word with a French accent so I guess I got it right (chuckle). It was delicious. As a matter of fact, it was better than the one that I had at an overpriced cafe in Champs Elysees. The prices weren't bad either.  I wished I had the appetite that day because I also wanted to order the French Onion Soup and French Fries with Aioli. Next time! Did I mention how tiny this place is? It is very small and you cannot talk about your sex life without the next table hearing about it. Even if you whisper! Believe me, I attempted so many times;)
Holy Eggs Benedict and French Onion Soup. This place is fucking delicious. Both of these items are on some next level deliciosity.
Best burgers! I add avocado and Brie and its perfect. The aioli with fries - my favorite part. Recommend, recommend, recommend!!
Stumbling up the hill half drunk on a rainy Sunday afternoon after having our eardrums ravaged by No Age @ Noise Pop, we noticed that there was a window booth open in Chez Maman. Considering the fact that there are quite literally 10 seats in house -- 6 counter & 4 window -- we jumped at the chance to drop in. I'd heard a few people mention this place in the past few years, but I'd never had the opportunity to eat here, & I was quickly impressed by the fast, friendly service & cozy ambiance. The older couple who sat down next to us came from out of town after seeing it on Check Please-Bay Area recently (nice!), & one of them commented on how good my bacon cheddar cheeseburger looked. I assured him that however good it looked, it tasted miles better (so true).In the days since I've eaten there, I've thought about that cheeseburger often. That aught to tell you right there.
This place is smaller than I thought. They only have about 4 tables (2 inside and 2 on the street) and then all other seats are counter seats. You get to watch the cook grill your food and work faster than normal humans. There are probably about 15-20 counter seats.The food was fantastic. I ordered a basic burger with a side of bacon.. (of course). I ordered the burger medium rare and they actually made it that way. Most places wont. It was great, it was still pink inside. The meat was juicy. The bread was a rustic crusty roll that they grilled where they slab on this mayonnaise sauce. The fish burger is actually a piece of grilled salmon. the salmon was tasty. I thought it would be a piece of fried fish... hahahah like mcdonalds. the fish was very fresh... no fishy taste.the best thing that we ordered was ordered by my brother's girlfriend. She ordered a lamb sausage pannini. That was delicious. The sausage, the cheese... the extra bacon she got on it... (we are a family that loves their bacon...). They were so cute too, they cut the sandwich and shaped it into a heart for her.. hahahah... cutteeee... Anyways... I liked this place... its very cute and the service was awesome. I will definitely come back.
Went here the day before Lent (Mardi Gras) and had my last Beefburger with BLUE CHEESE (came with delicious shoe string fries!) before the fast and it was awesome! Had a lovely glass of the Tempranillo to help with the digestion. Yum!My lover had the Salmon crepe and that was also delish! I love coming here! I can always rely on great food and friendly service!
Warning: very small restaurant that does not take reservations, so you may have to wait a bit. There are two small tables in the front (2 person tables) and a long bar to sit at, so don't come with a group.The FoodWarm goat cheese with arugula, cipollini onions, balsamic vinaigrette - the goat cheese was warm and delicious, overall a good saladPanini with chicken, pistou, aioli and roasted peppers served with a small salad - the Panini was good and flavorful, not the best Panini I had ever tasted, but it was exactly what I was in the mood forBeef tartare - delicious, would definitely order this next timeCrepe Suzette - I love crepe Suzettes and this one was no exception. The whole plate was even flaming when it was brought to our tableSolid food, great atmosphere and great service!
Get. The. Burger. It will change your life. That is all.
I've been going back abut once a month since my first visit here. My recent visit here was a total disappointment. My croque madam was dry. The host forgot my fries, and acted like I hadn't ordered them, even though he had read the order back. And the new health department code was on the wall. It wasn't a good number. Guess I'll get my croque madam fix at Cafe de la Presse from now on!
I had: appetizer:stuffed squash blossomsLightly fried with a delicate crab/ cheese stuffing. So delicious.Roasted Duck with Fig ConfitThe duck was cooked to perfection. Moist and Flavorful. This dish changed my mind about figs. I never liked them till this dish. And now I love them. Very small but cozy atmosphere. Intimate and romantic.. but I went with 3 friends. I will definitely go back.
A Nice Unpretentious French Bistro!I came here with my neighbor the other night after a game of tennis and I'm really happy to discover this place. It's a small cozy French bistro with lots of charm but none of the attitude. Service is great! We ate at the counter and the open kitchen atmosphere was warm and inviting, especially after stepping in from the cool SF night.The burger made with their special aioli was delicious and and comes with a side of herb-seasoned frites or salad. EXCELLENT!I've gone back several times since and have tried other dishes and they all make me happy...- French onion soup (delicious cheesy crusty top and soup underneath -- perfect for a cold night !)- Baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points (warm oozing cheese)- Pork chop & Brussels sprouts (tasty and juicy!)- Moules (aka Mussels) with frites - (the Thai based moules with lemongrass and coconut milk was one of the best I've ever had -- I was sopping up the coconut milk with bread non-stop)- Apple tartin with chantilly cream (light and delicious!)This is a GREAT FOODIE FIND!My goal is to go back and try everything on the menu. :)
A solid consistent bistro on the hill. Went last night with a few friends. We shared the tartar, moules, frites, friesse salad w lardon and poached egg, croque monsieur, grilled hanger steak and some meriguez sausage dish. All was tasty, well seasoned and the execution was just about perfect. The waiter was polite and calm and it was a nice distraction watching the cooks behind the line making the food. It's a bit hot sitting at the counter but aside from that it's a hidden gem.
Dinner here was great! The space is tiny, but the dinner wait wasn't bad at all (I came on a Sunday evening).Escargot is pretty good, but smaller than the size of the shells might lead you to believe.The veal entree was very good as well, and that mushroom cream sauce is soo good.The Pain Perdu dessert was what really stole the show. So much goodness in the mouth it's really hard to describe. Must. Try.Port was delicious, but it usually is :)
After 2 years of residency in San Francisco, on a stroll through Potrero Hill, I accidentally took myself on a date to Chez Maman. Despite the chalkboard with several parties ahead of me, my party of 1 managed to cut the line to score a spot at the bar. Hint: the smaller the party, the better your chances of eating dinner become. I can't even count the number of times I've eaten here (#totalfatgirlmoment) and every time I leave happier/heavier. From the goat cheese salad, to the bread, to the basic burger with Brie, to the pasta carbonara, I'm reminded of why I love a default restaurant that never disappoints. The simple (yet, appropriate) wine list keeps the wine snobs at bay (quarantined in the Marina or SOMA) and lucky for me impairs my judgement just enough to make a judgement call that, in hindsight, isn't so bad. #Theresafirstforeverything Eating here makes me feel like Liz Gilbert in Eat, Pray, Love; at least the part where she had the 4 moth relationship with food in Italy. So, kudos to Chez Maman mgmt for facilitating my most productive relationship of 2010. The food is well worth buying some big girl jeans.
I found my thrill onportrero hill, best burger*around, I found you.*have it with brie and an anchor steam
Damned good burger. Everything else very perfectly French. (The French don't really do burgers...). Lovely tiny place.
Great lil Franch bistro. If you're looking for a spot to go with your significant other on a Friday night to enjoy a burger and gaze lovingly into each other's eyes while dreaming of paris then this is your spot.
Came here today for the first time. I had lunch with a friend - i had the french onion soup (DELICIOUS!) and then had the panini w/tomato, pistou, brie & prosciutto. It was really good. It came w/a little salad on the side that was not that great. I also had a mimosa that was really tasty as well. I was too full to do dessert. Street parking was easy, our server was really pleasant & the food was reasonably priced. I'll be back for sure!
Came here on a Saturday afternoon after volunteering at the SF Food Bank. Was starving and had high hopes for this place...mainly because I was still under the childish and nave belief that any place starting with "Chez" should taste fabulous (haha, silly me).I ordered the Chicken Panini with pistou aioli and roasted peppers. Had I had only the Panini itself and nothing else here, I would have given it 4 stars. The pistou aioli and roasted peppers gave the entire sandwich an amazing flavor and I was quite fond of the bread it was on. But I had half of the burger with brie, on medium, and was sadly unimpressed. The patty wasn't juicy like Sideboard's (Danville) or flavorful and unique like Father's Office (LA). The frites were decent. Afterwards, still craving a little something else, we shared a crepe, which was OK, but didn't really totally do it for me. Food aside, the atmosphere was quite lovely. I really took a liking towards the mirror they had over the slanted ceiling, overhanging the bar area.On the way out, the rather doltish individual having lunch with me was kind enough to share with me that he's taken another date here before and ordered the same thing. Way to make a girl feel special. And then I later realized I was the real dolt because I footed the bill...haha, silly me.
quaint little gem where you sit at the counter and drink beers with your honey on a weeknight or weekend late afternoon. hands down the best burger i have ever had in my entire life, and i eat a lot meat let alone burgers. also their mussels ain't nothin' to mess with. totally go with just 1 person and go on the earlier side.
Definitely a hidden gem!! Awesome food and great service at this is a very small but nice hole in the wall restaurant (two indoor tables and about 10 bar stools). Expect to wait but it's well worth it. Shared the goat cheese and arugula salad and the baked camembert cheese with garlic and both were SO amazing. Definitely good apps to share. Also had the burger which was really good - very yummy fries and aioli. Can't wait to go back and also want to try the related restaurants.
I wanted to go somewhere that was somewhat intimate, had a reasonable menu, appeared to have an atmosphere conducive to talking with someone and also had great reviews. At first glance, it seemedHad the salmon and shared a nice salad. I'm pescatarian and so I'm very picky about fish since I eat it all the time. Let me tell you that the salmon was grilled perfectly and seasoned just right. The potatoes that it was served with where also excellent. They where seasoned with something I haven't had in a while -- very savory.I took someone I was just getting acquainted with and had a great time but having picked this place, somewhat randomly, it really made for a great start. I'm going back!
Great burger. Very good looking host. Chez Maman is a French restaurant tucked into the space of a diner. You sit at the counter and admire the coordinated show of three men serving an entire restaurant. It's worth a 20 minute wait.
So, the wait is a little lengthy, especially since it's so small and there isn't room to order a drink easily and enjoy it while you wait. But, the food is fantastic! we decided to head down the street to Lingba lounge to kill some time and enjoy a glass of wine. When we got seated, we had the best seat in the house! all the way at the end of the bar in the back. Why is that the best seat? because then you won't catch the chills from the door being opened and closed and don't have a crowd of people waiting directly behind you crowding and bumping you while you eat. We ordered:French onion soup - best I've ever had! The perfect amount of saltiness in the broth and the bread and cheese was flavorful and soft. Croc Monsuir - also the best I've ever had. The bread was the perfect amount of crispy and soft, the cheese and the ham were flavorful and perfectly portioned. It all just melted in my mouth while taking a bite. Vegetable quesadilla - simple and good, not the best thing on the menu but you can't go wrong with grilled veggies and goat cheese in a tortilla. I need to go back and try some of the burgers and crepes as well as the creme brule. They all looked fantastic! The service was terrific once seated. The waiter was very attentive and offered great suggestions. I take away one star just because it's a bit too small. I wish they would open it up and fit more tables in there.
I am usually very harsh with French restaurants because I am French and I feel like it's my duty to give realistic feedback. French Cuisine and all is supposed to be one of the greatest. So suck it up French restaurant owners/cooks and show me what you got.It's is not a typical French restaurant. You look at the menu and it's Half American. Tacos, Burgers ? really ? ... very disappointed while reading the menu. Where are all the French classics? It's a tiny place. It's a bit dark and could be intimate if you didn't have the bar and a bunch of French wannabes talking with hysterically loud American girls.Why 4 stars ? Well I'd have given 3.5 but the food was more than Good. I had the pork chop and the sauce was original and delicious.It wasn't very expensive as most French restaurants tend to be.I see it as restaurant with a Bistrot look with good French food. But it's not a date spot.
Wow - this was quite an experience. If you know me, you should know I always prefer to sit at the bar - prompt service, plenty of actions, in the thick of things. Well, at Chez Maman, you scarcely have a choice - save for a couple of tables in the window, there is nothing BUT bar! This place is as big as a postage stamp - or a French letter, if you will! As for speedy service - you won't find better, The outrageously French maitre-di-waiter (Olivier?) is ridiculously friendly, attentive, charming, and efficient. Roll over Jacques Pepin - the ladies will swoon. A couple of fine Belgian beers and more on tap and the delightful crepes (we had the suzette - just fabulous) and the matchstick French fires - we could be on the Champs Elysees. One thing I doubt you will find in Paris - because, in all my vegetarian days, I have never found this anywhere at all, is Maman's take on the "veggie burger". Make no mistake - it's not a veggie burger at all. It's a a kind of ratatouille-esque concoction help together with an egg, served in a fat French (of course) roll. Quite delicious, although sloppy-joes aspect had me wondering if I should have just asked for n omlette with fries and a roll. I will be back, though. Oh - a buckwheat crepe and one of those 13% French beers! Sacre bleu!!!
While it is possibly one of the smallest restaurants in San Francisco, the deal with the size issue very well, with efficient service that is not pushy. Waiting is likely - there are maybe a dozen seats at the bar, plus 2 two tops in front, and a four top outside (more useful on a warm night than a rainy one, I suppose). However, because it is so small, food comes out quite quickly, so at least once you get seated you won't wait too long to eat.The food, from what I've tried, has been consistently delicious. From salads, to steak frites (with a delicious green peppercorn sauce), they meet their promise of delicious, comfortable food. They make a fantastic burger as well! I want to try to eat my way through the menu! It's not cheap, but it's also not exceedingly expensive, and is a good value. The service, as I mentioned, is excellent, and efficient. The decor is rather simple - the biggest decoration is the grill, which you will see a lot of if you are sitting at the counter, or facing inward at at a table. The angled mirror near the ceiling is a nice touch to help open up the space, however.In summation, I am glad that I live only a few blocks away (especially since they do takeaway).
One of the best spots in SF! Paleo Friendly!
I've since had their burger- ground beef mixed with herbes and garlic (ack- glad I took a Zyrtec but it still got me later on!) and it was tres tres delicious. The frites served with it were thin, crispy crunchy and salty without being oily, served with very fresh house made aioli.I've also had their salad Nicoise, which was enough to feed two people, really. perfectly dressed greens topped with quartered eggs and tomatoes, cooked cubed waxy potatoes, crisp parboiled green beans and olives, with a healthy helping of European tuna. I still love this place, and sitting at the counter, you get to see how clean their cook area is, which I can totally appreciate. The owner is still a gracious and charming guy, remembering us each time we come for lunch.Oof- too full to write. Time for a nap!
AWESOME FOOD AT A REASONABLE PRICE!I love french bistro food, especially the croque madame and the french onion soup. Small and quaint, so expect a wait around dinner time. They have a few tables and a bar.Service is superb and decor is nice. Definitely worth a try. Potrero Hill is an up and coming neighborhood.
Exchange rate with the Euro getting you down? Afraid of Parisian snobbery? Flunked high school French? Well, your worries are over at Chez Maman. Stopping by for dinner the other night, the honey and I were reminded of being in Paris and eating bistro food except we weren't feeling out of place with our bad French or bemoaning the exchange rate. I had the pork chop entree. A perfectly grilled and moist pork chop sitting atop a mound of Brussel sprouts with bits of bacon. The pork chop is accompanied by a mustard cream sauce that you'll enjoy sopping up with bites of the chop. The honey had a crepe with beachamel sauce with prosciutto, tomatoes and some sliced cheese (whose name I'm forgetting). The crepe was a delicious mix of flavors. Just right for a light supper. Service was attentive. We both enjoyed a glass of Rhone rose wine. I'll definitely be back.
Kudos to my mom who introduced me to the best burger I have ever had in SF! She had seen a Check Please! episode that featured Chez Maman and suggested it as a post-Wicked dinner destination. And what a great pick! Chez Maman is a simple & quaint (as in seats ~12 total) French bistro w/ the cooks & (handsome) server sporting black tees that say "Finish Your Plate!" in French. Cute. Since we sat at the bar, we were able to watch the chefs prepare niciose salads, crepes, creme brulee and french onion soups. (How French can you get??)I went for their Burger since one of the Check Please! reviewers raved about it, and I am so glad I did. It was a tough decision to make since everything else sounded so good! So basically, the Chez Maman burger is my kinda burger. I've gone to Liverpool Lil's to try SF Weekly's selected "Best Burger in SF", which was a complete disappointment. Maman crafts their winner w/ the softest ciabatta-like bread and a juicy, flavorful patty. They provide a fresh side of greens + grilled onions + a tomater, which equates to pure bliss. There's no obnoxiously-sized burgers here. Just a perfect patty to bread ratio (like the CP! reviewer noted) w/ simple trimmings. The side of frites were just as good.We all made sure to save room for dessert, and ended up ordering a Berries & Creme Fraiche Crepe and Creme Brulee. Both were absolutely amazing.Dining at Chez Maman is a true delight.Sidnotes: -No reservations taken. Just show up early so you can score a seat. If you have to wait, I don't think it's that unbearable, seeing as how ppl were ordering glasses of wine to sip on while they waited.-Check out the Check Please! episode (blogs.kqed.org/food/2008) beforehand, 'cuz it provides a nice run down of what to expect & the story behind the place.-The oh-so-popular French Onion Soup is only available on weekends.
Long wait but totally worth it. Love the staff and the maitre d'. Best burger in the city.  Make mine roquefort with a salad and a glass of champagne, thanks!
I went to Chez Maman on the recommendation of a local SF yelper. I took a big walk from China Town all the way over to Maman and was plenty hungry when I arrived a bit into the lunch rush.I waited outside for about ten mins for a spot at the counter, not bad....I skipped the highly recommended burger in favor of the steak / frites which I really enjoyed. Having lived in Paris for a while the feel of this place just works for me, the serious and harried service the cooking, the wines / beers - its all just like stepping back into my old neighborhood for a weekday lunch with my buddy Pierre. I miss Pierre.Love it.
Chez Maman was sooo worth the wait even in the 30 degree weather tonight. Meeting with a friend from out of town I was feeling decadent. I wanted to French up my burger, so I got it dressed with Roquefort and bacon. YUM! Love the ashy/gooey melting of the cheese, the great real rolls rather than buns, sweet/fresh tomatoes, perfectly sauted onions, and French cut fries with mayo/aioli. I had a champagne to wash it down since I was feeling extra decadent. The owner cheerfully chimed in that champagne goes with everything :) Sage advice!We also had the creme brulee, and it was lovely - light and fluffy compared to other places I've had the dessert.Must say that in addition to the superb food, the great service with a smile was what made this a 5-star dinner to me. Felt like we were waited on hand and foot - not a moment went by when we needed anything, and smiles + wit were a great accompaniment to each dish.
Was surprised this incredibly well reviewed spot wasn't anything special. Good, yes, great no. Nothing special about their ingredients, food was well done but nothing mind-blowing. Huge can of Crisco under the counter (not a good sign), generic canned tuna for a nicoise. Overall, pretty straight-forward bistro fare. More like a 3.5 but excellent value, great service rounds the score up for sure.
Finally came here to grab a bite to eat since it's our neck of the woods and we've been meaning to check this place out. We LOVE Chez Papa so we had high expectations about this place. We both got burgers mine with fries and the girlfriend with the salad. WOW. Best burger I've had in SF. Makes me even mad that Hubert Keller has the nerve to put his name behind a place like Burger Bar. The burger was soo good it made me mad that I even spent any money at Burger bar. We saw a few thigns others ordered and we're definitely going back.The lamb sausage appetizer looked delicious and the aioli sauce for the frittes was so good. The burger was juicy but didn't have that post overly greasy feeling. It was seasoned well with herbs. The place is tiny and popular so there tends to be a wait so I would suggest going off hours. We went at 4 pm and walked right in no wait. But peak hours are definitely going to have you waiting out side with a crowd of people.
For those of you who love Paris bistros, with the slightly offstandish service that is usually more than made up for by the plate of delicious, simple French food, then this is a solid four star establishment. I, however, prefer less brisk service and hate feeling rushed during a meal, and felt compelled to give this place three stars.Chez Maman is an adorable, tiny, one room resto with a long bar to sit at and maybe three little tables. They have two beers on tap, a few by the bottle, and a dozen wines by the glass or by the bottle (a short, value priced wine selection - perfect for a bistro). My croque monsieur was tasty but the bechamel had almost too much nutmeg in it. The heavy nutmeg flavors kind of worked since they added tons of flavor without needing much salt, but at the same time, if you're not a nutmeg fan, this would be a dish for you to bypass. The fries were a bit overcooked and crunchy but the aoili they came with was solid. It was a fine meal and a cute ambiance, but not a place where you can linger when you're done since it's tiny and there are tons of people chomping at the bit to get in. I don't think I'll rush back anytime soon, but were I to live in the neighborhood, I might have gone again.
Want some simple but good french food without paying big bucks, this is the place to go. My favorite: salade nicoise, frisee and their chicken crepe. Oh and Olivier is just so friendly and nice. Coucou Olivier!The hubby and I went back on Sat 03/13/10My frisee is still good. The moules are still one of the best. And of course my crepe suzette flambee au Grand Marnier is one of the best in town!
Wonderful food at a decent price and the staff is beyond hospitable, they are incredibly friendly. The atmosphere is intimate and even if you have to wait outside for a bit to be seated, it is well worth the wait to experience the entirety of the Chez Maman ambiance.
My husband I went here for lunch last Friday because my friends raved about this place and their burgers. We got there 5 minutes before they opened. The waiter sat us and he took our drink order even though they weren't open yet. We both got French onion soup and it was delicious. We also ordered 2 burgers with goat cheese. We asked for medium well but the burgers were more on the medium rare side, so next time I'll ask for well done. The fries were very good!The service was great. The waiter was very nice and he didn't rush us into leaving even there were about 8 people waiting to be seated. Get there early because they only have 4 small table, 2 inside and 2 outside with a few chairs on the bar area. definitely give the place a try. I'm a very picky eater and they didn't disappoint!
Cute and eclectic little restaurant in the Potrero district. French food at a fair price. I had the fish burger and it was delicious! We also ordered the tomato, pistou, brie , prosciutto pannini. That was Delicious as well! The tatted owner was super friendly and great at service. I would love to come back to try the crepes.
This is a really special place. Tiny. But don't let that deter you. Fabulous french bistro food(although not strictly limited to that), well executed, fresh ingredients and reasonable prices. Lots of different stuff on the menu that will keep me coming back to try. Service and atmosphere was...well...acceuillante. Very homey. My mussels meuniere were perfect, along with the thin, crispy frites. My daughter's croque monsieur was as close to heaven as one could expect. Definitely coming back.
One of my FAVORITE places to eat in SF. The only reason I'm giving a 4-star review is because there is almost always a wait of at least 20min before you can sit down. The food is flawlessly amazing every time. Every dish on the menu I'd order again and again though.
This place is literally a hole in the wall...Simple french fusion food at it's finest.Sobering down after coming from Anchor Brewing Co. I whipped out my iPhone to go on the Yelp app and found this place, so I decided to give it a whirl since it was in the area.This place only seats about 15 people inside and most seats are diner-style. For a pretty small restaurant, they have a good selection and the flavors are huge.I ordered the basic burger with brie with a side of frites. The bread for the burger was a panini type where its crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside. The ingredients were fresh. Burger + brie=flavor! I basically took that to town!The bf had the chicken burger with swiss cheese. I didn't get to try it because I looked up 2 minutes later to find the burger gone.
Every time I've been here was through some gentleman's suggestion. Now I wonder why all my female friends have kept this little secret away from me. Shame!My first time here, was during one of those pretty warm evenings where despite leaving the window open, the interior is still warm and muggy. And you wish you had worn a tank top rather than some heavy black cocktail attire complete with heels (we were off to a symphonic concert) so I was in a foul mood by the time we were seated.I was sitting there, perched like a bird, atop their bar stools lining the narrow counter, face blasted away from the hot air from the grill, about 3 feet away from me. I perused the short menu, delighted in hearing the waiter speak to me in a very thick and seductive accent, despite the fact having knocked the counter wall with my knees. Ouch, that's going to bruise.Since my butt commanded it, we start off with the Baked Camembert with Roasted Garlic and Toast Points ($7.50). I'm nibbling the little toasts topped off with succulent dips of the creamy cheese while we watch the chef make our placed order: the Chez Maman Burger ($9.00) , basic and the Croque Monsieur ($9.00). The food arrived, hot from the grill, and we were too famished to really care about the heat at that point. My sandwich was amazing....granted, it was just a hamburger, but the meat patty is velvety in texture, not knubby like most burgers. And the cheese, is a melting creamy dream. Framing this wonderful patty is the perfection between toast and warm bread. It truly was exquisite.My friend's Croque Monsieur is another heavenly package, savory and slightly salty cheese paired with a delicate ham, sandwiched by two slices of their spongy bread, then egg dipped and broiled. I almost fell off my chair when I tried a bite of his.....I am truly content. And dreamy. To top it off, we proceed with something sweet to lull our stomachs, and the Berries and Creme Fraiche crepe ($7.00) does not disappoint. Fresh berries bursting fresh sweetness between bites of sweet creme, tucked in by a delicate shroud of their crepes made directly in front of us, thin yet warm. I could live on this daily.After all that fuss from the French speaking host to the attentive yet quite silent waiters, to our fantastic food, and foreign delivery........I felt I was actually in a Parisian cafe. I envied my friend, who lived on the next hill over, of the close proximity so he could walk over for a light snack at anytime. I had to drive at least an hour to indulge myself in this wonderful little meal.Je suis dans l'amour.
I visited Chez Maman on the recommendation of a friend after just having arrived at my destination after a 3200 mile cross-country drive. Maybe it was the fatigue, maybe it was the hunger (I forgot to eat lunch), but my burger was absolutely magnifique. The patty is very good sized, and with the oversized roll/bun, the rich aioli and the large pile of salad that doubles as lettuce for the burger it was a perfect amount of food. My compatriot got the fries, and the thin, garlicky crispy sticks were so good I didn't even need the ketchup the manager slid us on the pretty, glossy-finished wood counter.The place itself is very small--there are 8 barstools, 4 seats at a table by the window and 2 2-person tables outside on a sunny day. It's clean but has a lot of character, and the best part is the open kitchen right on the other side of the counter. The two cooks are amazing--cooking everything fresh, from individual orders of fries and tortilla chips to the mussels. The bread on which the burger is served was toasted on the grill alongside the patty (which itself was very flavorful and perfectly cooked) and is wonderfully fluffy, non-bun-like bread.Overall, best restaurant burger I've had in a while, and I hope I get a chance to come back and try some of the other menu items at some point.
Finally got a chance to check out all the deliciousness that is Chez Maman this past weekend. We have wanted to go here ever since we moved to the city, but the wait is always so long. We knew this was a sign that we would fall in love with the place. On Friday night, we must have arrived at just the right time, as we waited only 5 minutes before getting seated. Since we had never been inside before, we didn't realize that the place only sits about 15 people at a time. Most of these seats are at a long bar that looks onto the narrow kitchen. There are a couple of tables right by the window and on a nice night they can seat another 4 or 5 people out front on the sidewalk.The menu has a lot of great options. I love French food so it was hard to choose. I'd heard wonderful things about the onion soup, but the baked camembert cheese with garlic fit my mood better at the time. This starter did not make me regret my decision. It was baked to perfection.For my entree I chose the mussels cooked in Thai sauce. Absolutely delicious. I got some frites with aioli to help fill my tummy up. The portions were more than I could eat, so I was able to share with my husband.We had to skip dessert so we could run out and meet some friends, but next time I'm definitely having whatever they make with those large jars of nutella above the stove.There is also a great selection of beer and wine on the menu, too.This may become our new go-to place when we want a good, reasonably priced meal. And with so many enticing options on the menu, we can try something different every time.
Chez Maman makes the premium you pay to live in SF worth every penny! I felt like a burger, my girlfriend wanted to go to a french bistro, I yelped it and found Chez Maman! This burger literally changed my life. By far the best I've ever had. Priced right, chez maman is a terrific find. The french onion soup was fantastic as was the panini my special lady friend got. I highly recommend chez maman, this might be my new favorite restaurant! abclocal.go.com/kgo/stor
Oh so good. Get the mussels with the bacon, cream, white wine, shallots. OMG so good smoky, creamy, and then spicy with tabasco. The burgers are more then a burger they are the vanguard of burgers.To really enjoy your experience get there when they open at 11. Otherwise I'm sure there is a massive wait.
Potrero Hill has many many little wonderful places to check out, beautiful homes and lushesh hidden parks, the view of the city is amazing, one other things that many people do not realize is that some of the city's best restaurants are nestled away in this area. Along with Lingba Lounge, Elizas, Goat Hill Pizza and a handful of other great places is a little gem called Che Maman.Chez Maman is not a place to bring a large group of friends, even if there is just two of you, be prepared to wait a bit to get a seat, I do not believe they accept reservations and if wait is to long you can hopefully go to one of the above mentioned restaurants fo a bit, although if you are craving their killer burger you might be out of luck since it is one of a kind and the only place in the area that is going to give you something this tasty! The steak and fries is very good as well, I really can't think of anything I haven't like that I have tried their, they have a good little wine list, the staff is fast and friendly and they are always pumping some jazzy tunes to help you power through another glass of vino.
Best freakin burger of my life!!We both ordered the basic burger with brie and it was absolutely perfect. 2 big hunks of gooey delicious cheese melted over a well-seasoned, juicy burger patty...AWESOME. They don't use traditional burger buns either.. They toast bread and drizzle it with a tasty aioli. THE FRIES- Super delicious!!!!
I am greatful that this place is only a few blocks away. The French Onion soup is a must. The service is great, you've got real French people that speak English so fast like it's French you can't understand them (I say this because it adds to the appeal). This is a place in the heart of Potrero that takes you away from City life and sweeps you away to something more rustic and has a way of slowing things down a bit. Reasonable prices, delicious food. This place is worth the trip. A word of advice though, don't go on a hot day or night... this is a small space and traps all the heat that radiates from the kitchen (which is in plain view and right behind the counter).
Last week, Chez Papa was a 4 star experience and since we were 'in the neighborhood', we stopped by Maman's place. We had our dogs with us so our seating was limited to sidewalk tables. It was a really nice day so no complaints or ski jackets needed.We had a simple lunch splitting the chicken pannini which was mixed with a light pesto sauce. It was one of the best combinations on a pannini or sandwich.  I wished I had the whole order to myself.  Of course we had the french fries, which was served in the traditional paper cone, comes with two dipping dishes of ketchup and olive oil aioli.A very European selection of beers served in the actual glass bearing the logo of the beer you ordered. Next time our visit will be inside at the counter which is the BEST seat in the house in almost any eatery!Check this place out...lunch will run about 20% less than Chez Papa which will take larger parties and a bit more upscale.
There's a wonderful collision of an upscale bistro and a down-to-earth diner inside these walls. The seating options are minimal, but a few candles, shiny wood bar, Euro lounge music and warm colors on the walls makes this casual dining spot feel special. The French waiter/manager was very helpful, personable and funny, but that could have partially to do with my fluent-speaking dining companion. You know how French people are...The food was nothing special - burgers, salads, crepes and panini's - but it wasn't expensive either. The panini and quesadilla (yes, at a French restaurant) were tasty but not memorable. The salad was awfully salty and sparse. 4 stars for a diner, 3 stars for a bistro, depending on what you'd like to call it.Note also, they present an interesting selection of French and Belgian beers.I would come back for a quick bite, but wouldn't wait in line if one of their 12 or so seats (seats, not tables) wasn't free.
Five stars for their succulent ratatouille - the best in town! I couldn't even find a better one in France.
Just had dinner there tonight and it was INCREDIBLE. MUST GO! We had two burgers and some wine, and to finish it off we ate a crepe. The whole experience was wonderful. You do have to wait in line for a table, but the wait it more than worth it. We will be going back again.
After changing seats a few times, Eugy and I finally got perfect seats. The two bar seats at the end, right by the front door. I ordered a burger with gruyere, guacamole and bacon. Um... Let me just say... THIS IS THE BEST BURGER THAT I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!!! It was juicy and flavorful and the bread that it was on was so soft and the toppings were just perfect. Seriously... BEST EVER!!! Eugy had the eggs benedict and I think he really liked it because not only did he finish the entire thing, at one point it looked like he was trying to figure out how to lick the place without looking crazy... We also had a crepe. Fresh berries with creme fraiche. SOOOOOO GOOOD.. OMG... I wish I were so full, or I would have eaten the entire thing. To wash it down, I had the black muscat wine from California and Eugy had the muscat wine from France. Both were great! Overall, this is the type of place we both love. Great food from such an unassuming place. And great neighborhood. So great that we went open house hopping afterwards. :)
If Pleasanton had a place like this it wouldn't be half the hole that it is. Chez Maman is an ultra non-fussy way to deal with one's craving for steak tartare, soft mussels (bathed in bacon and cream), and garlic fries. Bring a book if you're dining alone so you can read it at the bar; or just watch the cooks toil inches from your face.
I was there for brunch on a Sunday and waited about 10 minutes to get seated at the counter. I was sitting next to the back kitchen entrance so I had a very good view of the chef actions. The waiter service was prompt and our food came quickly as I watched the chef cooked. Onion Soup - the soup is done right and it supposed to be salty to be paired with bread. Try to share the soup with two people, otherwise it would leave you no room for other yummy food that's coming next. Crepes - the complete egg and ham crepe was okay but not impressive. My other friend's salmon crepe tasted so much better.Poached Egg Muffins - Excellent dish and a must-try! The poahced eggs were done just right and the cream sauce on top would melt in your mouth. I wish they have a bigger restaurant space so people don't have to wait so long and sit uncomfortably.
Came here for my 5-year anniversary dinner with Ryry. We wanted to try a new place (as we always do) with good food and we wanted to go somewhere nice and cozy. We hit (almost) all our points of interest with Chez Maman!Very quaint and cozy place - one counter with 10? seats and 2 booths that fit 2 people each. The place was crowded but the French owner assured us with a not very assuring nod, but in his Frenchy-European way, that he had the situation handled and that we would get a booth. And we did! He even called me mademoiselle... melt! We ordered the French onion soup, the gucamole and chips, the chicken sandwich, the mahi mahi and the creme brulee for dessert. I also had a delicious Rose from South Africa, I believe. The French onion soup was delicious with a piece of bread in the middle of the very hot small pot for ultimate soaking power. The guacamole, though overpriced at $7 for a small portion, was tasty. The chicken sandwich, well, I've had better. It was on a roll with a light aioli, there really wasn't any wow factor. Same goes with the mahi mahi, in which the fish was crusted with cornmeal but not with flavor. The chutney that accompanied it was sweet and tangy and really saved the dish. The creme brulee was decadent - topped off the meal. Should have reread the Yelp reviews prior to our visit and realized that they are known for their burgers! So, next time, Chez Maman! It will not only be the owner who wows us with his French accent!
It's a 4+ table (2 or 3 in and a couple out) with an extremely narrow floor plan yet equally quaint. By recommendation of the quirky - yet funny waiter, we tried the gourmet burgers, mussels, and wine. 'twas goooooood! yah maaan!PERFECT casual dining...
What a pleasant surprise! I have to say, I wasn't really expecting much from this place. It's a pretty small place (only 2 tables and a counter) and very unassuming. However, the food is delicious and the service is great!I've been to this place quite a few times, but my favorite menu item (and the one I got the first time I went) is the burger. It comes on a toasted roll rather than a bun, and you can get some tasty toppings, such as fried egg or brie. It also comes with some surprisingly tasty fries (the thin kind) or a salad if you're feeling girly.I've also tried the hachis parmentier, which apparently is French for "big ass bowl of beef and mashed potatoes all mixed together in a delicious heap of goo." Not as good as the burger, but still good. They also have some tasty-looking crepes that I haven't tried yet.This is probably the best restaurant in downtown Potrero Hill. Check it out if you're in the area.
Burger! Enough said. I definitely will be back here on my next trip to SF
I have loved this hidden gem in Portero Hill forever it is how do I say it:dlicieux - golden - rgal - rgaler - succulent! All the food is off the hook and I love the kitchen bar seats with a big old glass of wine. Even though I am relocated to the East Bay I drive over for this and its sister restaurant Chez Pa Pa to this day. My boyfriend and I treasure this old haunt and always will forever.
So I'd heard of this place a few times before and put it on my mental list of places to go to but completely forgot about it. That is until I caught an episode of Check Please Bay Area the other night. So off I went to the movies (Let the Right One In - a Swedish vampire film - check it out!), and then headed to Potrero Hill for some good eats. I was glad that although the tiny space was filled to the brim, a couple was on their way out and voila, just like that, we were seated.We both had the French onion soup which was scrumptious. I moved on to the steak and frites. Thank YOU for the nice serving of steak by the way! Wine was good, steak and frites were good and quesadilla was good too. Strange right, quesadillas on a French menu. Take a look back to the kitchen though. Um hmm....and THAT is why I say that Latinos make great cooks/chefs. Because they are so versatile.Anyway, the food was good but I don't know if I'd run back. Although I wold turn down an offer for a meal there.I have other places on my physical list that I've yet to try so I have to cross a few of those off before I return.P.S. Fab service though!P.P.S. Didn't like coming out of there smelling like the grill though!!
One night, after a tech party at Mighty my co-workers and I were hungry so we drove up here. It was late and most other places were closed but these French gentlemen were really happy to feed us late. We were a little cramped around two tables since the place is so small but that makes it even more charming.I ordered the veggie crepe which was made of real buckwheat batter, it gives it this distinct crunchy chewiness. Also the frites were a hit. Why is it that the French can do frites so well?!
My FAVE FRENCH ONION SOUP! Wonderful consistency of onions, cheese, and toasted bread heated in the broiler to perfection. Burgers are decadent, especially when I add blue cheese or gruyere. Yummo! Frites are tossed with the right amount of salt and served with aioli. Wash it down with a glass of red wine. End the night with a crepe filled with bananas and nutella. Space is small with a long counter and a few tables. I've never had to wait, by timing it to arrive right after work or for a late dinner. Wait or no wait, it's worth the experience.
Burger is tasty. Small space but good and attentive service.
This place was excellent. I really enjoy going somewhere where everyone involved takes pride in their job. I am your typical American who doesnt like anything french (why I dont even know), yet this place closed the door on my prejudice today. Very small, so no big parties, but perfect for a date place. The ambiance is nice and warm. Most seating is at the bar watching all the cooking. Seating like this is my favorite because, for me, it is a dinner and a show. The only staff include: one server, two chefs (not cooks), and another person helping out doing expo type work. We had the burgers which were delicious. They were cooked just perfectly and melted into the fresh bread. Add toppings from the short list for$1.5 each. I opted for brie which turned out to be a good choice. Served with the burger are carmelized onions, tomatoes, and lettuce on the side. Honestly one of the best burgers I have had in a long time, if not ever. They keep it very simple with really fresh, quality ingredients and the result is nothing short of delicious. The fries reminded me very much of tiny, thinner versions of in-n-out fries mostly because they must be fresh cut. Very good. We topped the dinner off with a nutella and banana crepe which was warm and gooey. A great cap to a great dinner. This place could make much more money if it were bigger, but then the warmth might be gone. In the end everything was fantastic. Take your best girl, or your best man here and have a fantastic evening.
Chez Maman is a little hole-in-the-wall restaurant but it's great. You sit facing the kitchen, basically, and can watch them cook all your food. I ordered the french onion soup and the veal with creamy white wine sauce & mushrooms. The french onion soup was definitely the highlight of the night..so good, and you can watch them stick the little pot into their oven with all the cheese on top to cook. The lamb was alright but I think too creamy for my liking. My bf ordered a steak and that was deserving of 4 stars...veal I'd give it 2.5-3 stars.
Definitely the best burgers in SF -- the steak is fantastic as well.
The famous onion soup was inedible being extremely salty. The house panini and the crepe were decent enough.Quality took a dive over a cliff, it seems!!!=)
Delicious french food. I will visit this place again.
This is a small hole-in-the-wall-blink-and-you'll-miss-it place with huge ambiance. The host/manager/server/greeter dude is great. I would've gotten his name, but he zips through that place so fast and efficient that you barely know if he's speaking english or french to you.He'll listen to your order suggestion(s), say something in french and tell you what you need..all in 5 seconds.....Who are we little americans kidding, when it comes to wine/cheese parings, we know nothing.I had a crepe lunch, with the bleu cheese/honey on the side. I liked it so much brought my other half there for after dinner dessert of nutela chocolate crepes and muscato...If you're in the area, you've gotta hit this small slice of france with a huge personality. Have a seat at the counter, and try ordering in french for extra points, or spanish for the trifecta.
Came here a couple month a go. Loved the food. Olivier, our server was great. Place could get quite warm. Gotta go. Great food, great prices, great staff.
I had Fish burger, and it was awesome selection. would love to go back there again.
We knew we'd be back before we ordered one thing! That's just how much we loved this place. Lived in SF for 20 years and never made it to Chez Maman. Our HUGE mistake. Yes, it's small and yes, it's anything but fancy (90% chance you'll sit on a stool with no back at the counter) and yes, you'll wait to get one of the coveted seats . . . but it's so worth the wait! Ate dinner there last night Olivier (waiter? owner?) came to us on the sidewalk and asked if we wanted something to drink while we waited. We had brought a bottle of wine so he came back with a corkscrew and two glasses. How great is that? After maybe a 25 minute wait, we sat at the counter and watched the magic happen. There are 2 cooks manning the stove top, the grill, the broiler, the 2 crepe makers, and the prep area - and they are in constant motion. Everything on the menu looked incredible so we enjoyed the yummy french baguette while we landed on the frisee salad with poached egg, frites, and grilled pork chop with brussel sprouts. OMG - so delicious. Olivier served us, kept our wine glasses full, always with a kind word to say. Yes, he's busy but we never felt overlooked. Finished the night with the chocolate mousse and the crepe suzette. Perfect ending to a perfect night. If you want an absolute classic French bistro meal in a unique setting (which is mighty hard to come by in SF), claim your place on the board at Chez Maman and enjoy!
OK so I almost gave this place three stars because my burger with brie wasn't the best in San Francisco as some have claimed. It was good but not the "BEST".  However, their french onion soup was so delicious and cheesy. I also had a bite of my husband's delectable chicken pesto panini that I had to give them four stars. I will go back but next time I will order the chicken pesto panini. The creme brulee was also tasty and my husbands dessert wine (french moscato) was sweet but not too sweet.
I love this place, even if it did displace the original "Just For You"Chez Maman shows that you can still have really high quality, tasty casual food. It's tiny, with barely 16 seats when the weather allows a couple of small tables outside, so prepare for a wait or go off hours.The food is classic French bistro: crepes (savory and sweet), steak frites (with real "Allumette" fries), pork chop and the like. It is also the only place I know in SF where you can get a Merguez (spicy lamb sausage) sandwich. The guy that runs the place is friendly yet knows when to leave you alone, and the cooks do an amazing job in the tiny thin kitchen with everyone watching their every move. And it has good wine by the glass & draught beer. What else could you want except more seats?
Great little neighborhood gem! Cozy fit, only a single counter that seats about 12...but the food is delectable! Great date night spot w/ low lights and atmospheric eurojazz. Still swooning over the mussels in wine sauce (moules a la mariniere). steak frites are a local favorite... or so i was overhearing.
It's good food, plain and simple.This place is tiny, but there's something wonderful about sitting right next to grill. Even though it can be quite warm, you get to watch as your delicious burger comes fresh off the grill -- cooked to perfection, served on a fresh roll with crispy shoestring fries. Or, you can see your crepe created before your very eyes. The Savoyarde -- with bechamel sauce, tomato, proscuitto and brie -- was tasty.You also get see all the the wonderful things you didn't order travel by. We've already made note of two things for next time: the veal in a cream sauce, and the mussels mariniere.Word of warning... this place is always busy, and for good reason.
French Onion Soup........a must, we shall return for this as often as possible. Burger, not so special, a little disappointed since it had some Best Burger Award on the Wall. Friendly service, fun, cozy, casual atmosphere.
Rainy night...small place...great service...great food...loved the mussels...being right at the counter near the cooks was perfect.
Went here on a Wednesday night around 8PM and had to wait about 25 minutes for a table for two. Got seated at one of the tables near the window - tiny place, pretty intimate... good for a date (not sure about the bar seating though.) Ordered the soup du jour, goat cheese w/ arugala salad, and burger w/ brie (medium rare, of course.)The burger was AMAZING. Probably one of the best burgers I've had - at least up here in the Bay (Father's Office down in LA is still my favorite.) Not too many places offer brie with their burgers, and the ones that do skimp out on how much they put on the burger. Not this place. The amount of brie was well proportioned, melted nicely, rind and all. Frites were nice and crispy, seasoned well, and were complemented well by the aioli. Finished off with a Nutella/banana crepe for dessert which was nothing special.At the end of the day, the burger alone is reason enough for a repeat visit. Just don't get lost on your way there and you'll stay out of trouble :)
After seeing the reviews for this place on "Check, Please! Bay Area" we decided Chez Maman was worth a try. We stopped by for dinner on a Thursday night and were seated and served immediately. Parking was a bear, but it is a nice neighborhood for a stroll, so we didn't mind walking a couple of blocks.The service was prompt and courteous and the food was good. The menu was somewhat limited and the prices were higher than expected, but all in all, I was pretty impressed. We started with the roquefort with honey, which was really memorable. Then I had the glazed pork chop on brussels sprouts and it really was fantastic. It was juicy, flavorful and a good portion. If I recall, she had a salmon dish with fingerling potatoes. The chocolate mouse and cafe au lait were mediocre, at best. I would recommend Chez Maman if you are in the mood for a nice sandwich or crepe or some hearty provincial-style French cuisine. It is a very tiny place and there are 2 similar restaurants on the block that are owned by the same owner and have similar menus. So, if it is packed, you can try the other Chez-whatever places in the area. Chez Papa is on the corner, just east of Chez Maman.$50 for 2, including 1 beer, 1 dessert and $7 tip.Check their website for hours.. closed on Mondays.
I heart Chez Maman.I know there are no tables and the wait can be a pain in the you-know-what, but I love this place. The service is always prompt and attentive. I love sitting at the counter and watching my food get made...and I haven't had anything I didn't like. The burgers and steak frites are good...the Camembert app and french onion soup are great. The little side salad that comes with the burgers is even seasoned well (most places don't realize that salads need seasoning).If there are more than 3-4 in your party, I would definitely NOT go unless you are prepared to wait. Since there's a counter and 2 (small) tables, it's also hard to 1) fit in 4 to the table, 2) converse if everyone is sitting in a row.
Love this place! It's small but the food is delicious! Depending on what time you go, plan for a wait.I had the Salmon Panini w/ creme fraiche and have had the basic burger and frites. The Salmon Panini was thin and crisp and all the flavors together went very well. The burger had very good flavor and the fries were addicting.This is one of my top places for a burger.
We walked almost 6 miles from our hotel in the Knob Hill district to have lunch at Chez Maman, which is located in Potrero Hill section of San Francisco.This tiny French bistro has only a few tables but a long bar-counter area where we sat. We ordered:CHEZ MAMAN basic BURGER (with frites)Flat Iron Steak with frites & green peppercorn sauce .The burger was one of the best I ever tasted. The beef was incredibly savory and blended in with fresh herbs that were flavorful. The flat iron steak was cooked to perfection and green peppercorn sauce was put on the side, and not smothered all over my steak, which I was satisfied about. Service was exceptional, the staff cooks right in front of you while your seated at the bar-counter watching. I had our French server pick the wine for us and it went perfect with our lunch.
Came for the burger, been back again repeatedly because everything on the menu is super yummy. Only downfall is the seating. I prefer the bar stool seating and watching the orders as they are being made. The smells are my favorite appetizer. It's definitely hit or miss on the timing, the smaller the group, the better your chances of squeezing in sooner. Once, we braved a chilly day and sat outside just to accommodate our party of 4. The food made up for the weather conditions but I missed the added entertainment of sitting at the bar. Other than sushi, this is our go-to spot for a date meal.
I do love this spot! The only thing that bugs me is the cooks do not know how cook pasta. They burn cream sauces.
Solid French diner with quick service and great tasting food. Finally a non-pretentious French restaurant with food you can actually eat and get full with. Small place though (not ideal for large parties over 5). Brunch for two (without alcohol and tip included) for under $35.Try the basic burger with Brie and Guacamole. Pretty good.Parking was not an issue.
The best burger in SF by far!! This place is very small, so the wait can be long, but it's definitely worth it.
tiny hole in the wall in portero hill.french-inspired cuisine. got the chicken panini with avocado and bacon. roll and veggies were fresh. avocado was creamy. bacon was crisp but still chewy, how i like it. fries were fresh, crisp, and not starchy. the seasoning could have been stronger. my main complaint is that although the chicken was fairly tender, it didnt have much taste. the owner may have culinary training, but you wouldnt know it because he doesn't make anything (they cook the food right in front of you). its made by a bunch of mexican guys, no different than a fast food joint. you can really tell the difference between a restaurant that is just operated by a chef and one where the chef actually does the cooking himself.
Ok look closely or you won't find this place. It's tiny. Basically just the bar and 2-4 tables. It gets a little packed too. But it's a good spot. If you like burgers there are lot of choices, egg, brie, caramelized onions any combo I think will be good.
Still one of the best burgers in town. I tried other stuff on the menu in the past, but now, if I am driving up from the 'burb, why bother with anything else but those juicy burgers. Very small seating areas, so not great if you have small kids though.
I'm only writing a review for the dessert which was delicious! The server is great because I love his accent. We shared dessert of crepes and creme brule and it was amazing. The dessert wine that was recommended was also great as well.
um..YUM! Went on a Wednesday night, and though small, we were seated immediately. Very cute, and the waiter was super attentive.We ordered Frise salad and Baked camembert with roasted garlic to start with. Salad was good...but the Camembert was AMAZING!!!! I could have eaten only that dish for my entire meal (though I probably would have needed to order 3 more because I inhaled the first) Cheese was perfectly melty, bread was toasted but not hard, and the garlic!..oh the garlic. Put them all together, and it is a stinky melty delicious mess in your mouth. I have seriously been craving this since that dinner.Main dishes: Veal with creamy white wine sauce & mushrooms and Fettucini with mushrooms & creamy white wine sauce. Both very similar dishes in flavor, and both very good. The size was perfect too. We were both thoroughly full, but ate everything with no leftovers.And finally: a sweet orange liquor crepe (I don't remember the exact name)Overall really good, and a great place for a relaxed nice evening. And if anything, go for the Baked camembert with roasted garlic alone. YUM!
In search of the best burger in SF as well as over all awesome food, a friend of mine suggest Chez Maman. The burger was not the best or the worst I have eaten. I also tried the pork chop which was suppose to be da bomb. I do have to say that the french onion soup was pretty tasty. But I don't get what is all the hype about this place. Very disappointed w/ such high expectations. non bon... non bon...
The burgers here are extremely good. I go here a couple times a month and it's always been consistently tasty. Yesterday I ordered a brie and prosciutto crepe and it was so rich and creamy, highly recommend it.Pros: can't go wrong with anything on the menu, every thing's good.Cons: stuffy and hot because the restaurant is so small and most of the seats are near the stove/oven.
What a great find. Now I know that this place has been around for a while but I had not been and I really enjoyed it. It was much smaller than I imagined but it ha a nice quaint feel to it. My girlfriend got the burger which we've both had before and it looked excellent. I took a little bit of a stretch and had a shrimp quesadilla but it was excellent. I love places where you can see the chefs make the food as well. The service was great as well and everyone was reasonably priced. If I lived in Potrero this would be a regular stop for me.
I had the PERFECT french bistro lunch here. The crepes are wonderful (i had the brie and prosciutto). The wine reasonable and good. The service great. But the Pain Perdu blew me away! worth everyone of the calories. I am so thankful I do not live in the neighborhood or I would be here far too often.
Had brunch here a few weeks ago and had the french onion soup and the burger. The french onion soup was one of the best I've ever had. It comes in a huge bowl so it's a good idea to share especially if you're ordering other items. The burger was good and the fries, cooked to perfection. Overall, it was a good experience just expect to wait a while especially on a Sunday morning.
The Croque Veggie & the Eggs Flaurantine are the bomb diggidy!
Excellent Service!I will definitely return for the service. I went to chez maman for the first time today and I ordered the salmon crepe. It was good, not great. The presentation was good, and I think that the place has good value. However, the crepe could have been more special. Atmosphere, location, and service are all great.
Great service, terrific food. Pricey, but a lovely night out.
483 reviews? Heck, what's one more.I'll keep it simple. Yes, the burgers are really that good. Yes, the wait is really that long because the cafe is really that small. Still, I'd wait all over again. The burgers aren't your typical burgers. $10.50 will buy you excellent quality that you can taste. The best part is that the bread folds over so nothing falls out! The frites are exactly what I had in Paris, and it goes perfectly with the side of aioli. Definitely a hit.
Excellent crepes, omelets, and burgers. The soup of the day seems to be permanently French onion, but it is a good soup, so that is alright. The lines do get crazy if you are there on anything that is even resembling a normal dining hour though.
Best burger by far, and I am big on burgers..Have not tried anything else so can't speak for the rest of the menu.There are two places , one in Potreo hill and one on Union.I recommend the union because it is bigger but if you like the cozy diner type experience then Potreo is your place.The only reason I give it s four star is because I saw a cockroach in the bathroom in the Potreo place, which is right by the kitchen, But cocks are common in that neighborhood.
The heat from the oven flows out, as you watch the food on the grill. You smell the smells, of what the person next to you ordered as the owner pours you another glass of that wine that you should really stop drinking.It's a great time, and something that I haven't experienced since I was in France.
I love this place. That is all.
My boyfriend took me here for an anniversary. The place itself, is TINY. Coming here at night, we didn't know how long the wait would be but it wasn't bad. We were seated in around 10-15 minutes upon arrival. Although we were next to other couples, we had our own privacy. We sat at the counter where we saw them cook. The servers were very on task. Always filled the water, took away the finished dishes, and asked about our meals. There was complimentary bread with butter. The food, was heavenly. I had the basic burger medium rare ($11). The meat was soooooo tender! The lettuce had dressing which was probably salad, and their frites were to die for. The burger came with this avoli? sauce which complimented the chibata bread along with the frites. All in all, it was a delicious burger. I had saved half for my boyfriend which wasn't soggy like other burgers after a long wait to be devourer. He had the flat iron steak with frites ($21). THAT was one hell of a steak. IT WAS SOOOOOOOOOOOOO TENDER and with the peppercorn sauce hmmmmmm hmmmmm good. IT WAS LIKE A PARTY IN MY MOUTH. However, the portion wasn't as big as he had hoped. But that was okay, we also had a side of mash potatoes ($5). It was a very large size in my case. It tasted like any other mash potato, nothing too ravishing. Probably should have ordered another side of frites hmmm yum. Will definitely come back if I ever get the chance! The saying "Great things come in small packages," well, heres one (:
chez maman is like a little hole-in-the-wall diner on french steroids. take your regular counter diner, add some nicer lighting and french wait staff, put your burgers on french rolls with fancy cheeses, swap out the deli sandwiches for paninis, put aoili on the fries, nix the milkshakes for wine, and -voila- you've got chez maman.however, unlike typical american greasy spoon diners, the food is delicious and something to be desired. brie on burgers, where have you been all my life? our party ordered the lamb sausage appetizer, pasta carbonara, chicken sandwich, basic burger with brie (me), and topped it off with creme brulee. all were satisfied.the only comment would be the service--our server gave a little attitude in the "you're kinda intimidating but maybe you're just joking and i'll smile and laugh it off" kinda way. as long as you can handle something like that, then you're fine. it wouldn't prevent me from coming back though. chez maman is one of those rare places that perfectly balances the line between casual and formal; it's appropriate for dates, solo meals, and casual dinners for small groups of friends, and serves comfort food that tastes like you're trying it for the first time.
The burger was flavored with all sorts of spices and herbs. Seriously delicious. I'd definitely come here again. It's really small, so I'd recommend lunch. I came here on a Friday for lunch on one of my work from home days and found space at the bar right away at 12:15pm!
First time trying this place and I must say - I was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong, the burger was delicious (probably one of the best patties I've ever had) and the bun was definitely tasty...but I felt like it was far too oily (it actually dripped oil). Though the frites were good, I still prefer the fries at Paragon. For $10.50 plus some $$ for the cheddar, I guess I was expecting something a little more exceptional. The coffee was BLEH. Good service, glad I didn't have to wait a year for a table. Maybe I'll try it again.
Super duper cute. I love how quaint this restaurant is and how friendly the servers are. I came around 1145 Sunday morning and had to wait about 10 minutes in the rain for a primo table up in the front window. Seeing everyone eat while waiting made me super hungary (yes, hungary, not hungry) so I was more than happy to order the french onion soup and crepe complete. The soup had a thin crunchy layer of cheese and the soup was well seasoned. The crepe was also delicious and topped with a yummy sunnyside up egg. Also had a latte (fyi, they only have whole milk here) and an orange juice. Everything was just so yummy. Me likey Chez Maman.
Definitely one of my defaults on the 'Hill. Love that it is is right around the corner Chez Moi. The smoked salmon panini and nicoise salad are my two faves...The waiter is a gem and the warmth is PERFECT for cool SF nights.
I must I was impressed with food at this cozy little place. The service was delightful. What I enjoyed the most was the Flat Irons Steak and the Ratatouile. I recommend for anyone who wants a taste of French food on a budget.
Just what you'd want out of a restaurant. Great food; a cozy intimate atmosphere; friendly staff. I loved the restaurant's personality. My wife and I had:Warm goat cheese with arugula, cipollini onions, balsamic vinaigrette - (to die for)Panini Merguez(lamb sausage), onions, gruyre, aioli - AMAZING!!!Roasted Mahi-Mahi with garlic spinach and mango cucumber vinaigrette - very good, but i'd recommend sticking with the crepe's, paninis, salads and burgers.My friend comes here often and swears by their burgers, but i didn't try it so i dunno. Warning: The place is small so come early or during the week if you want to reduce your wait time.
AMAZING! A Lot of people complain about this or that, NOTHING IS PERFECT FOLKS!!!!First the menu is a very nice size with crepes, paninis, burgers, quesadillas, salads, a pasta dish and a lovely desert menu. My date had the Pasta and it was truly divine. I had a ham and veggie Quesadilla, one of the best quesadillas ever. We had a very nice white wine with our meal. The bill was around 40 dollars, total bargain.The owner is a Frenchman with charisma, charm and a welcoming air. The place is tiny, only holds 14 people and they do not take reservations. I have no problem with the size of the place and have no problem waiting a bit for a spot. Just go next door and grab a cocktail while you wait.
Cute little place, may be difficult to get a seat but nice if you like a little tete-a-tete. The food is fresh and reasonably good. The burgers are delicious and have lots of herbs mixed in with the ground meat. The salade nicoise was not that authentic (they seemed to take some American-style mayonnaisey tuna fish salad and mix it in with the salad greens) but at least it seemed fresh, and they did serve it with anchovies which is a nice touch. The place feels a little bit like a french-style diner and is a good lunch spot. I would not recommend it for groups of more than 4 people because of its petite size.
Went in here tonight for the first time for an early dinner/late lunch. Very small place with maybe 8-10 seats at the counter and seating for 4 at two small tables in the front window. It was a chilly night and we appreciated our seats right in front of the warm grill.Started with the french onion soup and it was excellent -- nicely saturated crouton (slice of french bread) and crowned with gorgeously browned (and generously heaped) shredded cheese. I had the chicken panini, which was a little uninspired but absolutely as described on the menu (chicken and pesto never seem to have much flavor together) served with a nice, lightly dressed green salad. My associate had a burger with a nicely-melted helping of roquefort cheese and a side of frites. I had an unimpressive (and oddly sweet) Malbec and my associate had a beer from their small tap listing (3 total, I think).Despite my lackluster pannini and wine I really enjoyed the ambiance, great service, and the soup along with my associate's burger were phenomenal. Can't wait to come back.
Chez Maman is simply A-OK, not bad but not great either.I loved the tiny intimate dining space but the food was not outstanding. The burger was tasty and cooked exactly way I wanted it (which was medium well) but the fries were so overfried. My partner's chicken pesto panini was tasty as well but I was not impressed enough to want to come back for more. And I was a little turned off by what I saw behind their counter. We got seated in one of the two indoor tables by the corner and I sat facing their tiny kitchen, which gave me a great view of the stuff they have behind the kitchen counter: stainless steel salad bowls next to their trash can!! Too bad I wasn't able to check their cleanliness score. Does anyone know?Good but not great.
This place lives up to its reputation! The burger with brie was amazing, good fries (with garlic aoli, hehehe), and split a berry crepe to finish. Definitely one of the best burgers around. And Olivier's great!
Ohh, ohh, ohh, c'est magnifique! I stumbled upon this quaint little french cafe when I was exploring the city with my roommate to decide where to live, and we sealed the deal with lunch at Maman.The menu is classically French-American, with an emphasis on the breakfast-brunch-lunch time slot, with croque monsieur paninis, burgers(best in SF IMO), omelettes, sweet and savory crepes(the crepe suzette is sublime, at night they serve it flambe-style), and a dinner menu that is simple yet sophisticated - I recommend the ratatouille, mussels, and steak with frites.A quintessential and indispensable element of Chez Maman is Laurent and Olivier, the dueling duo proprietors/servers/hosts, and they are the essence of the establishment, and they are genuinely french in their personalities and attitude towards food, but without the whininess.To just share one of my numerous culinary/social experiences at Maman - Two of my law school classmates and I walk in after a 9 hour study crunch, the three of us being Italian, Hispanic, and Korean, and we passionately discussed with Olivier the impact of Marco Materazzi's antics during the last World Cup final match. After an animated and stimulating debate, my portly Italian friend tried to order a second burger, to which Olivier firmly yet politely suggested, "Monsieur, you've had a eh'vee buh'gur, why not have a crepe suzette and a cafe?" To which my Mario-ish friend responded, "Si, grazie!" Footballl(soccer) might divide countries, but good food always unites! Ole!
I'm gonna cut the foreplay and say this is one of the best restaurants I've been to and I can't wait to go back. I had their basic burger, which was far from basic to say the least, and it came with yummy frites. The french onion soup is also the best I've ever had. Everything I had there was really good and flavorful and the waiter who served us was very nice and accommodating, even while my friend and I were waiting outside for a table. (Be forewarned that this place is really small and busy, so there's a wait)The dessert menu was so tempting, but I didn't have anymore room to try them. They did have a nice selection of dessert crepes, though. They also serve mimosas, which I was tempted to order, but I kept it plain with an Anchor Steam.
One of the best burgers I have ever had! Very tasty but pricey for a burger! The place is tiny and definitely not good for any more than two people.
In the mood for a burger so we decided to come here. I've heard some great things about it.........and so out to the PotreroReal tiny, but since it was nice we decided to sit out on the sidewalk.I had the classic burger w/ blue cheese + French Onion soup. The soup was perfect. SUPER cheesy with lot's of onions and not overly salty at all. The burger was really juicy and done just the way I liked it.....but the blue cheese was a little too salty for my taste. Overall pretty satisfied ;)
Disappointing. The French waiter somehow didn't make my thin (see "Burger King") burger any more exotic. The Frites were good, but i'd eat fries off the sidewalk if someone dropped them so no added points except that i learned that thinner fries get colder faster... It's simply thermodynamics.Let's see what else. Hmm. It was somewhat overpriced for what they served, and since it's about 10 feet wide, it's not exactly an intimate place, and it's too small to be a weekend brunch place. If you want a real breakfast, go down to Sally's on DeHaro/16th (10x better than this and cheaper), and beware of the Yelp Spam Bloggers here doing five stars. Please. Who's giving YOU free food--or are you dating the owner? In and out at least has a bathroom that isn't so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
I feel like it's kind of cheating to use a "Chez" restaurant for the letter C in my quest to eat out according to the alphabet. However, the fact that there are so many difficult letters helped me rationalize the choice. It's not as bad as using an "El" for E. Plus, I had been meaning to try this place for some time. I headed straight from a long day at the lab to a late dinner here, and I didn't have time to read reviews on yelp first. So I was surprised by how very teeny this place is. Because of the size, even after 9pm there was a wait, but it was worth it. The vegetarian panini was delicious, and the service was charming.
Very small, but extremely cozy. There were two of us and we were able to get a couple seats at the bar as we had arrived early to get a bite before a party. Olivier, the owner, was welcoming and polite and offered us wine or beer. My brother's British and ordered a Kronenbourg. I had a refreshing Sauv Blanc. I ordered Les Moules Thai. I am a big fan of Mussels and these were extraordinary with flavors of lemongrass, cilantro, chili and coconut milk. Served the proper European way with a side of pommes frites and aioli. Absolutely wonderful and satisfying. There were so many amazing options on the menu I can't wait to try more of their offerings.
One of the best burgers I have ever had. The burger meat itself was to die for. The aioli they put on the bun is great as well. Definitely a good place to grab a bite to eat.
Wow,this place is amazing and very tasty.I will be honest and say that I did find this place on yelp and read reviews,so decided to give this place a try.Located in the Potrero Hill area,well this place is quite small.I'm sure if you bump into something it's probably my rear end(sorry,not plastic).The menu however is quite decent,but guess what I decided on getting(you thinking).Basic Burger w/ guacamoleFries w/ aioliThe burger was seasoned with perfection and was tasty.I was a little tipsy,but don't you go judging me based on this because I was simply impressed with the meal overall.The price overall was decent,the fries were thin for my taste,but the taste overall was good.The menu has a few selections: appetizers,salads,paninis,burgers and not just beef but a vegetarian and fish burger.They also have crepes,quesadillas and a few entrees.Decent pricesGood taste overallI would say try this place out.F.Y.I if you have a big butt watch out for the crowd.I am being silly,so maybe put this on "must try list".
Whenever I go here I die and go to heaven. This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Not only is the food perfect, but the host, atmosphere, location, and it's unpretentious sophistication make Chez Maman a winner in my book.
Splendid. This place is straight out of Paris. Great food without being obnoxious about handwaving to you about how great it is. Casual, friendly, and really damn good.Steak Frites was outstanding.We enjoyed the small but good wine list too; the California Muscat dessert wine they had was absurdly awesome.
French style burger. Gotta love it. My ultimate favorite place to get a burger and drink wine. I have never tried anything else yet. I only come here to get the Burger - Med, Brioche cheese, bacon and fried egg on top, their Frites along with a glass of red and Im a happy dancer, i mean camper, i mean...you know the noun you use to describe the above when a person eats this good. Anyways, the waiter is boanfide French but, atleast in my personal experience, not as assholish as the traveling French that I've ran into during my travels in Asia. The guy is super nice, super informational and just a stand up guy. The place can get busy as it sits only about 12-17 maximum with some of that counted for outdoor tables as well. The one thing that I dont like but have come to accept is that after sitting in the restaurant for the duration of your meal, you'll come out smelling like cooked food for sure. As for me, I always get the burger so thats what i smell like and my friends that I have met up with afterwards have mentioned that. Oh well, atleast I ate good. Next time i promised myself to try something new on the menu. I wish myself luck...
Nema S. has been buggin on this burger he designed at Chez Maman for a week or two now, so I finally gave in and along with Jae K. we headed over for a 3pm breakfast of champions.The Bird, as Nema affectionately calls his creation, is an expansive stroll through a landscape of over-indulgence. Start with a burger. Add caramelized onions. Add guacamole. You got a pretty big burger by this point. Then...why not: over-easify an egg and slap it on top.That's a Bird, folks.Very cool neighborhood spot - I really like how it's basically like a Steak n Egg but French, and way better.
Perhaps I should review this place since I tend to dine here about every chance I get. Chez Maman will forever be the place for me that follows the question: "Where should we go to dinner tonight?" Sometimes I wonder why I try new restaurants when I have such a go to in my backyard. I've tried most things here and all are well prepared, authentic, and so very tasty. I recommend the burger with Brie (if feeling particularly adventurous, throw an egg on top), the croque madam, and the chicken panini. And please, always order extra frites. The owner now doesn't even give us a menu we've been there so much. Only drawback is very limited seating, but it keeps the place feeling special, and somewhat exclusive.
I haven't had a really good modern burger for a while but Chez Maman wins my heart - juicy patty, brie, and most importantly, the crusty bread!The downside is their food is slightly too salty for me, hmmm.Note to myself: Need to go back for the famous pork chop.
It was a hot (90 degree) day and I didn't think I could stand sitting inside of Chez Maman as you could practically see the heat seeping out of this cozy little nook of a restaurant - - so this review is based on a to go order.And this to go order was damn good.The endive salad was a really nice way to start. And I must say, so many times I get a salad to go and it tastes nothing like it does if you had it there - The dressing has soaked the leaves, or the ingredients are a just slopped in, well not on this salad. It was fantastic. The walnuts and Roquefort cheese were out of this worldThe burger was solid. Wasn't the bomb, wasn't the best in the world, but it was good and something I could get again and again. Love the choices you have for cheese (goat cheese, cheddar, brief, swiss, roquefort) and you can also add guac, bacon or egg to your burger. A $1.5 for each extra.When ordering to go you must avoid getting fries. Such a rookie mistake as the heat of the fires inside the to go box caused perspiration inside the box (that sounds sick when talking about food) and the fries got soggy.Place is super cozy and seats very few. Right next to Ruby Wine so you can pick up some bottles on your way out.
A little hole in the wall and wait can be pretty long but WOW does this place have the best french onion soup I've ever had. All of the burgers are 1st rate as well (Chicken, beef, veggie,). The owners/host are fantastic (and yes they really are french!) And if you want to have real crepe (desert or main dish) this is the place to go! I also love there take on quesidillas especially the shrimp quesidilla. I have yet to try breakfast here though.
I was going to put four stars, but my boyfriend pointed out that I haven't had better eggs benedict anywhere else in the last six months (or ever, maybe...but who can remember that far back?). So, five stars it is--a little spicier version of eggs benedict with beautiful presentation and a lovely salad on the side, and I'm sold. I've only been twice--the other time we had cheeseburgers with fries (and the salad). I like the use of fresh herbs in everything they cook, and it's pretty cool to sit and watch the cooks do their thing. Service is great, ambiance is quaint, and seating is limited. Best thing about it--just a quick walk from the bf's apartment and we're there!
This is what happens when you marry a Diner with a French Bistro. The place is really cool. Great reasonable diner-like French food. There's a bar facing the "kitchen" that runs the length of the restaurant. It's a long and narrow place with very little space between tables/people. But it's French, so it's not cramped, but Tres Intimate. The burger and the french onion soup are great here. In fact, other than the burger at Namu's, it's the best burger in the city. The bun is on a French bread so it's a twist on an American classic. The fries (pommes frites) are also possibly the best in SF. It's a great place for lunch on the weekends.
You know that "People Love us on Yelp" sticker that is now so often seen in restaurant windows around the city? I propose that every place that has that sticker be held to the Chez Maman standard. Now, that being said, this is not the place to bring a large group or to propose to your lady friend or to be pampered by the waitstaff or even to have any semblance of privacy. There is no host, the wait is often long and cold and windy but if your patience holds out you will be rewarded.The wine list is short but filled with beautiful wines from around the world, each one is available by the glass. Foie gras and truffles are nowhere to be seen on the menu but in their place you will find simple, exquisitely prepared French comfort food. The camembert appetizer makes me swing my feet like a little girl. So simple but so delicious! The BF goes nuts over the steak frites with peppercorn sauce and the burger with roquefort. I recently tried the Hachis Parmentier, I don't even know how to pronounce it but I know it's the best cottage pie EVER! Sitting at the counter, you can watch everyone else's dishes being prepared and figure out what you'll order next time (I'm going to get the pork chop with brussels sprouts). For dessert we've had the crepe suzette which was tasty and it comes to your table on fire! ooo! But the chocolate mousse with chopped hazelnuts is the clear winner so far, so rich and chocolatey but still light. The service is polite but don't expect him to chat you up, he's the only waiter in the place! I love this restaurant. LOVE. So much so that I want to move to Potrero Hill just to be closer to it.
After doing some due diligence on yelp my hubby found this place.Since we are into trying places in new neighborhoods we decided to look at Chez Maman. I was expecting a nice/slightly upscale place with great food. I was spot on about the food.The place is tiny! Only 6 seats on the counter and 2 tables of 2... definitely a place to avoid if you have a big group.We managed to snag a table where I ate one of the best crepes of my life... It was called the Savoyarde I think. The fries were good but I enjoy the thicker fries a lot better than this mini me version which is what they had.My hubby got an omlette with goat cheese and tomato which was awesome as well.I need to go back to try the burgers ... they looked yummy :)
Went here for dinner with a friend. The place is tiny and you'll probably have to sit at the bar in front of the door with a chill wind constantly blowing straight through your clothes, but it's worth it. We split the basic burger with goat cheese, and I regretted having to share. They serve it to you with perfectly sweet carmelized onions and delicious garlic aoli. I think this is probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The meat patty is a little smaller than the bread, but it's so good I know I'll be back even though the restaurant is way out on Potrero hill. It's worth crossing the city for. The crepes are also delicious - we had the berries crepe, and though the berries were too sour for my taste, the crepe itself was perfect. I want to go back and try the chestnut.The only thing that wasn't spectacular was the baked chamembert. Basically just like baked brie with very little flavor, pretty disappointing, but the rest of the meal made up for it. Come for the burgers!
Oh my, I dream of the chicken crepes here. So amazing.The Potrero location is much better than the Union Street spot.
coucou...le premier hamburger habite a chez maman...wadDUUUPI had Chez Maman bookmarked for a long time. Reading review upon review of how great their burgers and fries were, I knew this would be the first place I'd take my girlfriend after her stupid no eating meat because of lent but I'll make an exception for spring break ended. Starving myself the whole day, only nourishing my adonis-esque body with 6 half spuds and a smoothie, I prayed to god I would not be disappointed. I can forsee parking being a problem, however, because lady luck is constantly perched on my left shoulder, we were able to vip right away. As is synonymous with French cafes and boulangeries, there is outdoor seating so you can people watch. However, the dynamic of the streets are quite awesome as it is on a hill, therefore, you are eating your food at literally a 45 degree angle. If holding your plate with one hand while scarfing a nutella crepe is your idea of wadDUUUP, it is for me too. They have chez papa at the corner which I guess is more of traditional French cuisine while a couple buildings away lies chez maman. This place is really tiny. There are 2 tables inside with about 10 bar stools. Because it was pretty late, we were immediately seated at the bar. This place is small yet does not lack in decor. It is very European with high sealings and very intimate. You can pretty much rib the person to your left and right .I ordered the basic burger with swiss and egg while my bodacious babe ordered the croque madam with egg and a side of ratatouille. Everything is made right in front of you and it gets quiet hot. The left side of my face was sweating. However, you have to appreciate the efficiency and tact in how they made their food. My hamburger was different than the standard one. First off, the bun is different. I do not know what it is, but I guess similar in texture to a chibatta. The meat had so much flavor. It literally melted in my mouth. It was the perfect burger...not too big to make you fall into a food coma; it was just right. The highlight were the fries tho. They were not your regular cut fries, but very thin and crispy. They were a top 2 fry I've ever threw back. The garlic aoili sauce they provided was the perfect dipping complement to those fries. My girlfriend's croque madam reminded me when I was a wee lad in Paris. The cheese and ham were gooey yet delicious. The ratatouille as also a good side dish. This place is really intimate so if you are a man with an icebox where your heart used to be, the warm glow from the kitchen literally 2 feet away from you will melt it. That's what a 5 star restaurant does. Wi-fiveUUUP
Ate there for the first time recently. now, THESE are the true best mussels in town. Was so inspired that we made them at home a few days later. The steak was amazing as well, and the wines they had by the glass were well suited for the meal. I like the bar setting and fact that you get to watch the food prepared right in front of you. Only complaint is that this would be very hot during a heat wave!I can't wait to return to try the burger and french onion soup, as for the creme brulee!!!yum yum yum
Bottom line: Great food, reasonably priced. But food prep area seems messy.Went here rather than its pricier spouse Chez Papa (around the corner). Very small - mostly counter seating with 2 small tables. Was pretty much the only place full on a Saturday morning in Potrero Hill, so had to wait a few minutes (write your name on the board outside to reserve) to be seated at the counter. The host (French) was nice and friendly, chatted to us in French. The food was excellent - the vegetarian burger was actually a rataouille ladled over a panini (not a burger burger) but excellent with extra goat cheese (additional charge). But avert your eyes from the food prep area at the back if you choose to go to the loo (go after the meal). You may lose your appetite.
This place is small and cozy. We liked the idea of watching the food being made while sitting along the bar. We had the onion soup and arugula with goat cheese salad to start with. The onion soup was good although the cheese used could be better quality. The salad was enjoyable. We then had burgers which were good but the fries accompanying them were the most disappointing as they were obviously from the freezer. Nice concept but the place could use better food.
5 star for French server, 3 for burger. Disappointed with that oh wells, fun overall experience, I added the Brie but it was so bland. I asked the french waiter for ketshup (tha'ts f*cked up right?) i remember listening to a stanford professoring saying that the french hate that stuff, anyway, sad about burger, lamb was good though.
A very small space with just a line of stools with a countertop facing the kitchen and a few tables on one side. Authentic french waiter (Latin staff cooking of course) and I believe the guy who owns this place also owns Chez Papa, Baraka, and La Suite. All pretty solid spots to eat if you ask me. I usually come here for the Croque Madam (excellent) but mostly for the burgers which I think may just be the best in town. Juicy and flavorful, you get some decent options like adding a fried egg, roquefort cheese, bacon, avocado, etc to personalize it any way you like. I personally just add the egg. I think what really makes this place work is the roll they put it on. Rustic, semi-soft and much better than some crappy burger bun. French onion soup here is also one of the better ones I've had here.Morgan Approves.
Killer French onion soup! And I got the basic burger with the addition of brie and avocado. To really test the quality of their meat I always get medium rare, and it was pretty good... But for taste it was the best tasting burger I ever had due to the toppings and aioli spread! I also got the creme brulee afterwards, and that was good, but nothing special.
I miss your heart shaped sandwiches and salmon coquette. *sigh*You just don't know how much you really love something until it's gone.
I love eating here. The space itself is super small (really just a long bar with two small tables). Sitting at the bar means that you get to watch your food being made, but you also get to see everyone else's orders go by. This of course means that you inevitably regret your own order because of all the delicious things that go by. I always get the chicken burger here. It is really more of a chicken breast sandwich. It comes on a perfectly toasted split piece of bread and with some of the best fries in the city. Everything here is very simple but is made with great love an care. On of my favorite neighborhood spots in San Francisco.
I salivate at the thought of their Roquefort burgers and Les Moules, but most importantly, I am a weekly patron to hear Nancy Sinatra sing about her boots. ;)
BEST BURGER IN TOWN!soft, lightly grilled ciabatta roll, flavorful seasoned meat, perfectly caramelized onions, great aioli to dip their thin tasty french fries, all cooked right in front of you as you stay warm sitting at the counter by the industrial burners. Love this place!!
Wait, wait, stop the press!Those who know me know I rave about Chez Maman burgers as the absolute best burgers I've had in the City. (c.f. yelp.com/biz/chez-maman-) So why only four stars?It's not the burgers. They're still amazing.It's what this location in particular lacks, compared to the other one in the Marina.For starters, you'll be guaranteed a wait, unless the gods have shined upon you as the chosen one for brunch. There's maybe ten stools at the bar, and two sets of makeshift uncomfortable fold-up tables and chairs where you will bump into each other and the wait staff, guaranteed. I'm a tall guy, and I felt I was in a restaurant made for Lilliputians the whole time. On the plus side, you know exactly what's going into your food, and you could easily make new friends (or enemies) if so inclined, as every patron is within talking distance.Once you're seated, after apologizing to the people you've bumped into, you'll realize they don't have a full-sized menu. Then again, it's so small, it's not really set up for a full dining experience. It's more of a lunch spot. One killer: small with poor ventilation means the place gets super fishy when someone orders up grilled salmon.My vote: go for lunch. Grab a burger, medium rare, with your cheese of choice (the brie and gruyere are my faves -- the Roquefort is good, but can be overpowering) and a fried egg. Take the order of fries -- not fantabulous and crispy, but okay -- and get them with aioli, not ketchup. Eat it with a knife and fork, unless you don't mind making a complete mess -- the bread's very soft, and it's more like eating an open-faced sandwich than the traditional hamburger.
We did the tour at Anchor Brewery in Potrero Hill (which I also recommend -- it's educational and basically a free happy hour after the tour), then were looking for somewhere to eat afterward. We wanted burgers so someone in our group did a search on his phone for a place nearby to get burgers, and Chez Maman was the nearest place with the highest ratings.A few in our group got regular cheeseburgers, which they said were phenomenal! Myself and two others got the salmon burger, which was great! They came with a side salad dressed with oil and vinegar.The place is small, so since there were six of us, we had to wait a little while to be seated, but not too long. We sat at the counter (there are only maybe 8 or 10 seats at the counter, with several additional seats by the front window and outside) and after we ordered, we noticed the "kitchen" is basically right behind the counter, so we were watching our burgers being cooked about four feet away from us!So yes, the place is small, but excellent food and EXCELLENT coffee (I had an espresso after my meal).We also noticed that a few other people who had been on the tour at Anchor were having lunch there as well, so I imagine that Chez Maman has become a popular place to go get some good food after the brewery tour, since it's only a few blocks away!
Go early. There is usually a short wait, but oh so worth it. Simple ingredients prepared beautifully. Loved every bite.
I came here as a celebratory dinner for my first night back in SF. The food was superb, it couldn't get any better. The seating leaves something to be desired. It's a tiny place, with only 2 tables and rest is bar seating. But that is the only issue and when you consider the atmosphere, from the music to the French staff to the delicious food to the charming neighborhood, that little issue can be overlooked, which is why I'm giving it 5 stars. Great place!
Another installation in my growing love affair with Potrero Hill. It's small, there's often a wait and sometimes I just nod when the waiter rattles off in French. But, there's so many reasons to make the trek to Potrero and enjoy. Come to Chez Maman for the Brie Burger - intensely flavorful meat countered by the tang of the brie. All served on a wonderful roll with thin-cut fries ($9 plus $1.5 for the brie). Heaven. Or, come to Chez Maman for the Tomato/Prosciutto Panini ($10), perfect in every way right down to the way they slice the baguette in two and plate it to look like a heart. Come to indulge in the nutella and banana crepe, watch the craftsmanship as they swirl the batter and then add the exquisite fillings ($7). But mostly, come to Chez Maman to order a glass of burgundy, savor whatever you order and cuddle up to the bar in the warmth of good food. Chez Maman makes you remember why you moved/stayed/love San Francisco.
Food is so great there! Yummy! However,....the seat is so limited....we were waiting outside longer than 30 mins -waiting to be seated. SF wind was so chill.... , but it worth it. Every meal we order no bummer- all very delicious! Only thing on con side is....there is not many dessert choices.
Tasty beef burger with brie on top, had some nice vegetable/spicing on top. Parents got the salmon, looked delicious. Apart from my dad embarrassing us by trying to speak french, this place was cozy. Will return after the embarrassment wears off
Another spot we stopped at with an out-of-town guest. The good:The N.Y. Steak with fries.The bad:The attitude of Oliver, the owner/ server.The lack of "panache" of the chefs/kitchen staffThe hurried check we received to serve 4 additional patrons,which of course always makes your out-of-town guest nervous.
I LOVE CHEZ MAMAN. My husband and I literally go every single weekend (or at least we have for the last four weeks!). I sometimes sit by the bar just to drool over the other things that they make like the burger, but I can't seem to deviate from my old faithful - - the Crepe Complete. A nice buckwheat crepe filled with cheese and ham, topped off with a slightly-runny sunny-side egg + a light and delicious salad. It's SO good! I also love it when I have room for a sweet crepe afterwards! Service is also very quick and attentive.
I came here for a nice lunch with the bf. We ordered the baked camamberet with roasted garlic and toast points, which was to DIE for. Although I may be a little biased since garlic and cheese are one two of my favs. You probably should stay away from the garlic if you mind the smell that lingers with you for days.We had the burger with an egg. Now I can honestly say, its on the top of my list for gourmet burgers in San Francisco. It really is a burger to try. The frittes which are my favorite types of fries comes with a fantastic aioli dip. YUMMM how can you beat that?The only con would be the decor and the long wait for our food. But this is a must try spot!
I went there while I was in the neighborhood. Sat at the bar. Ordered the burger with frites.It was different. On a nice focaccia bun. The burger I could see on the grill, was flavored with some herbs. It tasted kind of sage-y. The waiter was polite. It was.. just ok. But I will go back and try the french onion soup. A burger is one thing I like kept simple. If I want a good burger, I will go elsewhere.
Needed somewhere to eat on Saturday night, and Chez Maman fit the bill perfectly. A bit small, but festive, the food was French yum! My frisee salad was delicious, as was the fish burger (salmon) that I had with it. The fish was fresh and delicate, and the sauteed onions on the plate really hit the spot. For dessert, crepe suzette was amazing, sugary and orange liquor at their best! Our waiter, who may either be the owner or manager (I didn't ask), was polite enough to pick up my scarf when it fell on the floor, and my water glass was never empty, which I like. One of the hidden gems in the city, if you've never been!
Expect a wait, this place is small and fits only about 15 people. The usual French waiter will seat you promptly and greet you with some fast speaking French, which is enough to make anyone who can's speak fluent French feel bad. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I love to have lunch here: Bordeaux + Classic burger (comes with yummy pomme frites) + a thin layer of goat cheese. I've also tried their white mushroom sauce steak which was excellent as well. It's also fun to watch the cooks dashing in and out behind the bar. Afterwards, head to Farley's cafe down the block for coffee, browse books, and continue to chat with your friends.
I've been here many many times. every time has been great. pork chop and carbonara are my favorites.
I've been in SF for 2.5 years by now, and my parents have never come out to visit me. Actually, they've never been to Northern California ever, and the last time they were in California at all was in 1988 when we went to Disneyland in Anaheim. And I think that, if they ever do make it out here, this is the place that I'd take them first. I think it embodies all of the quirky characteristics that I love about living here. This place is small. Really, really small. I could never imagine getting a party of 3 into this place, because that would require getting two of the three non-bar tables to be empty at the same time, which is quite honestly something I've never seen.For all the times that I've been here, I've seen only one server, who I presume may in fact be the owner. He works every night of the week as far as I know, and manages to work the five tables (two outdoor) plus the entire bar while being characteristically French and yet never rushing you or being delayed.The food is good - really, really good. I want to learn to make the mustard sauce in their chicken crepes. I alternate between the chicken crepe and the burger, depending if I'm in a red meat mood or not. And it's the cheapest French place that I've ever been to in the city - 2 entrees + bottle of wine for $45ish.Maybe I can bait them into coming out here if I forward them this review.This place has been reviewed 360 times now, and given that it only seats about 15 people, expect to wait, even on a Tuesday night.
We came for brunch and were seated immediately at a little table for two. I didn't appreciate the awesomeness of this seating until reading these other yelp reviews.I give my salmon panini five stars. She gives her savory breakfast crepe (ham cheese egg wheat) 4 stars. How come?She was sitting with her back to the window and thus with eyes on the kitchen. She like that the cook used his hands to put the ham and cheese into her crepe instead of a utensil. Oddly enough, he was wearing one latex glove (yes, Michael Jackson-style), but using the un-gloved hand for cooking. The crepe being cooked made it OK.We'll have to come back for the burgers and frites that everyone is yelping about.
Great burger. Gotta add the bacon, egg, avocado and cheese... but definitely one of my favs in the city. Just order the salad instead of the fries if you're getting it to go. The fries are great if you're eating there but every time I get take out they get soggy by the time I get home. But I don't really care, the burger makes up for it :)
Crazy good. Just go, you will not be sorry.
I've heard a lot of good things about the place, so I was prepared for a long yet pleasant wait. We went fora wine tasting in the place next door which was pretty good too. Excellent service, food came out pretty quick and tasted pretty good. A bit pricey, but totally worth the experience. I cant wait to get back and have the desert!!!!! Merci beaucoup Chez Papa!!!!
It's easy to just walk by Chez Maman and not take a second look at this small, French gem. The only reason I'm giving 3 instead of 4 stars is because I'm rating the whole experience, not just the food, and the place is just a bit too intimate for me. Nevertheless, I would happily go to Chez Maman any day of week. The tuna panini with aioli, Parmesan, and peppers is good, but I think the star is their burger. The burger with Roquefort was just messy, juicy, deliciousness. And who can resist frites and aioli? I'm making it a personal goal to go back soon so I can try more of what Chez Maman has to offer.
I know it can be a pain to get a seat here at times, but it's well worth it. As others have said, Chez Maman has one of the best burgers in the city. The burger and fries are far superior here than at Zuni cafe (and a lot cheaper too). I love the flavor of the patties and the grilled bread brings it all to perfection. The crepes and the steak (you have to get it with the pepper corn sauce) are all consistently good too. The service is top notch (for some reason it seems even cooler when the waiter is French) and I love to sit at the counter and watch the chefs cook.My only regret is that there isn't something like this in my hood.
hands down the best burger i've had in the city.  the space is tiny but is also incredibly inviting. the staff is attentive and entertaining.
even though my girlfriend and i have 100 and something new places to try out, we can never make up our mind on where to go when it's time to eat... luckily for us we both agreed on chez maman for some sat lunch...the joint was full when we got there (its a tiny diner that seats about a dozen people) but we only had to wait a couple of minutes before some counter seats opened up. looks like they flip seats at a good rate.i've heard this place dishes out some mean burgers so there was nothing to think about when it came to ordering. i can never eat a plain burger and wanted to pimp mine out by adding bacon, cheese, and a fried egg... and just like that i had a hand-crafted breakfast burger! got crispy fries for my side accompanied by a little mixed greens and tore my plate up. i can't say that its the best burger in sf but it's up there... my girlfriend had the smoked salmon panini and of course i took a generous bite of hers and it was delicious.chez maman is a solid and easy-going place to eat... and you gotta love it when you get to see your food being made. bon appetite!
Finally got around to trying this place. Just when I thought PH restaurants couldn't get any smaller... This place literally holds like, 10 people. Lucky for us, we got one of the two tables offered in there. I already had it in mind to complain to my bf when I saw the price of their burger at $10. I also added an egg for an addl' $1.50. But yeah, that burger shut me up. One of the best burgers I've ever had in the city. Creme Brulees aren't their specialty; go with one of the crepes for dessert instead.
I brought two clients here on their request, so glad they suggested. Really cozy and warm. Food was great, I had the flat iron steak with veggies both cooked perfectly. I also tried the spicy lamb sausage and it was so good! Definitely will be coming back
I'll add my five-star review to the stack.I love this place. The finest steak frites in San Francisco, made even better by their green peppercorn sauce that... I have been trying to nail down at home for a while. It's not the sauce that keeps me coming back, but it's the touch that puts every meal over the top.I've tried several of the salads, and all were good, but in all honesty, as far as entrees go, I can't get past the steak.It can get real breezy up on the hill, so unless it's a hot day, think twice before sitting outside. Plus, the counter is where it's at. You get to watch two cooks and one server crank out deliciousness in the tiniest kitchen around. Don't miss the deep-fryer; nine inches wide at the most.This place IS France. The most authentic French bistro in the city.
The burgers at Chez Maman are 'OH EM GEE' delicious. Forget 7x7's Best Burger List, Chez Maman ranks at AWESOME. Get the basic burger (cooked medium) with oozing egg, brie cheese, and extra aioli on the side. You'll die in burger heaven.
Very good. We had the burger, french onion and one of the crepes. The burger and french onion soup were GOOD!!! We went there on a Saturday around 1:30pm and there was no line so we got seated right away. After 20 minutes later, it started piling up.I would definetedly come back again!
This is a small intimate little neighborhood establishment. I've only had brunches here with a friend. Best for parties of 1 or 2. More than that an you won't get a seat or be able to talk. The french egg dishes are amazing. Very authentic and nothing is better than a beer and savory crepe at 10am to wake up. Love this place.
Olivier the charming Gallic host does a superb job of making one feel totally at home and like a regular. And no other place else makes French-style burgers as exquisitely refined as "Mom's Place." The buckwheat crepes and les Croques Madame et Croques Monsieur are also standard greats.  The place is too small is my only criticism. Vive La France! Vive Chez Mama! Et bravo, Olivier et Laurent!p.s. We really miss you since you left Bernal Heights --- now we must commute all the way over to Potrero Hill!
My second kitchen! I always look forward to the nights when I don't feel like cooking or sitting at home waiting for delivery. Sure there's a chance that there will be a line but the food is definitely worth it. The guys at Chez Maman are really friendly as well. French friendly but friendly nonetheless. Simple menu and everything on there has been great so far.
Come here often with my man. Great service and great food. Better to come in on a weekday night so you don't have to wait long for table (they don't take resies).
This place is fantastic! It is super small and definitely not good for groups but if you are eating by yourself or with one other person and want to have a great French meal while sitting at a bar then this is your place.The whole restaurant is just the bar and one small table, for four people, to your right. When the weather is decent they have one or two tables outside as well. Their burgers and fries are amazing. We have also had brunch here a few times and everything was great.
Have you ever had friends put you on a blind date and they talk about her like she was gong li with a great personality, then when you meet her you go..... Uhhh ..... Right..... Anyways! So my Thai god sister invited me to brunch this past Saturday and she said come to chez maman, and after looking at the yelp reviews, 4 of of my friends gave glowing 5 star reviews. Looking good! So we ordered the lamb sausage, Salmon brunch, carbonara and flank steak. Lamb sausage Ehhhh..... Really dry. Next. Salmon was cooked well, but lacked flavor, and was such a small piece. The potatoes that came with the salmon had the skin on and was very crispy on the outside and soft inside, I love textures so this was my fav. Carbona was ok but way too much grease for my taste. And the flank steak. That was well cooked, didn't have any fancy sauce or toppings and that alone stood out. I love simplicity and letting the food speak for itself. Now don't get me wrong I love French food as much as my yelp friends, But they served burritos and tacos too???? I don't get it. Ok so in all not bad but not wow either. Like my blind date ill give you a second chance and have some other dishes that my friends were raving about. Next time, ill have some wine and maybe her personality will show. Well until then. Chow.
A gem! Definitely a meal we'll never forget. My fiance and I visited this restaurant randomly during our trip to San Fran. We found it on Yelp when looking for a good French restaurant in the area. We didn't know what to expect other than maybe a long wait because they do not take reservations. We were traveling and site seeing all day, so we were ready for an early dinner, showed up around 5pm and got a seat at the counter right away. The manager (owner maybe?) was gracious and quick to get us setup with menus and drinks. We got the Baked Onion Soup, Spicy Lamb Sausage, THE burger (do it!), and the vegetarian crepe. All were extremely delicious and very fairly priced. We got the Nutella and banana crepe (life changing by the way) and a couple of coffees for dessert. It was actually our most inexpensive meal during our entire three days in San Francisco. If you're looking to get out of the "touristy" traps in the city, this is the place to go!
I am taking back one star because the pommes frites were not as fresh (or nearly as delicious) as they were last time I went, and I have realized the burger bland-ness comes from the bread they use, which somehow soaks the flavor out of the rest of the ingredients in it. This time, I got the veggie burger, which contained some ratatouille stuff which, again, taken by itself was om nom nom. Also love their aioli!
Warm cozy little..and I mean little bistro. I've only eaten here for breakfast and I seem to be a consistent creature of habit...I forgot the french name for it, but it's with the poached eggs, swimming in a sea of creme fraiche with 2 toasted crostinis and a nice warm latte. The french got it good...I mean very simple ingredients, but so satisfying. Umm, can I say "Hello cholesterol and saturated fat?" Ask me if I care..because I don't!!!!
I've been to chez maman a bunch of times, but not in a while, until yesterday. stopped by for breakfast, but unfortunately got there too late for breakfast. luckily, they do serve croque madames and crepes for lunch too, so that's what we got. i actually prefer butler and the chef's croque madame, though.i've always liked chez maman, and their breakfast/brunch foods are so tasty. the place is miniscule, but i like the atmosphere. i love watching the staff cook right in front of you, it def gets real warm when the weather's nice and the stoves are up, but i don't mind. get a glass of something cold to drink! they don't have iced coffee, but the french waiter said he'd make me one anyway. yay!passed by chez papa and it looks like they have some nice prix fixe options for lunch. on the go-to list!
This place has never disappointed me. Chez Maman is a small intimate restaurant that serves up fantastic French dishes. Pork chops, steaks, paninis, sandwiches and probably the most wonderful french onion soup are among the delicious items on their menu. I never hesitate to find something to eat. Service is always friendly. I love the french gentlemen who usually is our waiter and I certainly appreciate his patience as I struggle with the correct pronunciation of some dishes.
that was the best burger i've had in a while. get it with gruyere! bonus points for the grilled bread and sauteed onions on the side! the fries were fresh and delightfully tossed with salt/greenery. what really impressed me was the coffee - my latte managed to stay hot throughout the meal and it had great flavor. i wonder what beans they use??if only the joint was a little bigger...luckily we didn't have to wait for seats! it's REALLY hot at the counter cuz you're right in front of the stove! good thing they're very attentive and always keep your water glass full.
I have, shall we say, a big problem. You see, I am a Crocque-o-phile. Which is not related to the crocodile. But I digress.I believe, sir, that the Crocque Monsieur and his rather more seductive wife, the Crocque Madame, to be the two highest contributions made by La France to the gustatory arts.Yes, I am serious. Quelle surprise, you say in alarm, but what about the pate, and the crepe, and the steak frites, and the cheeses, and the wine, and the sauces from their five mothers, eh? Sacre bleu and by that you do not mean fromage bleu, non?Pffffft, I say. Do as you wish with these other items, and might I add, Monsieur, that indeed I partake of the pleasure of the other items when appropriate, c'est normal, non?I maintain to you now, Monsieur, I maintain to you that the Crocque Monsieur with its bechamel and with its gruyere, with the delicate refined and yet still hearty taste of the jambon, residing as it does on the simple but entirely sustainable platform of the white sandwich bread, assembled properly and seduced into that most satisfying state of crunchiness and creaminess and richness and sweetness and savoriness and bliss, which we know as Le Crocque Monsieur, I say to you Monsieur that this is the finest gift that France has given to the tastebuds of mankind and indeed to his stomach. And his wife, the Crocque Madame, how could one dismiss or look askance at the addition of a fine rich oeuf on the top of the sandwich?  Do not speak further to me of other French foods, my friend, I know where I stand.So what is the problem? Both of these culinary angels reside and are available readily on the menu of Chez Maman, so I must therefore be delighted to be able to readily take the pleasure of their company at a mid-day a meal, non?Non.For you see, my friend, while I often covet with anticipation the thought of a silky, creamy bechamel-oozing Crocque Monsieur at Chez Maman, I have most unfortunately been seduced, sir. Seduced! Seduced away from my loyalty like a traitor, lured away from the allegiance to Les Crocques. I have been lured by that other finest gustatory gift to the world, this not from the French, but from the Americans. Yes, you see, though it is perhaps a most sordid confession to make sir, I have to tell you that I have never had the Crocque Monsieur or the Crocque Madam at this French place where they must shine like the lights of the Tour Eiffel. Non.Non, Monsieur, I have been seduced by the hamburger. The hamburger!The hamburger which, despite it's Teutonic name, is the gift of the Americans to our appetites. The hamburger with the goat cheese, Monsieur. With the lovely grilled bread. Yes, at Chez Maman they have done their best to make it a French affair, Monsieur, by embedding within the fine bouef a soupcon of fresh herbs, and by serving alongside it a salad typical of the cafes of France, and the goat cheese, sends a distinctly Gallic note, too, does it not?But I crave this burger, my friend, and despite my love for the Crocque Monsieur, I am at each visit to Chez Maman seduced by the hamburger. Think of me what you will, but I cannot help myself.Now, let us speak of other things.
"People on YELP love us"I just wasn't amazed. But I'll definitely go back to try a burger.I think my only problem was reading the menu. I'm just not savvy when it comes to French foods and there was at least one ingredient I couldn't recognize in the description of every single item on the menu.LOVED the service. Sally and I were the only ones in the restaurant until the end of our meal. (Mind you, we got there at 11:15--they open for lunch at 11am!) Apparently, they were voted by the SF Bay Guardian's Best of the Bay as the Best place to flirt with a French waiter. Agreed.Sally got some kind of delectable Bree panini and I got a crepe I was semi-satisfied with. I don't think I was in a great food mood, to be fair. The waiter asked if we would like fries with our order. I heart him for that. But, the fries weren't amazing, as I had hoped. They were good, though. Sally loved the aioli. I'm a ketchup person. They accommodated ;-)Note: This place is really small and narrow and most of the seats are high bar stool/chairs. A little outdoor seating. Not a great place for a large group.Like I said, I'm gonna try it again.
Their Steak with green peppercorn sauce is to die for!! Mussels in bacon, white wine and cream sauce - yes! How about my favorite chocolate mousse with chopped hazelnut that I can't skip no matter how full I am? yes! yes! and YES! Love this place! The only disadvantage is that it is pretty small, so I wouldn't go there on a Friday or Saturday evening, because I don't like to wait that long! But their food is AMAZING!
the burger is phenomonal. as are the fries
Great atmosphere, terrific food, awesome people. The porc chop was delicious, the camembert delightful. I would (and in fact do) highly recommend this place!
I went here for breakfast one morning. Four of us sat at the breakfast bar and ordered a variety.I don't get what the hype is about, I didn't taste anything that was remotely good. The burger was, at best, mediocre.... but barely, at that. The bread was rather bad - the meat was fresh but just really flavorless, and the condiments were unimpressive. The only good thing was that I asked for medium-rare expecting a medium, and they actually gave it to me near rare. For a hamburger, it's not what I would have preferred, but hey - - better rarer than overcooked in my opinion, and mouth. It's rare that I won't like a cheeseburger / hamburger.... but Chez Maman managed it somehow.The crepes I tried were decent, if I am to be generous. I've had better crepes elsewhere. Granted, I am not a huge fan of crepes in general, except maybe fruit crepes which I do enjoy once in awhile, but this was just not that great.Coffee was so-so... nothing I can't get at any other diner in SF and definitely sub-par for a "French-y" place.A three-star rating, I can understand, as this place has character (if quaintness is a characteristic quality), as does its menu (nice, french twist to it) - but the service isn't great, the food is "blaaaah" and there's just nothing notable about Chez Maman. Giving this place 5-stars?? I just don't get how. I mean, what is the criteria??This would easily be a neighborhood favorite as it is just that kind of a place with that type of an atmosphere), but for it to be MY neighborhood joint, there are only two pre-requisites, in addition to it needing to be in my 'hood. One is that the food has to be good. (Chez Maman fails to meet this criteria.) Two is that the coffee has to knock my socks off. (Chez Maman fails to meet this criteria.)In fact, I am not inclined to try out Chez Papa because I didn't like Chez Maman at all.Chez Whatever, Chez NO NO!!!
Late night bite. Open till 11 and starts to get busy around 9ish. Nicoise salad, grilled sandwiches, burgers, wine, good music, CREPES! My favorite pairing is having the nutella and banana crepe with a glass of the dark muscat. sooo sweeet... Usually Ill come for dinner. But whenever im in the area eating somewhere else, Ill come by for dessert. Small French "diner". When its nice outside you sit outside. Hopefully not at a table thats too slanted from the hill...
My butt has never smelled worse than it did after eating the baked camembert with roasted garlic. Thanks, Chez Maman! My fellow Muni riders thank you too, I'm sure.
Flat Iron Steak (FTW!)
I think this might actually be my favorite restaurant in SF.Totally low maintenance, casual setting but the decor and ambiance are totally chic and sophisticated. The space is small but they do a lot with it - there are a few tables in the front by the window, but I prefer to sit at the bar where you can watch the cooks preparing your meal. The bartender/ manager also works the room from the bar area, and he's awesome company. Because of the setting, I would recommend this place for an intimate get-together with a few people or a date, probably not the ideal place for a large party.The prices are seriously reasonable, and the food is rich, flavorfull, well-seasoned, and scrumptious! They also happen to make the best burger in the city (in my opinion, at least!) for just $10.50, and the dish comes with the best pomme frites ever. Also, you can pick from I believe four different cheeses, including bleu cheese, cheddar, brie, and swiss, my pick is the brie. Another favorite menu item is the mussels, which come in a sizable portion served in a creamy, garlicky, slightly citrusy broth. I recommend dipping the complimentary crusty french bread with the leftover broth! I also like the flat iron steak - totally seasoned to perfection, good size, and also comes with pomme frites.Believe it or not I haven't tried their desserts yet, but I plan on coming back next time and leaving room for dessert. I also plan on trying their breakfast menu, which starts as early as 6:30am in the mornin'!Reasonable prices, good company, cozy ambiance, amazing food - totally recommended!
Chez Maman is good.== Creative, delicous & pricy.== For 'just a (Great) burger (1/3 the price of Chez Maman)' on Potrero Hill try: (great service, no focaccia, no brie, no Arugula, and no french accent):Ganim's Market1135 18th St(between Mississippi St & Pennsylvania Ave)San Francisco, CA 94107(415) 282-9289
I can't believe it took me so long to find this place! Amazing food - we had the burger (sooo goooood) and the mahi mahi. The ambiance is really cozy and romantic - just go there, you won't be disappointed.
This place was recommended to the bf and me by a friend. We weren't expecting the restaurant to be so tiny, but it is. They have a small bar area which is most of their seating is located. It fits maybe about less than 10 people. They also have 2 small tables in front that fit 2 people each. And 2 small tables outside the restaurant. The bf and I were lucky enough to waltz in when they had an open table. I got the chicken panini, bf got the burger, and we shared a bowl of mariniere mussels with fries and the creme brle for dessert. The panini was amazing. The dipping sauce for the fries was also very good. (some type of cheese dip I think). The mussels were alright and so was the burger. Definitely try this place during hours when they are less busy.
I've eaten here twice. The first time I had a mediocre omelet but it was made to my specifications so it might have been my fault it wasn't good. My boyfriend's burger was tasty though, and he regularly touts Chez Maman as having the best burger in the city. We went back yesterday for said burgers which were tasty again and to start had a nice bowl of guacamole with chips (not so French) and a warm goat cheese salad I enjoyed a lot. What we haven't been enjoying is the projectile vomiting that began in the wee hours of the morning. Its the only place we've eaten together in the last 48 hours, every time I think of the burger I feel sick again, and our symptoms are the same. Its a clean, well kept place, and I'm sure this is an anomaly in their history, but I won't be going back no matter how good the burgers tasted the first time around. But I'll give them two stars for atmosphere, service and making it enjoyable on the way down.
Moules! Moules! Moules! Yummy burgers. HOT french guy behind the counter. what else do you need to make the perfect little bistrot?
I went into this place with one of the oddest hangovers I've ever had: a 30th birthday flavor-tripping extravaganza that saw me taking vinegar shots, eating lemon wedges three at a time, and drinking the vodka equivalent of prairie fires with glee. Then rounding out the night with a steady supply of Guinness. Suffice to say my stomach wanted to know: WTF?Enter my first visit to Chez Maman. I knew nothing of the bistro, save they have good hamburgers. And of course, I don't eat hamburger.What I do eat is French Onion soup, even if I have to pretend it's vegetarian. Their's was not as hot as it looked, but twice as tasty. Holy cow. That's good soup.But the pice de rsistance was the little cuppa heart attack that served as my entree. I don't remember the name, it's not on the website, but it is on the printed menu: poached egg with cream, cheese, and smoked salmon.This little ramekin of artery-clogging heaven was the single best dish I've had since my visit to the Moss Room. I would have licked the bowl if our seats weren't so conspicuous. And despite its tiny size, it and the bowl of soup kept me satiated for the 8 hours that followed.Oh, and it costs $6.50.The ladies liked their burgers, and Nick liked his sandwich. There's not a lot of seats, so keep your party to four or less. I think this would be a good place to take parents, although Nick didn't seem to think so. Parents, no parents, party of four or party of one: I eagerly await my return.
Good French-loving God, I love this place. Finally an eatierie smaller than the 26-seat I live and work at. My GF and I sauntered on in on a Thursday pm and sat at the lovely counter where we could watch the chef and sous work their magic. We ordered a crepe, a burger, and the salade au lardon, which was magical, simply magical. San Franciscans- this is one of the places (among many), where the food is worth the hour-long wait. The 60's french melodies accompanied my food beautifully, and I left feeling fully, satisfited, and happy. Thank god for this small, gorgeous french/mexican wonderland.
I was going to rate this a four star but after reading Mariko F.'s comment I added a star: "I'm going to subtract a star because the waiter (probably manager or owner or something) make a little grimace when my friend ordered her burger medium-well. Come on... don't judge how someone eats their burger! Where's the acceptance? This is San Francisco! :)"Puh-leeze. Try actually going to France and you'll get precisely the same response if you order anything well-done; you have to understand that to them it's the same as "cremated". So in this case, the exception proved the rule and demonstrated perfect French ambiance!The steak frite is as good as anything you've find in nyParisian cafe, possibly better than in a good restaurant in France; being in chic Potrero Hill and the usual free and easy-to-find parking, near Bloom's bar where you can sit in the back and get a great hilltop view of the city, not a bad destination.
the burger tasted more like a fancy sandwich; doesn't really go well with an ice cold beer, u know? pair with wine instead... still delicious though - kinda garlicky, strong herb/spice taste.but im from socal, and still prefer the cheapo in-n-out stuff, so honestly the burger kinda didnt work for me...HOWEVER, it was the first time i've ever tried a FRENCH ONION SOUP - wat an incredible discovery! soup deserves 5 stars alone...
portrero hill has such gem restaurants, and this place is a shining example!a very cozy spot - we walked in for seats at the bar monday night, and were treated to excellent burgers. i'll definitely come back again.
i don't know what authentic French food tastes like, but i know what tastes good. and THIS place has food that tastes really REALLY good ;)the baked camembert is the perfect combination with the roasted garlic on the side.
We went to Chez Maman last night for my birthday dinner. We didn't have to wait at all and were seated in a cute little table by the window. It is a very small space, so I wonder if we were really lucky. My sister wasn't a huge fan of the mussels (said they were too fishy), but we both LOVED the cheeseburger and fries. We got our burger with Brie on it (amazing!) and the fries were just perfect. The waiter also split it for us which was really nice. There was no rush at all; we totally took our time. It was a lovely dinner out in the city!
Pretty tasty, n'est pas, and the waitstaff authentically Francais, naturalement.When I ordered the Pinot, the waiter hissed "No no...try ze Guenoc, tres bien." Then I made the fatal error of asking for American fromage on my burger, and I thought he would merde his pants. "No no no..." Okay fine, I'll switch to roquefort. But seriously, why list these on the menu? Food delicious, but I could do without the 'tude.
How do you say divine en francais?I can't believe that it took me this long to visit this place. The burger is simply one of THE BEST BURGERS in the bay area! You will need to go there to believe it first hand.
I had the burger and it was really good. It's a tiny place but it was worth the wait. Everything on the menu looks amazing. Would love to come back again soon.
when you're craving cow, come here. I had the burger, medium rare w/ roquefort, I am still remembering the juicy, cheesy goodness. I love the light bread it's served on: it is the perfect amount of bread (i.e. not too much) and sops up the gooeyness.But, it while it was the burger I came for, I fell in love unexpectedly. It was the Onion Soup. I always thought I hated french onion soup. always too greasy, too cheesy, too salty. But my husband ordered it as an appetizer and within 2 bites, I am now a convert. It was perfect. Not too much salt, good amount of onions and bread. The cheese was broiled to perfection. I had no idea.
Why don't the French get fat? Maybe because they are the masters of mixing minimalism with impact. French: flavorful, thin burger. American: big, juicy burger that drips all over your hands and the sheer girth of which distracts you from truly tasting the burger itself. If you're any lover of pungent (aka stinky) cheeses, get some roquefort on your burger. With the burger and cheese placed under the broiler, it's the perfect sliver of this blue cheese, providing a bite and a kick that doesn't overpower. Their bread resembles ciabatta, rather than a bun - I found myself liking this quite a bit, more interesting for texture contrast. Let's make another comparison: frites (duh, they don't call them French fries in the francophone nations). French: at Chez Maman, they are very thinly sliced, resulting in a wonderful crunch and minimal greasiness. American: usually thick slices, which often results in a limp, soggy, and grease-soaked fry.Then there are crepes. Clearly, this is the French's territory. The chestnut crepe with whipped cream was delicious! Perfectly eggy and a tiny bit undercooked, just how I like it. Demonstrating moderation as the French do so well, the filling did not overwhelm the crepe, which was perfect in size for sharing with my hot date. Most importantly, Chez Maman stands out for its warm neighborhood feel and service. The manager guy made sure that our party of four could sit together in this *cozy* little place (there are two two-seater tables near the window and the rest of the seats are at the bar). Meaning, he asked a party of two if they could move down a couple of spaces for us. Gentille! And they were playing Portishead, which is pretty cool in my book.I'd love to come back to Chez Maman for a quiet lunch or dinner with a good friend, for some fine French bistro fare while pretending that we are two ex-pats in Paris. We would sip our cafe au laits (well ok, un the pour moi parce que je n'aime pas le cafe), reminiscing about the US and how we would be so fat if we were still there right now.
My husband and I tried Chez Maman for the first time today after I saw a review for them on PBS. I ordered the smoked salmon, dill, capers and creme fresche panini and my husband ordered the veal and mushrooms in white wine sauce. We also shared an order of the frites with the garlic aoli. Everything was really good. The portions were decent - not too large but a decent amount for the price. My husband's veal was wonderful and the panini was kick ass. However, the panini was a little on the salty side for me but I don't really like salt. The frites were good but not the best I have ever had. Afterwords we shared an order of creme brulee which was fresh and fantasic.The restaurant itself is a bit small. There are only two deuce tables and the bar. The wait can get pretty long. We got there around 4pm and just barely missed the rush. Even though it is small I think it suits the place. It is homey, not over commercialized, you get to watch your food being cook and the time it takes for the food to get to the table is mere seconds. Perfect in my book!!
I tried going to Chez Maman today. It was a busy day and I signed my name for 1. I patiently wait outside and I see two people enter and I am thinking maybe they didn't see the list? Maybe they are just going to ask a question? Then I see two people leaving and those two women taking their place. If I would have known that Chez Maman doesn't follow their procedures I would have waited inside. It is Chez Maman's responsibility to see if anyone is still on the waiting list and asking those two women if they were on the list.I have no patience for a restaurant does not follow it's own procedure for its customers. Operating a restaurant is paying attention to details and those details are what makes you; it is what makes people coming back for more. I am very disappointed that I was eclipsed intentionally and I will let others know.
Chez Maman is one of those no-frills dining experiences that you can't help but love. There's nothing exceptionally special about this small Portero Hill joint that sits no more than 15 people (translation: long waits on busy nights), but it's the mere simplicity of the place and food selection that draws me in.My BF and I were craving a low-key, inexpensive dinner involving some steak and fries, and so Chez Maman seemed like the perfect choice. Everything we ordered (2 appetizers, 2 entrees) were good but definitely on the heavy side, leaving us with no room for dessert. I don't think we'll go back often, but we'll be back when a craving for steak and fries, french onion soup or croque monsieur start kicking in. To avoid the wait, go after 8:30 on weekends.
AMAZING. The French Onion soup (when available) is delicious. The burger is fantastic. The mussels are even good and I hate mussles! LOVE this place!!
I had the craving for a hamburger so I came here with a friend after work.  Of course, luck would have it, the first thing the waiter told us was that they were out of hamburgers. Every time I've came to Chez Maman, I've had the hamburger, slightly seasoned with a delicious ciabatta like bun. What do I do now? I guess the next logical choice would be the flat iron steak with fries!  I was happy with the alternate dish. The steak was tender and slightly seasoned with a side of peppercorn sauce. It's not the best steak I've ever had, but it was pretty good. The fries were good as always. Afterwards, I figured since I already threw my diet out the window, I might as well get the creme brulee also, right? I'm glad I did, it was equally delicious. I would recommend splitting it with someone cause it's a decent size for a creme brulee.Overall, I think the food here is probably more like 4 1/2 stars, but with the excellent service from the wait staff, it deserves a 5. The only drawback to this place is that it's tiny so it can get crowded very easily but it's definitely worth it.
I can legitemately say that i can't spell the word "legit a mately" Anyway, this is my neighborhood spot, just around the corner from me is this small bastion of French bistroness. It reminds me of Le Gorille, the place I would ceremonious eat at each summer when I docked my boat in St. Tropez. No really though, do you like solid French food that's unpretentious? The burger is killer and the moules are the best I've had thus far in this city.It's got a long wooden bar you can eat at, and the stove keeps your face sun tanned in those sunless SF months (all 11.5 of them)A glass of red and burger with some brie, or go crazy and have roquefourt on it and you just might lose your senses and go straight to heaven (either from the heavenly taste or a cardiac arrest.) Small, intimate, romantic? (with the right date), friendly, familiar, etc. Non-locals step the fuck off.
This place was fun. Mainly bar seating so don't expect to fit a big group unless you want to wait days. Had the french onion soup which was cheesy goodness and not overly salty like it can sometimes get. My panini was great -- loved that they only use the crusty part of the roll and there was plenty of saucy goodness used to soften it up. The finisher was crepe suzette -- buttery citrus sweets lit on fire in front of you, can't ever go wrong with that.
Very yummy place! The head chef, Laurant, was so fun and accommodating. He was the head chef, server, and host, and he performed all three tasks wonderfully for our party of 5. It probably helped that we were are a party of five women and he was putting on his french flirty charm. My friends and I took his advice on the baked camembert and it was incredible as well as the burger and the mussels. The one reason why this didn't get a 5 star review was because my crepe was just, well, a crepe. Nothing special. And although everyone else gobbled down their meals I just kinda picked at mine. Oh well, the ambiance and the warmth of this place was phenomenal, and I will most likely be back for more and getting the burger this time.
Great place if you do not mind casual place where the food is cooked in front of you. Real gem! Menu is simple and flavours are great. Certainly much better than one could expect from such simple looking place. Mussels are gorgeous.
The oeufs cocottes with salmon and goat cheese brought me here years ago, and for as long as I could remember, that is all I would order. On a recent trip back to SF I ordred a burger, which was delicious. As were the fries. I think give a choice, I would still choose the oeufs cocottes as my last meal on earth. Brunch for two for under $25 with superb coffee? Thank you for existing.
This was a tiny place. We had to wait a bit to get seated. I think I would have preferred the bar seat instead of the table since it was pretty cramped. I think there was one helper for prep and one server. He did a great job though...very nice. We had the Savoyarde: bchamel sauce, tomato, proscuitto, brie. Then the Roasted Mahi-Mahi with garlic spinach and mango cucumber vinaigrette. For dessert we tried the creme brulee which was nice and warm and chocolate mousse still cool. The wait is definitely worth it. Ill be coming back to try the other stuff on the menu.
Chez Maman sounds like really fancy place, doesn't it? Well, in truth, it's a small, neighborhood cafe that seats only 14 people, and it's easy to see how this place could get packed during a rush. Most of the seats are at the bar, which gives diners an intimate look at how this place runs.I ordered a burger, my wife got the Crepe Savoyarde and Sooj ordered the Croque Madame. We also split an order of frites and a side of ratatouille. The cook was fast, efficient and truly a sight to see, working by himself to make all of our dishes with only seconds to spare before foods went from perfect to burnt. It went a little something like this:- Slap burger down on the grill- Drop frites in the fryer- Assemble Croque Madame, place in panini press- Move to crepe station and start the Crepe Savoyarde- Flip the burger- Flip the crepe- Pull frites out of fryer- Finish Crepe Savoyarde- Start egg for Croque Madame- Assemble and plate burger- Remove Croque Madame from panini press, top with egg- SERVE!Amidst all the action, I can't remember when the ratatouille made its appearance except when it showed up with the rest of our food. I'd never had ratatouille before, but after seeing the movie, I wanted to give it a try and was pleased to discover that it's a very simple and hearty dish.Frites were perfect. If you've had perfect frites then you know what I mean.My burger was really good. I had it with swiss and bacon, and the combination was pretty amazing (but then again, in my book, it's really hard to screw up a bacon cheeseburger.) I'm not normally big on round burgers on square bread, but the bread was pretty damn good. It did start falling apart at the end, but I didn't really mind.My wife's Crepe Savoyarde was cooked perfectly and you can't really go wrong with a tomato, bechamel, prosciutto and brie filling.I'm really big on fried eggs in (or on) sandwiches, so when I saw Sooj's Croque Madame, I got really jealous. A sunny egg tops a ham-and-cheese sandwich on pain de mie that's pressed like a panini to get those appetizing grill marks. It was beautiful. Apparently it's so good that it's the only thing Sooj has ordered here. I'm definitely getting this next time.We finished off the meal with some great, perfectly cooked sweet crepes. Sooj got the Crepe Tatin (carmelized apples with creme chantilly) and ours was filled with Berries and Creme Fraiche.Chez Maman may not look like much when you first walk in, but grab a seat at the bar so you can witness and taste the magic.
If you want food that is cooked by someone who truly shows he loves it this is the place. The tight seating inspires rapport which which is always friendly. The soup of the day never fails to be amazing and merguez anything is guaranteed satisfaction. The finish is the two choice beers on tap.
Burgers have had a long, proud, American lineage; we have dressed them in cheddar cheese, decorated them with sesame buns, maybe slip a pickle or two upon their crown.But, no more. The French have managed to take our proud burgers and with no remorse, turned them Francophile.Is this a transformation I can approve...?...YES.I have learned from Chez Maman that a sweet baguette is probably one of the best ways to enfold a burger, that burger meat need not be just a charred lump but a tender, well seasoned, delicious patty, and it's okay to have soft sweet grilled onions and dressed fancy greens. This looked pretty, but it was pretty fantastic, too. It's not necessarily the best burger I've had, but it is very, very good. I love the thin fluted frites as a side, and wish I had gone for the extras: egg, bacon, a little Roquefort...It is a bit pricier, at about $12 for a basic burger, including tax and tip, but would come here again as my pre-Bottom of the Hill place to dine.
Well, I didn't get the mussels (I'm still recovering from yesterday's bad mussels at the Franciscan. :( ) , but I did have the pork chop and Brussels sprouts. And boy, did they do their pork chop and Brussel sprouts right!  Very flavorful. The pork chop is juicy. The Brussel sprouts is cooked with bacon (with its bacon greasy goodness!!! :-P~~ ) I also figured out that other slightly starchy but nicely sweet item that came with the sprouts is APPLE!!! YUM!!! I'm happy to raise their score by one star! (Yeah, it's THAT good!!! Of course, I won't tell my dietitian if you don't... ;-) )I still wouldn't recommend getting the soda, just out of principle of how much I feel sodas should be charged. But the owner guy is definitely nice and I did appreciate that he didn't give me attitude about ordering "just water." My hubby LOVED the garlic aioli that goes with his fries!!! :)And yes, this is definitely a small groups (no more than 4) type of restaurant!!! (Hmmmm? This is a plus for me as well since it means I won't have to worry about someone bring their crying/whining/screaming 2 year old brat into the place b/c it's just too small to fit in a high chair.) :)I will be back again when I'm in the 'hood! :D
I love it when a holiday falls in the middle of the week. It's the perfect opportunity to "indulge" oneself for an extended period of days. After two Yelp events, 4th of July pool party, and a serious case of sunburn; a lazy foggy saturday afternoon was the prescription I needed. But a man cannot live on bad television alone.After searching the talk threads for "hamburger", I ended up at Chez Maman in Potrero Hill. Believe the hype. I had a burger on a fresh baguette with roquefort and bacon that confirmed my belief in a higher power...the power of DELICIOUS! 5 stars.Today is sunday and I'm praying to another higher power. The power of LAUNDRY. All Hail the Snuggle Bear God. My benevolent master.
A teeny tiny postage stamp of a place with the liveliest guy serving the counter and wonderful French food.I've been looking for a place that fits my idea of perfect casual French food. The menu would have to include my standard items such as a good Tuna Nicoise salad, Croque Monsieur and Croque Madame, pomme frites. Ideally, prices would be moderate and friends would accompany me for relaxed meals with good converation.My meal here on Friday matched the criterion perfectly. The Croque Madame I ordered had rich bechemal sauce that complimented the crispy bread perfectly. How could I even describe the joy of a Croque Madame...ham meets egg meets bechemal meets griller...the joy is in a sandwich with several textures and blending of rich and simple ingredients. Yet, this fortuitous layering, and then bringing together by grilling, of such basic ingredients creates a warm, comforting sensation in one's mouth. For me, a Croque Madame is comfort food.I came here along with a friend but also to meet somebody who had worked in the book industry. As happens with book industry people, conversation about books and gossip about people we knew in common swamped the conversation. There was talk about certain rare first editions, about Norman Mailer when he was writing his book on Lee Harvey Oswald, the chaotic messy bookshelves of the Strand in NY. In between, we tried not to bore the friends who had not worked in the book industry. When I had my first bite of my dessert crepe with chestnut spread, I wanted to get down on my knees and thank the funny and chatty waiter...finally, a San Francisco restaurant that understands that crepes are not meant to be overstuffed. Instead, the crepe should be a happy marriage of thin, light crepe with a thin consistent layering inside, then folded...and such was served to me at Chez Maman. The beautiful crepe had an oval dollop of perfectly whipped cream that melted oozingly onto the crepe. This meal will always rank high in my memory both for the food and the conversation. Yet, while the two will coexist in my memory and color my happy thoughts of Chez Maman, Chez Maman is deserving of five stars for their food and their charming casual atmosphere. I hope to be back often._____I am so lucky: Chez Maman two weeks in a row. Arnold G. called me; he and his wife were in town due to the Yelp Elite event and wanted to know if I was up for dinner at Chez Maman. I couldn't help it...I had to get the Croque Madame again. We learned from the friendly waiter that their bread is specially made. And second time around was even better. Arnold cut a piece of his hamburger off for me: very delicious. If I can stop eating their Croque Madames, I will try it out. They put a very generous heaping of cheese on their hamburger. And it's wonderful with the bacon which is perfectly cooked with a wonderful smoky flavor.Dessert: crepe with apple. And I realized why their cream was so wonderful....it's chantilly cream. If you haven't been, you must. You will regret it if you don't.______Update again:I have to give some love to their burger. I got the burger, medium rare with Roquefort and bacon along with Chimay. Turns out it's our waiter's favorite meal as well (Chimay and all). He has good taste. That burger is terrific. Wow. I am so happily stuffed. We ended our meal by sharing a crepe suzette. And let me emphasize yet again: I am soooooooooooo happy to find a place that makes a genuine French crepe.This place is quickly becoming my favorite SF restaurant.
I know I rate a bunch of places rather high but Chez Maman holds a special place. When I first moved to SF I live in Potrero Hill and this was the first restaurant I visited fro dinner. I was pleased! Small, quaint, warm spot that took me back to some places I remember in Paris. We sat at the bar which oversees an open fire kitchen allowing us to view the chefs preparing our dinner. The food was out of this world and the wine exceptional. I am a huge fan and have been back quarterly.
Gourmet burgers! Even paired with a nice glass of wine... Sitting on a barstool... While your food is prepped and grilled right under your nose! Lines go out the door! Parking is a little rough but so worth it! Are you kidding me?!... haha LOVED it!
Food is not bad but not the best I've ever had. Service was good though.
just up the hill from the office. it might have to be a new lunch regular spot. I enjoyed the small restaurant set up and pulling up a seat at the bar where i was able to see everything being cooked from my seat.The brie proscuitto crepe was excellent. It melted in my mouth.
I guess we were lucky! We just walk in and there were two seats waiting for us at the bar!I usually don't like to eat at the bar only because I am not tall and most of the seats are uncomfortable , but this is not the case! The food was really good, I had the mixed salad with goat cheese and the veal with mushrooms and wine sauce. The host was really nice and polite and he did not serve us in a rush. I love to have some time in between dishes.A plus, the music, good music and not loud to the point you can not talk.I will go back as I did not have enough appetite to try the dessert. :)
Possibly the best french fry in all of San Francisco.I love the atmosphere. Perfectly simple green salad with minimal dressing. On my most recent visit I also had the burger, which was good, but not as amazing as the fries.
I would die happy if this were my last meal.
I'd wanted to check the place out for a while - it's got a little reputation out there. However, I'm giving it three stars because everything we had was good, but not great, and I wasn't really feeling the 'cozy' get-up.The restaurant - I'm not even sure I would call it that because it is basically a kitchen with a counter - is teeny-tiny, there is a bar and two tables. Because you are in a super small room, the temperature inside must have been in the mid-80's - stuffy and warm, not so good.We sat outside on the sloping hill where there were two tables set up. I faced down the hill and thought, if this chair had wheels I would be FLYING down 18th street right now - it's too steep of a grade for outdoor dining.We ordered a $30 bottle of South African Sauvignon Blanc, which wasn't that great - too acidic, bummer. Our food was pretty good, but not anything special - proscuitto panini, croque madame, and a side of frites.I can see how this is a cute neighborhood joint, but honestly I don't think it's worth going out of your way for.
I f-ing love merguez, so much so that I told my friend that took me to Chez Maman that I wanted "something without meat," but when I say that word "merguez" giving me that come hither look, how the hell was I gonna resist?And the joint is so French (in a good way.)
This place definitely hits the French bistro nail on its head, complete with accented wait staff. The food is dependable neigborhoody fare. The wait staff (there are just 2 or 3 guys who are always there) are always friendly and treat all comers as neighborhood locals. If you are dinning alone they are always willing to chat it up. Although not bad, I would skip the entres and stick with salads, burgers, and crepes, which are excellent  My two favorites are the burger and the chicken and mustard sauce crepe. The burger is a very generously sized patty served on a split roll with the usual veggies and an aioli. I'd get it with either the roqufort or the brie. The clincher is the roll. It's always very fresh, lightly toasted, and soft enough to soak up the burger juice and aioli. Yummy!  I always get the fries on the side. They are the thin bistro style fries. Make sure to ask for the garlic aioli as a dipper. At Chez Maman sitting at the bar is your best bet. Frankly, unless one of the two two-person tables happens to open up, it's your only bet. At the bar you can watch the cooks work their magic. These guys are like a well oiled machine. That said, if you have more than two people it is very likely that you will be stuck waiting for enough adjacent empty seats to open up, even on otherwise relatively quite weeknights.
Gorgeously French! This place is all about the food, and the food never disappoints. I've eaten here on many occasions and have had everything from the salmon to the crepes via a burger or two. Gold star #1 - I have never had to add salt to anything served to me here, the general way in California is to not season anything and then make loud comments to anyone who dares to add it to their meal how it is going to kill you. This little bon mot is generally dispensed to you by someone who just spent the weekend shovelling a different kind of salt into their system and not orally but I digress. Chez Maman seasons in the cooking process so you don't have to. And no, it will not kill you.Gold star #2 - The proprietor is so fantastically French, from the Gallic shrugs to the conspiring grins when you order something and then pair it correctly with the wine. He has no qualms about looking openly disgusted if you try and order a Cabernet with the Salmon and will ultimately refuse to serve something that offends his finely tuned sense of gastronomy. Just go with it I say, the French invented cuisine so they do have a god given right to tell you how to eat it and in this case, he is right. Always.The wait for a table can be a little annoying but the culinary goodness that exists once you get seated makes it worth the wait.Pick of the bunch for me is the steak frites.
I visited for brunch with friends. All 6 of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals which included both sweet and savory crepes, eggs poached in cream with pesto and toast (mine, yum!) and a banana & nutella crepe for dessert.  I will definitely be back for more.Know that when you sit at the counter, the stove is a mere 5 ft from you. After the hike up Potrero Hill, the last thing I wanted to do was sit next to a huge scorching hot oven. After a couple glasses of ice water, it wasn't so bad, but definitely something to consider.
Haven't written a review in months, but I thought it was necessary to give Chez Maman its due props on the French Onion Soup. Instant classic.
Best Burger Ever!!!! and the onion soup was simply irresistible!!!
So every now and then something happens that is so infuriating that you just need to yell it out to the world. Joining my 575 fellow reviews, mostly glowing, let me tell my story. This place always has a line but tonight for some reason, no line except the place is full. No problem, I wait for 10 minutes, two seats opens at end of bar, a party of three is before me but nowhere to be found, so I get seated. Great right? Then I'm a French guy, I presume the owner, comes over and says, "uh, there are three people in front of you so you may not be able to sit here", goes outside and then a moment later comes in and says, "you have to eat quick since 3 people are waiting for a table, ok??". Normally I'd tell him to f$*k off then one star the place but this is Chez Maman after all, and I have a hankering for moules frittes.Make a long story short, after what I consider very mediocre moules (you want good moules, go to Bouwers in Fremont, Seattle - absolutely phenomenal) the list outside grows to two parties of two. Now I can understand getting pushy to have me leave but after waiting for at least five minutes for my empty plates to be collected, in the space of literally, 20 seconds the check comes, my table gets wiped, water taken away, check picked up (even though I haven't touched it yet), AND two ladies are brought in to sit down. It was absolutely nuts, I felt dirty - just used and dirty is the best way to describe it. So, two stars it is, I'm not even sure why I gave it any stars - it was likely just the smell and sight of those desert crepes that I got to admire as the door was hitting me in the ass. Oh well.
Had great brie burgers!
Mediocre. Don't get the hype. Nice little counter restaurant in the hood. French onion soup watery but passable. Lukewarm. Burger just a burger. I rarely eat burgers so I'm sure it's hella lot better than a fast food version - but it's no different than one would make at home. Fries are the nice bistro style shoestrings but I watched the indifferent chef toss already cooked batches back in the fryer to heat them up for service.
Croque Madame. Delicious.
I love this place. The crepes are just right (try the complete for lunch/dinner or the berry dessert crepe for breakfast). And the server will tell you funny stories (and only correct your pronunciation if you look at him like a question mark while ordering). I'm ambivalent about the french fries but all my friends like them. And the side of black beans with chorizo is really good and enough to feed a very small horse. There's minimal seating, but it's perfect for 2 or 3 people who aren't in a big hurry.
The restaurant is small, with only counter space and 2 (slanted bc it's on a hill) tables in front of the restaurant. I've been there on 2 separate occasions, on a Friday and Sunday, and seating usually takes ~10 minutes.When coming to Chez Maman, try the delicious burgers and savory panini's. This place is known for their burgers, and I must say... the burger I had was very delicious. Also, another thing to try is a panini. The bread on the panini's are so crispy/ crunchy while the inside is soft and chewy. I think I had the prosciutto one, which was very good. I also had several salads here, and they were all very good.I will definitely be coming back to Chez Maman! I only gave it 4 stars because of the size of the restaurant; the quality and taste of the food is really up there!
This review is for Chez Maman's brunch.In the spirit of trying something new, we ventured out to Potrero on a typical SF summer morning, cloudy and chilly in the low 60s. The counter seats and the one-man waiter were all very cute and reminiscent of old fashioned diners. Until the waiter objected my crazy attempt to order a sweet crepe with my savory breakfast item: "We'll deal with desserts later, eh?"But don't you know the best breakfast is to be eaten with a bite of savory egg dish followed by a bite of maple syrup drenched pancake? And I thought the French version of it would be having my egg poached in cream with prosciutto and Nutella crepe side by side... What do you have against it, Mr. waiter?So my egg (or eggs) poached in cream was heavenly for the first, well, 5 spoonfuls. It tasted like clogged arteries paradise, part creamy soup lovely, part egg white soaked in fat delicious. Then I suspected if my blood pressure started to rise, too, as each bite tasted heavier with salt. I at best finished 2/3 of it. And couldn't imagine stuffing my face with a sweet crepe at that point.    Company with had an omelet, which according to him, tasted like an omelet, so no biggies one direction or another.I wouldn't mind checking out the dinner some time though for now, the brunch is about 3.5 stars.
Fabulous. I was reluctant to try, thinking it would be too pretentious, but I was wrong. The service was warm and friendly, and the food was delicious. I'd recommend the endive salad with pears, walnuts and warm goat cheese.Seating is at the counter or two small bistro tables. It can get crowded, but will be worth the wait.
This is one of my favorite French restaurants to dine at! I went with my bestie on Friday night for an early dinner, and we didn't wait that long even though Chez Maman is super tiny. We were lucky to get a table by the window instead of the counter, which looked really cramped. We ordered the French Onion Soup, which was HEAVENLY! It was soooooo gooood, better than the one from Campton Place. The cheese wasn't overwhelming and the broth was so smooth. Another appetizer we ordered was the escargots which was in shell. My bestie isn't into eating snails, but I am and it was buttery parsley perfection. Our appetizers also came with a side of crisp baguettes, which were perfect with the escargot sauce. The only thing I wished the escargots had were more garlic.For the entrees, I ordered the Croque Madame which is a croque monsieur with an egg on top and my bestie ordered the Roasted Mahi-Mahi with garlic spinach and mango cucumber vinaigrette. My croque madame came with a side salad, which was just spring mix with a vinaigrette. The cheese they used for the croque madame was the same cheese they used in the French Onion Soup (I'm guessing is Gruyere), and it was pretty good. I'd have to say the Croque Monsieur/Madame at the Butler and the Chef Bistro in South Park is better because it was a lot cheesier and creamier (theirs is made with emmenthal and creme fraiche). My bestie's mahi-mahi was kind of dry, but she raved about the mango cucumber vinaigrette, which was more of a tomato-less salsa. Her garlic spinach was really good too. Overall, the food is great and their service is pretty good. Only con is that the place is really cramped, but that is what makes the place endearing and charming. Next time, I definitely want to try their fish burger!
The previous owner has moved back to France, but thank God the new owner has kept the same menu! The basic burger is to die for, along with the garlic fries and aioli. I swear, I could eat the aioli alone. Good wine and beer selection, the chicken panini is awesome, the salads are great, and they give generous portions of brie and bread. What more can a girl ask for?
I live right around the corner, and I'm a regular.I guess what I'm saying is, Chez Maman is not really big enough for the rest of you, so stay away. She's mine.Cozy is not even the word. There are maybe eight seats along the counter, plus four more at two tall tables by the window. On nice days, there are 4-6 more chairs outside at a few very tilted and tippy tables on the steeply graded sidewalk. It's an adventure to watch your wine glass contend with the angle.I almost religiously start with the baked camembert and roasted garlic appetizer (with a beer of course), although sometimes a tempting new soup introduces itself. Then maybe a burger - with roquefort cheese and bacon if I had the camembert starter, otherwise brie. The waiter will cruelly ask you to choose between an accompaniment of fries or a small salad. The devil on one shoulder and the angel on the other. This is not even a dilemma. Chez Maman's fries are worth some time in purgatory.If you're man enough, then order the croque madame. Men have a problem with this for some reason. But think of it as... oh why am I helping you? If you have croque madame issues, then you don't belong in San Francisco.Their crepes are the other reason to go back. Savory and sweet expertly prepared by real French guys.Ooh la la Chez Maman, you are my little mistress.
What an adorable little spot in Potrero Hill. It's tiny and a bit cramped, and you're golden if you score one of the two tables by the window at the front. (Although, the counter seats aren't so bad either.) My burger and french fries with aioli sauce were tasty, and the warm goat cheese salad is a winner. The nutella and banana crepe was standard (though probably not worth $7...).
Love the food and the wait staff; both are authentic French! Brunch is always delicious and their moules frites is to die for... I had a fantastic pinot gris the other day and must go back soon for another glass. There may be a line when you go, but it's absolutely worth the wait.
Small place, mighty food. I love the vibe here. Small and cosy, this place so satisfies my craving for good counter-sitting-spaces. There is nothing like watching the cook/bartender/pastry chef /garde manger do their magic while I sit and enjoy the fruits of thir labor.  (The venerable Fleetwood Diner in Ann Arbor, MI is the BEST for this).The staff is knowledgeable, and friendly without that cloying West Coast I'll-be-your-best-friend-for-the-length-of the-meal nonsense . The waiter seemed have the just right about of Frenchiness (whatever that may be), and the cook behind the counter appeared to kick some very serious ass on the Line, under any and all conditions on the Floor.Decor and service aside, its the food that really stands out here. The Croque Madame is very well executed; good ingredients and broiled all nicely so the cheese on the outside is all toasty brown . The attractively plating helps to enjoy what is really just a rather expensive grlled ham and cheese. But then, the ones I make at home don't taste like this one. The burger (admittedly a weird choice for a French place, I think), was a really welcome surprise. I was Jonesing for a burger one day, and thought: "what the hell". I was more than not disappointed.. it was one of the finest burgers I've had in a long while. The beef was excellent, and correctly cooked to order (thank the gods, at last!), and the bread, which is often the weakest link, was a delicious frenchy-style ciabatta with a good crust. I had it with the funkiest cheese they offered - I forget which it was now - and a mess of frites on the side. Simply put - it all rocked. The Kronanburg was reasonably priced, and well presented in an actual Kronanburg glass.  Haven't tried the wines yet, but a glance at the list looks like a well balanced selection. I've had a lot of other dishes -- all very good to excellent --but I can't remember any on them now , cuz its lunch time and my mind has locked on to the memory of the Croque Madame. Yum...... One down side: them Peninsula people come up on Friday/Saturday nights and clog the place up, so expect a wait. A well worth wait.
A friend of mine recommended that we meet here for lunch. Programmed the GPS and headed to Potrero Hill, I'd never been to this part of town and was pleasantly surprised.This place is tiny and I'm amazed at how the staff can cook and maneuver in such small quarters. It was cool watching the cooks make crepes and are they ever tasty. I ordered the Chicken Panini with fries and it was so good. The fries remind me of a slightly larger version of potato sticks and were they ever delicious. I also got the tatin for dessert, it's crepes with roasted, caramelized apples with fresh whipped cream. Superb!The staff was really nice and the place was always full, so plan accordingly.
Cute little place with little seating, but the food is good and authentic. I had a crepe with bechamel sauce, tomato, proscuitto, and brie. Good stuff. My friend had the vegetable soup and vegetarian crepe. Also not bad. You do need to show up either early or late. If you go during rush, you won't find a seat. But if you know that neighborhood, it's the same for all the restaurants on that strip.
My redhead took me on a surprise date here last night. Embarrassing to say, but I had not heard of this place and I consider myself a walking encyclopedia of good burger places in SF. It is an adorable restaurant, I found myself thinking that it was the kind of place that we would find ourselves loving if we were on vacation in another city, just by looks alone. We would walk by it (this is my daydream while we were waiting for a table) and say, wow, that place looks so cute, and it is likely a hidden gem in this super cool vacation city, I bet the locals eat here all the time. It was 7:30pm on a Wednesday, and the wait was medium. We waited probably 20 minutes. Not so bad, but kind of brutal when the last thing you ate was a bowl of Peanut Butter Puffins at 12:30pm. Honestly, if more places had the option of throwing glass back a glass of wine while you wait, life would be so much better. Anyway, this place is super tiny, only a couple of tables and a long bar of seats. We got a table, and something I did note was that the very charming, sweet waiter greeted what appeared to be very good friends of his about 5 min after our arrival. He still sat us first, and I was thankful for this as I was worried I was going to have to be assertive, which is not fun when you are hungry. So we ordered a bottle of Zin, the delicious warm cheese/garlic deal and a burger (topped with avocado and roquefort) to share. Very, very good, all of it. And we were stuffed. Service was fast. Pretty reasonable prices. All in all, a great date night. I will definitely be back.
I ordered a panini with brie and prosciutto. I highly recommend! The panini was toasted and prefectly crispy. The brie just melts into your mouth yummmm. I also love that they cut the sandwich and place it so looks like a heart. It is a cute little place. Not very many tables mostly bar seating so ladies don't bring your nice pretty purses unless you don't mind putting them on the floor. Definitely coming back and trying a burger next time, and then a crepe at the following.
Be ready to wait...but it is worth it. I like the coziness and watching them cook my meal. The burgers are the best in town! and the french onion soup is not to be missed. The only problem is having enough room left for a crepe for dessert!
Chez Maman is always worth a trip to San Francisco. You can't beat their French Onion Soup with Mussels and Fries! Combine that with it having a small authentic bistro feel all in a great neighborhood and I'll gladly wait for a spot to open at the counter.
Not that impressed!  Sorry to be a bucket of complaints but.... The chicken burger I had was kinda bland, the place was cramped, even for a slow day, the service was nothing to remember and I got food poisoning. boo. Maybe one day I will gain the courage to give them another chance.
My boyfriend and I have been coming back to this place probably once a month for the past couple of months and he can't stop talking about it.I took him there because I wanted to try it, and it seems as if he fell in love with it more than I did!Both times we went for lunch right before the lunch rush, so the restaurant was empty, but was filled by the time we left. It's extremely small with less than 10 seats at the bar, two tables on the inside that both seat just two diners and two tables outside, seating for two at each table.However, you really get a chance to see your food get cooked right before your eyes, so I suggest sitting at the bar. Although you may feel the heat from the grill, it's all worth it when you get to watch!The French host (I should get his name) is extremely nice and inviting. The first time we went I had the grilled salmon with garlic roasted potatoes and herb creme fraiche. The next time I went, I had the pork chop and brussels sprouts--which I substituted for garlic mashed potatoes--with an apple cider mustard sauce.My favorite thus far has go to the be pork chop. It was not dry at all and the apple cider mustard sauce really gave it a good flavor.Next time I'm going to try the burger that everyone keeps talking about: Basic burger with roquefort and bacon (the French guy's favorite?!!).
Ok so my friends and I were craving some reasonably priced French Food that's authentic and good, we hit the jackpot. I've never eaten snail before, but I discovered if you cook it with pesto, ill eat a donkey's privates with it. The Escargot was to die for. I ordered a crepe, which had prosciutto and brie. The funny thing is I was always full from the french onion soup, another great dish, but the crepe was sooo good I couldn't resist eating it all. The server was friendly, and I wasn't appalled by the check. I guarantee this place to anyone that hates American junk food like me aha.
Chez Maman is still, and will always be one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I love the mussels, burgers, and the flat iron steak. They are always consistent. Love this place!
The food here is good French fare, tasty, plenty of butter, but the highlight is the crepes! These are hands-down the best crepes I've had in SF, and I'm a big fan of crepes! It's a small space, which feels intimate and fun, but don't go with more than one other person.
Last time I went to Chez Maman, I decided that the waiter (owner?) is awesome. He parlay-voos just the right amount of French to make you feel a little lame for not speaking fluently, but flattered that he thinks you might understand him. The guys who work the grill are artists, and you get to watch their every move from your perch at the counter. The French pop music they usually play in there really makes the mood.The burgers are fantastic, the crepe complete is perfect, the fries are skinny in that pomme frite way, and the salad is always just right with not too much dressing. It's a weensy place, though. So be prepared to wait on line or go off-hours.
You can reverse any stress with the following: - Laurent's demeanor- Basic Burger w/roquefort, medium rare- Fries- BordeauxBest burger in San Francisco, hands down. Easy parking, might be a little wait.
So apparently I have been missing out on this place... I have walked right by both locations and never gave them a try. Boy, am I happy some friends knocked some sense into me! We had the camembert and the harissa appetizers which we all really enjoyed. The veggie burger was outstanding as well as the fries with the aioli. On top of all that, they have sooo many amazing options: brie, goat cheese, bacon (for you meat eaters), etc to top it off.An awesome experience: Great food, good ambience, but slightly outta the way...
Everything on the menu is fabulous. I dream about the burger at Chez Maman and I've never found one that matched it in flavor. The paninis are great, the crepes are great, the steak is great. I used to live down the street, so I've eaten here a lot. I miss it.
I went in with the intention to try the burger. The burger, which was of the chicken variety, almost put me into a delicious food coma. i have never had a better burger in all my life, that's right. The French can't make burgers but these Frenchmen and their mexican cook can stir up an orgasm on a plate and with a Kronenberg in the other hand I can easily make this place my last meal on earth. The place is tiny but I was lucky to find a spot where i could sit and enjoy my meal. If I lived closer and it wasn't on a hill i would probably be here on a weekly basis. A wonderful addition to the Potrero Hill hood but I hope you expand!! (hint hint: the mission)
Great brunch place...I liked the potatoes they served with the eggs. The service is quick and friendly. The setup is cool - it's like a food bar, where you can see your food being prepared right in front of you. The french onion soup seemed to quite popular.
It was really good . . . not amazing!Recently reviewed on "Check Please Bay Area" and like us, there were many first timers. (Sorry locals, we know you hate when we do this). We arrived shortly after 5pm on a Sunday, and had a 30 minute wait for a seat at the bar. It was cold outside, so the warmth of the bar felt great . . . not sure how you could eat here on a warm day.I had the burger with goat cheese. Very good, and I really appreciated the bread . . . I hate when you have a burger pared with miles of bread. My co-diner (Husband - Yeah we support prop. 8) had the pork chop with brussel sprouts. Service was efficient, though understandably a bit harried due to the higher than usual number of patrons. Everything was good.Enough variety on the menu that I will go back, even though the space is smaller than what I find comfortable.
The boyfriend and I wondered in by chance after we couldn't get a table at Goat Hill pizza and it's become one of our favorite spots in the city. It's very small (so you may not be seated right away) and you can sit at one of two high tables by the window or at the "bar" looking right at the stove. It probably seats no more than 20 people at a time, but we've never waited more than 10 minutes. The cozy atmosphere and fantastic food makes it a great date spot and a fantastic but more affordable alternative to chez papa, around the corner.The first time we went we ordered the baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points ($7.50) and the N.Y. steak with french fries and green peppercorn sauce ($18 and worth every penny). It was beyond delicious. Although there are so many other great looking things on that menu, we couldn't help ordering the same thing the next time we were there, and we were not disappointed. Too bad it isn't a little closer, but even if you don't live in potrero, the trip there is worth it. Would be a great first date spot, or, like it did for us, it'll become "our place."
Chez Maman in Potrero Hill is awesome. I've only been once because this place is always so crowded. It's a COZY little hole-in-the-wall restaurant, with two tables for two inside and a long bar that sits about 8. That's it for inside seating. There are two additional tables outside, seating two people each. I went on a frigid night, meaning the outside seating was open. SCORE. So we just ordered some hot soup (roasted garlic tomato...which was phenomenal) to keep us warm until the food came. I ordered a chicken burger, which was delicious and FILLING. The service was quick and the waiter french and very friendly. I deducted one star just because this place is SO SMALL that the thought of trying to get in gives me a little anxiety. I'm sure that eventually I'll gather the courage and eat there again.
I've never really ventured out to the Potrero Hill area before, and the only 1 time was to go to whisper at my friends suggestion...and that turned out to be a huge mistake. So when I was driving down to this area, I was a little more than skeptical about restaurants in an industrial area. Where the hell was my friend taking me.After backtracking a bit, circling around, I finally find 18th and Connecticut. Chez Maman is a hole in the wall...literally. It's just a counter that probably seats about 8-10, and 2 small tables stuffed by the window. Don't let this turn you off though, because the food and service is amazing. The best I can describe this mouth-watering hole in the wall is just amazing french comfort food. They had the burgers where you can choose what you want in it, including brie and egg! and the simple crepes, to the entrees like porkchops with an apple sauce and skirt steaks. I got the french onion soup to start, which was quite filling, and the burger with brie, bacon and egg. The burgers come on rolls, so don't expect the typical american burger setting. Everything was delicious...it was exactly comfort food. The host was engaging and friendly in a rude way only french people can do. This is a great local diner.
Chez Maman is a classic neighborhood restaurant. It is cozy, not terribly efficient, but the restaurant staff are very friendly, and - as the name implies - the food is not glitzy, but it is what you would expect to get at your mom's house: a quality home-made meal. Apparently, it's known for its burgers, but I personally enjoyed all three of the dishes my dining companion and I ordered: the mussels, beef, and crepes suzette for dessert. Visit its cousin (or husband) Chez Papa up the street for a bit more of a fine dining experience.
Delish! Had the burger with melted gruyere, and it was so yummy. It was terribly messy though and I ended up with melted gruyere on my dark purple dress - so I don't look as cute as I did before my visit to Chez Maman. Also, was a bit spendy - 1 burger, 1 nicoise, 1 large fizzy water, 1 side veg was $40! ouch.
Burgers, done right. Fries, friggin awesome. Poached egg on the frisee salad; best in the city. (sampled on three separate occasions to confirm). I've had the salmon crepe - that's delicious, too.I'm drawn to this place every time I drive through Potrero - I simply have to stop, just as I did, today. This is the burger worth the sweat on a hot day.
The hubby and I love, love, love this place! Where else can you get the perfect glass of Bordeaux and a phenomenal burger?? I think that's the perfect meal- a burger and a glass of red wine.... clearly! The wait staff is attentive (especially since it's hotter than hell in there) and while French, they still have an awesome sense of humor about them. Olivier is the shizzle- always on top of it, and for some reason, whenever he's working, we always get the table in the front by the window... Everything we have ever tried here has been awesome. Especially the meat and potato dish. I can never remember what it's called, but it's meat in a tomato sauce, layered with mashed potatoes and cheese on top- OMG!!! The sammies are great, the burger is fantastique! Salads are yummy, and the wine list is small but very good.And, let's not forget dessert. I highly recommend the Vin De Glacier and a crepe... Suzette, nutella, berries... they're all deelish. My personal favorite is the Vin De glacier with the berry crepe... it's like they were soul mates- meant to be paired together in this vast world of delectables.The place is small, but so worth it!!!
You wanna see some moves in a tight space? Watch the guys at Chez Maman.This is a tiny place, so you're most likely sitting at their counter. You can feel the heat from the grill and you can see each and every part of your meal come to life. It's fun; you'll want to open your own counter-top restaurant.Yes, it's just about the best burger and fries in town (Frenchie-style), but please don't discount the salads and the mussels.
when it is cold outside, the counter at chez mama is comfortable, warm, and happy place to be. the french waiter is always charming - typical french, he always knows what he is doing.i like their savory crepes, mussels, and the veggie burger with blue cheese. my boyfriend loves their beef burger with brie. their wines are good but nothing special. the decor is modern, clean, and very space conscious - don't linger too long at busy time because there is a long line outside. the prices are reasonable for good french food.
This is one of my favorite cute intimate restaurants in the city. A gem of a french bistro tucked away in the Presidio that has reasonable prices and quality ingredients. I have never had a bad meal here and the service is always top notch. We waited the usual 15 minutes for a table, average for a Friday night. I normally get the can't miss Burger with melted gruyere cheese and shoe string french fries. The burger is so rich and flavorful, highly recommended!!! This time around we ordered the beef tartate appetizer, basil mussels, and fish sandwich. The Beef tartare came with a raw quail egg on top with a hint of spicy dijon mustard. Mixed together and spread atop of a toasted baggette slice the soft buttery texture of the beef and the crunch of the bread complimented each other perfectly. You can taste the freshness of the beef instantly followed by a subtle tingle in your sinus from the dijon mustard. The mussels came out in a hot cast iron bowl. All mussels were open and had a soft yet tender texture. The broth reminded me of a thai basil dish and worked really well with the mussels. Fish of the day for the sandwich was Tilapia with shoe string french fries. Tilapia had a nice natural taste, not my favorite texture as it is kind of mushy but overall great. We bypassed dessert this time around and the waitress was kind enough to bring us some complimentary sweet after meal wine which was the perfect end to a wonderful meal. This is an excellent first date restaurant as the lighting is dim, environment casual yet comfortable and the service friendly.
This place is great. Hands down, one of the best eating experiences in the city. It is small and you will have to wait. We went last night for out 23rd Anniversary, and we loved the food and the ambience. Laurent made us feel welcome in the small and busy space.
cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese!baked camembert with garlic, yes pleasegoat cheese on my burger, obviouslydessert crepe with berries and creme fresh, ooh la la!
Mmmmmmmmmmm. Foodgasm! The chicken crepe with old fashioned mustard sauce gives good eatin'.The other sensual aspects of this walk-in closet sized space called Chez Maman is the warm wood counter, the view from the counter seats (cute men cooking --- seriously, what's hotter?), and the intense heat radiating from the grill.I left with flushed cheeks. Was it the foodgasm, the men cooking or the hot grill? Go and find out for yourself.
The food here was amazing. I had the veal and cream. I saw another customer with this dish and I told the waiter, "I'll have what he's having!" and I never looked back. Eating and Living without regrets!
Size matters.Well, only if you have to wait around, which we didn't! As luck would have it, I walked into Chez Maman for lunch recently and lo and behond, two seats were available at the bar.Once seated the very Parisian waiter (owner?) came over to take our orders. "Whatwoouldyouliketodrink?" Sorry? Oh right....damn Parisians. They speak so fast!!The menu is a range of American fare (burgers & fries) to French fare (crpes/galettes). Being a crpe fanatic, there wasn't really a question of what I would choose, but there was still quite a selection!! I saw immediately after sitting down that they were using the traditional buckwheat flour for their savory crpes (galettes) which made me happy as it's more "authentic". They also served them with mixed greens which is how all galettes are served in France! Ooh, la, la...tres bien! I didn't check to see if they had any French cider (also traditionally served at a Crperie) but that was just a minor detail. I ended up choosing the Savoyarde which was with bechamel sauce, tomato, prosiutto and brie. Pure perfection! No time for a crpe sucres, I concluded the meal with a cafe au lait.I imagine this place can have quite a wait, which had I experienced that the first time, I probably would've given the place 4 stars instead of 5. The waiter almost made me give it 4 instead of 5 because of his attitude, but then I realized that it wasn't really that bad...just French which I should be used to. I think he appreciated my limited French...and seemed quite surprised with my "Bon Journ" as we left which made me slightly pleased. ;-)I'm actually looking forward to going back to this place! I've already told my French friend that we're going in September when he comes out to visit. He'll be the true judge!!
Neighborhood gem. What could be wrong with great food and drink, moderate prices, nice atmosphere.
Wow...I think I just had one of the best French onion soups in my life! The soup was perfectly seasoned and not too salty. The cheese was sizzling and slightly crispy. I'd go back again just for this! And I'm getting my own bowl next time!We went to Chez Maman for the first time today because our friend told us this place has the best burgers. The restaurant is pretty small. We sat at the counter which was fun because we got to watch the food being prepared. I had a burger with brie. My bf had a burger with brie and an egg on top. The burgers were really good, especially with the garlicky aioli they give you to dip fries into. The portions were generous. I couldn't finish my burger and actually didn't have room for a sweet crepe dessert. But there's always next time!!!
The Porkchop was cooked very nicely. Didn't spend too much time under the heat, and was well caramelized and tender to the max. The brussel sprouts were superb. They have these fingerling potatoes which they first boil for a few minutes, then sautee at high heat with butter so that the thin and delicate skin becomes crisp.. So proper. My heart is easily won with a well cooked potato. 'Nuff said.
I had the experience of this quaint little French restaurant on a Monday night.The staff is very friendly and treat their customers more as friends. I ordered a standard burger with some goat cheese. Very good with some unexpected flair.I would have given Chez Maman 5 stars, but we had to sit outside on a cold Monday night and it's a little on the pricey side. It tends to be packed any night of the week, and there's limited seating to begin with.
Excellent simple food!
We love, love, love this little restaurant. The salmon crepe and the hamburger my wife and I ordered were delicious. Not only did we enjoy the food but we also had fun practicing our french since the staff's default language is french. Fortunately for us, we were able to order what we want and not sound like Pepe Le Pew.
Nice friendly service in a rather cramped but cozy space. I came here for brunch and the food was delicious. If you're a fan of French onion soup, this is THE place to get it. The cheese was melted to perfection and the soup wasn't overly salty like most places where I've had it. Prices were very reasonable...probably what you would end up paying if you went to IHOPs or Denny's. If Chez Maman were located closer to where I live, I would come back a lot more.
Hands down the best veggie burger on the planet. But, before I get to that, what do I do here?Hope to get a spot at the counter (don't sit at the tables or outside).Order a 1441 or 1555 or whatever that beer is called (so good.)Order the veggie burger and the waiter will then explain what their veggie burger is (sort of a ratatouille cooked with an egg and cream) I get the bleu cheese with it. Comes with a side of fries (I get the aioli).Absolutely exquisite.I then get some sort of crepe and a few more beers and an espresso.Oh, so good.The staff is great and the veggie burger is easily the best in the world.I love this place.
I wanted steak frites at a reasonable price. I got it. WIth my roommate, shared a delicious, very large salad of mesclun with chevre and a really excellent, light, somewhat salty salad dressing. He asked "is there dressing" but there was.We had a merguez (Moroccan sausage) panini. Simple and tasty.And the steak frites- reasonably priced, as I remember, at around $20, with good fries and a peppercorn sauce. Yum.This place has great ambience. Just a long, long, bar, and a couple tables. You see the food being prepped on hot flames. The host cordially asked people to consolidate at the bar so we could fit.A nice respite from a cold San Francisco evening, this would be a great date spot. Intimate, cute, nothing more or less than it promises.
I absolutely love this place!! Cute French restaurant with some bomb french onion soup and MOUTHWATERING gourmet burgers. Reasonable prices for the quality food you're getting. Drooooool.
dined twice in a week. One of the best onion soup in the bay area. When my husband and I had lunch, we ordered the soup, burger, omlet, all of which were very good (and salty).Even if not comfortable, we both like the bar sitting.When we eat dinner at 10:30pm, we saw the chefs wrap up and tuck in their ingredients for the next day, which was done pretty neatly and well organized. It's great toknow that I can eat there without worrying what's actually going on behind the kitchen.Onion soup, burger are my top pick. Steak and frites are good. Somehow this dish taste the same (to me), at all decent french bistroes like Bouchon, bistro Elan, and chez maman.Will stop by anytime for the amazing onion soup!
Holy crap, best burgers I've ever had. And I mean EVER. The place is a little small, but it definitely feels authentically French. Charming place in a great neighborhood.
This place is cozy and charming. The food is awesome and you can actually see your food being prepared as you sip wine. It doesn't get any better... it's like enjoying a performance while eating delicious food.
Not what I typically expect from a french place. it looks like a very tiny bar/diner - not a good place to bring large parties, but great for an intimate and relaxed meal with a few friends. Central heating is provided by the grill if you sit at the bar, so there is no fear of getting cold.  I got the (gasp!) vegetarian crepe and was pleasantly surprised. Their buckwheat crepe is better than what you can get at Ti Couz (no bitter aftertaste) and I certainly smiled when I saw that Chez Papa is just up the street from Chez Maman.
Wine at lunch? "Bien sur!" suggested our waiter at Chez Maman. Continuing a pleasant trend of imbibing at lunch while away from work, my friend and I scored seats at this cozy lunch counter in Potrero. In between rain showers we had our fill of a chicken mustard wheat crepe and a gruyere quesadilla w/salsa. The flavors were subtle and enjoyable.Speaking of crepes... I love the things, especially one's smothered in nutella with bananas or strawberries. But honestly, they'd be sooo much better if there was some kinda crepe sauce ladled on top of the suckers! Have I yet to whet anyone's appetite for Wet Crepes(tm)?CM's sister restaurant Chez Papa (c'est ironique ca!) let me down in the past. However CM brought momma's boy back to eat at her house and he's happy. Although, I don't remember momma charging me $50 for lunch! I'm subtracting a quarter of a star for momma stealing my lunch money.(3.75 * stars)
Are you guys joking? I don't understand the 4 star average!We just came back from dinner at Chez Maman in Potrero Hill. I got the mussels and fries and my significant other, the veal with cream sauce. And we got just one glass of wine. Total with tip was around $60. I'm scratching my head here because first of all, we're sitting on a diner-like counter and we were seated front and center from the grill and amazingly firey stove so we were really hot. I mean, I guess it could be kind of fun watching your food being cooked, but let's just say it's pretty casual. But the prices were not all that casual! I mean, the entrees run an average of $18-19 for dinner so it's pretty on par with a decent restaurant. Seriously. Plus, I saw those guys put bottled lemon juice (not fresh) into my mussels. Dude. What's up with that? If the prices were a little lower, I would've forgiven this as a casual place, but somehow I felt just a tad bit (gasp) ripped off....
My favorite place to eat in all of SF overall. The burger is heavenly. Everything else we've ever tried is superb. The waiters pick up that you're a regular after 2 or 3 visits and give you some fun wry humor. You get to watch all of the food be prepared in front of you. Yeah, you have to wait, but I'm glad the place is busy. I would be horrified if it went away.
Ooh la-la! Tres bien fait Chez Maman! If only Portrero Hill wasn't such a mission to get to, I would be =the the most loyal regular at this spot! I can only speak of the authentic French menu and the scrumptiouslydelicious burger! MMMmmmmm. But it can get pricey, ($17 for a burger before tax & tip), so be prepared. Bon Journee Yelpers!
I live close by to the restaurant. My wife and I love strolling down to our neighborhood restaurant and enjoying a crepe. We enjoy the family atmosphere i.e. the feel of sitting in someone's kitchen while they cook for !
Delicious burgers on French bread! Mmmm.The burgers come with really tasty fries with aioli and a big helping of mixed greens. (I'm so glad i don't have to choose between those two sides)It's a very small space. Come here with one other person, sit at the counter and watch them cook up your food. When there's more than two of us, they make a good takeout place. Can call in your order and pick it up 15 min later.
I came here with my sisters. This place was good. small place. We sat at the boot and had a burger of course. It was yummy and so was the fries. I would come here again. The staff was very nice also.
Tasty Crepes! Their chicken burger is also pretty awesome. It's a cute place, cozy and friendly. Perfect for a lunch get-a-way.
I'm new to SF, and this cozy spot was a welcome departure from the big chains i'm used to back home. I had a quesadilla (gimme a break, i'm new here!) which was good and my girlfriend had a chicken panini which she said was the best thing she's had yet while we've been here.awesome atmosphere, but fills up quick since they only have 14 seats inside.I plan to bone up on my french and head back to try something better. next time i'm there i'll have to try some frites. (i'm learning already!)
Teeny French cafe (more of a bar, really) in Potrero Hill. Because of the size, it's not always easy to get in for breakfast/brunch at the weekend. However, it is well worth it. There are basically about 6-8 stools at the counter (the place to sit, in my opinion) and a couple of tables at the doorway. From the counter, you can order the brunch favorites (mine include the various crepes, the Croque Monsieur and, a bit later in the day, the excellent burger - along with a Mimosa or a fine French beer...) Very enjoyable!
Went here with a few friends recently, and while it was a bit nippy outside, we decided to deal with it rather than suffocate in the inferno that was raging inside. Granted, my internal thermostat raises about 10 degrees with every glass of wine I have (which explains quite a bit, actually...hmmm), so it might not have been THAT hot. Anywho, I'll get to the point. The food was great...baked camembert, a burger with goat cheese and fries. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in quite awhile! The service, though, was lacking. I would have otherwise thought it was just par for the course, but the server was completely doting over the regular sitting next to us! We asked for more bread, he rolled his eyes. We asked if we could order, he rolled his eyes. We asked for more wine, he rolled his eyes. We asked for the check, and whattaya know, his face lit up and that's the fastest I saw him move all night! I'll probably be back, just with lowered expectations.
Best Burger in SF, period. Trust me, I'm right, you're wrong.Not to mention the waiter behind the counter spouting out random French adding a flair of culture to the place. The entire place seats about 12 people. What more could you ask for?
okay, you yelpers got me again. This place was just as fantastic (and small) as everybody says it was. I sat at the counter with two of my friends and ravished the baked camembert and pommes frites (definitely worth it to get both). As my entree I had the warm goat cheese salad and thought it was actually sorta mediocre, but everything else looked so amazing.didn't have room for a dessert crepe..must go back.
There are a number of food items that I seek out on a regular basis, items that I will drive to another city to try and sample any chance I get hoping to find the pinnacle of tastiness. As my dining companions know, those items include, CTM (chicken tikka masala for you plebeians), fries, fried chicken, ramen, pho, bbq, topnotch burgers (rare of course), sushi, all things spicy, and cheese plates. I like rich, I like fatty, and I like salty. A rare green item on my list of prandial delights is the often imitated and often misspelled Caesar salad.Viewing a menu that declares they have a cesar or ceasar salad is an automatic red flag for me. Awhile back, I actually had to ask Caesar salad for "some time apart" b/c I've been disappointed and let down by the many lame variations I've sampled over the years. We rekindled something last weekend and I'm still not sure it's going to work out, but we're going to try. Essential components: crisp romaine lettuce, shredded or intact core is fine although hearts do lend themselves to a fancier presentation that is duly noted; croutons or a parmesan crisp; anchovies on top, this is absolutely required for me to be happy with a Caesar salad; a few ribbons or some coarsely grated parmesan cheese; and the final component is a balanced dressing. The dressing should be a perfect suspension of anchovies and olive oil whisked into fresh eggs (or egg yolks) to form a true mayonnaise, lemon juice, a dab of dijon to keep it emulsified. Leaves should not be overdressed and dressing should not be reminiscent of mayonnaise out of a jar, never thick or gloppy. Even good old Merriam-Webster knows what a proper Caesar should be. m-w.com/dictionary/caesaNow that I've laid out my personal parameters, I'll get on to Chez Maman's Caesar. Points were awarded for the appearance of two lovely anchovy fillets criss-crossed atop a very large mound of shredded romaine. Lettuce was crisp enough but rapidly edging toward overdressed. A significant markdown occurred from the absence of croutons and parmesan ribbons. Somewhere between 2.5 and 3 stars.The rest of our light repast was quite pleasant, crisp frites, cold bottle of chardonnay, and a healthy sized bowl of French onion soup in all it's toasted bread and melty cheesy splendor. Service was attentive and who doesn't love men with French accents? Some confusion over why they have a quesadilla section, sort of off with the rest of the bistro menu. Extra points awarded for charming size and the fact that they're open until 11p.m. Will try the burger soon. 3.5 stars overall. Please send any good Caesar recommendations my way.
Okay people, it's the restaurants like this that are making me fall in love with this goddamn city. I'm generally not a red-meat eater, but for the burgers at Chez Maman, I'll make an exception. Topped with blue cheese and I am brought to my knees. Frites with a little aoli are equally amazing.    Hurray for casual lunches, playing hooky from work, and glorious Chez Maman burgers.
This has been one of my go-to restaurants for a long time. Started going to the original location on Union Street, before it moved to Potrero Hill. The food here is always good, the entrees are reasonably priced ($13-$19 each), and the selection of dishes spans the spectrum (dishes include: fish, chicken, salads, steak, pork chop, pasta...you name it). It's easy to find an entree that suits your appetite, regardless of the cuisine you have in mind. This place feels like a true neighborhood jem...it's quaint, pleasantly busy, doesn't take reservations, and of course....great food. Oh, and the crepes here are also excellent.
Totally awesome for lunch!! The mussels were great! Great french experience. Try not to sit at the middle of the bar, the grille puts off some serious heat.I am already planning on going back to further explore the menu.
Had a wonderful lunch here. Reminded me of a trip to Europe. What more could you want?
small, intimate setting.friendly staff.delicious everything (baked camembert, french onion soup, croque madame with egg, chestnut crepe, glass of rose). you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.*edit: i'm gonna have to subtract a star. i realized i was changed the full price of the meal when my receipt just shows that i was charged 1/2 the price. my friend and i were supposed to split 50/50 and they charged it all to my card :(
Chez Maman is my favorite restaurant in Potrero Hill. Its is tiny so I will always visit at an off peak time. The bar seats 14 and there are only three tiny tables indoors..when the weather is nice there is also sidewalk seating...butthe bar is the best! The grill is right behind the bar so you get to watch the cooks prepare your meal...everything is always fresh to order. Last visit I ordered a chicken caesar salad with a poached egg on top...it sounds basic but it is the best caesar, Im telling you!...And of course I has two glasses of sancerre. My roommate had a shrimp quesadilla that was cooked on a groovy crepe/quesadilla machine that I wanted to take home with me...She drank sparkiling water...boring, I know, but she really liked the water?...I was unfamiliar with the brand but if you prefer water to wine...go for it!...I usually skip the water because it takes to much room in my tummy, LOL. ANYWAYS, next time I go I will order the crepe with ham, gruyere, and egg and maybe for dessert try the nutella banana crepe....Chez Maman is the coolest little restaurant on earth...they even play french house music, sigh~LOVE, LOVE, LOVE
What a fabulous place for brunch! It's very small, so be prepared to wait, especially if you have more than 2 people.This weekend I had the oefs cocette (baked eggs with cream) with salmon and goat cheese. AMAZING. Warm creamy, cheesy eggs. Everyone at the table kept stealing tastes, which was the only downside to this dish. I was so inspired that I tried to make them myself this morning (not nearly as good, unfortunately).Everyone else's dishes were delicious, especially the huevos rancheros.
Not for burgers ... too thin, not juicy (med rare), too much bread. Fries were good, carbonara also good. Nicoise was also A-OK. But burgers were a big disappointment.
I love Chez Maman. It's such a cozy little space and the food is incredible. I almost always order mussels but literally everything I've had on the menu here is good. I definitely recommend.
I have to add that they also have the best burgers in town. You can get a regular burger, chicken, or salmon with a side of fries or salad. I usually get a regular burger with brie and fries. Delicious.
Such a quaint and funny little place. They make the Best French Onion Soup in the city! If you arrive and no one is there, sit, by all means, SIT! The restaurant will be full in no time, get your order in, and be ready for your taste buds to dance and enhance your body with good tidings of distinctive flavor. Ahhh,... good quality food! My only disappointment is when I arrive and cannot be seated because everyone and their mother wants this good food too!
There are a couple of places that I consider stand-bys, and I actually find myself going just because I have not been for a while. This is one. I am a hamburger snob and they, quite frankly, have the best hamburger in town. Very tiny spot, you feel lucky to secure a seat. Did I mention the cute French waiters?
Excellent food, fast service, decent pricing. We knew this place was going to be packed come dinner time, so we went right before they open and found parking across the street. The place is smaller than expected, but it compensates on their big tasty flavorful entrees. French onion soup is a must. It comes in a steaming little hot pot which always make it seem a little more authentic. I love good presentation because it's almost a prelude to how the food is going to taste. Next I ordered the veal which was cooked to perfection. Mashed potatoes were also up to par. My bf's burger which had the melted Bree was heaven in my mouth. A little chard on the outside, nice and tender on the inside. Their frites were also just as good. Too bad we didn't have room for dessert because I would have loved to try the crepe. I suggest coming here really early or really late to avoid crowds. They also have recently opened on Gough St. but I have yet to visit it.
We visited our favorite again on a July return to SF. Despite an entirely new staff (where'd our French counter guy go?), the atmosphere and food quality remain great.
The Burger with Brie and Sunny Side Egg, Provencale with Fries and a glass of White Wine...ummm delicious :-)
the food here is decent. the best thing is the french onion soup which is really great, rich and full of flavor.the ratatouille tastes alright but a little watery. strange because the same dish at chez papa is just perfectly done.fish burger is a funny name for essentially a fish sandwich - its great though. a nice piece of salmon seared on some french bread. i've definitely had better fries than these those.seats are really limited, seating is a bit tight. staff is professional and attentive. over all a good experience. i definitely prefer chez papa though.
Love this place. Its my favorite lunch spot in my neighborhood. The fries and aoili, goat cheese salad, and baked camambert with garlic are all to die for. LOVE IT. I even love how tiny it is even though it means I don't get to go there as often.But I have to say the iced tea sucks, get a glass of wine instead!
One of the few good lunch spots open past 2:30 so that's a big plus right there. Baked camembert, Veggie burger, Flat Iron Steak, and Creme Brulee were all delicious. I keep hearing about the burger, so I'll have to come back sometime to try it. A surprisingly small place, with only two tables about a dozen counter seats,. No problems getting a seat at 3, but I wouldn't make plans for a Saturday night there.
it was such a great place for sunday brunch - sitting by the open kitchen, watching the chefs cooking, feeling the warmth of the stove on a cloudy day in SF. The vegetarian crepe I ordered was really yummy, the filling was actually ratatouille, and the flavor was soooo rich... yummmm... can't wait to go back again!
While the word "tiny" does describe this wonderful little bistro in a manner that is technically correct, I think the word "intimate" is more appropriate. This is the place to go if you want to share a delicious meal with a romantic interest.I had one of the crepes and it was very tasty. Presentation was beautiful as well. There were many other items I would have loved to try on the menu, which just means I'll have to come back.I don't mind though, and not just because my date was cute. Even though it was small it's a great place for conversation. The small size limits the amount of people who can cram into the room and shout at each other, so consequently, nobody has to shout. Amazing. I wish people would try this at other places.Although it was my first time here, my friend had been there before and the staff remembered her, so it seems like the friendly type of place that you could become a regular in. That's always a plus from my perspective.
Whenever I'm craving FRENCH I'm over at Chez Mama. Just landed back into the US and I wanted to hear French spoken to me again. My buddy took me here so I can have American flare and be spoken to in French... ohlala... Ok,so I had a burger... sue me.. but loved it!!
This little frenchy micro-bistro is the more casual sister to the french Provencal Chez Papa further up the Hill. Potrero Hill that is. Know it? Well you should. This hidden urban village is one of the City's best kept secrets. My burger chomping compadre and I were on 'Mission: Burger' this night, as on many nights past, and were determined to make our way into this place to steal a little sample of what Yelpers have been raving about for months: le burger. The joint itself is super tiny, like just a little narrow pocket with counter seating for 10, about 2 tables and another one outside. The whole place seats a grand total of about 16 frenchmen at any given time. You really feel like you're in Frenchyland when you come here. There's usually a line and a waiting list, so be patient, because the food is magnifique. We finally get one of the much coveted tables and are served by young Mr. Frenchy himself. The menu has too many tantalizing features on it, and the other patrons' plates are full of all kinds of great looking entrees. We are brutish Americans, and an undisciplined, juvenile sort at that, so we both decide to deviate from our mission, skipping the much lauded burger (this time. A tasty slab of charbroiled ground beef shall not escape these lips upon next visit.) Instead, we go for the frenchy skirt steak with pomme frit, and start with endive salad sprinkled generously with caramelized walnuts and roquefort. We were not to be disappointed. The endive salad was amazing, the skirt steak robust, flavorful, juicy and outstanding, the pomme frit crispy and delicate, just like in Frenchyland. I must say, I'm no french loyalist nor a big fan of frenchies (yes, I've been), but they do make some damn good grub and are running a great little eatery here on the Hill.Update 11/12/06: burger hype confirmed. five stars.
I wish that everyone else hated this place so I could get a table at dinner time.I used to go here a lot but then other people discovered it and the lines got longer and longer. Even if you have only two people in your party, trying to get a seat at 8 can take an hour. Even brunch hours can be pretty packed. However, they are open until 11, so those nights that I can't go out for food until 10 I head straight there.My favorite is the crrepe savoyarde; it has brie, proscuitto, and tomatoes. It used to come with cherry tomatoes, which I liked better but they changed the recipe. For brunch I really like the cocquette (I hope I spelled that right) with goat cheese and (I think) salmon. (It's been a while.) The burgers are also excellent. I am not a fan of most hamburgers but a Chez Maman burger with blue chese and bacon is super yum.They have sister restaurants too, so when I don't feel like spending a long time waiting for a spot, I go down the hill to Coulour Cafe for my savoyarde fix.For extra entertainment value, ask the waiter if they still have the four cheese crepe. One of the waiters there apparently thinks this dish was an abomination.
I made a face when we decided to go to Potrero for lunch ... but it was close by, and I never eat there, so I figured, I should be open minded. I really enjoyed this cute little place .. the French server/manager/all in one was very sweet, and had such a stereotypical French accent, you couldn't help but feel charmed! My ratatouille panini with gruyere cheese was excellent, as was my sister's goat cheese salad. I would definitely go back to try the other things on the menu ... like the crepes.
Everytime I come to SF for a visit, someone takes me to a new place that impresses me. This was my one for this visit. I had lunch here and it was perfectly delicious. I love that the waiter/owner/cook spoke to us in French and that the food felt just like something I would get in France. Even the menu was very much in French. I had a chicken crepe that was flawless. The chicken was yummy and tender, with not weird grissley bits or dark meats, all coated in an excellent and flavorful sauce, and the crepe looked and tasted perfect. A little mixed green side salad and I felt satisfied and full.The thin light fries were a perfect side to share and the dipping sauce was awesome.J'adore.A bientot.
If I wouldn't have a problem weighing 800 pounds, I could seriously eat here every day. Every meal I have had at Chez Maman has been fantastic. The burger is the best in town, hands down. The service is as good as the food.
Local favorite. Never gets old. Love all there menu selections. :-) It's fun to watch them cook... gets your tummy ready. I like the staff. I like the music selection. Only caveat I can think off is people who don't want the yummy smells potentially clinging to their clothing (you eat right next to the kitchen). Not a concern for me (I like smelling the food).
Just got back from dinner at Chez Maman, and I'm stuffed to the gills!My buddy's hubby started a cheeseburger blog, so this place was a must try based on all of the yelp reviews.We arrived at the restaurant at around 7pm tonight, the tiny dive was already full. There is a sign in sheet at the door, but that is not too helpful for parties of 3+ because in addition to a bar area, there is only one table in the whole joint! The friendly host offered to seat us at the bar or on a table outside, but we insisted on waiting for the table inside against his advice ;-). We probably waited about 20 minutes before the folks at the only table finally decided to leave, which wasn't really so bad.Once seated we got down to our order quickly:1. Cheeseburger w/ pomme frites. I didn't personally taste this one, but my buddy's hubby commented that the flavor of the meat was unique and the soft bread made it really good.2. Veggie burger w/ pomme frites. They made this out of ratatouille mixed with egg and fried on the grill. I'd say this was more like veggie omelet on a roll rather than a veggie burger. In any case, it tasted pretty good, really juicy and messy. The fries were thinly cut and very crispy, yum! I love it when the chef sprinkles fresh parsley bits on fries, just makes it look so pretty.3. Flank steak w/ green peppercorn sauce, pomme frites and a side of garlic spinach. The steak was tender, but nothing super extraordinary.4. Pork chop w/ brussel sprouts and mustard sauce. The pork was very flavorful and not tough at all, cooked just enough, but not too much. I loved the brussel sprouts, it was sauteed with bacon and apples, my favorite item of the night.For dessert:1. Banana and Nutella Crepe2. Crepe Tatin w/ sauteed apples and chantilly cremeBoth crepes we freshly made and very yummy, but I'm so full at the moment that I think we probably could have done without.The food at Chez Maman was solidly good - both food and service, it seemed like most everyone in the restaurant was local, the owner/host/waiter seemed to know many customers by name...What a cute neighborhood-y feel! There was only one hitch - $117 for all of the food, including drinks, tax and tip. Pretty pricy for a dive...I'd say this one was high on the pain scale.I noticed that they have a Chez Papa Bistrot a couple doors down, we'll have to give that one a shot if we're ever in the neighborhood again...
What can I say..the burgers and steak frites!!!More of a casual place, but always consistent, warm and cozy.
Viva la roquefort burger! Yummy with a capital Y.I would order it to go as the place is tiny and claustrophobic inside, and usually windy and uncomfortable on the street.But make no mistake, it is always worth the wait and le service francais.
The whole question here is can you get a seat. You can rest assured that the food will be excellent....but can you get either one of the two, two seated tables or is there enough room at the bar.In the few times that I've been at Chez Maman I have tasted all of their beers...which are exquisite. If you like french onion soup then I would definitely recommend it when they have it on the menu. The arugula salad is an wonderful salad starter. The encrusted goat cheese on top the salad brings it all together so nicely. I find it hard for me to get anything but the prosciutto panini. Its really a bit too scrumptious. And then there is the creme brulee. Beware this place is damn good and a bit addictive...if you can get a seat.
I have only good things to say about this place. Service is great, wait staff are attentive, efficient and fast. Food is excellent for what it's worth. I have pretty much tried almost every item on the menu besides the moules and pork chop and for the most part, everything is really decent. My favorite dishes would have to be the burger, grilled salmon and pasta with white wine sauce. Their dishes are bistro style. The place is itty bitty and is pretty much a bar that overlooks the little kitchen. Food is served warm and right outta the oven or off the grill. And it's always fun to watch the chefs skillfully toss a bunch of ingredients into a saute pan and next thing you know, viola! your pasta is done and served to you piping hot. Ambiance is cool with hip music playing in a mildly loud way, but not ear drum popping loud. Open late with long long waits due to it's popularity, chez maman has been one of the places I consider myself a regular.
My first impression of this place was that it was cramped and people were packed in there like sardines. I'm glad that I did not let the claustrophobic feeling prevent me from giving it a try. I am not a salad person but the warm goat cheese salad with arugula, cipollini onions, and balsamic vinaigrette is enough to make me one. The burger at this place is goooood!! Their fries are so crispy and delicious. Try sitting away from the middle of the counter which is directly in front of the stove unless you enjoy eating in a sauna.
I'm sure I'll like it better after Terminex does their job. I wasn't crazy about the cramped space although I see how one might think its cozy. The food was good enough but if I didn't live a few blocks away I probably wouldn't venture to go here. The kicker, really, was the six legged visitor my boyfriend and I got at the end. Even better, when the manager/owner/chef? was informed of Mr. Roach, he merely replied "Ya, we know. We called Terminex." Considering this joint is surrounded by cozy, yummy places to eat - I wouldn't waste my time here.
Great local spot. VERY small-- I'd advise going early (6-7) or late (after 9). The waiter mostly speaks French, which is cute (I mean, clearly he speaks English, the French thing is mostly for effect). The burgers here are pretty special-- super flavorful, seasoned with lots of different herbs. The fries are very thin and very tasty. And served with mayo-- you'll never want ketchup again. The crepes are also solid. It's a great "Not For Tourists" neighborhood spot...
I feel bad doing this (don't know why) as I do like this place, the food is good, but I ate there about 30 minutes ago and in the time it took to eat a (very tasty) burger and sup a glass of chardonnay (I know, burger and chardonnay...very classy) I spotted 2 small cockroaches on the walls. One of them very close to the cooking area.As it was a full restaurant and it's quite a small place, I didn't make a fuss. I have jut emailed them to very politely let them know.So beware... even though the food is good and it's a cute little spot, it ain't very clean!
Great place to grab a bite! Authentic and delicious food worth every penny and I can't wait to return! The panini is great the burger is great and the appetizer with the garlic and the melted Camembert cheese , I can't remember what its called, but it's fricken delicious.
This is the best burger in the city, even though I'm on the never-ending quest to make sure I've tried them all. The ingredients are fresh, the service is fast and while the restaurant is small, we've never had to wait long. I always like to try new restaurants, but this is one of the few that I'll keep coming back to. Desserts are good too, chocolate-filled crepe is delicious.
I felt like a tourist in my own city, which can be nice sometimes. As we squeezed in the door, squeezed up at the bar, and the waiter spoke only French and heavily accented English. We practically drooled in our American way as we watched the grill cook turn over red meaty burgers with melted brie.
had the bugers and the flank steak... the burger was nothing specail
This cozy little French restaurant is the gem of Potrero Hill. It probably doesn't seat more than 20 people at the most, but it is well worth the wait if you can get a seat. You can watch the chefs work their magic while sitting at the bar, and the food is a little bit of culinary magic I have to say. They serve traditional French crepes, quesedilla's (which seems odd, but look really good) and then French style entrees. I ordered the Pork Chop which was a huge, perfectly cooked chop smothered in the most delicious mustard sauce I have ever had, and served with brussel sprouts which I would normally turn my nose at but, they were actually tasty an perfectly paired with the pork. Yummy!The perfect casual date spot.
One of the best restaurants I've found in San Francisco. The food is very fresh and everything I've had is great. I especially like the mussels and chicken quesadilla. The restaurant is tiny with just 1 table for 4 and a long counter. You can watch your food being prepared as the kitchen is behind the counter. You definitely should try their banana and nutella crepes for dessert. They also offer brunch on sundays including some of the best eggs I've ever had.
Recently went back twice-- once for that long-awaited chicken crepe and just last Friday for lunch with an equally critical food hound.Chicken crepe was a little on the dry side which made mustard stand out for it's tart, peppery flavor, but the chicken tasted like it was cut the wrong way if you know what I mean, and yah, a bit dry. The crepe itself was delicate and delicious, so they still have my love... And, last Friday, the merguez panini (I couldn't decide between salmon burger -- ho hum -- and panini and the real french waiter suggested the latter) was a mini-revelation. It was the best merguez sausage I've had in quite some time... the last time having something that came close at Bar Cesar in Berkeley. OOoh, tender and spicy (but not too spicy for this spicygirl) and NOT upstaged by the gruyere and caramelized onions (although those elements made it a tad greasy - but, it is french food, i.e. RICH!). But, worth an order especially if you cut the richness with a glass of white. My friend ordered burger with bacon and cheddar cheese with fries: the burger glistened, the bacon was thick and the shoestring fries were flecked with flavorful parsey. She was one happy food hound! Chez Maman is in my top five favorite lunch spots in the city in its price range. Bon Apetit! my fellow gourmands!
This small french restaurant is delectable. the food is superb and the whole restaurant has a good vibe. Though it is small which can make for a long wait the wait is definitely worth it. The burgers are good but my favorite that everyone has to try is the croque monsieur or the croque madam (my french spelling isn't great).
The best nicoise salad i have ever had. Perfect proportions...perfect dressing. So, so, so flippin' good. Couple that with great wine and great company, and Karen's still smiling.I really love little places like this...and I love other people who love places like this. Great little french restaurant. Cozy, excellent service... sit at the bar...enjoy
I was pretty disappointed. And I kept waiting, hoping and giving second chances to redeem Chez Maman, buuuttttt, I just couldn't.Service, pretty bad and slow.If it's busy, don't even bother.As far as French food goes, don't waste your time. Really nothing fantastic. Steak was over cooked and typical, crepes were, eh, mediocre, and after waiting 2 hours (and being told every 20 minutes, "just 10 more minutes") the waitress screwed up our bill really really bad, she charged us about 300$ for a 75$ meal. I have been there 2 times and still, unimpressed.
Last Friday I had my hubby pick me up from work so we could go eat out. My co worker was just telling me to try a few good restaurants on 18Th St near where I work, and we decided that Chez Maman sounded good. There wasn't really a wait, though it was a small little hole in the wall type place with mostly bar seating and a few tables in the front. We got a table, and menu's, however the waiter (who's also the owner) kept us waiting for a while, and even got drinks for a couple who came in after us, while we had been there for a good 10min already. Anyway, we decided to go with recommendations, and both tried the french onion soup which was really cheesy and good. Then I had a burger for my entry with the brie I believe? And the hubby had a chicken type crepe which the owner recommended, and since the hubby doesn't care for sweet crepes, he was really impressed by this one. For dessert we decided to try the berry crepe which was also good, but was rather too stuffed to enjoy it much. Overall, the food is good even though it's a bit pricey, but just the fact that we were ignored for a while I am taking one star off.
Breakdown of Five Stars:Five stars for funky French serviceFive stars for the best hamburger we've had in the Bay AreaFive stars for the non-hamburger food (especially the crepe)Five stars for the cozy decorFive stars for the Franch/Spanish language meal time showSix stars for the French Jazzish Electronic musicFive stars because the people who work there look like they are having funFive stars because we had fun too
Wonderful, charming spot for a dinner with a good friend or your significant other. I wouldn't really come with a third person here since you sit at the booth and then it's just hard to talk :P All their dishes are solid. Their French Onion Soup is divine! I can just come here and eat that and I'd be happy. My cousin wanted more of mine I think, since he was too health-conscious to order one for himself :P Of course I was generous with the first few bites...but if you're not smart enough to order this, don't expect me to share all of mine! :) One of the best bistro burgers I've ever had. Love their dinner entrees and specials. And the waiter! It's amazing how quickly he moves. There's really only this one guy running the show. He moves up and down this tight little space, efficiently serving up to 20 people with absolute ease. He reminds me of the waiters at Chinese restaurants with his speed and deftness. But he does it, usually, with a smile :)
Small and cozy space. I had a burger and it was delicious! Service was pretty fast. Definitely would return!
The thing that I love about this place is everything is right in front of you. The cooks, the softly spoken French and the smell of sizzling garlic. For me it was a phenomenal experience because I soo enjoy watching people cook. It's part foodie voyeurism part culinary delight. We sat on the bar stools a long counter before us set up diner style. On this trip I had the mussels and garlic fries and a pint of Kronenberg beer. The mussels were perfection floating along in a delicate but not overwhelming butter and wine broth. The fries were shoestring and perfectly crips. Cute location, low key casual vibe, gracious service & a great place for a date. Hot Tip: They serve Kir Royals.
took the day off for a doctor's appointment and ended up with plenty of time to enjoy this great city of ours. rolled in to potrero hill to drop off my guitar at sf guitarworks and headed looking for grub.i took my honey to chez papa for valentine's day, a place we will always remember as delicious, and a place we will forever have embarrassing memories of. but for lunch? no, chez maman.i love shoestring fries and the beer selection is great. the pork chop is a hit, not so much for the pork itself which was standard, but for the sauce it came in and the way the brussell sprouts accented it. i wiped my plate completely clean with bread.the place is small so come on a weekday or be prepared to wait. i must come back for a burger.
I've only eaten there once, but WOW! The best salad Nicoise I have ever had... delicious and such great service....I felt like I was at a friends house being served. It was great!
Chez Maman holds a special place in my heart. We've been regulars here since moving to SF 8 years ago. First of all, the food is wonderful. Amazing burger. Incredible Fish Burger with roquefort. (really, try it. Yum). Excellent fries (if you like the thin kind. I do. And the garlic aioli served with them is fabulous). Savoyarde crepe of brie, prosciutto, tomato and bechamel is a standard for me, and the chocolate mousse and berries crepe for desert are favorites. Many other delicious dishes. *also*, I love the folks who work here. Olivier has made my night special so many times!
Working at Dr. Video (RIP), I always passed Chez Maman but never actually went in. After trying this place last night, I really wish I had.There was a little bit of a wait, but the server was good about keeping us updated and sat us right at the end of the counter. We promptly ordered our food and drinks, and within no time our appetizer had arrived. I highly suggest trying the guacamole and chips. It was a little lemony for me, but the chips are made fresh from torillas and then deep fried right in front of you. Good choice.I had a chicken burger with fries and it was delicious. I didn't get a chance to try my girlfriend's vegetarian quesadilla, but she seemed to enjoy it. Everything about the meal was fresh and delicious. For dessert, we ordered a nutella crepe (my girlfriend is anti-banana on crepes) and it reminded me of the crepes I had when I was in Paris. mmm delicious. I want one right now.The only downside is that the place is very small, so groups of more than about 3 need not apply. On a colder, windy night, sitting by the door is somewhat crappy, but it's not too bad. It can also get kind of loud since the space is so small, but other than that, this place is great.Also note: I overheard our server telling a group of 4 that there is a cafe on 16th Street and De Haro that has their exact menu, only the place is bigger. I didn't catch the name [Edit: I believe it's Couleur Cafe] and I can't say whether or not the food is as good as Chez Maman, but I figured I'd give people the heads up.
Absolutely loved the food and the quaint smallness. It's literally a counter and 2 tables--a long rectangle of a place. There are also 2-3 tables outside. Get there early or wait. The food is delish. Very french, very fresh. Manager/owner? was very honest and chose a wine to match my meal that was great. I'm going back.
The original Chez Maman (not the Marina crap!), this tiny bar-and-two-tables nook is the perfect intimate place for a rendezvous.For anyone who rates this place below 3 stars, you obviously don't speak French. Sorry, peeps! This is a true-to-French nature place. Speak French or get "ignored."Men will like the pork chops. Dainty girls like me will flip for the fish (or whatever lighter fare they have with fingerling potatoes!) Chez Maman gets 5/5 stars because they ALWAYS have Creme de Marron, and the crepes are delicate and dreamy creamy.A bientot!
Great for breakfast. Good coffee and an attentive staff
Where else can you get a burger with an egg and roquefort cheese? okay, okay, so that might not be the most desirable combination, but if you wanted to try it, as I did, you can get it at Chez Maman.anyway, as my friend put it, a burger, fries and a beer from Chez Maman may be one of the most satisfying meals in SF.
Tre Delici-oo! I have to say it's my fave restaurant on that that lil street, corner block whatever. You know it's good when everything and anything you order just tastes daaaaaamn good. I had steak frites but had some mashed potatoes with it. As the juices from the steak oozed with each cut, it meshed with the creamy mash and I just can't wait for the first bite. Once it's in my mouth, it's a burst of smokiness, so succulent and juices just flow. OH! I was in cloud 9. I don't even remember what my friend ordered but that was good too.Gotta try Clifford D.'s 4. baked camembert and roasted garlic piece of ultimate heaven.
The Chez Maman Basic Burger is really good. With a salad and fries that comes along with it, it's a nice french take on the ole American burger. The service is quick and friendly. I look forward to trying their other menu items. The seating capacity is a bit small but it makes for a cozy dining experience.
I loved this place. Great service, excellent food. I probably should have given a 4 star since it's so tiny. But I hate to hold that against the place. it was just too sweet a place. Deserves 5 stars.
Olivier and I are now on a first name basis. Being remembered is, to me, the pinnacle of good service in a restaurant. Then again, the fact that I am there enough to probably annoy the hell out of the staff makes that feat of memory less impressive. Still, pair that with perfect food and I will be a customer for life. This place is like my 'Cheers' (crap does that make me Norm?)
I really dig this place.  On yet another escape from hell in my old downtown office, my buddy and I would drive across the bridge and grab some lunch at chez maman. One visit was on the day we had the jumper about 2 years ago that tied up traffic for hours. we got caught in that mess and decided we were so late that it would worth it to still hit up Maman for some of their awesome nicoise salad and grilled tuna. We got back at 430 in the afternoon and we were whipped and thrown into solitary confinement but it was worth every morsel.
A great find. I enjoy the close quaters. Watching the cooks cook infront of me. The food was awesome. Not for everyone. But I will be back. Food was very good. It was hot sitting infront of the ovens and stoves. But on a cold damp San Francisco night. It's a joy. It reminds me of sitting back home in my family's home. Talking and eating in a New England kitchen. A little pricey. But worth it. Sure some people will not like it. But that is why there are so many resurants. And styles and kinds to choose from. I give it a A-
Chez Maman is the perfect neighborhood restaurant. I don't know how I ever got so lucky as to have Chez Maman in MY neighborhood. I would describe the meny as French-inspired comfort food. Nothing fancy, but PERFECT execution. It is teeny-tiny, has lovely service, and feels like being home. I went there on a rainy, winter evening, perfect French onion soup weather.  After the soup, I shared a wonderful salad of fresh greens and a croque monsieur. Definitely comfort food for a cold and blustery night. I'm not sure I could say enough good things about this place.
forget about all the other stuff we tried. chez maman had the BEST french onion soup i've had in a long time! great flavor, not too salty, and the perfect cheesiness. i absolutely loved it and can't wait till it gets cold and wintery to go back and get some more!
3.5 stars but i've only eaten here once and I wish I had tried something other than the salmon panini. It was good but I can only eat so much smoked salmon in one sitting. My bf ate a burger and he really liked it. Next time i try french toast or veggie burger.
Zees place, it eez tres bon, le food is exquisite--and no frenchie attitude--yummy comfort bistro food at prices that don't break the bank (but, yeah, you're not going to eat there *every* day)...baked brie and a baguette with perfect crust? Bien sur! A mouth-filling French red wine to wash down that scrumptious burger with blue? Mais oui. Breakfast is even better: amazing eggs en cocotte with perfect bread-fingers (*just* like gran-maman used to make) and crepes to boot. Really really good. Stay away from the drip coffee, it's dishwater; splurge on the espresso. And don't be daunted by the line--it is a wee wee place, and you may have to sit at the counter and sweat, facing the stove. Your palate is worth it, cherie.
did i teleport myself into France? This is such a cute and small diner. Everyone was speaking french and it was such a vibrant european atmosphere. The burgers are delicious and get it with blue cheese! And if you can...go with someone french and don't bring your cellphone
Oh, Chez Maman. You're the stuff my very nicest dreams are made of. The reason I appointed this lovely little French diner 5 stars is because of their Basic Burger : a delicious piece of meat, some gruyere, a little aioli on a lightly-toasted roll, some sparingly-dressed greens with a bit of tomato and a gentle pile of onions on the side (frites are the other side option). Add a nice tall Kronenbourg and we're talking about my very favorite lunch in the city. Somehow the lack of seating (3-4 tiny tables and a counter) adds to the charm and general special-ness of the experience. Best lunch in SF IMO. Go on a sunny day and sit outside -- it's worth the wait.
I heard that the Belgian invented frites (that's European for fries!) and not the French. But the way the fries tasted here, I'd say the French know what they're doing! This place is super small, with some bar seating and a couple of tables. The beef tartare was just ok. It was appropriately seasoned and the quail egg provided a nice contrasting flavor. However, the texture was a little mushy, which took away from the overall enjoyment. The mussels, on the other hand, were AWESOME. They were well cooked and the sauce was AMAZING! Shallots, cream, garlic, bacon, shallots, shallots, and shallots!!! Dip the french bread in the sauce for a pure perfection. The burgers were also delicious. The beef was seasoned with salt, pepper, parsley, and was extremely fresh. The fries were skinny cut and lightly seasoned with salt and fresh parsley. They reminded me a little of how Mcdonalds fries used to taste, but without the beef extract. The garlic mayo was a perfect dipping sauce for these little sticks of flavor and provided a perfect side for the burger. Overall this place is great, but a tad pricey. Paying 11 dollars for a burger and fries is something that I can't do everyday. But next time I want mussels and frites, I will definitely make the hike up the hill.
This is a review of the vegetarian burger; I hope folks appreciate that that makes for an entirely different experience.Their veg "burger" is a ratatouille bound up with fried eggs. It doesn't hold together at all, and doesn't at all harmonize with the bread. I have a feeling the ratatouille by itsef would be good, and something better could be made out of the raw materials, but it was truly awful.I gave it a shot because I know their meat burgers are highly prized -- and because I figured a place that respects a burger ought to be able to respect a veg burger -- but they do not. Be warned.
BEST BURGER IN SAN FRANCISCO. Hands down. I love this place for so many reasons. Burger being #1 of course, but not only that at Chez Maman they are always so consistently good here. I always come here for special occasions or if I'm craving their burger. I have never had a bad experience here.I highly recommend the burger with swiss, egg, and bacon if you're hungry/or for a big lunch.If you're not super hungry try it with just swiss. It is amazing. It is so tasty and just prepped with goodness. It has just enough seasoning added to it and the meat is lean and absolutely perfect. The soft roll that it is on also adds to why it's so damn perfect. The fries are a little on the thin side, not my favorite part of the meal, but perhaps it's because the burger is so big you don't need fries to be any bigger.On the rare occasion that I don't want the burger, I'll order the Merguez Panini. It has grilled onions, gruyere, aioli and is the tastiest piece of lamb sausage ever. Their flat iron steak here is also fantastic, I rarely order it because again I always come here for the burger, but the green peppercorn sauce with the steak is delicious.I also love their caesar, good appetizer to start with.For dessert the nutella crepe is pretty tasty, but rarely do I have room for it after the burger. At first I thought the service here was a bit pretentious, but since I have been here so many times both servers have warmed up a bit and are much more charming. Since it is bar seating only, I do recommend only coming here with 1 other person, as it's a pain in the A^! to get seats for 3 or more. Get there right when they open, especially on a weekend, as it's always crowded. I recommend putting your name in and walking down to Lingba for a drink.
So good, I'm reluctant to tell people about Chez Maman. There is something magical about the long counter from which one can see the food being cooked and the taps being pulled. And what is that simple seasoning with which they coat the pommes frites to make them so darn awesome? Can it really be just sea salt and parsley? If I knew, would I stop eating them, or would I use the same mixture on every fried starch I make at home?And thank goodness they got rid of the little motorcycle helmets with condiments in them on the bar. Chez Maman, you don't need a schtick. You just need to be you!
I'm American. I lived in Paris for several years. I love high and low cuisine from both cultures, but not mixed together.Admittedly, I'm among the less-than-ecstatic chez maman guests. Yes, this place looks super cute from outside, and maybe even from the dainty window-front tables but we got a spot at the bar, not that I have a problem with that, it's just that having a bird's eye view of the whole cooking process made me more disillusioned than many other reviewers.After hearing so much authentic hype, I am disappointed by the intensely non French atmosphere and food. In fact, it's more like a diner with some crepes, croque monsieurs and wine. True, the host was French (though thoroughly assimilated to the *ultra friendly* American dining etiquette which I don't like), but one native does not an experience make. Honestly, the food tasted good, but was nothing to rave about.: it's just basic French cafe fare marked up for Americans.I just don't get all the oohing and ahhing about Chez Maman.
Quick, friendly, and TASTY French food in a cozy closet of a space. I've loved this place both times I've been but wouldn't go with more than one other person (there's just no room)!I love the wines, beers, the frites, the service, and being able to watch the magic in the kitchen as they prepare the food.Chez Maman always leaves me smiling.
Chez Maman is a super tiny restaurant with mostly bar seating. There are only 3 tables total in front of the restaurant, with one of them outside. My friend and I were extremely hungry and put our name on the list. We were seated within 5 min at the end of the bar, facing the open grill and watching the chefs cook our meal. I think the problem is that I'm not a big fan of French food. I ordered the basic burger - it came in a soft roll instead of the traditional bun, which was yummy. The patty was thin and it was certainly not cooked medium rare. It came with Roquefort lettuce (it seemed more like a petite salad then lettuce), 2 slices of tomatoes and some grilled onions (which did NOT look good at all). My fries were tasty and it was definitely the highlight of the meal. My friend who ordered a crepe was less than satisfied. It's not the cheapest place and it was less than satisfying. Cool atmosphere and friendly service, but I won't be back for the food.
A friend of mine kept recommending Chez Maman, so I finally took him up on it and paid a visit. It was not a pleasant experience. To begin, there are zero tables here, besides the occasional one or two they pull outside when the weather is nice. In lieu of tables, everyone (by that I mean the eight or so people who can fit in this tiny place) sits at the bar, which is cramped and awkward. I don't want to be bumping elbows with others when I'm trying to have a casual meal. Moving on to the food, the burger patty was pathetically thin, although admittedly of pretty good quality. However, once you realize that the typical burger starts at about $13 and often approaches $15 to $16, you start to wonder if you're really getting what you're paying for. Spoiler alert: you're not.
I moved into the Potrero neighborhood about a month ago & absolutely love this cafe. The food is great & the service is fast. My favorite so far is the fettucini in a white wine mushroom sauce. :)
Tiny. Adorable. Awesome brunch. I had the eggs florentine (poached eggs, sauteed spinach and gruyre bechamel sauce). Looking forward to going back.
Potrero Hill is my neighborhood and I love the local spots on 18th Street. Sure Chez Maman is cute - formerly the location of "Mabel's Just for You Cafe". And yes the French comfort food is yummy and I must admit they make one of the best Crepe Completes I've had outside of Balthazar.But come on people, it really ruins the groovy Potrero Hil energy when you cop the French attitude. Hey, this is not Le Marais, it is 18th Street....one day I was set to meet a friend for lunch at Chez Maman and sat down at the counter and saved the seat next to me. A few minutes later three guys walked in, but there were only two empty seats left, including the one I was saving for my friend. The server then requested that I leave because these three fellows wanted to sit down and my friend had not arrived. Sure I said. It ended up that the three guys left as well as the server's behavior made them feel awkward. The server ended up yelling at me up the street telling me to return and take a seat at the counter. Yeah, fat chance...I vow to never eat at Chez Maman again (and to share this story with all of my friends), no matter how much I miss the crepe complete. I'd rather hop on a plane and order my crepe at Balthazar.
We arrived on Sunday night to grab a late dinner. One thing you need to know - the place is tiny! There are two tables for two in front, a bar, a couple of sidewalk tables and that's it. We had to wait for about 20 minutes to be seated. Once inside we found out they had run out of brie. I guess they had been really busy that day.  The menu is full of French bistro standards, including burgers, mussels, roquefort, camembert, and brie, and fish, steak, lamb, and chicken entrees. Also, they serve quesadillas and crepes.We ordered drinks, French onion soup, roquefort, mussels, a burger, and fries. Everything was very good, flavored just right and not too salty as can sometimes be the case. The service was personal and attentive.Overall I would recommend this for a casual dinner or lunch, if you don't mind cozy dining arrangements. Not a good place for crowds, and you will probably have to wait to be seated. But the food is well done, and if you are in the mood for some French bistro cuisine, this will hit the spot.
The burger. Get it. One of the most incredible meals of my entire life. Wow.
Cute little place... stopped by here on the way to a show(bottom of the hill). Highlight was the baked Camembert with roasted garlic, very simple and inspiring! Burger with bacon and Swiss was above average... the bread instead of bun was very nice. Shrimp quesadilla was nothing to write home about, I would personally like less Gruyere and more creme fraiche. Great fries... light and crisp with aioli. If you are in the area, stop by, but go on a late weeknight. We went on a Monday night(6pm) and watched the place fill with folks, it was nice.
I had quick lunch there last Saturday. Looking at all the positive reviews I must say I was shocked with the reality. I do hope it was some sort of unfortunate aberration - like all the cooks were sick and had to be replaced with guys from the street. But then would it be acceptable for decent place to do such things to the customers? I had to watch the Latino guy who tried to make a crepe and it was just so painful. Then I had to eat some boiled cream with soft boiled egg, poor quality cured salmon and some kind of goat cheese - I was worried I will get sick but I got lucky. Maybe this place is wonderful on any other time of day but I am not going back to find out.
I love Chez Maman, one of my favorite restaurants. I've been to quite a few upscale French restaurants, including Jardinere, Cheapeau and others, but I still prefer this one over them. It's a small place with limited seating but charming. They usually are very busy during the weekends, but the wait isn't too bad. They serve an awesome french onion soup, one of the best I've ever had. The burger and the Nicoise salad were fantastic too. . I definitely recommend!
This is a review just of their burgers since that's what I get pretty much every time.Definitely have solid burgers here. More on the gourmet-ish side, with the only thing I didn't like as much being the square bread not fitting the rounded burger as much. However, it tastes good and they know what a real 'medium' is - plus the fries are excellent, especially with the aoli on the side!
i'm already pondering at 2:45pm at work where to go for dinner, i checked restaurant list on Yelp, noticed chez maman on 18th, clicked to see what foods they offer, liked it and printed the address page.i was surprised how really tiny this place. just one or two table(s) that could seat maybe 3-4 people and a bar that has only 10 bar stools.it was kismet." there was no wait and two available bar stools were waiting for us. we got the spot, which was in the middle and it is the location where all the heat from the stove, oven & crepe machine are centered.did we mind?...No. it was like eating in front of a fireplace ,very cozy. but then, what about during the summer months?, i wondered ...no need to worry, they have an outside seating in front of this joint.the french owner/server(?) talks "frenchlish" and he talks kind of fast too.the BASIC burger, that was asked to be cooked medium was juicy and very tasty. the bread was warmed on the grill. it came with carmelized onions and two slices of fresh tomatoes. an additional grated swiss cheese was wanted and it was put on top of the burger while it was on it's last stage of being medium cooked.the VEGETARIAN burger was not formed into a patty. they sauteed a mixture of veggies, plus an egg! was it?...but i think it was really an egg! and it was put directly into the bread from the pan. carmelized onions and tomatoes were also included.these burger plates comes with your choice of f/f or salad.the f/f were cut "shoe-string" like. it was good. the mixed green salad was also good, though more than a pinchful of salt was dashed on the dressing.i found the french sparkling lemonade very pricey. they have two kinds: flat or sparkling. sadly, it wasn't nicely chilled, like their water.the menus are filled with basic french fares and nice french wines.so here's the total damaged from our dinner:1 Burger Veggie       10.501 Burger Basic        10.50      Add Swiss        1.502 Limonade Petilla      7.00                     -----------                      29.50TAX                    2.51                      ----------TOTAL               $ 32.01so it was quite costly just to have burgers here, wasn't it?
I love trying brunch at new places. That is what brought us to Chez Maman in Potrero Hill. I've heard great things about many of Potrero's small eateries but didn't remember hearing anything about this one. There was a reason for that. On the positive side, the atmosphere is great! Light and bright with a couple of tables and a breakfast bar that sits about 12. The kitchen is open so you can watch your food being cooked right in front of you. There is a large selection of drinks from specialty coffees to French soft drinks to a nice wine selection.I ordered a sparkling lemonade and the veggie crepes. The crepes were dry and the filling was pre-made and mushy. The flavor of the veggies was alright. My friend had the burger that she ordered medium rare that came out looking more medium well. It was smothered in mayo and had a Panini-bread type of bun as opposed to a traditional bunThe best part about the meal was the fries that came with my friend's burger (that cost a whopping $5 if you order them by themselves). Our bill was $28 and we were still hungry! Too pricey for just OK food. Won't be back.
Hubby's Review:A nice little neighborhood joint that serves tasty comfort food. The French waiter makes you think you're in a hole in the wall in Paris. The Pueblan (possibly) cook staff reminds you we are still in the States. The food has flavor and quality. I had a very decent burger and fries. Wifey has a veggie panini that was tasty and crunchy. A simple place to have a quick meal. Will definitely go back when the mood strike us.
Uponst recommendation's by fellow elite yelpee bslut17 I came to this lil restaurant one brisk evening. The wait was 45 minutes for a seating of 3, and you can instantly tell why -as you look inside, you notice that there are 2 tables to your right and a hall way of about 10 bar seats. me and my 2 compadres waited outside in the chill of night, cherishing warmth from the crack in the doors. It is no wonder that the wait is so long! it is so cold outside! and so warm on the inside! -who would ever abandon a beacon hearth for the blistering cold?? no one, thus the wait. Anyhow, when the warm Disneyland-type character of a manager called out "Simon el Magnifico! paaty of tre! right this way" we were more than delighted to hop on in. The inside is full of flavor. Walk inside, and you are instantly warmed to the sensation of a bustling bazaar, full of life and vibrancy. You feel like a warming puppy in front of the fireplace after a long walk in the white snow. The entire restaurant reminds you of gepetto's shop, with the aroma of a bread bakery. It smells good. You sit down, order a cheeseburger with goat cheese, and you wait in awe as the people all around you are eating a basket of bread; you are so hungry, so full of desire, and thinking about all the things you'd do for a loaf of bread and butter. The french disneyland instantly drops a loaf of bread on your table, with butter. you are so happy, you feel like you are in heaven, where dreams come true. Eating as quickly as you could, like a rodent in theifhood at night, you try to push down each loaf of buttered bread as fast as you could before your girlfriend or her cousin can get it. Before your 2nd loaf of bread can be fully gulped, like a duck that does not swallow, your cheeseburger with goat cheese comes. You are in ecstacy as you turn dream into truth. You do not wait for your friends to get their order, you put a scram of lettuce, a slice of tomatoes into your burger, cup it, and then go in for the kill. each bite so tender, succulent, and juicy that you can not help but eat a contour of garlic fries in conjunction with the burger. Everything is perfect, but wait! there's more, you dip it in some of their sauce and everything's even more amazing, along with some peppered ketchup.. so good. I am a fan. Restaurant is deserving of 4 stars.. not quite 5 yet; Though tasty by most standards, it can still use some more flavor in the meat.. I would say that Americana Grill of San Francisco has one of the best flavored burger ever. Chez Maman is deserving of at least a visit if you don't mind the sometimes chilly wait times and chatty ambience. I won't say its the best burger i've ever had, but its at least top 10 :P hope that helps.
I love Chez Maman! This is a tiny restaurant in potrero hill that I go to when I'm craving steak-frites and a nice glass of wine. A great place drop in on solo because its mostly bar-seating. The server is very friendly and has many helpful suggestions.
I was pretty satisfied. I had their chicken panini. The pistou sauce was delicious. My sister ordered the hamburger with fries and loved it. My friend had the eggs Norvegian with smoked salmon and hollandaise. She was all over the hollandaise sauce. Overall, it was a cute little restaurant.. but nothing that really wow-ed me.. Parking was relatively easy to find in the area.. and the waiter was very sweet.. The restaurant is small though, so be prepared to wait.
UPDATE: 9/15/2007Despite my fond memories, the return to Chez Maman was rather disappointing. Of course, the bf and I ordered hamburgers (obviously NOT French) therefore it may not come as a surprise that it did not meet any of our pre-conceived expectations. Some notes re: our lunch:1) Overly greasy fries, the aioli was not tasty. 2) The hamburger was actually undercooked (instead of medium rare - a point - it was rare).2) We were seated inside at the bar and there was a nasty smell wafting from the corridor near our seating location. We spent over $30.00 (after tax & tip) for our lunch and were both left underwhelmed at this visit. Unfortunately, I had to modify my rating from 4 to 3 stars.===================================================Even in the days prior to meeting the love of my life (my beautiful, French boyfriend), I found this little dining location enchanting. The owner is really French and the food, I find after visiting France, is very typical French cafe fare. In fact, perhaps the reason I really enjoy dining at this restaurant is because it transports my mouth to a different place, while enjoying the stunning backdrop of the city from a Potrero Hill vantage point. The seating choices are extremely limited because the space is rather on the small side.  Expect to wait in line outside for a while until you are seated. Dining outdoors, when it isn't raining, is always an option. Yet, just as a warning, bring some layers because dining outdoors can be a little chilly and dining indoors at the bar...well, it is rather warm near the grille! The wine selection, although small, is more than adequate and pairs nicely with all the food on the menu. The service, typically French!
Yum. The best item here is the endive salad IMHO. French comfort food. Service is good. Prices are a bit high for what you get.
I am simply in love with this place. I like everything about it. The size (it's a hole in the wall), the food and the manager (owner?).Everything from the French onion soup to burgers and fries is great. Full of flavor, cooked to perfection.Sometimes you have to wait to be sitted, but I consider it a small price to pay.
On a beautiful Sunday afternoon,my awesome foodie friends introduced me to this lovely,quaint restaurant.The food is delectable and the Blue cheese burger is to die for.The roasted garlic and camembert was heavenly and couldn't get enough of it.And the french onion soup?do i really have to...It's just beyond words! (I'm salivating here,dammit)
I love this little gem. Went on my second date!! ( see serpentine) with this guy, and he took me to his weekly french comfort food spot!! We had rattatoui ( yes spelled incorrectly, i know) spicy sausagage.. I had halibut and he a savory crep. There is a bar and only two tables.. so it can get hot hot... but all the same it was romantic and I loved every minute!! xoox
I absolutley LOVE this place!!! My friends recommended this place and with GREAT company we head out to Chez Maman for lunch! I had myself a cheddar burger with bacon. I will try the eggs with gravy next! The burger is D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!!! OMG! I highly recommend this "hole in the wall"!!! Fabulous service, I should have asked his name! I know he is from south of france and his eyes sparkled! Friendly service and very thorough.Very intimate joint. There was a sign up sheet on the outside and I can understand why. I think the counter seats about 10 and 2 seater tables near the window! We were lucky and had to wait about 5 minutes!The burgers start at $9 but it is soo worth it!I hope your experience is as GREAT as mine!!!
Sweet little joint in Portrero Hill. When I say little, ya, I ain't kidding. Just note that this is not the place you bring your party of twelve because there won't be enough room in the place for about 1/3 of your party. I had the french onion soup... mmmmm... and some sauteed veggies.... double mmmmm. Came out with a cheap tab for two people, loved the service, loved being on top of the kitchen (not physically, but you have to admit you feel as if you might even be in the kitchen), and the general feel was casual and cool.
Rounded up from 3.5 stars - the french onion soup and the salad niscoise is a perfect, semi-healthy (??) but very satisfying dinner.  Service is friendly-chatty and quick and you can see your food prepared in front of you.
Small place, but offers a basic menu that is satisfying! Specialty here are the sandwiches. They also have a traditional Croque Madam! What appears to be a dry piece of bread is actually soft and wraps the fish/chicken/beef just right! The fries are excellent, thin, crisp, and not too oily just the way I like em'! I recommend the salmon sandwich w/garlic aioli and also the chicken sandwich w/melted damn good Brie cheese with a tall glass of lemonade!
Very nice burgers
Very tiny, cute French place. Small menu with crepes, sandwiches, and a few entrees. My boss likes to eat and had the burger with an egg, and roquefort for 13.50. I had the fish burger which was a perfectly cooked salmon filet. Both came with frites. Add 1 glass of wine and our total was 34.72. Slightly high price point but everything was good, even though nothing blew me away. A bit disappointed the "aioli" was plain mayo - no garlic or anything added the day we went. The owner was super nice. I am interested in going back and trying a few more things.
Love, love, love this little, little place. The burger has been declared the best in the city and the aioli is perfect. We ate here once a long time ago and just went back and I LOVED it for lunch. The guy working the counter is adorable and the service was great. There is something about watching your food being prepared- the place is so small you are practically on top of them! I cannot wait to go back.
This place is probably the main reason I want to move to Potrero Hill. Yummiest French Fries and Aoili.
Best food for reasonable prices. Not cheap but you know you're getting quality. I love it more and more eeach time I visit.
While the prices are a bit high for lunch ($20 for a panini with a beer), I do have to say that Chez Maman manages enough of a combination of high quality cuisine and pleasant atmosphere to make it worthwhile. I had the smoked salmon panini with dill and capers, and it was perfectly tasty, accompanied by a nice side salad.The hype surrounding this spot makes it a bit of a nightmare to get in, but when you do, it's worth the wait. Just don't get there already super hungry, or you might get frustrated. We went on a mid Friday afternoon (2 PM) and it wasn't mobbed, so maybe off hours are the key.
Chez Maman serves very simple, respectable bistro food. I had a croque madame and frites. It was good.The restaurant is too cozy for my taste - indoors there is a counter overlooking the kitchen and one table. Because of the small space and close proximity to lit stoves, it gets hot inside. There are a few outdoor tables too but sitting outdoors means eating on an uncomfortable incline (or decline if you prefer). This place is the quintessential neighborhood bistro, unfortunately it isn't anywhere near my neighborhood.
I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for brunch and had one of the best hamburgers ever. The service was good, and the the space is charming, including some outdoor tables. The fries are excellent. I was a proud member of the clean plate club.Before eating, I went back to the restroom to wash my hands. Beside the sink is an interesting pair of pipes that twist around eachother instead of running parallel. I don't know anything about plumbing, but it's something else to look at if you drop by.
Everything is lovely, the european sized fare is definitely my preference. A fabulous salad with a glass of wine, what a winning combination.not to mention the handsome waitstaff... eye candy with the dessert.. I'm there.. every night, it's a boisterous little spot where seating is limited but worth the wait.
This place is amazing! My boyfriend and I were looking for new places to check out and I came across Chez Maman on Yelp. The reviews were great so we decided to check it out. Upon arriving, we were a little skeptical because of the size. There is only a long counter and 2 two tops inside and 2 two tops outside. Thank god my boyfriend talked me off a ledge. We were so close to skipping it for another place down the street. My skepticism soon turned into pure delight when we took a seat at the counter. You are literally an arms reach away from the kitchen and at was really fun to watch them prepare all the food. We started with the Nicoise salad which was perfect. All the flavors blended together excellently. For dinner, we split the Hanger Steak and Pomme Frites with Peppercorn sauce.....just off the charts good. The garlic aioli is a must for the fries. I highly recommend this place. I can safely say this has made it into my top two restaurants in San Francisco since moving here from Chicago. P.S. Go early, there was a long line when we left at 8:30
went to dinner on a week day night on a whim.its a tiny little place, sort of like portero hill's french, more upscale version of art's cafe in regards to the space. ;-)~ got one of those window tables right off the bat.~ greeted and got our drinks in a NY minute and by the super courteous french gent who i presume was the owner(?)~ same gentleman checked on us during our drink, took our order and served up our camembert, roast garlic, baguette appetizer within a few minutes.  great.~ gent made sure our app was alright, and we just nodded our heads because it was full of yummy melted cheese.~ main courses came up; i got the steak with frites, she the mixed green salad with pears.~ both were very nicely done and we shared the main plates bewtween ourselves.~ our water glases were topped off regularly.~ finished off with the orange butter and sugar crepe for desert, again, very nicely done.the attitude and service was terrific, the best we've had in SF in some time, no matter the venue or price. the food across the board was very very good and totally satisfying and thoroughly enjoyed. serving sizes were very adequate and plentiful in the frites department.i would love to see more selection on their menu at some point, but then again, this place was not really set up for it. its pretty small and perhaps the limited but focused selection is all that is needs.we will be back and take out of town friends when the mood strikes.
Another lunch location for me and my co-workers. The restaurant is fairly small with like only 2 tables near the front windows. The rest of the seats are on the counter. The menu consists of mostly burgers, crepes and some salads. I'm not sure if the French actually make burgers or not, but this place seems to be a French burger joint with an American twist.
Funky little French place ,the most fun is to be had sitting at the bar eating and drinking.
We loved it! :-DIt's surprisingly tiny, but cozy.The french onion soup I had was probably one of the best one I ever had - had deep sweet flavor that is only possible by cooking onion slowly for long long hours; the gruyere cheese on top wasn't too cheesy or oily. It was a big bowl, and perfect for sharing between 2 people. My husband had chicken burger with melted bree - light but tasteful, hearty. The fries were delicious with right amount of alioli.I had Mussles Merinere (sp?) - basically bowl of steamed mussles! With onions, celery, lime juice, white wine - simple but very hit the spot!Highly recommended - we'd go back again. We'd like to try their paninis and crepes.
I stumbled across this place while idling on a weekday evening when i was going home after a long caltrain commute from southbay. I was inin no mood to cook that day and just thought of checking out a new placefor food.This place looked very cute from outside with barely 15+ seats at the bar and some tables outside on the sidewalk. Since it was little chilly, i sat inside.As soon as i went in, the place reminded me of something cozy with smoothing music playing in the background(if my memory is not too bad). I ordered a vegeterian crepe and it turns out to be one of the best crepes i ever had. It was really well done.while talking to some othe customers, they mentioned that almost everything in the restaurant is great. Overall, the owner was really attentive while serving us.I will come back to this place sometime again with friends.
** note: this applies only to the potrero hill location; i do not recommend the union st. location **i've been going to this restaurant for years. less so now than when i was a potrero resident, but i make the hour-long trek every once in a while. and it's always well worth it.what makes chez maman great is that it keeps things simple, while executing perfectly and with great attention to detail. the cooks and waitstaff (usually only one at any time), are professional yet unpretentious. the cozy (i'll avoid saying "cramped" because it's not) layout deters large, loud crowds, allowing you to enjoy your meal in an intimate setting.i'm usually greeted warmly by my waiter laurent. he's been waiting on me for as long as i remember and the familiarity adds to the wonderful feel of the aptly named restaurant. i am never afraid to eat here alone. in fact, i sometimes prefer it.my favorite dinner usually starts with the frisee salad, with the poached egg extra runny. the vinaigrette is already tossed in and never overwhelming, while a few sparse bits of (real) bacon offset the tang.on cold days, i love hunching over a cauldron of mussels, scooping up some white wine reduction with each shell i pull out. laurent is happy to give me more bread to soak up the rest of the broth when i've eaten all the mussels. when i've had a hard day at work, the pork chop or the flatiron steak put my mind to ease. i like my steak medium (sometimes medium-rare if the mood strikes me). it is always perfect.for lunch, it's hard not to order the burger. you can have it anyway you like, but i prefer it medium topped simply with brie. it's georgeous when it arrives, oozing and sweating fragrantly. and the fries are amazing, especially dipped in the garlic aioli, though i'm rarely able to finish them all.i've been putting off writing a review for this restaurant for the longest time. mostly because i'm afraid of it getting overcrowded. but alas, you can't keep a great restaurant down.this is a great restaurant. it really is. you should stop by.
One of the best burgers I've had! Really crowded and a tiny place. We waited a loooong time to have my burger, but it was worth the wait. This place can get pricy if you add sides, appetizers, desserts, drinks, etc... I had a piece of the steak and that was EXCELLENT as well! I'll definitely go back for more!
I love this place. It's tiny and very friendly. The owner started talking to us and was very accomidating, when we asked if we could move outside, he had all of our stuff taken out for us and insisted he do it. When he suggested the burger, I was a bit skeptical, but it was by far, the best burger I've ever had, the french onion soup was awesome too.
I went to this place for brunch and I will say that I was pretty disappointed. I had my hopes up as all the Yelp reviewers said they loved it and I watched a cooking show where they recommended this place. I ordered a Burger which I thought was pretty damn steep ($12!!!). My gf ordered a "Panini" even though it was more of a sandwich that falls apart. I also did not like the fries as it reminded me of mcdonalds minus the salt.I really hope this place is much better for dinner as I would not recommend this place for brunch to anyone. Originally I didn't give it a one star because it is a cute atmosphere inside and it's next to that bomb bakery called Baked.Here is the reason why I am giving this place a one star. My gf didn't write a great review about this place and the owner wrote her a message on Yelp telling her not to come back and that her review sucks. I find that pretty disrespectful. Everyone has their own opinions and that is what Yelp is for (to share their opinions about places). Not everyone has to always agree and love a place. This just shows the type of class their owner has that he can't accept a criticism. I DEFINITELY WON"T BE BACK HERE!
I came here with my friend for brunch. This place is charming, but tiny to the point of inducing claustrophobia. I got the "Norwegian" crepe and my friend got eggs and chicken apple sausage. Service was very prompt, but the dishes are tiny as well considering the pricing. My food was okay, but lukewarm when it arrived.
I visited Chez Maman for brunch one morning. I'm sure you've read or know that the place is tiny. It's practically a bar with bar stools, and maybe one or two tables. Luckily we didn't have to wait long as we beat the crowd and got seated at the bar fairly quickly. I had been craving a burger and I heard great things about it so I already knew what to order. We also ordered a savory crepe. As we were waiting for our food, I saw them toast a piece of bread. If anybody knows me well, they know how much I love bread and pastries. I knew right away from looking at the bread that it would be delicious so we asked if we could have a slice while we waited. They toasted it and gave it to us and it was just heavenly! So soft, fluffy, and buttery, just what I would imagine a fluffy white cloud would taste! I was so satisfied with just that alone. Then the burger and crepe came...the burger has to be one of the best burgers in SF!! They used the same heavenly toasted bread dressed with aioli, veggies, and cheese. I know I've raved about the burger at Zuni which is also good but Chez Maman gives it a run for its money! They are different types of burgers but OH SO GOOD. Though the crepe was good, my focus was on the burger. I'm going to have to visit the place again sometime soon.
The only bad thing about the city on a sunday to grab some good food is that you have to get to a place before 2-3 pm... then they close, it sucks! am I the only one who thinks like this? you know when you're out partying late night and you want to relax and get up at your leisure, then the place is closed. well, anyway,I'm so glad chez maman is around and at least it's open till 4 pm and even if you get there at 4 they still will serve you. I had an amazing burger with goat cheese ,and of course fries and it was delice(the aioli for dipping was great too!) and my wife had the merguez pannini (french yummy sausage with gruyiere)which was also perfect and we ordered some wine which are great and everything is reasonable as well .what a perfect spot they even have 2 tables outside which are kinda down hill but ok. for a beautiful day it was perfect.
Every time I go to Chez Maman I have to wait and every time it's worth it. This is one of those special places that not a lot of people know about or at least aren't willing to make the trip for. It's incredibly romantic and intimate. Of course, since it's only one long bar and two tables you will also have to be comfortable sharing space and being asked to move if they need to make room, which, is drag but who cares. I love it here.
This is hands down the best place for a hamburger in the city. I love to atmosphere too. Although on a busy night you might be waiting for a while because there is very little seating, it is well worth it.
Delicious burgers at a crowded counter.
Total meh. I live in the neighborhood and have given this place 3 or 4 chances, especially since everyone raves about it. It's just not that great. I guess they have good fries. It's not even that much cheaper than chez papa, just go there.
quaint, cozy, well prepared dishes. Great for brunch if you want something low key. Overall very tasty.
So I live in the 'burbs right? To me San Francisco is Union Square and the Embarcadero, right? Maybe a smattering of North Beach with its trendy yet mediocre Italian. Potrero Hill? Nahhh...Yes! Working in South City makes this a short little trip and at the not too heavy urging of Mo H. this became a lunch destination."Mmm! This IS a Tasty Burger!" That it is. Located on that little strip of restaurant goodness in the 18th/Connecticut-Missouri block of Pot-Hill lies Chez Maman a spot maybe 8 feet wide and 100 feet long. Dominated by a counter, a few tables exist by the window. On the long wall opposite the counter lie several french advertisement posters as well as some pictures. Our host/waiter hails from Avignon (I asked him if he speaks Provencal, he does not) and will enthusiastically and swiftly take your order. Your burger is cooked to your specifications on their tiny yet powerful grill with an eclectic choice of cheeses - brie, cheddar, roquefort, goat (yuck) and then bacon, guacamole and egg if you really wanna do it frenchy-style! Served to you on a ciabatta-esque roll. Yeah I dunno what they do to the meat, or if it's a blend of chuck, prime and round or what, but it is awesome, flavorful and not overwhelmingly greasy. This is the kind of burger you wish you could make when you've gone to whole foods and bought that expensive chop meat for. Best burger in SF? Has not yet been dethroned to my knowledge.Beyond burgers are the Pannini of which I've tried two - the Merguez Sausage (which for the uninitiated is a Moroccan style lamb sausage) and then the vegetarian which is ratatouille with pistou (aka pesto). Both delicious. They have some more entree-sized dishes and could probably make you almost any kind of crepe you'd like. They pack the entire kitchen, grill, burners, oven, crepe griddles behind the counter and have thus figured out how to do a lot with a little.Go here for lunch, sit at the counter and Bon Appetit.
Burger with brie, salty crispy fries with aioli, chicken panini. woo. Fantastique! (say with French accent)
This place is small. Seats probably only 15 people or so. BUT the food is oh so good! I ordered their simple chicken burger with frites, and trust me it was far from simple! My husband had their chicken panini...and all i heard from his end was ahhh'ss and ooh's...so I am guessing that's a sign of goodness and flavor :) The waiter was extremely nice too! If you are ever in Potrero, I suggest stopping here for some unpretentious, good french food!
The burgers here are one of the best I've ever had. Get that and a Kronenbourg and you're good to go. It's one of the few places in San Francisco where I don't mind waiting to get a seat. Like everyone else said, this place is super small so plan ahead.
this place makes an awesome hamburger (the best i've found in the city so far)! its done to perfection over the grill using high quality beef thats mixed up with a medly of excellent spices and herbs. This is placed on a Francese Roll with very red tomatos and sweet onions. the service is brusque and to the point. it's not cheap.
I still think Slow Club makes a slightly better burger, but this one is pretty close. Everything here is super-fantastic. Not many spots, so a wait is almost guaranteed, but it's well worth it.
Love this place but what? Did they change the burger?? Added some herbs or something. Not okay. Burger should be burger..end of story.
The rave reviews for Chez Maman was the reason I decided to try out their food for a catered event. Definitely did not live up to it's four star standard. The food was cold when I picked it up. The panini inside was soggy. They put a baked garlic clove in place of my beloved Camabert (no no!). Plus the portions were really tiny and not worth the $71 I paid for four people.No go on catering for me...as far as the in restaurant experience, I sure hope it is better.
Best meal I have had in a while! Had a burger even though all the other food looked amazing I had read that this burger was going to rock my world-and oh boy did it ever! We also had a cheese and garlic appetizer which was just that-hot melted cheese and a whole roasted garlic head and the combo was amazing! With the apple tarte tatin resemblance dessert was delicious as well! I wish I could eat here every day, I feel like the food would never get old and will always be the best!
The chicken quesadilla I ordered was not very good--it wasn't a hearty, gooey Mexican quesadilla, and it wasn't a delicate French concoction or new take either. The cheese was bland. Sounds like they have better options.
the BEST burger i've ever had in my life! maybe it's the soft bread, or the juicy and cooked to perfection patty.. i'm not sure, but whatever it is, this burger is the best i've ever had. if you think u had "the best burger" in your life... you really havent until you try it at chez maman. i also ordered the roasted mahi mahi which had a mango sauce... very unique and pretty tasty as well.i only fault them one star for being really small inside. about like 8 seats are bar stools... 4 seats at a table, and 4 seats outside. even though you're sitting right in front of the oven, and the place smells like food... very surprisingly you're not wearing the aromas out with you when you're done (a definite plus... and something i'm always on the look-out for). this is no diner.. it's definitely a french bistro because of the quality of the food and ingredients, and everyone was ordering wine... like seriously, EVERYONE. hell yeah i'll be back.
The food at this no-nonsense French Bistro is a revelation. Absolutely dynamite ambiance. Incredible burgers. Out of this world French Onion Soup. Come with an appetite and 1-2 friends who also know how to enjoy food.
I love everything about this place: the delicious, simple food, the people, the small countertop etc.
I've gone my whole life without a kitchen, so after much dining, it is increasingly difficult to find a restaurant that impresses me. That said, I am very happy to have found Chez Mama. I usually start with dessert since they make my favorite, creme brle! All food is prepared within a cozy distance so enjoy the view, and the taste, of delicious cuisine. Walla
I've been wanting to try this place for a long time. I am a big fan of bistro style french restaurants. I enjoyed the salad nicoise very much and I don't eat much salad.I had the merguez sandwich which was very good but it was too small.the steak quasidilla was too oily.the server was friendly and not too pushy.But it was pricey: lunch for 2 cost $ 90 including tip!
I went here the other day for lunch with co-workers. I had high hopes because of the reviews for the burger. It was very dry and overcooked for medium. The fries were good but this place is really small and difficult to deal with in the first place for that reason alone I think the food should be spectacular and worth the difficulties. I will say the burger was less than average and the guy serving was less than thrilled to be there. The other french food going out did look amazing but for the burger I just don't get it.
for good food, fast and tasty no any other choice, go to chez maman
it's a perfect place like this that makes me think french bistro is the apex of western cuisine.loved:-fries, mussels, bread & butter (really!), husband loved the burger!-location right next door to baked -which is open pretty late for a bakery.get their blondie. but i digress.-the waiter guy - so gruff, so euro, so efficient & so tattoed.-seating -it's a counter, but it keeps a kitchen honest & imbues the place w/ smoke & steam & atmo.-the crisp sancerre.and i thought the bathroom was clean, don't know why that other reviewer was so grossed out. hmm. that's disturbing.i would totally go again & again. which is annoying in a way b/c i want to try those other cute places on that block - ume, that mezze place, sunflower etc. but it'll be hard
For you algebra fans:Chez Maman = .75 x Chez PapaPlus you can watch your food cooked in front of your eyes and eat on your own in peace and quiet.
Lot's of good, accurate reviews here so no need to be too redundant. Yet, after going here nearly every week for a couple of years, I do have some observations and recommendations. The top 10:10) Being a neighborhood place, tables are often easier to get on Friday than Saturday than they are on, say, Wednesdays and Thursdays.9) The quesadillas are surprisingly good. People seem to shy away from them since they were prepared to eat French food, but for regulars looking for a change, go for it. 8) A merguez sandwich for lunch is an extremely effective hangover remedy.7) If you can, always choose the counters over the little tables in the front. Those tall alluminum chairs never seem to get you nestled up to the table in a comfortable manner.6) The red wine is subpar. Considering the extent of the French Mafia's mini-empire in town, you would think that they could secure some pretty tasty wines at great prices. I would even just settle for the tasty side of the equation.5) If you swing that way, my wife swears by the Rose'.4) Speaking of drinks, why does the French Mafia think they should offer Pyramid Hefeweizen year round? It's a seasonal beer, after all (and not a very good one at that). Please switch things up. Oh, and the Fischers are great. Never take those away unless you want a fight.3) The hamburgers are great. My wife likes the salmon and the mussels. The veal is a good choice if you want something hearty. You can't go wrong with an endive salad to start.2) The waiter who used to work here almost constantly is named Oliver. His big personality has all the good parts of being French. Unfortunately, Oliver left P-Hill to open his own Chez Maman in Bernal. The guys who do the one-man show now are good, but they can't do an effective Oliver. No one can.1) Man, I miss the New York steaks. They were replaced by rib-eyes because they're apparently easier to pre-prepare.
great lil neighborhood spot to stop in for a bistro bite. They have hearty soups, tasty panini and a decent (if small) selction of wine. Luckily, they'are right next door to a wine store, so browse and splurge. Don't know what their corkage fee is---Last time I went there, I had a lovely, hearty vegetarian lentil soup. I highly recommend their french fries and nicoise salad as well.Warning- be prepared to wait if you go during the height of lunch or dinner rush. Also, the majority of seating is counterside, so it gets warm from the grill as you sit further from the door!
A simple, focused, high quality french bistro that delivers as a regular destination for a quick lunch or dinner. Chez Maman gets 5 stars for combining great atmosphere, food, and reasonable prices all at once. It's really well executed. It reminds me of bistros in france in many ways, which I think is the intent.
The bf and I came for brunch on a chilly Saturday morning. The chestnut crepe really hit the spot and I can't complain about the yummy frites. My bf had the salmon panini with a side of ratatouille and gave it a review of "ok." His main issue with French restaurants are the small servings, but it's the name of the game. Service was attentive and accomodating. We sat outside initially and were freezing, but our server came to check on us and offered us a nice and warm table indoors! Will return if we are in the neighborhood.
Really good French style burgers - get it with brie and caramelized onions. The steak frites are also very delicious and come with this super rich but very tasty green peppercorn sauce. The frites are more like shoestring potatoes served with garlic aioli. It's a pretty small space, with mostly counter bar stools and only 2 2-top tables in the front. There's usually a wait, so be prepared. The service is fast and friendly. They have awesome Kir Royales too. Good spot for a casual weeknight dinner or if you're dining alone.
This place is the best. Great food, great service, awesome atmosphere. I have been there two times with a couple of friends and both times the food was excellent and the services was above and beyond expectations. The first time I ordered a goat cheese with bacon burger, and it was definitely one of the top 5 burgers I've had.
Fabulous. The food is delicious French bistro offerings, not fare you'll find everywhere, and the tiny spot has a whole lot of character. I had the huge bowl o' mussels, lovely and garlicky, chased with a beautiful French beer. The accompanying frites, w/house-made aioli were tasty enough for me to trash any hopes of sensible eating that night. The Mr. loved his steak and glass of red wine. Too full to order desserts, but my they looked good. And I didn't leave feeling as if I'd just been robbed. 70 or so bucks seemed about right for the casual bistro atmosphere. Highly recommended.
Nothing makes you feel cooler than sharing a food experience with one friend and six strangers in a long, bar-like restaurant.We shared the salad of endives, pears, and walnuts -- orgasm-inducing. The brie? It was like alcohol in cheese form.They have Red Chimay. Nuff said.My salmon crepe was supposed to come with creme fraiche, which essentially meant two tiny drizzles on the top. It made for a quite dry effect, and I had to ask for extra creme fraiche to keep from choking.
I heart Chez Maman. I've been coming here pretty much since they opened. I've even dragged my coworkers from SOMA to CM for lunch on a sunny day. Everything I've ever eaten here is great & the staff are sweet. They will chat it up with you if you're in the mood & they're not overrun. They'll leave you alone if not. The burger, the croques, the crepes - it's all good here. Save room for a Nutella & banana crepe for dessert.It can be crowded & it gets hot if it's warm outside & you're stuck in the part of the counter in front of the stove, but it's worth the slight inconvenience.To the reviewers who don't think it's that clean, the SF Department of Health gave it a 94 out of 100 for its last inspection - see the official report online.sfdph.org/eh/Violations/Finally, I have one word for you. Savoryarde. BTW, it's not a sled.
thank god the night i went to chez maman was a chilly night because i couldn't imagine what that place is like during the summer time. *yuck* it was really toasty in there. it's really cozy (to put it lightly). if you're a person who likes your space, then i'd rethink about coming here. i order the ratatouille panini. it was ok- nothing to write home about. i wished i had ordered the tuna or smoked salmon panini. all sounded good on print, but interesting enough it didn't do justice for me. maybe next time the tuna or salmon will prevail. the only "ooo" factor was that the panini comes out in a heart shape.the service was decent but annoying. i don't know if the french dude there is really french man from france, but his freggin accent was too much! i couldn't tell if he was being fo realz or was a total fake. besides the accent and him hovering and disappearing, overall the service was ok. this is definitely a place where i have to come back and see if justice can be served. hopefully it will... we'll see.p.s. what's up with quesadillas at a predominantly "french" restaurant?
This is my first time dinning at Chez Maman and I am very impressed. Their French onion soup is the best I've ever had. I wanted to try their burgers, but they were out of buns =( so I got the chicken quesadillas, mmmm glad I did....they were so good. My hubby got the fettucini mushroom alfredo and he loved it. The service was awsome, very attentive and friendly. The only drawback about this place is the room capacity is 18 people. So I don't recommend group gatherings here. I am definitely going back.
The atmosphere is amazing - very friendly, cozy and relaxed. The place is very small, which also makes it more private. And the burger... I ordered it with a salad, and the size and everything were just right! Very juicy and the onions.. I wish I knew the recipe, the taste is quite new and I love it. We also ordered banana nutella crepe which was good. Can't wait to come back.
Chez Fantastic!I'm biased because I'm regular at Chez Maman but I'm only a regular because it's "brilliant" in fact I would go as far to say that it's now become my favorite restaurant in the city.........A little piece of Paris in pretty Potrero Hill. (Say that quickly) I'm European (English) so there are certain things about Chez Maman that remind me of home. Okay!.... I admit it's not the food as we all know the food in England consists of canned vegetables, mash potato and fish & chips. However, it's the fact they sell Kronnenburg 1664 on draught. Finally a place that I can get a beer that doesn't have the word light in the title! Don't expect fancy dcor or cloth napkins, this is French Bistro and that means simple but stylish. Crepes, quesadilla, burgers everything is done well and prepared right in front of your eyes. It's small & snug which adds to ambiance and also makes it ideal for a date. However, it's also a cool spot for or a much needed "hangover" breakfast and especially in the summer when you can sit in the street and people watch in the Sun. Try the Merguez Panini (Lamb Sausage) for lunch or the Burgers with fries and for dinner try the French Onion Soup, Roasted Camembert and for Entre try the Veal or the Pork chop. Oh, and remember to wash it all down with a pint or two of liquid the heaven (Kronneburg 1664)."For the Love of House"JP
Wavering between 4 and 5 stars. For the price and accessibility, this little gem is way above par. Coming in, my expectations were low. The menu looked unimaginative and a little hoaky for a french bistro. Guac and quesadillas? But the food made me a believer. The guacamole and chips were excellent and the burger with roquefort was soft, flavorful and deliciously grilled and seasoned. Waiter/owner was an extremely hospitable plus too. This place was a reminder of why I love this town. There is such a low-key passion to the food here.
This place makes the best steak I have ever had. EVER. I still have dreams about their steak. It is spiced perfectly, it is pan seared instead of grilled, and when I ask for it black and blue - rarer than rare - THEY ACTUALLY LISTEN and execute it perfectly. But wait--that's not all--it comes with this homemade peppercorn sauce that is unlike anything else in this world. It's devastating. I used to come here once a week for the steak and a glass of Bordeaux. Laurent the waiter is a great guy and great server too.
When I came here, I ordered the burger since 90% of the yelpers keep talking about the burgers. The burger was good, i got mine with guacamole.  The burger was good... but just a few complaints. I ordered it medium. It came medium rare.  Not a big deal since I love steak Tartar, but... I usually like my burgers cooked a little more. My only other complaint was the bread to meat ratio.  All the excess bread distracted from all the yummy seasonings they put into the meat. Overall, good burger.
I think this place is officially my second mom - because she always takes care of me. I'm not huge on becoming a frequent diner at eateries since there's so many places to explore in this city but this place is the one place I find myself always coming back to. (Plus it's down the street from where I live so I really have no excuse!) Really fantastic French comfort food. Like everyone says, the best thing on their menu is the Classic burger, with gruyere, and an egg. Olivier will give you the eye if you order this burger anything over medium. This place does get crowded with locals pretty quickly so come right at noon for lunch or between 6 and 7 for dinner.
Yesssss..... The best skinny fries with aioli. Fattt burgers with your choice of imported or domestic cheese. I love the brie. Oh, and the melted brie with the slow roasted garlic and toasted, sliced baguettes. SO GOOD. Well priced also. Really small though. So dont take more than 1 friend, unless you go in between lunch or dinner. The one on Union st. is good too, but this place has better fries.
I'd been hearing great things about this place for a year and finally tried it for dinner on a Saturday night. It was intimate and cozy...and packed. I liked that it was so homey. The burgers are really good. The French onion soup is great. The kicker is the fingerling potatoes that go along with the salmon. Perfectly cooked in butter and more butter. They are flaky, light, and creamy. Amazing. The owner/chef is very personable and all the regulars are pretty friendly. Great place for a romantic but casual meal.
Ok, I normally like this place, especially for a light brunch on weekends, but I'm forced to give it only 2 stars because I found a used, bloody band-aid in my french fries. YES, you read correctly: a used, bloody band-aid. Unfortunately I discovered it after I had already finished half my fries, and when I did find it I almost threw up. They apologized and didn't charge me for my meal, but frankly it's hard to imagine something worse than that in your food (maybe a severed finger and/or a dead mouse). Needless to say, I'm not going back.
Food.... is decent. They do cook over open flame which I like.Waitstaff.... runs hot and cold. Sometimes friendly and efficient sometimes it's as if you are annoying them by being there.Price....EXPENSIVE. Two burgers with fries, we split a salad, two glasses of house wine, one bottle of seltzer= $59.00. $71.00 with tip is outta hand for two just decent burgers.If they added dessert crepes with ice cream I would be a weekly dessert customer.
Mmm! I went here for lunch today. It was like 120 degrees out (San Franciscospeak for 84 degrees) and I was on my bike. I was debating whether to climb the freaking hill and finally said, "fuck it. I want my hamburger." So up the hill I went! Pant pant pant.Finally, after waiting to cool off a bit, I got myself an outside table and ordered a hamburger, rare-how God intended us to eat meat, and holy cow, was it good. This is one of the few places where you can order a burger rare and they'll serve it to you pink. Moo.By the way, the waiters are French too, for all the francophiles in the city.
Went there with coworkers for lunch last month and loved it. The ambiance is diner-ish and made instant friends at the counter. The French burger was delightful and I ate every bite. I'm definitely going back and sending all my friends.
Definitely a culinary treat. I had been to the old Chez Maman in Bernal Heights, but had not been to the new location yet. There were three of us and we were seated at the bar, since there are only two small tables in the entire restaurant. The food was fabulous. I had the veggie burger, which was not ordinary at all. In fact, it was some kind of hummus concoction with eggplant that was amazing. Mmmmmmmm.
Thick juicy burgers crammed with blue cheese and assorted goodies, dear God - it's amazing stuff!I love the size of the restaurant (small and intimate) and the service was excellent. Did I mention the blue cheese burgers??In case you couldn't tell, I love this place.
yumm yummm yummmm! What great service and a great eatery!
after reading all the yelp hype, i was salivating for the burger.  came here on a nice hot sunny day.......... though i read the reviews, i was still surprised to find the place was super tiny -- just a long counter seating with 1 or 2 tables inside, kinda tight & narrow, a lil too cozy for me..... so we sat outside, but i didn't like that we were sitting at a small table on the hillside. i was constantly concerned of our wine glasses tipping over.i enjoyed the rose, which was perfect for the warm sunny day.food:-endives with pears, walnuts, roquefort cheese........was expecting a refreshing tossed salad for the hot day, but instead the salad seemed warm or "cooked". will never order this again.- burger -- the burger meat itself lacked seasoning & flavor, so it was disappointingly very bland. the burger meat should be able to stand alone, this was not the case.  its saving grace was everything else -- i enjoyed the soft roll, the interesting rich additions of brie, bacon & fried egg.  i was disappointed with all the hype. i want to give chez maman another chance but @ the union st. location, which is bigger with more elbow room & breathing space.
Okay, so it's tiny, always busy, and it's really hard to get a table.That said, it's so worth it. Good burgers that can be topped with French cheeses (try it with the roquefort), or even a fried egg (it's good!). The fries are GREAT. I haven't tried the crepes, but the expression on my girlfriend's face seemed to indicate that they're pretty good too. Oh, and it's cheap.This is the place to hit if you want affordable in Potrero.
I really like this place. I recently moved to P. Hill and have passed by both Chez Maman and Chez Papa and I owed my friend a Bday dinner. So we went here and had a wonderful dinner for a reasonable price. Waiter was very French and the food was great! The place is a wee bit small but we didn't have to wait, but I could see a potential to normally have to wait to be seated.
I have had lunch there a couple of times. Service is really good, food is good and the waiter always seems to be in a great mood! I wanted to go there for lunch today but it was packed. They do not have enough seating but that is a part of the attraction!
Hands down the best nicoise salad and burger/frites of any place in the world. The whole wide world. My favorite food in the whole city.
The place here is a bit cramped. You're lucky if you get can get one of the two small tables (each seats two) by the window. Otherwise, you'll have to settle for sitting at the counter. But it's all worth it because the food here is excellent. The food is fresh and tasty, the wine is good, and the restaurants workers are genuinely French.
This charming restaurant gets 4.5 stars-I really enjoyed the baked Camembert, french onion soup, chocolate mousse, and creme brulee. My only complaint was sitting at the counter with the heat ;) but hey I got to watch them cook and at least we sat down really fast.
Steak frites + red wine + ambiance = 5 stars
I should have read Yelp before I went. Cozy and warm is how I'd describe this place. The waiter is cute too. I had the french onion soup but I didn't like the huge amount of cheese on top, though the soup itself was tasty. I would recommend ordering it, "easy on the cheese." Then I had the mussels which didn't taste as fresh as could be. My sister had the mahi mahi and that was juicy and tasty. My husband ordered the steak and it was great. You have to go early. Seating is limited and waiting outside in Potrero is very cold. I'd try the hamburgers next time.
I used to live around the Portrero Hill neighborhood and Chez Maman was the one place I never grew tired of. It feels more cozy than crowded even when the place only fits up to 15 diners. I also love that you can see all the kitchen action while you're waiting for your food to come. Now everytime my girlfriend comes to visit from New York, it's a "Can we please eat at Chez Maman?"Must try:- Steak- French Onion Soup (weekends only)- Salmon Panini
I had been to the short lived Bernal location and was disappointed, although it had just opened. Finally got around to trying the original (and the newer Union St. location) and am glad it lives up to the hype. Solid food + reasonable price = repeat business. Four of us went on a recent rainy Sunday night and managed to score the window tables. (Note: otherwise it's all counter seating.) Big glass or red wine, a bowl of yummy mussels and a side of fries hit the spot.
the only downside is that this place is smaller than tiny.amazing guacamole with fresh made-before-your-eyes tortilla chips. delicious goat cheese quesadilla. perfect nutella crepe (hold the bananas please.) LOVE this place.
Had lunch here with a friend and it was one of the best lunches I've had in San Francisco. Sounds silly but the iced tea was fantastic. We got the chips and guacamole for a starter. Normally I wouldn't order that but the chips were freshly fried and the guacamole was great. I had the merguez (lamb sausage) panini with grilled onions and gruyere. The sausage was increadible and even the salad on the side was perfectly dressed. My friend had the chicken and mushroom quesadilla with gruyere and creme fraiche. Will definitely be back!
Very very pleasant. We really enjoyed our visit here Sunday, the light filled room and cheese filled crepes made for a perfect San Francisco brunch moment. The skilled bustling behind the counter was a nice backdrop to focus on while alternately scoping out the interesting mix of people dining and chatting idly between bites. The crepes were very tasty, the frites good, I look forward to coming back and trying out other dishes here.Now if only I could afford to buy the spiffy little 1.8 million dollar open house we checked out around the corner I know I could eat as richly as I'd live.
Mixed reactions to Chez Maman. Surprisingly, the service was fantastic, even though they tried to be typical French ;-) I loved the bread, the dessert crepes and the steak. However, I liked, but wasn't thrilled with the savory crepe I ordered. It had all the makings of a fantastic crepe - brie, prosciutto, and creme fraiche, but somehow the execution didn't live up to the ingredients. The brie was too chunky, and not melted enough, the crepe itself was a little soft and the innards were lukewarm. Also, I have to say that their wine collection wasn't all that, but its not supposed to be a fancy schmancy place, so I dont fault them for that. Overall, good place to pop in for a casual meal.
So with 40 reviews, what can I add?Hit this place after doing the Anchor Steam Brewery Tour . . . you won't regret it. Good fresh food, dependable service . . . I've been here 3-4 times, consistent. I like consistent.
My husband and I were coming to the city for a Potrero Hill walk. But by late afternnon I was hungry and the traffic just exacerbated my pangs. Remembering a nod to Chez Maman from the 7X7, that 's where we headed. It was early and we seemed to come at the tail end of lunch so we took one of two tables (yes, it is small with only a counter plus the two tables). Steak Frites had been recommended (with the peppercorn sauce and aioli) so that's what I ordered while my husband ordered the Carbonara. First though, we had the french onion soup and warm goat cheese arugula salad. The food in a word was outstanding. Our waiter, Laurent, could teach many others a thing or two: attentive but not overbearing, accomodating but not pushy, friendly by not overly gratuitous. Okay, so that's three. We were stuffed, but figured if the food was this good the desserts could not be missed. We shared a pot de creme and wow, so rich and velvety and chocolatey. So glad we shared it because it was ALOT! We walked out very full and happy, and will return.
i'm impressed .... in fact, im happy... but not happy that i probably put on a good 5 lbs, unfortunately, not on my boobs... :Xthe french onion soup & their burgers are quite outta control....deadly, if you ask me... you can put in whatever you choose so we both opted for bacon and melted brie cheese ... just imagine ... a deadly combo, don't ya think?ARGH!~place is quite tiny, quaint in fact, and the guys are super friendly and easy to please. it has this long bar to sit at and maybe three little tables in the front.you just HAFTA get their french onion soup, and yes, you must get it or else ... anyways, after they take your soup away, THATS when they start making your burger, right in front of your face.. i swear, i was going crazy as i saw my burger melt away with brie cheese ... ahhhhh ....GOOD STUFF ... ok now, i must excuse myself and go on an instant 5 lb diet, before i venture out on another SF excurision and add on a few more lbs. ta da~
My favorite neighborhood restaurant. Tasty, tasty panini and frites. And they serve my favorite cider ever - Woodchuck.
When I'm looking for somewhere new to eat, I always look to yelp. I decided to check out this place with a few friends from work. After reading the reviews I had to try the basic burger and it was worth it. I am not a huge burger fan but the burger filled with delicious herbs, on grilled fresh ciabatta, avocado and brie was so wonderful we have all decided to make this a weekly lunch date. I had a bite of the chicken pesto panini and it was delicious as well. The atmosphere is intimate, to say the least. You have your choice of two inside two person tables, two outside two person tables or the counter. The counter is a great place to sit and watch your food being made. The kitchen is clean and the staff are consistently wiping up between each plate made. The chefs also change their gloves between anything they touch that may be considered cross contamination. The frenchman behind the counter is a delight and makes the experience a little better. The food and the staff make this a great place for a lunch date.
I love this neighborhood joint. Its small but the food is amazing and I've never had a dish I wasn't in love with. The guy who's always serving their is amazing at making sure that you get everything you want (and didn't know you wanted) and still turning over tables so that no one is waiting too long. If you have to wait more than ten minutes for a table, know that its totally worth it.
french onion soup, check. arugula salad with crusted goat cheese, dear lord, check. two itty bitty tables (that's it!), check. real frenchies workin' it, check. right in my neighborhood, check yeah, baby. but note this: the frenchies don't do veggie well, and they know it. but they have to offer a veggie option in SF and they know that, too. so don't be a sucker; don't order the veggie crepe, and you should be fine. voila!
Chez Maman is my favorite and will always be my favorite! It's a tiny little place in Potrero Hill - a guarantee wait for a spot. I have never seen it not busy. The wait is worth it! Everyything I have had there has always been good. My top favorites are the endive salad, the chicken panini, steak quesadillas, and of course the chestnut crepes! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it...The service is OK...there is always just 1 waiter to take care of the whole place so it can be slow - but hey, it's french, what do you expect. It's worth it...They opened up shop in Bernal Heights as well. The other 1 waiter I recognized works there. It's a bigger space - food is still yummy and has a great atmosphere.
Great food wonderful service in the smallest restaurant ever
The place is small, mostly counter seating and a good spot for a bite to eat with a good friend. It's not the place you want to go with a group larger than 2 or 3. If you're in the mood for a good burger this is your place. Cooked medium, topped with grilled onions, swiss and aioli on sliced sourdough, with a side of frites. YUM. The only thing you should NOT order here is their ice tea, it's horrible.
i can only say good things about this place. i often work late, and it's one of just a few "go to" spots in the city for me. merguez is always spot-on. some people don't like the heat from the grill--but i love watching the guys make the food. simple, straightforward and tasty. it's an experience, best experienced late on a weeknight.
A regular for my husband and me - The Potrero Hill branch is a tiny cramped restaurant with 10 bar stools and 2 two-seater tables, memorable and engaging waiters, amazing paninis (I like the tomato, brie, and proscuitto), AWESOME french onion soup (served only on the weekends) and really tasty burgers. Other favorites include the camembert appetizer and the steak frites...Yes, it's sometimes a pain to wait for a seat, but it's a cute area and there are benches outside where you can sip some wine while you wait.
Went back again and was sat by the window seat. Had a goat cheese burger this time and I also tried a few bites of my girlfriend's pasta. Finished with the creme brulee. Delish.
Know this first, it's very, very small... That being said, it well worth the wait. I first found "this one" after the one in Bernal Heights closed down (very sad). Love, love, love the chicken crepe -- as well as the pork chop, actually anything I've had has been great. Service is wonderful and while it is a small place (with long waits at times) I never felt "rushed" or "pressured" to finish up and go as...well... you know "other establishments in SF" can do. Parking is relatively easy.
one of the most cozy n yummy french bistro around..tiny,warm n friendly..love the burgers on that amazing rustic bun!! n fries what can i say luv it!!! be back soon!!! if u haven't been go go go...
Thanks to "Check Please Bay Area" for another great recommendation!Love the luncheonette counter vibe and being able to watch my meal prepared. Didn't get a burger although they looked great and that was what most of the other diners had ordered, as well as lots of mussels and steak frites. I had the Mix Salad with Pistou and added some chicken and a great glass of wine. Warm hospitality and a reasonable value.
Mmmm.. my favorite burger on the face of the planet.  I used to live across the street from this place, and I never appreciated it enough until we moved down to the Peninsula (where the best burger can be found at the Village Pub in Woodside, by the way...). The meat is finely ground, cooked perfectly to order, and served on a delicious roll - crust is crispy, crumb is tender and airy - and smeared with garlic aioli. For that extra-decadent touch, add a slice of brie, and you are in artery-clogging heaven. The fries are crispy and not greasy at all, and go down altogether too easily, especially with a pint of beer. Crepes and egg dishes are also delicious -- perfect brunch-size to leave you full but not so stuffed you can't eat for the rest of the day.I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place.
off the hook.  went there last night for the first time. part way through the meal i had a foggy vision of the (sadly) closed L'amour Dans La Four in terms of the cozy, neighborhood, unassuming feel of the place, and, oh yeah, the awesome food!tried to order the mussels, but the dude said he wasn't pleased with the shipment that had come in that morning so he wasn't serving them. thanks guy, you now have my complete trust. after a few tasty apps that we shared, i went for the burger w brie in place of the mussels. freaking good!creme brulee + cafe au lait to end things off was also a hit.
I love their French Onion soup. Everything else has been so so. I come back for the soup....and once came for the soup and they were out?!!!?!!? Very depressing.
best burgers and fries i've had in portrero hill. fish sandwiches, veggie burgers are also fantastic.  will definitely return to try their crepes next time.
Nice place to have brunch on a Sunday.Great pomme frites and burgers. Suggest you sit outside on a nice day.
this restaurant is delightfully cozy and the food is delicious! the burgers, ratatouille and creme brulee were all excellent. it's a beautiful restaurant with great francemosphere (french atmosphere) and perfect for taking a date out. everyone sits very close together - it's a long, narrow room where everyone sits up at the bar - which makes for great conversation. cost-wise: honestly, i've paid the same amount for a hamburger at burgermeister on church, so i'll take "delicious burger at delightfully cozy restaurant" over "okay burger at crack-head-filled burger joint" any time.
Insanely delicious burgers and paninis. Wonderful bar - seat and watch you food get prepared in front of you.
This is THE place for burgers if you're a burger snob like me. I'm a big fan of adding bacon and brie to the standard. The place is definitely small and very packed in, but I think it adds to the cozyness of it all. The service is also good and they make you feel very welcome.
Need a burger fix? This is the place. Get a basic burger, add some cheese and frites and you will be happy as a clam. They have savory & sweet crepes, salads and Panini sandwiches. Small place, short menu. The Chocolate mouse is perfection, rich but light. Have it with a cup of their great java and you're all set. Go at an off time and you will have no problems getting seated.
This is a favorite for my husband, brother, and myself. It serves great food, is a unique venue, and is affordable for SF. Love it! Get there early because there is not much seating. I love how you get to watch your food being made and practice your French. Merci!
Chez Maman is a nice, do I dare use the word cute little French place near the corner of Fillmore and Union. On a weekday night it is easy to score a table. Inside is warm, nicely decorated with candles, splashes of red paint and pictures. You are seated close to other tables, so be comfortable with that. But it is no worse than any other restaurant. Burger was excellent. Got it with Roquefort, which I can never pronounce and is blue cheese. Served on a baguette with great shoe string fries. Nothing on the menu is ridiculously expensive, which can happen in a French restaurant in SF.Have Kronenberg on tap and many more beers in the bottle. While the ambiance, service and food was four stars. The desert was horrible. I do not KNOW if we got a bad Creme Brulee, but it was bad, bad. Custard tasted bad and no crunchy surface. I love breaking into a creme brulee, I literally had to use my knife to cut it. Was more gummy than anything.Skip the desert!
yummmmm.... this little french restaurant is delicious! Everything is amazing.... burgers and fries to die for! Their soup of the days are mouth- watering! I love to sit on the counter, you can watch them cook your food. And the server with his french accent... "oui oui monsiuer!!" ...makes me wanna take french lessons! ..he he.. I'd definately go back again... and again... and again.
I was so sad when the Chez Maman in Bernal closed, but luckily I can still go over to the Potrero location. We were craving burgers tonight and Yelpers seemed to agree that CM was a damn good bet. How right they were. I called the, placed the order, arrived there 10 minutes later and my food was ready. Got it home and GODDAMN was it great. My partner was especially enamored with the goat cheese in her burger. I'm not going to beat around the bush - Chez Maman is just freakin' terrific...
Please check out Chez Papa as well...this place is its bistro counterpart- think steak au poivre with pommes frites, burgers, salades vertes au rocquefort...this is a place you go with friends...
Yummy. I can't decide if I like the food or desserts better. Yummy yummy frites. Also, the owner will give you a list, in order of importance, of cities to visit if you're ever in the South of France. A big plus, in my opinion. Just don't ask him about Paris...
On a Friday night, when it's cold and damp, there's no place better for steak frites and french onion soup, not to mention a good frisee and a stylish counter dining experience.  Love it.
Came to Chez Maman once for dinner on a Friday night and waited about 15 minutes to sit at the bar. Sitting at the bar is fun because you get to watch them making all of the crepes, which was so reminiscent of the crepe place they used to have in W20. It's a really small place, definitely dark and cozy, and not good for parties greater than 3 or 4.I had the savoyarde crepe, which had bechamel sauce, tomato, proscuitto, and brie. It was absolutely delicious. Service was great, and the head guy was helpful and friendly. Everything on the menu looked super good, I definitely want to go back and try more.
I had a hard time deciding between 3 and 4 stars. Chez Maman serves exceptionally good food, but the tiny space has very cramped and unappealing seating options. There is a strip of counter seating (which is great for dining alone) plus two small bistro tables jammed into a small cove at the front of the restaurant. There is some outdoor seating, but it's on a somewhat steep slope and not very comfortable either. If the seating options were better, we would dine there much more often. The menu is a little limited, but everything I've had there has been delicious.
YUM. This place totally hit the spot after late night shopping at the readymade party. I should also say we were lucky and got 4 seats at the bar within about 10 minutes. I had the crepe complete.... ham, gruyere, and an egg on top. delish. also the crepe was perfectly made. friend had the pork chop with brussel sprouts and we marveled at how nicely the grill marks were made. it's fun being so close to the cooking. This is definitely a place where a party of 4 is veering on the two big side. go early, or late.. otherwise, there will almost definitely be a wait.  atmosphere is super cute.....get the fries, and skip dessert.
yummy! or should i say, fantastique?i heard the burgers were awesome. my friends opted for the croque madames which are just the ham and cheese sandwiches with an egg on top. i had the complete (ham, egg, cheese crepe). i could not finish mine and felt that it was just a waste that my eyes are bigger than my stomach. my other friend had the smoked salmon panini - they cut the sandwich in half on a diagonal cut and make a heart shape - cute!i recommend that you share the warm goat cheese salad since they are so generous. the diabolous? i think that is how you spell it, is a fizzy lemonade with your choice of many flavoured syrups. i like the almond. argh, i had to slid myself off the barstools (the place is tiny) and rolled out the door. the petite patisserie is so close by and makes a perfect coffee and pastry stop if you dare to manage it.
Great burger!Cozy atmosphere- small and quaint, fun place.Crowded and have to get here early (we did- 5:30pm good for those early birds) But really- got this off a list of the best burgers in SF and I have to agree- this is the best one so far!Hard crusty bread, great burger, blue cheese, delicious soup, yumm dessert, all in all a great quaint find.
You have to try the French onion soup and the hamburger! The soup had a perfectly melted layer of cheese and the broth was fantastic. My burger was so good my fiance finished his sandwich and had some of mine.
i really really like these burgers. really.
I wake up in the middle of the night with cravings for their chicken burger with avocado. In fact, I think I will have to get one tonight. Everything about this place is warm and cozy from sitting right next to the stove watching your food being cooked to the delicious seasoned fries and bar seating. GO NOW. You won't regret it.
Craving a fabulously tasty burger while up in the SF area for New Years... I followed the advice of fellow yelpers and headed over to this oh so cool ditty of a place. Much to mine and the boyfriends enjoyment, we had one of the best romantic eves out with some of the best food we've ever had the pleasure of indulging ourselves with. The service was sweet, friendly, and oh so personable.
How is it possible to feel like you're in Europe when really you're sitting on a sidewalk in Potrero Hill??  I really couldn't tell you but I really felt like I could be on another continent.... we snagged a table outside and it was a gorgeous day, the server was very attentive despite the distance (I find that sitting outside often = being ignored) and I had a wonderful chicken foccacia with salad. What a lot of pleasure packed into one tiny place!
This place is TINY! I got a table outside and the table felt like it was going to slide down the street. My husband got the famous burger and enjoyed it. The mayo was amazing. I got the nicoise salad and it was bleh. The potatos were undercooked and the flavor was just off. I am still happy to try it, but probably won't go back unless we are in the area.
Some call the French "Surrender Monkeys", I call them the best God damn burgerologists ever. I will fight for you! Defend your arrogant foodie ways! Just keep on doing what you're doing. Bless your garlic mayo with fries. Bless your sexy buns that don't lose their structural integrity at the first sight of a juicy patty. God bless you Frenchies! (Sniffle...)
I'm not a huge fan of French food, but I heard such great reviews of this place that my boyfriend and I just had to check it out for ourselves. I had a burger with nothing on it, and he had the prosciutto panini. He liked his a lot, mine was just ok. I should have gotten cheese on it or something. The people sitting near us all had eggs and cheese on theirs, and they thought it was so good, I'll do that next time. For not liking French food that much, this place was good.
new hot spot for me and myhubby/friends. burgers and the french onion soup is to die for .
It's tiny, but worth waiting for a seat. It's entertaining to watch them prepare the food right in front of you while you sit at the bar. I've had one of the quesadillas, it was ok, and the burger is fantastic, but the best of all was the chips and guacamole (are those French?) Holy cow! They are homemade chips, but more like thick tortillas not thoroughly fried so they are still soft. Yummy! The service is always good. I've had the same French guy who is a little rude, but in a funny way (he told my friend he was ruining his fries with all the ketchup.) One of the many reasons I love this neighborhood.
Rich French food, bright and comforting, somewhat elegant and organic, wish the servings were larger for the price. Still, love the pressed sandwiches and the nicoise salad. It's nice to sit out front, though the hill's a bit slanted, on a warm day. Huh? Warm day on Potrero hill? Chez Maman!
The pirate's brother and wife adore this place. One of their faves. So we decided to try CM. Be prepared to be transported to one of the busy little alleys in the Le Marais or some cozy corner in Lyon. I had the marquez panini and p had the madame with egg. Simple foods but done so right; it keeps you wanting to come back for more.
Chez has quickly become my "go to" restaurant for pretty much any meal of the day. I think I have been there 4 times in the past 2 weeks. The same waiter is always working and he provides excellent service. The burgers are exceptional, the chicken is savory, and the atmosphere is perfect any time of the day.
Decent place, simple food. The best thing about it is the incredibly small size & close proximity to the action in the kitchen. I wish the menu had a bit more variety ... there are some interesting things, but I always seem to have trouble finding something to eat here. Salads are fair, sandwiches are ok... the frites and crepes are great, but ... eh, not much else there. Seems to be open later than some of the Po' Hill restaurants. Does the size of the place constrain the menu? Seems like perhaps it does.
Just to add my voice to the crowd, the steak and pommes frites are reason enough to trek long distances just to visit Chez Maman. My other favorite thing is the very simple, very delectable, warm goat cheese salad with arugula and onions marinated in balsamic vinegar. Skip Chez Papa, daddy's got nothing on Maman.
Delicious! The food was excellent. It's not overly elaborate - it's just about good ingredients and interesting combinations of flavors. The service was perfect. The ambiance isn't French-snooty...it's actually very comfortable and relaxed, which really added to the experience.
This is my favorite place to eat in the neighborhood. Dining in and for take out! I love their basic burger with brie and fries. They have the best fries & the most yummy aioli sauce. That's pretty much the only thing I ever order. Unless it's on the weekend, then I'll order their french onion soup. I wish they would have that every day of the week. It's to die for! The only thing about this place is that it's tiny, although very cozy, you have to wait for seats half of the time you go there. So we end up ordering take out most of the time.
I love this place. Especially if i get a spot at the counter. It can get busy, but it's worth the wait. I'm thinking I need to go there tomorrow ;)
Tiny little counter of Frenchy heaven. Everything's delicious here and once the waiter even lent us his jacket because we were chilly. Wish they had fatter fries though.
hip trendy great foodie place!
Nice atmosphere, especially during the evening. Their burgers were quite possibly the best burger I've ever had. I saw a couple eating the clam dish next to us, which I want to order next time I go there.
This is a great little place, emphasis on little for dining. I love love love their mussels and burgers. Their frites, are great shoestring potatoes with salt and herbs tossed together so each one has the perfect saltiness. If you like aioli, you like theirs but the fries are perfect without it. One of my friends makes a point of going here for their grilled sandwiches, croque monsieurs and such. Sidewalk seating if the weather is good. Oh yeah, the cute french waiters are great, Laurent is my favorite though.
I can't believe it took me so long to write a review about Chez Maman! We have been going there for so long and it is one of my favorite places for a quick meal. It is very tiny and cozy, basically there are only the counter and two small tables. The food is great and the service is competent. There are so many great dishes there, but for brunch I usually order the huevos rancheros, crepe monsieur or eggs benedict. All of them are divine! The crepes and moules are great too! Faster and cheaper option than Chez Papa, their other restaurant around the corner (that is also amazing).
great burger, fab pork loin, lovely crepe, small and cozy athmosphere with cool and dedicated staff. i like the fact that you can sit at the bar and watch them cook you food right in front of you.
great place for brunch or an off hour nosh. Minus a point for the limited menu, and the wee-small size that means you are likely to smell a bit like the fry-o-lator when you walk out.
Very good food. Sometimes a long wait to be seated.
LOSE THE 'TUDE!!!!I used to love this place. However, when my husband and I tried to grab a quick lunch a couple Fridays ago ......we had our 6month old w/us in a car seat (he was asleep) and walked into the half empty restaurant (I know the place is teeny tiny - but there were literally only 4 people in it at the time), the waiter just looked at us like we had a third arm coming out from our heads. I asked if it was ok to come in with the baby and he literally just stared at me without moving. I repeated myself and no answer. Even the customers were trying to be accomodating, but not the staff. Hmmmm, go figure....and I thought the waiters worked for tips???Needless to say we went elsewhere, and won't be back. There are too many good, service-oriented restaurants in SF to put up with this kind of substandard service. (By the way, we've found Town Hall, Palomino, Liberty Cafe, Q, Le Zinc and AmberJack (just to name a few) to be super accomodating with strollers - for lunch and dinner!
I prefer this place so much more than Chez Papa. I guess I just like the cozy, more simple atmosphere and service that's much more personal. Everything I've had here rocks--the crepes, the burgers.. but what's become a staple for me here is their steak & frites. The New York Steak w/ Fries and green peppercorn sauce is dee-lish. Don't order your steak well done, or them Frenchies be given you a [well-deserved] hard time! ;-) It's a counter w/ only a couple tables, so expect a wait.
I've been to Chez Maman at least half a dozen times, and in true Grace fashion, I ordered the same item each time. The salmon burger is fantastic--it consists of a piece of grilled salmon sandwiched between two slices of fresh ciabatta (?) bread, and the toppings include salad, caramelized onions, and aioli. In addition, their chocolate mousse is definitely worth the calories and easily rivals that of Ti Couz's (for which I wrote a glowing review).
fantastic. egg on burger. home-made flaming crepes. need i say more? ok yes, i need to say a little bit more: nobody told me how teenytiny this restaurant is. and i mean really teenytiny. i'd been to the one in the marina and loved it, and assuming the ph venue was similar, i went and was surprised to find out: no tables!!! ok, that's unfair, there are two tables, each seating two people and there's space for about 8 at the bar. this means you might get a table if you're lucky enough to wander in right when someone's getting up from their hour-half dinner. moral of the story: go only as a pair (not as a three or four-top - this is about the size of pizzetta 211 in the richmond and unless you like to try to have a conversation with people down the bar, going there with more than 2 people is pretty tricky) and plan to enjoy some amazing fantastic ohmigod wonderful french food (authentic, not americanized!) if you need something bigger or with actual tables, try chez papa (same owners) which is right down the block.
This is my favorite local restaurant. The food is so delicious, the prices are reasonable and the staff is kind and efficient.
nice tiny restaurant at potrero hill. People sit down at the bar. A bit on the expensive side, but they say they are french.
oh mama! how i wish i lived closer to you!this is french comfort food at its finest!!!i can hardly contain my excitement whenver i'm at chez maman. this is how it goes:i sit at the counter and scan the menu.my heart starts to race because everything looks so good.i really want to order every dish on the menu.after changing my order for the fifth time, i remain calm as i wait and watch the food preparation that's happening right in front of my eyes.this is where i lose it.......forget abu ghraib. this is pure torture...i'm not going to wait anymore. i'm jumping over the counter. i'm eating in the kitchen!although everything on the menu is superb, some of my favorites are steak or ham quesadilla, crepe complete, hamburger, fries... one of these days, i'm going to starve myself. then go to chez maman and order all of the aforementioned items and gain 10 pounds overnight.damn, how do french stay so skinny?
Formidable! Great burgers. To die for chocolate mousse. Extra points for not rushing me out the door.
Incredible steak frites (you'll want to drink the sauce that comes with it), great burgers served on dense ciabatta rolls, and truly satisfying semi-snooty, semi-neighborhoody, French-from-France service. This place loses a star because it's really small - sitting at the counter is part of what makes the place awesome, but it also means a lot of the time you can't get in.Oh, but it IS open from 11 a.m. on, which is a big plus and something I didn't see a lot of in San Francisco. Why do places close from 2 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.? Some people want a late lunch!
me and my gf are addicted to it....really good food
Excellent cozy atmosphere, wonderful frites, but an omelette on a bun does not equal a vegetarian burger in my books.
Crepes are good. Cheeseburger was great -- toasted french roll, brie cheese, bacon, tasty little meat patty. The place is teeny; like two tables and a bar kinda teeny.
chez maman has delicious, unpretentious food that feels good on a cold, winter night. the baked camembert is really tasty, but you must like roasted garlic. you get half a bulb of roasted garlic and ramekin filled with oozy melting camembert and you lavish your toasts and bread with both to your heart's content! yum! salads are solid - i've had the warm goat cheese salad and the mixed salad with eggs, goat cheese, and balsamic vinaigrette - both were good, though perhaps not necessarily the reason to visit. The soups are always comforting and delicious. The burger is fantastic, as many have already said. Comes on a nicely toasted ciabatta bun with your choices of yummy cheeses like goat cheese or brie or roquefort and you can splurge on some bacon, avocado, or an egg. I really like the mussels and frites - the thai one is really yummy! The restaurant is super tiny - a long bar and just two small tables inside. Bring a friend and expect to wait unless you go on a Monday night or something!
Started writing this a while ago; meant to sit on it for a few days. I thought that after a little time I would look at the place less unfavorably. Well. I suppose the visit was so traumatic that I forgot about it. Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months... and here we are. It was going to be my first Yelp review - still is, in fact, as I've decided that I won't publish any other ones until after this goes up. I just can't let it go. Sorry for the tortuous length and terrible writing; perhaps that alone can convey how poor my experience was.===I have, in fact, had a burger that was worth getting smashed in the face before (A long time ago, in St. Louis, I had accidentally tripped over the owner's feet while I was leaving. I'm clumsy, so what?). And there are number of restaurants I visited that - perhaps owing to location, or because of the particular company that I had at the time - were worth the risk of bodily injury.This was not one of those places.Let me start off by saying that I did not go to the restaurant after seeing Check Please (or whatever TV show it was). I started working in the area recently and today I had a hankering for a burger. So I hopped on Yelp and saw the four star review. I quickly skimmed the comments people left on their burgers; they looked promising, so I headed off to Maman with anticipation.The restaurant was packed, or as packed as a place with maybe a dozen bar seats and four tables (two outside) could be. First sign of trouble: for the first 10 minutes of my wait, there was pretty much no acknowledgment that I even existed. I suppose when you're that busy you can decide if you want to say hello or not. Out of courtesy I decided to not take one of the tables outside and instead decided to wait.On one trip out with a tray of wine, Olivier accidentally spilled a glass onto a patron's table. Eh, it happens. I began to open the door for him since he still had tray and glasses in hand. And he just KICKS the door wide open. I'm pretty surprised that the glass didn't shatter, or maybe he did that before and they replaced it with Lexan. Anyway, not very professional, and if I hadn't jumped out of the way in time, I'd probably have a big mark on my nose from it.Fast forward another 15 minutes, to when a seat opens up at the bar. Having studied the menu during my interminable wait, I know what I want: the french onion soup, a burger with Roquefort, and french fries with aioli. There's no possible way I could go wrong, right?Soup: If had to use one word to describe it, it would be: mediocre. Oh, there was nothing wrong with it. Yes it was creamy. Yes it was cheesy. Yes it was salty. The problem was that there was nothing particularly remarkable about it, nothing that would explain why everybody is head over heels for it. But that's fine; I certainly wasn't here for soup.Burger: Disaster. This is not a burger; I don't know what it is. Maybe a sandwich, if that. I should have ordered a panini. First, the bun: I don't know what it is, which is a shame because I love bread, absolutely adore it - but I can never identify it. No matter; look through the gallery (I did not; my mistake) for it. Remember it. Burn it in your memory. This type of bread might be good for paninis or chicken sandwiches, perhaps even a cut of lamb?, but not burgers. Not squishy, not very absorbent of juices. Oh wait - what juices? I ordered my burger medium rare; a quick incision shows that it is brown all the way through. I bite into it - ugh. I can only taste Roquefort. I open up the burger some more - I am faced with a mountain of Roquefort. After scraping some off and a couple swallows of water to wash away the taste, I take a second bite.The meat. It is like chewing a soft sponge (Yes, I have chewed sponges before. Don't ask). It is the first time I have ever put in lettuce and tomatoes that were on the side. It is the only way I will be able to finish it. Side note: the tomato slices were pretty tasty. I wonder what sort of signal it would have sent had I eaten just the tomato slices and left the rest of the burger untouched. Oh well, at least I still had the fries. I love fries! Maybe I'll just eat these and deal with the burger afterward.Fries: Strike three. Terrible. Over-salted. Guilty of the most heinous crime that a fry can commit: not being crisp. I would force feed this to my enemies, them bound to a small wooden chair, with them having no water to drink for the past 12 hours. And I would make sure to feed these tiny fries to them slowly. One. At. A. Time.I don't know. Perhaps it was a perfect storm of events that led to this poor showing: Olivier losing his temper, mediocre soup, overcooked burger, terrible fries. One of these occurring, still okay. Two, salvageable. Three, bad news. But all four? I might give their Union St location a shot one of these days (because I'm an optimist; it can't be worse, right?). However, I'm pretty sure I won't be coming back here.
Chez Papa, Chez mama is soooooo goood! I went there for the first time a few weeks back had some wine, an awsome salad and one of the best pork chops I've ever had I also tried my boyfriends veal which was also very tasty. This place only sits around 10-15 people and is very small but the wait is well worth it. The employees and customers were nice and I have only good things to say about Chez Maman.
they usually only have one waiter in this place bc there really isnt enough space for two. there are only about 10-15 seats in the whole place so you gotta wait if you dont beat the crowd. however, they do have the sweetest waiters there. one night, my friend and i went there after work and we were the only people left in the restaurant. the waiter was eating his dinner too but he didnt tell us they were closed. we figured it out and decided to take the check but he said we didnt have desert yet like we told him we planned. then he insisted that it was ok for us to stay later. how sweet
Delicious if unadventurous fancy fast food as other reviewers have noted. Unless you enjoy sitting too close to the burning hot sun, do not occupy the seats at the bar directly in front of the grill. I ate a rich, delicious endive and blue cheese salad, followed by a burger that hit the spot, only to run home to shower. After sitting in a fireball for over an hour, I was sweaty and feeling fairly gross; an utterly unusual feeling on a San Francisco evening...
I decided to swing by this place to try their burger following the strong recommendation of a friend who calls herself the unofficial burger queen of San Francisco. She insists she has the highest of burger standards, and that Chez Maman's burger was easily on her top five list for the city's best. I placed the take-out call on my ride home from work and was told it'd be ready in 10 minutes. I arrived a couple minutes late after trying to find a parking spot in the neighborhood - as I was looking for parking, I realized it was Monday, which in Potrero Hill means all-you-can-eat pizza at the nearby Goat Hill Pizza restaurant. Parking can be a little tricky if you plan on dining around there on a Monday evening. The restaurant itself is very small with a narrow walkway behind a running counter of seats (maybe 8-10 of them?), plus a small table in the front, I believe. The burger was absolutely delicious - I got a medium-cooked burger with swiss and bacon, and a side of their fries which comes with ketchup and a garlic aioli dipping sauce (so good!). Halfway through my meal at home, I realized that I've had this burger and fries before. The restaurant now know as Pizza Nostra (a "sister restaurant" to Chez Maman) used to be another French-themed cafe, and they served pretty much the identical burger. Bad news is they are no longer there, because the ownership did not have as much success at that nearby location (apparently the pizza restaurant is faring better); good news is that I found that tasty burger and fries again. I will most definitely try the burger with the fried egg next time. I have to agree that this is one of the top 5 burgers I've had the pleasure of eating in the city in 9 years of living here.
Amazing. It was the perfect ending to a tough day of moving into our new neighborhood. We hiked up + down the hill to Chez Maman because we'd read so many great things about it here on Yelp, and yes, it delivered. My husband got the steak frites and was delighted. I asked for a crepe suggestion and the VERY nice server (despite previous Yelp posts) suggested the chicken. Amazing. It sounds hum-drum -- chicken with dijon mustard -- but it's so much more than that. We will go back again and again and again and again.
Yummy burgers & crepes!
cute, small. frenchie pressed sandwiches.
Nice place, good burger (I got medium rare with roquefort (blue) cheese.) It's tiny tiny tiny! There's only two tables for two and a counter inside. And it was really hot inside. We sat at a table outside, which was fine, except that not called Potrero Hill for nothing and I felt like I was about to fall over whenever I leaned back even a little bit in my chair. But no, the burger's great. It was well worth it, especially since I wasn't paying. The other form of entertainment was watching cars try to parallel park on the hill in front of a motorcycle.
Great Fritz!!! Wonderful Wine and no pretense, just a wonderful French bistro
Don't stop here if you are in a hurry because the service is very french with the staff taking their time. Other than that, the french food is awesome. I love to get a glass of champagne, the melted brie and garlic appetizer with bread and then the endive salad. Honestly, I stick with what I love so I haven't tried much else but everything I have seen brought out looks divine. Its a teeny-tiny space with only two-two person tables and then a counter but some reason I have always found a spot. The Chez Papa restaurant down the street is much more formal and frankly, in my opinion, not as good.
Damn, can you say fresh french five times fast? Maybe you can, but either way you'll wanna come to this place and grab a crepe, a steak, a burger or a sandwich, it is pretty good. Ultra tiny, cozy, you can feel the heat of the grill in the right seat. If it is too small, then your party is too big.
ok, I know another review isn't really needed, but that's never stopped me before, so whatever. Just got back from lunch at Chez Maman (finally!) and am definitely in love. I was disappointed at first that they didn't have the much touted french onion soup, but the waiter was kind enough to get me small sample of the soup of the day, Tomato Garlic and BOY! Wow! Yummy indeed. Very garlicky and on the creamy side, a bowl went down easy. Next up, I could not resist the Croque Madame. I could never stomach runny eggs as a kid, but something about them now is very comforting. The bread on this is key though - just like a light, eggy brioche, it soaked up all the egg and did a good job of holding up to the meat and cheese. I hate Rachel Ray, but YUMM-O! Definitely want to go back and try the onion soup and the burger. Minus one star just for the chair I was in, it was a but uncomfortable, but I will now know better about where to sit next time!
My go-to place in Potrero Hill. I love the croques, burgers, fries, aioli, champagne, service, decor, music, french talk...man, this place is HOT (seriously, it will keep you toasty if you have counter seating, which is 99% of the place). My husband swears by the mussels and the tuna panini's. I ALWAYS have a crepe with nutella and bananas for dessert! This place is quaint (small) and a perfect way to start off a romantic evening! Lovely!
I actually loved loved loved this little place. For what it is, you couldn't ask for a better experience. It's tiny and hot, but sitting near the stove, I could also see them cooking- which is reassuring and educational. I sat at the bar and enjoyed a salad, a burger, AND a crepe for dessert. I was in heaven. I can't wait to go back and bring my husband.
We went to Chez Maman on the way to the Experience Hendrix concert on a rainy Monday Night. It was easy to find coming form the south bay. We lucked out and found parking right away. We were able to sit right down at the counter. The heat from the stove was nice and warming though I think it might be hot in the summer. But they do have tables outside for when the weather is nice. I had seen this reviewed on Check Please Bay Area. I went with the recommended hamburger with goat cheese & Fries. It was very good. We had the soup of the day to start which was a tomato garlic that I cleaned up with the french bread. The wine list could be expanded, though I saw a wine shop next store. Not sure if you can BYOB. We finished with the crepe Suzette as the oven for the Creme Brule was not working. I would definitely like to come back and try one of the more French bistro dishes. It was exactly what we wanted though as we just wanted a quick bite and some wine before heading out. A very nice little neighborhood eatery.
My best friend took me here as a thank you for helping her move apartments. She told me it was the best burger she's had it a while and i did not believe her. But, i was wrong. We had the burger with brie cheese and fries and it was SO GOOD! I have been thinking about it ever since. Everything else on the menu looks great as well. The seating is minimal but worth it for the experience! Sit at the bar, it is more fun! The desert crepes are good too, gotta love the nutella!
If you can manage to get to Chez Maman on a warm early evening before the sun goes down, I definitely recommend opting in for one of the smaller, 2-top tables outside. This way you won't feel too cramped by this small yet delightful eatery in Potrero Hill. It's funny ... I recall that years ago this same location used to be a popular, lesbian owned breakfast spot, and the long, thin counter design and diner style service worked very well for a quick turnaround meal on the go. That said, you might not think it would work well as a semi-upscale french dinner establishment. But, somehow it just works very well. If you sit indoors, there's a couple of smaller tables with stools that let you sit above the fray and see the place. Menu-wise, you can enjoy good wine, tasty burgers, french fries, salads, crepes, paninis, and french style quesadillas. While the dining is less traditional than most french bistros, it is well worth the price and delicious. NOW SERVING BREAKFAST, so get ready to lineup.
Good burgers, nice smoked salmon crepe. Another tiny restaurant, seats about 12 people. Often a long wait.
Oh my!!! I just returned from the most fabulous lunch. I will be thinking about that burger for a long time. Yum!!  The wait staff was attentive and charming. The atmosphere quirky and quaint. Quite the culinary experience. love love love!
A great place to pop in or take out, the food is french bistro classics executed to perfection. What's more it's part of what i call the 'french restaurant mafia' (Chez Papa / Maman / La Suite / Plouf / Baraka) where you always get good service, solid food and good wine.
I love this Potrero Hill spot especially outside on a sunny Sunday afternoon with a glass of champagne.The croissants are yummy + buttery and the burger and salad nicoise are exceptional. I still love walking this little stretch of restaurants and shops...and a stop here is always a treat!
This is definitely one of our favorite places to eat in the city! It's a small place, so it is always crowded, but that is because the food here is SOOO GOOD! My faves here are the endive salad, salmon panini, steak, fries w/ aioli & the nutella banana crepe! Everything I've tried has been delicious. The staff is also very friendly and attentive. Definitely authenic frenchy food at it's finest!
AMAZING! I would give more stars if I could.  The place is tiny but it gives off a great feel to sit at the counter and chat. I had the best Latte of my life there, it was great. The french fries are really french (YUM) and the salmon burger was amazing.
One of the hidden restaurants I truly feel like TOKYO or SAN FRANCISCO - small restaurant with just a counter where 7 to 10 people could barely sit, and two tables... Just like Okina Sushi, it's so, so, city-like where only people who love food gather. Very nice cheese selections, crepes are not the best quality but still very good for the ones in this country (no offense but it's way better in Quebec or France, you know it...) and their burgers are purely San Franciscan - French ideas mixed with American culture. This place is one of the reasons why I love this city.
Excellent food and excellent value in a nice but informal setting. What could be better? I went to the one on Cortland back when it was still around and got a veggie crepe. It was delicious. Back then I hadn't heard much about Chez Maman. We ended up there after we were given a 2 hour wait time at Moki's. I remember the whole experience being really great. Over 2 years later we finally made it back to the original. And it was every bit as great. Since I don't eat red meat but have heard amazing things about the burgers, I tried the fish burger. So simple yet so good. And this was the first and only time I have ever been asked how I'd like my fish cooked. Medium rare, medium, well done etc.? I'm fairly sure I looked like a deer in headlights. I opted for medium rare because it sounds cool. Ultimately I don't think it mattered. It was very tasty. And the french onion soup is killer. Highly recommended.
me lub them long time... amazing tripple sexy sauce on the pork chopieee chop!!! i want moreee!!!
I think this place is good. Everything is consistant and the price point is not bad. I particularly like the chicken crepe and endive salad. The wine by the glass is just ok, but they have Chimay (I think on tap!) and that is mmmmm good!
great choice for lunch. i'd definitely return, but i really want to try chez papa (same owner) 2 stores down now. FOOD: took my friend visiting to lunch here since voted best lunch spot on citysearch. ~my panini was deeelicious & so was my friend's. she made me take a picture of her dish b/c they arranged the sandwich to look like a heart. ~baked camembert makes me drool just thinking about it, it was soooo gooood.DRINKS: i love the carefully selected wine & beer list. french places always have excellent taste.SERVICE: the server took a covert picture of us, which made me think what the hell is going on @ first, but then he was kind enough to e-mail it to me (after i forced him to ha!). love the service! merci aymerick.DECOR: simple counter setup. i like small places. we really liked the big mirror hanging above at an angle. i felt comfortable here, it's nice.BATHROOM: so tiny but clean.OVERALL: solid.
Great place to get mussels and fries and a nice glass of wine. Really casual. Nice french waiters, with a bit of cheeky attitude.
Ever get a pang of hunger late in the night? Drive out to this Potrero Hill location and sink your teeth into one Chez Mamans delicious burgers. Though its name is the basic burger it is far from it. They serve a seared burger patty on a toasted, crusty piece of ciabatta bread. Accompanying this is a side of finely shredded fries seasoned with garlic and parsley. Right as the burger is placed in front of you take the spring greens and fold them right on top of your hamburger. My favorite addition is the sweet pickled onions. Turn your experience into a cheeseburger by having them melt your choice of cheese, I recommend the roquefort. Dip your pommes frites into a side of garlic aioli and it's pure heaven. If you're going in a group of three or more go thier other locations but only the Potrero Hill location is open until 11:00 everyday!
I guess I'm buyest, defending my beloved neighborhood. It's a sweet place. And there is an artifact of a terrace. Nice for a lunch on a sunny day (and for a convivial snack inside with a friend - just one - on a cold winter night)
Pretty good burger.....but for 9 bucks, it better be good. Add on bacon and swiss and you got yourself a $14 burger. At least it comes with fries. Service was okay once you got the guy's attention---waited forever for the guy to take our order but he did check up on us from time to time. If you want a $14 burger that tastes pretty good, this is your place. If you want a reasonably priced burger that taste pretty good, this is not your place. Then again, what am I doing ordering a burger in a French Restaurant in the first place?
dang, those french sure know how to make a burger! i liked the freedom fries too! maybe expand your restaurant a bit, so it's easier to get a seat????
Chez Maman is one of those tiny jewels that I keep tucked away in my "I love San Francisco" chest. I'm not sure what exactly makes it so quintessentially SF, or so wonderful in general, but everytime I eat here I leave with that warm fuzzy feeling of happiness that I'm lucky enough to live and eat in SF.This last time we ate here we only had to wait 20 minutes (shocker!) and scored the table in the front window. We shared the warm goat cheese salad- after watching the line chef scoop out little patties of goat cheese, bread and fry them to place on top of the perfectly dressed fresh spinach leaves. I had the brie, prosciutto, pesto and tomato sandwich; it came on ciabatta flat grilled and cut to look like a heart on the plate. Simple, yet elegant presentation that made me enjoy it even more. My friends had the ratatouille, and the fresh grilled salmon on garlic mashed potatoes that also looked simply delicious. Next time I come, I will have to get the burger again- it's all about the frites and ciabatta bun!
Took my friend here to celebrate her birthday. Worth the wait. The food was prepared with perfect timing so as not to push us out of this tiny little restaurant but we didn't have to wait for our food either. Sitting at the counter and watching them prepare the food is poetry in motion.Didn't have the frites but they looked really good. Whatever you do don't leave until you have their Creme Brulee. Nothing is better than that!!!
Cons: seating! Just a counter and two tables that seat two. The steak frites was average. Three of us ordered and he forgot to ask me how I wanted it. So, we all got it the same way, medium rare, which meant rubbery/fatty texture in the rare area. Fries were decent. $19.50 dish that is basically a $12.50 diner steak and fries.Dessert: worst chocolate mousse ever! And lots of it. Every bite had an initial gritty/grainy texture that eventually dissolved and became smooth as it melted in the mouth, but still. Erg. Nutella/banana crepe was great. But you could put nutella on garbage and make that taste great. I don't mean to insult the crepe, though.One visit is fun, just to watch the cooks do their thing.
Great little place on Portreo Hill. Simple, French and tasty crepes!
I love this place! Great food, not too expensive, and open late! Perfect neighborhood joint where you can practice your French, if you dare! I like to sit at the counter and watch the food being prepared, but there are also 2 small tables by the window. Can be casual or dressy (it is very SF afterall...everything goes). The burgers (French style) and the skinny fries are excellent. The pesto salad and the toast points with garlic are also worth a try, as are the Savoyarde crepe and the Merguez quesadilla. The chocolate mousse dessert topped with macadamia nuts is my favorite!
Burger with brie, another solid french onion soup provider in the city, good french wines and astyle of its own. This is a good stop on the 18th street circuit. There is another one on Union at Fillmore with a nice large private table that fits 10 and great service
Tiny place, small menu. Steak frites and dessert crepes are my favorite.
This tiny spot on Potrero Hill run by the French Mafia, has the best burger this side of Absinthe. Topped with brie, saddled with thin cut FRENCH fries, oozing with the fatty goodness we don't need but we really want... what more could you ask for? Crepes, moules frites and great salads, it's the hopping lunch counter with an upscale twist. Now, when I say it's run by the French Mafia what I *really* mean is that it's owned by the same group of folks that run Baraka, Chez Papa, La Suite and Plouf. Oooh la la!
Tiny but tasty. The paninis are good with a side of fries & yummy aioli and the crepe suzette is the perfect light dessert crepe.
Veggie burger with salad, pinot noir. Veggie burger is different - homemade patty with egg. Was much more like a breakfast sandwich than dinner. Was not what I was expecting. Wine was great. Tried my husband's fries and they were also great. Cute, comfortable place to relax and have some wine. Need to try something besides veggie burger.
A little of France and a bit of nostalgia for me here at Chez Maman. The narrow bar-only space indoors with tables pouring out onto the sidewalk always screams European-Parisian to me. You can get a cup of coffee with a croissant or you can cure your hangover with generous portions of crepes, eggs, or a juicy burger. The service is always impressive (usually there is only one guy running the place, Olivier or Laurent)and very efficient and polite.  On a nice sunny day, sit outside and greet all the passerbys with their dogs and strollers or simply take in the conviviality of this little street of 18th on Potrero Hill...
Great place, got the chicken crepe with mustard sauce...and it blew me away. They make it right in front of you, if you sit at the diner portion. Yummy. Great staff
Mmmm. I went last night and it was delightful. I love a good open kitchen, warm staff, and good food. I went with a regular there, and it was so nice that the staff knew exactly what he wanted. I went for the tuna nicoise salad, and it was awesome. BIg and in a cool wooden bowl. We shared chocolate mousse for sweets, yum. Cute cute place, cozy and romantic, even at the counter. Oh yeah, the burger was prety good. They opened another one on Cortland I believe. Only thing.... tiny pee pot in the back.
This is one of the places you go to on a sunny Saturday or Sunday afternon. Panini sandwiches are good and you can't go wrong with a burger with brie chees and an egg on top. Small place and you'll need to wait on most days, even with the tables they place on the outside.
Just go. It will all make sense very quickly. We love intimate places like this, and the menu is solid. Finis ton assiette.
Honestly, with so many reviews already, what can I saw about Chez Maman that has not already been said? I had a celebratory afternoon snack here on a steaming hot Sunday in Potrero Hill. I will FINALLY be moving back to the Bay area, and I had just decided on a sweet 2 bed loft in Potrero Hill. My mom and I decided to stop at this place to get a light snack. The waiter was charming and friendly, and I ordered some merguez sausage and mustard, and my mom ordered an apple crepe and a kir royale. The Merguez was tasty, but a little too heavy for a hot day, so I barely finished it. The crepe was heaven on a platter. Fresh whipped cream, crisp pieces of apple, chewy and moist crepe dough, with flecks of sugar. I licked up every last bite! I was driving so I could not drink much of the kir royale, but it was fruity and refreshing on that hot day. In any case, come August I will be living mere blocks away, which I can't wait for, so I will be coming to this place often!
Doesn't look too promising at first, incredibly narrow space, very limited seating, chef yelling in French at Mexican cooks, but the place works like clockwork.Excellent french comfort food -- and tiny that turns into cozy in one of those rare true applications of real estate lingo.I recommend their frenchifyed chicken quesadilla and the creme brulee.
Perfect spot for a cozy lunch date, especially if you live nearby. Burger with guacamole. Best. burger. ever. And the fries are perfect too -- the right combo of thinness, crispiness, and salt. The place is super tiny and mostly bar seating, so I avoid going there if I have more than 2 people in my party.
It's small...but dont be fooled, the food is quite tasty. Ive tried their filet mignon and their burgers....The meat for both were perfectly prepared and simply mouthwatering. Tender is the meat!
Somewhat disappointing given the rave reviews here. Maybe I'm not used to the spices they use in French food, but things tasted a bit strange to me. We had to try the burger since people seemed to love it, but it was a bit on the dry side and the meat was ground with some interesting spices. We also had the merguez quesadilla. It was an intriguing take on the mexican staple, using sausage with gruyere cheese as the filling. Not bad but not as good as your standard mexican version. As others have noted, they don't really have much seating other than counter seating. We ended up sitting outside where it got cold once the sun went down.
Every burger in the entire world should be topped with brie.
went for lunch, had the burger and it was excellent. didn't realize the place was so small, definitely not good for groups. there's about 8 or so bar stools at the counter and 2 tables for 2 inside and 2 tables for 2 outside. service was great, and the area is quaint with a lot of character
This is practically my cafeteria! Not meaning that the food's bad, but in the sense that I'm here for lunch at least twice a week! The burgers are the best! What is that secret combination of herbs they put in the patty? I guess it's an old French secret. The chicken crepe is yummy as well as the shrimp quesadilla. Actually I've never had anything bad here-everything's always cooked to perfection. Can get really crowded though. Thank goodness they're opening up 3 more!
No doubt great burgers, and the crepes are yuummyyyy - but not much else for dinner that stands out. Friendly staff, good wine, good vibe - first place I go heading home after getting off an airplane.
This is a neighborhood favorite of mine. Delicious food done reliably. Start with a heart-warming bowl of soup. If you're lucky, they'll have french onion or mushroom soup. Their steak frites with peppercorn sauce is great. Great crepes. Great sandwiches. And of course, accompanied by a glass of wine. THIS is comfort food!
When I first heard about this place, the burgers were highly recommended. But the place is French! What do they know about burgers, its a proud American tradition. Once again I was proven wrong, the burgers were delicious and cooked just like I wanted it. To complement my tasty burger, we ordered this melted cheese appetizer and onion soup, they all were just as exceptional. Moreover, have I mentioned the chef, probably the most animated Frenchie I have ever met, although I haven't met many. He was spectacular, one has to remember that he is always this animated each night, and that cannot be quarrelled with.
This tiny little French bistro on Potrero Hill is a true gem. Everything on the menu is outstanding. Their burger is quite possibly the best in the city, especially if you top it with bacon and a fried egg, which they'll gladly do for you. The steak frites and the veal with creamy white wine and mushroom sauce are two of my favorite dishes, and the goat cheese salad, the croque madame, the croque monsieur and the crepes are also all quite good. A great place for Sunday brunch as well.
Yum! This place has great burgers and fries. I also love the french waiter who is always there - feels legit.
chez maman is a neighborhood favorite of mine...and this place rules...esp. their burgers with cheddar cheese and a fried egg. other faves include the frisee salad, flat iron steak w/peppercorn sauce, and croq madam. they've also got kronenbourg on tap...bling!
We were hungry and needed a place to grub at 2:30pm. It's that odd hour where most places are closed for lunch but not yet open for dinner. But still, our tummies wanted food and weren't going to wait 3 more hours for dinner. This is the 2nd time I have been to Chez Maman. I thought the food was alright both times. The space is very small though so it isn't the most conducive for groups larger than 2 since then someone gets left out of the conversation while sitting at the counter. The space only has counter seating with no purse hooks, or 2 tables of 2 in the front area. I had the french onion soup, which looked yum, but it was a bit salty for my taste. And what was I supposed to do? Ask them to add some hot water to my soup and risk having it spit in? No. I just ate it all, drank the soup, then said sorry to my kidneys. The burgers and crepes are also pretty tasty. My only gripe is that it isn't good for a group larger than 2, which of course, was what I was part of.
i hate to say this, but this french cafe has the best burgers in town. very similar to what i've heard about the zuni hamburger. until i get to try the rosamunde's hamburger, this review stands.
I have never met a plate of peppercorn steak frites that satisfied me like the ones I get at Chez Maman. Nevah!
The food here is incredible. I watched the chef prepare my meal while I was sitting at the bar and for the life of me cannot understand how a simply prepared meal tasted so much better than most of the food available in SF. I wish I could make it out here more. It is pricey but I somehow feel I am getting a value with everything I order. Also, unlike many French restaurants, this place is very casual and comfortable and not at all snotty.
I love the chicken panini (the tuna is awesome too). I like Maman better than Papa.  Frenchy service, but it's a French place, so comes with the territory.
Life is so good when you've got a burger with goat cheese piled on top. And a nice glass of red. And some perfect fries with a side of mayo. I'm serious, a wave of satisfaction washes over you and you're doubts about the essence of man and the true nature of the universe fade far far away. The whole ambiance of this place helps feed your soul as well as the supremely good burgers.
I would only add that your best bet is to go to the Chez Maman on Cortland in Bernal Heights. Easier to get a table, food is identical, and the wait staff is first-rate.
Chez Maman was awesome when it first opened several years ago, went down in quality a few years later, and has now bounced back somewhat. The steak frites is back up to par, but the mussels weren't as fresh as they could have been on my last visit. It's classic French bistro food, and I can once more say that, overall, it's a good value. A counter and couple of tables in a sliver of a space atop Potraro Hill, it's a great place to take a date. Beware of a wait on the weekends.
Awesome. Burger with brie. Mixed greens. Fries. Any crepe. And the guy next to me's pork chop over brussel sprouts that I wanted a bite of. So worth the wait. 9pm or later.
The chicken panini with aioli dressing is to die for!!! I don't even want to attempt to make it, afraid I might ruin my experience. Side it with some string french fries and a fruit filled crepe for dessert and you'll be in heaven. I actually have cravings for it and I'm not one to crave often. It's certainly better to go on off hours from prime meal times because it can get super crowded with people waiting on the side walk for their name to be called. I'll come back to Potrero Hill just to eat here.
Decided to get burgers and crepes. SOOOO good. Their herbed filled burgers have so much flavor to them! The unfortunate thing about their restaurant is that it's so tiny....but i guess that's also apart of the appeal. Very affordable too! it's one of those places that makes you feel special.
A great lil' neighborhood nook w/some awesome comfort food and cozy atmosphere.
Great first experience. My chicken burger and fries were terrific. Service was quick and lacked Parisian attitude. Fairly laid back atmosphere. Relatively inexpensive fare, but not super cheap. Only drawback is the size of the place. The seating consists of a small counter and two small tables. My two friends and I only ended up eating there because two guys were kind enough to move from the counter to one of the tables. Otherwise, we would have been munching on greasy food at Bottom of the Hill, which ain't all that bad.
Burgers to die for and great character to entertain you. We often hit this place late after work when we are both too tired to make our own late night meal. The staff can be opinionated and perhaps intense but in the end they seem to care about making sure you enjoy your meal. The place is usual a tight fit, so come prepared to have little personal space. Outside, sitting at table in the later afternoon on a sunny, windless day is highly recommended, especially if you want to watch or meet people in the neighborhood.
My favorite neighborhood French restaurant. The service is always good, the food equally excellent. The burger is great, pork chop tasty and the steak with peppercorn sauce is fantastic.
This place has really good food also. I hear it's owned by the same people as Chez Papa? Anyhow it's a great place. I've been here once or twice =).
how can you go wrong with a fried egg on swiss cheese burger? good service and great food but it can get HOT b/c you're sitting right in front of the oven. can't go with more than 2 people in the party b/c the place is so small.
Amazing atmosphere! Went for a late-night, post-workout dinner with a buddy and had a great time. I went for the good ol' hamburger and my buddy got the steak quesadilla and both of us thought the food was absolutely AMAZING. They cooked the food right in front of you and the meat was fresh! The music was great! They were playing the CD1 of Cafe Del Mar, vol. 14! I love the European atmosphere and I am definately going back there soon!
i've been to this location a bunch of times but haven't had a chance to write it up. i stopped by to have dinner with my best friend. though it was packed, we decided to dine alfresco on last night's chilly evening. we had our winter coats so we were dandy. i had the burger with goat cheese and bff got the burger with guac. they both hit the spot and didn't put a heavy dent in the pocketbook. just what i love. plus, the main reason i love chez maman is that the service is so friendly and on it. oh, and the cute french accents don't hurt either.
such yummy burgers and fries. mussels are great too. best place to eat for the price on this little street.
The absolute best burger in SF... I would not have guessed it, but there is no denying these burgers are fantastic. Chez Maman is small, but perfect on a cold and rainy winter day.
attitude
c'est magnifique - they have the best burgers. a sweet place to go on a hot date because it's cozy... even with the menu and its pedigree it comes off completely unpretentious.
This review is for the Chez Maman on Union st. We ate there two nights ago on a Tuesday night. Small restaurant that was full and stayed full the whole time we were there. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience there Three of us ate and for an appetizer I had the Onion soup--excellent and really hit the spot on a chilly night, my wife and the warm goat cheese salad--delicious and a generous portion, and our son had the beets and green bean salad which he raved about. For entrees we had the hanger steak with pommes frites--cooked exactly how it was requested with bernaise sauce (delicious and not too heavy) and aioli for the frites--also very good. My wife had the sauteed Tilapia which was delicious and my son had the PorkChop which was a very generous portion in a delicious sauce. All entrees were shared and all 3 of us enjoyed all of them. For dessert we split their chocolate Mousse and really liked that as well. We shared a reasonably priced bottle of Pinot Noir. Service was excellent with a knowledgeable and friendly waiter and additional input and attention from the owner/manager. Very good night there and we will definitely be back.
i love counter eating so you can watch your food being cooked and is also a welcome seat for solo-diners . i don't think there is a restaurant in the city that will seat you closer to the grill than this place. a fun, super casual place to eat with a friend you want have a real conversation with them since you'll be sitting so close. the salads are awesome and the steak frites satisfying. dinner for two= $55
good crepes
ooooooooooh---burger and frites from the french place...i had heard about the burger, had dreamed about the burger, and it was like i thought it would be---just right. you get to ask for it cooked to order(i went with medium) and for a little extra, put some fancy cheese or topping on it. it comes with the onions grilled already! i chose gruyere cheese. my friend cynthia picked gruyere and bacon. madeline picked avocado. the frites(freedom fries) were nice little potato sticks fried just right. i ALMOST put salt on them, but then i thought i'd be ruining the frites experience. they were just fine without. just so you know---the place is tight, mostly bar seating, there's two two people-tables near the window, and one table outside for two. if you have three like we did, you get the two tables inside pushed together and one of your backs is to the grill, but i didn't notice anything like burning clothes when my back was to the grill. when you walk up, there's gonna be people milling around outside, just head for the window outside and put your name on the list. don't stand around like a rookie. they've probably already signed the sheet. heck yeah i'd go back!
