Absolutely great and true French food in a relaxt setting. No upscale manners here, but boy is it good. We are both from Europe and love French cuisine. We started with the Steak tartar and the melted Camembert, can't beat them anywhere in SF. Next we ordered the Veal and Salmon, both cook to perfection. For a 2, there was a 30 min wait on a Saturday night, which is just enough time to grab a drink next door. Love this place, gonna be a regular here!
Short review: Chez Maman should be your go-to in Hayes Valley. Period.Long review: Ok, this place is ADORABLE. Seriously, I can't say enough good thing about the food and the atmosphere and the service and the general vibes. If you travel on the 21 bus at all and didn't fall asleep in your commute outbound, you've probably drooled at this place from a window seat at least once. And for good reason. It feels like the stuff your French grandma would cook for you (hence, the name). The prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is great. The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's super cramped... Get a seat outside of you can and if it's not too cold.This is some of the best French food that I've had outside of Paris. C'est magnifique!
Chez Maman is the best authentic French food that I've had in the city while also wearing jeans. After studying abroad in Lyon, I was going through withdrawals over French food and decided to celebrate my birthday here. The wait for five people was pretty lengthy, but an hour on a Saturday night definitely isn't the worst in the city. The waiters were typically French too - they keep their distance unless asked for, which allows you to relax and doesn't make you feel rushed to leave, even with a line out the door. Plus it made me really excited to hear people speaking French!I had the lamb kebab and couscous which was TO DIE FOR. This dish is definitely recommended. I couldn't get enough of it, and the portion was the perfect size. My friends and I finished the meal with the berry crepe and chocolate tart, both equally delicious.Thanks Chez Maman for bringing me back to Lyon, even for only a couple of hours!
Chez Maman, comfort French Food. Love this location in Hayes Valley. No reservations. Just put your name down, Have a drink in the neighborhood. Service is friendly, causal. Love the window seats, people watching. The food is always pretty good. Not a fine dining restaurant but comforting atmosphere and always good food. My favorites are their escargot. Escargot de Bourgogne made with parsley, butter-shallots & white wine. YUM! I can eat two orders of that myself. Also dipping bread into the sauce is amazing, So yummy! Also love their French onion soup. LOADED with CHEESE. Love Chez Maman.
It's pretty rare to find a casual french joint in the city! I'm so grateful for Chez Maman for it reminds me so much of France!I tried this place during lunch and ordered:Savoyarde crepe with potato, prosciutto & swiss cheese ($12). I really liked everything about this dish! The Arugula salad on top of this crepe was a great addition.Also ordered the mussels with white wine, garlic and lemon juice sauce ($16) with fries ($5). I loved thisss. The mussels were nice and meaty and there were tons of and garlic! The white wine sauce was pretty strong so I wouldn't recommend this sauce for those who don't like strong wine taste in their food. The fries were also bomb! - perfectly crispy and it came with garlic aioli ... yumms.
Came here for dinner on a Thursday night. I put my name down for a party of 2 at around 7:50pm, and we only had to wait 25 minutes to get seated. The restaurant is pretty small, and the layout is very compact. They also have maybe 3 tables of outdoor seating on the sidewalk, which might be nice on a warm night or for brunch, but people waiting for their tables do tend to hang around nearby.Service was great! Despite the restaurant being packed, our waiter was very attentive, and the food came out really quickly.A P P E T I Z E R S1) Escargot - These come in the shells with fancy tongs and small forks to help you pick out the meat. I was really intrigued - I'd never had escargot in the shell before! The meat was juicy and just the right amount of chewy. It comes in a butter and parsley white wine sauce, but the sauce left a little something to be desired. I would have wanted it to be a lot more buttery and have a slightly stronger wine flavor.E N T R E E S1) Basic burger + mushrooms + egg with fries - I messed up by not adding cheese to this; it would have made all the difference, but the burger was tasty nonetheless. It comes with two pieces of a rectangular roll sliced in half, instead of a regular bun. The egg was runny, beef patty cooked medium rare, mushrooms piled on top, aioli smothered on the bread. Everything was delicious. It would have been better if the caramelized onions were warm though; they came cold with the veggies and tomato slices.2) Flat iron steak with fries and green peppercorn sauce - Steak was medium rare and not overcooked. It was on the slightly smaller side, but definitely enough to fill you up. The special green peppercorn sauce on the side added a lot of flavor to the meat.The fries were so good!! They were not too thick and really crispy, and the aioli is amazing!At the same intersection as Absinthe, I'd probably pick Absinthe over Chez Maman next time in terms of food. They are at different price points though - Absinthe is a bit more costly - so Chez Maman would be the more everyday choice.
What a cute spot for yummy french bistro comfort food! I came based on recommendation from a friend and it didn't disappointed. We had the beef tartare, onion soup, Mac and cheese, port chop and the flat iron steak. I have to say I was most impressed with the appetizers and the Mac and cheese. The soup was simple and warm and cheesy, and the Mac and cheese made perfect with a touch of truffle oil. The meat was a bit over cooked to my taste, but the flavor was great and the sauce amazing. The beef tartare was a simple delight! Next time I am saving room for dessert (which we regrettably didn't try).
So glad we stuck in there and waited for a table. We came around 5:45pm and there was already a 10 table wait ahead of us. And no, they don't take reservations. In total, we waited an hour for a table, but it was SO worth it!AMBIENCE: Very small and intimate - no more than ~15 tables inside. Low lighting and cramped spaces made it very romantic and what I imagine a quaint restaurant in France would be like! SERVICE: Our server came by quickly to take our order and made sure we had enough wine at all times.DRINK:We ordered some white wine to go with our mussels. A glass of Chardonnay William Hill & Bordeaux Blanc Chateau. The Chardonnay was a little dry at the finish, but both were pretty sweet and easy to drink. FOOD:+ French onion soup ($7) - The most important thing about French onion is the cheese on top - and this one came hot, melty, and amazing. It was so melty i could lift my spoon 6 inches in the air and it wouldn't break! The beef broth was delicious and the onions and croutons soaked up all the broth wonderfully.+ Les moules mariniere ($16) - a bucket of mussels in a light white wine, lemon juice, garlic, and parsley broth. The mussels were cooked well and fragrant from the white wine. Take my advice: get fries to dip the broth or soak it all up with bread! You won't want to waste any of the broth even after you've eaten all the mussels. + Chez Maman Mac & Cheese ($14) - This isn't ordinary mac & cheese - it has truffle oil swimming throughout. It was the most delicious thing I've had in a while. It came boiling hot to the table, so we waited for it to cool down before digging in. Which was really hard because you could see the cheese bubbling and smell the truffle wafting up... I'm drooling just from thinking about it. Every bite I had was infused with truffle, which was great with the melted gruyere cheese. The semi-crunchy bread crumbs on top soaked up a lot of truffle oil so it was extra truffle-y. Please please please order this when you go!I really wish we could've gotten dessert, but that will have to wait till next time - which may not be too long from now!
So glad we managed to land perfect timing after deciding on Chez Maman for dinner. We were in the area and made a game-time decision to stop in for a post happy hour dinner. It was a Tuesday night around 8pm and the restaurant was extremely busy. Not surprising because it is TINY, but surprising being a Tuesday. Anyways, we were swiftly taken to a table where we placed our orders. Our waitress was kind and attentive. Wine came out quickly, as did our brussel sprout appetizer, burger, and ham + gruyere crepe. I thoroughly enjoyed the brussels and crepe. Hub ate every bite of the burger so I'd call that a win, too. Only negative was how loud and crowded it was. It was hard to have a conversation and honestly, we were pretty eager to leave as soon as the last bite was enjoyed.All around, 5 stars for the food, services, and prices. So reasonable compared to what we're used to in SF!
Last night I wanted to catch up with a friend and gave him the opportunity to choose the joint. He mentioned this place and I was sold. A cute French restaurant in the Hayes neighborhood? Yes please.Such a cute, quaint and warm/cozy place. Literally. We walked in and it was toasty hot, but soooo cute! Very small place, so if you don't come early, you'll probably wait, no matter the day of the week. They don't take reservations. At first glance, the place looked like a little French cafe/coffee shop, turned restaurant. Minimal art and decor; simple always goes a long way. Nice bench seating along the window, super comfy. The service was awesome. Multiple people kept checking up on our table to see if we needed anything, but not in an annoying sort of way. They seem to come at just the right time! For dinner, I kept it simple. I got the Grilled salmon for $17.The usual order comes with a salmon piece, roasted potatoes, fines herbes and creme fraiche. I typically don't substitute my dishes but I'm on this weird diet so instead of the potatoes, I got a salad. It was a delicious spring mix with olive oil and balsamic dressing. The salmon was perfectly grilled and spiced nicely, although the cut was a bit small for the price tag. No worries, I was content when it was all said and done. If you want your money's worth, though, get the burger. It's less in cost and much bigger with lots of herbed fries. Can you guess what my friend had that evening?!All in all, I would definitely recommend this place! I can't wait to return and try authentic dishes like the escargot! Come by and check them out!
Came here on a week night for dinner with a friend. Good selection of food items. The only thing that really stood out to me was the French Onion Soup. That thing as to die for. It's probably 70 percent cheese and 30% soup = bomb.My friend ordered the frites with mussels. Good amount of mussels, flavors were good. But nothing to rave about. I ordered the tuna nicoise salad. The salad was a generous in portions, but the tuna and salad under dressed for my taste. Prices were okay for San Francisco prices and service was decent. Overall a decent dining experiences. Possibly a good location for date night due to the dim lighting.
Stingy on the meat but otherwise good flavor. Or like what my husband tells me they're French so they have small portion?
The best French food I've had in my entire life!! Be warned the restaurant is very small and cramped and we had to wait about half an hour for a party of three on a Monday at noon, but it's so worth it. All the food is so rich and authentic and everything was phenomenal.
Now that I have a few data points, I can write a review without feeling so judge-y.Chez Maman is central to Hayes Valley, super cute and cafe-like. I love the wood finishes and natural light that seeps into the restaurant. It's pretty intimate, I can see it being quite romantic in the evening. Something I'd imagine you'd find in Paris. That aside, I find the food to be pretty mediocre. I've been for both, brunch and dinner was was very underwhelmed. The ratios are pretty off (say, bun to burger or protein to lettuce/salad, hollaindaise to eggs) and just a little to bland for my liking.The service is a little slow but they get super busy, so it's understandable.I probably won't eat here again but be down to come read a book over a cup of coffee one morning.
Best price for the neighborhood and generous servings of wine, the ambiance is hip and young, and though the selection is simple, it is quite enjoyable.
Definitely a solid eatery if you're in the mood for French fare. Their steak tartare was pretty good, though next time, I'm getting it mild as the medium was pretty spicy which grew with each subsequent bite. Their Crepe complete - a buckwheat crepe with ham and gruyere - was delicious. The couple next to us was also bantering in French, so I think that earns this place some authenticity points. I would definitely recommend this for a casual French dinner between friends or a couple on a more casual date. Not your fancy schmancy romantic white linen table cloth place if you're looking for that, but great for a weeknight dinner.
5 stars for the hostess who kept our seats.5 stars for wait staff, who kept our glasses filled.4 stars for the food typical of Bistro fare.1 star for the rude person telling us they needed the table.Let me preface this by first covering that I have been a long time patron of the Chez Maman location on Potrero Hill from 15 years ago and my experiences there have always been glowing. This was the first time I had ever visited this location in Hayes Valley. Frankly, the horrid traffic/parking nightmares as well as tourist hordes inhibits my traipsing in the area but I was meeting a Googler friend of mine there so proceeded with his plans. I ordered the burger, medium rare, with a fried egg on top. My friend ordered the Eggs Benedict. My entree reminded me of my meals at Cafe Claude so while the food experience was good, it wasn't exactly blowing my shoes off. The bun was too chewy and dense so I consumed only 1/2 a bun. I should have stuck with the Croque Madam but after being in France, I am a bit hesitant to order anything that might jade my experience.We were sitting there chatting after finishing the meal and barely had the credit card returned when the idiot told us we had to give up our seat. This is after I noticed others from the establishment looking at our table from the inside of the restaurant as well as lurking behind us since we were seated outside.My first reaction was that of indignation. They were telling us to vacate ON TOP of our waiting 40 minutes for the seat in the first place so it seemedrather back handed. Second, the last I checked, restaurants are first-come first-serve, so it's not my problem when new clientele choose to show up at 2:30 for brunch when they technically missed the classic brunch window.His lack of customer service was rude and unacceptable. I didn't even encounter this type of rudeness when I visited Paris twice this year AND at the Michelin rated establishments I visited! How very un-French of them.Will I come back?Absolutely not. They don't deserve the patronage.I'll stick the original location in Potrero Hill.
Cute bistro in Hayes Valley. The "yum" factor can range from 3 to 4 stars. In my experience, it really depends on what you order! The Beef Tartare - 4 stars.Incredibly fresh and delicious. The beef was seasoned with chopped onions, cornichons, and either peppercorn or mustard seeds. Whatever it was, it was tasty and the mince on the tartare was just right, topped with a quail egg and served with toast points for your eating pleasure. The Escargot - 2 starsVery pretty to look at, but the escargot lacked texture and flavor (I've had better). It was just a mushy, garlic bomb. Bleh. I would not recommend this appetizer.
Best thing about this place was the service, the toasted camembert and the creme brulee. We ordered the salmon with potatoes and flat iron steak for entrees and both were ok. The salmon lacked flavor and the potatoes were nothing special. The steak was also just ok, did not have a distinct flavor and the vegetables I ordered with it were sauteed and lacked seasoning. The sauce it came with also didn't pair well with the steak. The toasted camembert was very good. It came with toasted bread, roasted garlic, and some salad. It was definitely a great appetizer. The cheese was melted and perfectly spreadable on the toast and tasted fantastic with a piece of roasted garlic. The light lemon salad washed it down very well. The creme brulee was extremely good! You must order it, the top wasn't toasted too much to make it hard to crack but perfect enough to break with a single whip of the spoon. It was super creamy and very vanilla-y. It was delicious! My favorite part of the meal!
Fiending for French in Hayes Valley? This is your spot, despite multiple other "brasserie" restaurants in the area. Food is solid, prices are fair, service is adequate but the mussels make up for it. Don't bother coming here if you're on a diet, though... you've been warned.FRENCH ONION SOUP: Get at least one for the table to share. It's not the best version I've had in town but the broth is delicate, the cheese is rich, and there are ample onions. This was much better than the soup du jour (some sort of vegetable blend with parsley oil).BAKED CAMEMBERT: Served with a hunk of roasted garlic and a handful of toast points, this was a hit at our table and quickly devoured. Creamy, stringy cheese on crunchy toast with soft, spreadable garlic. How can you go wrong?!ESCARGOT DE BOURGOGNE: Served in the shell with that fun eyelash-curler tool to hold them still. Also not my favorite version, as it's not as easy to sop up the tasty garlic sauce. BEEF TARTARE: Two sizes available, interestingly spiced, served with toast points and quail egg. This was received to mixed reviews at our table.SMOKED SALMON PANINI: Herbs, creme fraiche, capers, and caramelized onions. It's as close to a bagel and lox as you can get, if you're in a brunchy mood.MUSSELS MARINIERES: Pot of traditional mussels served in garlic, white wine, lemon juice, and parsley. Generous portion, robust broth, go ahead and side it with the frites.FRITES: So crispy! Thin potato sticks with parsley and a tasty aioli. Simple but well executed.Beers and wines are available, single unisex bathroom toward the back, bar seating if you're dining solo, al fresco tables a better option in the evening. Come in during off hours to snag the cool corner booth!
Chez Maman is a very cozy bistro with a nice bar serving delicious food. I am a big fan of their Basic Burger which the waiter will strongly insist be served medium rare. For food safety reasons, at most other burger places, I usually get my burgers cooked well, but they always insist that medium rare is the way to go, and I figure that it's safe since they serve a lot of beef tartare. At any rate, their burger served medium rare with Roquefort cheese is amazing, and is one of the very best burgers in The City. I'm also a big fan of their steak frites - which not surprisingly they will also insist on serving medium rare. The steak is perfectly seasoned, and the peppercorn sauce compliments it perfectly. The fries accompanying the steak are nice and crisp and go very well with the aioli on the side. I've also tried their veal, which is also very good, but the garlic wine sauce that comes with it is amazing. I had to ask for extra bread to mop it all up. I've been to Chez Maman 4 times since "discovering" about a month ago, and I'm slowly making my way through the menu. So far, every meal that I've had here has been fantastic, and I'm looking forward to going back.
Sometimes familiar things are the best things.With tickets for a wonderful ukulele performance in hand, our challenge on a recent Sunday evening was where to have our pre-performance meal. Since Chez Maman doesn't take reservations, my companions came early to sign up for a table. After a short wait, we were offered a sidewalk table on Hayes Street. The vibe, the feel, the noise.... never been to France (Europe, much less), but this is what I'd imagine is the norm. After a short study of their menu, to which my reply to our waiter, "I'd like everything!", as in everything on the menu. Yes, it was that difficult to choose. Here's what I tried and had:Appetizers1) Les moules poulette (yelp.com/user_local_phot) (shared) - A lighter version and very "parlez vous francaise?" good! The bacon really went well with the garlic and wine flavors which made the bread dipping unstoppable.2) French onion soup (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Remembering the Potrero Hill version being one of the best ever for me, this was a MUST order. Pretty much as good as the other one, but wished there were more crusty gooey cheese on top.Main3) Grilled Pork chop (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Garnished with Brussels sprouts (love that bacon flavor) and apple cider mustard sauce. Loved the char flavor on the pork and one chop is perfect for a normal meal. Finishing my crock of soup, I took half of my chop home for another dinner later in the week.Being a pre-concert meal, I did not want to interrupt or miss any of Jake's performance due to a nature call so I held back a bit this evening. Our waiters were cordial and more than willing to joke with us on this balmy Sunday evening; from the hostess to the busboys, everyone had smiles interacting with us. Tried bites of dining partners' fresh fruit and chestnut crepes, but lost my focus by this time. Given the crowds that flock to this neighborhood weekend days, we made the right choice for an early dinner here. Need to fulfill my mission of the "everything" order so you know who will be back!
I had a seriously long day at work, and it wasn't even over yet when my coworker and I dined at Chez Maman West for lunch. I ordered the salmon crepe and french onion soup.The soup was delicious! It was rich with the right amount of cheese and bread. The broth had a really good flavor, and the onions were caramelized just right. The salmon crepe came with creme fraiche, spinach, and shallots, along with the side salad. The soup made me a bit full, but I still managed to finish the crepe (not so much the side salad comprised of arugula). The atmosphere reminded me of the cafes in Paris: small, busy, and intimate. My coworker and I enjoyed the waiter's accent, who was very attentive and friendly.I want to come back soon to try more from their lunch menu, and also brunch.
With 8pm tickets to a performance at Davies, we decided to have dinner at Chez Maman. The restaurant does not take reservations and if no tables are available, you need to put your name on the clipboard posted at the entrance. The restaurant is not large and seating consists of inside tables and bar counter seating and tables outside as well. Putting our name down for a table at 6pm, our wait was about 10 minutes for the next table of four that opened, which was an outside.After checking out the menu, our group's order consisted of:Les Moules Poulette - shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley. A generous portion of mussels in a tasty in a cream sauce with bacon pieces. Dip the French bread into the tasty sauce. Delicious!French onion soup - friend loves the French onion soup here.Pork Chop - with brussels sprouts, bacon & apple cider mustard sauce. As my entre selection, the pork chop was moist that was complemented by the mustard sauce with a generous serving of brussels sprouts. Veal - with creamy white wine sauce, vegetables & mushrooms. Had a bite of the veal and it was tender and quite tasty. I would consider this for a future visit. Striped Bass - garlic spinach & mango cucumber sauce. Had a taste of the bass and it was cooked perfectly.Chestnut crepe - chestnut cream with ChantillyBerries & crme fraiche crepeOur two servers were attentive and friendly. It was a nice dining experience...tasty food and reasonable prices. And we were done at 7:05 with more than enough time for our two block walk to Davies.
The best escargot I've had thus far in California! I had dinner here with 3 other sexy friends and we thoroughly enjoyed our time here. Only thing that was missing was a full bar menu versus just beer and wine. Appetizers were pretty good, but the winner was definitely the Escargot. Beef tartare was just okay and thee salad we all shared was decent too (nothing too wow).I'd have to say my dinner was DELISH. Ordered the Flat Iron Steak with french fries and green peppercorn sauce. Best steak I've had in awhile to be honest!When we first sat down, service felt like it was about a B- rating. Once our wine and food finally came out service went back up to an A for me (especially for that eye candy second waiter or host that came out and explained how to eat Escargot to my girlfriend).
Came here on a Thursday for lunch because I was looking for a place to eat alone. I've had this place bookmarked for a while and decided to come by. The menu looked absolutely wonderful and between that and the decent food I'll definitely be back. The food was more around the 3.5 range for me but with the good service I decided to round up.I was seated at the bar which is nice cause there were actually quite a few people eating alone there so I felt less awkward. I ordered the mussels poulette w/ fries and the beef tartare.I wasn't a huge fan of the tartare. It's not my first time having it and it is definitely the most seasoned one I've had but to a point where it was overpowering and I generally prefer places to go overboard with their seasonings/herbs. But the amount of capers (and possibly mustard) was just too much. Maybe it was just the batch I got, but powering through the dish was difficult and sad since the beef itself was actually quite good (3/5)The mussels were definitely the better of the two dishes. The stock was very flavorful though I kind of which I got the Mariniere instead because the Poulette is very heavy. The mussels are fairly tender and fresh compared to a lot of places that have little rubber pieces of mussel instead. The fries were also well seasoned though they could be fried a bit longer since some of them were limp.All this plus the wonderful servers and nice dine-alone atmosphere definitely means I will be coming back. I'm glad there's finally some casual French food!
Two words: BRUSSELS SPROUTS.It feels strange to say this, but no lie, the side of brussels sprouts is amazing. I've never been a huge fan of brussels sprouts, but these are a different story. They must have put something magical in here to make them taste as good as they do.Came here for brunch, and I also ordered the Eggs Norwegian (smoked salmon) and a crepe (don't remember the name of it, but it had fingerling potatoes and prosciutto) and both were delightful. The crepe especially was very unique; I had never seen or had anything quite like it. The Eggs Norwegian was delicious too, and I had asked to substitute the garlic roasted potatoes in place of the salad, and I'm so glad I did because they were SO good.Like every other restaurant in the city, the space is teeny tiny, so get here early or be prepared to wait!
The place:Nestled in the heart of Hayes Valley, the restaurant is very clean and quaint. Though the restaurant itself can only seat a few parties, the interior of the restaurant has a very comforting, home-y feel.The eats: This place has the best french onion soup, despite it being a little bit salty to my taste after a few spoonfuls. Their burger during brunch time is also really hearty and filling. The patty is a little dry but the bread and the sauce made up for the meat. The fries, though, was so yummy. It was seasoned to perfection and has the perfect crispiness. My friends and I also tried their famous "moules", or mussels. We chose the Thai one which was cooked in a broth with lemon grass, garlic, cilantro, chilli & coconut milk. It was nothing spectacular to be honest, but the broth was pretty good to dip the fries in.The service: This is where Chez Maman lost one star. Overall, the quality of service is really great at this restaurant. However, this place is really short staffed given how busy the restaurant can get. It was difficult to get the attention of the servers.
"Say Cheeeeese!"I am a huge fan of Croque Madame's in general and Chez Maman delivered a very cheesy version. The gruyere was delicious and the egg on top provided the amazing final touch. The service matched the great cuisine, which took this review from four to five stars. It was quite busy for breakfast/brunch, but we managed to get our food in a reasonable time and got enough attention from our waitress so that we didn't feel neglected. Great good, great location and great service. Highly recommend adding this to the list.
Now I know why everyone who's been here tells me that it's just okay. Went here the other night and ordered the mussels with the white wine and lemon with fries, the beef tartare and the sea bass. Other than the bass, nothing had any flavor to it. The broth to the mussels tasted like flavored water and the mussels themselves were just meh. The tartare was pretty bland as well- I've definitely tasted better. While the food was really subpar, the service deserves 5 stars. Everyone was very accommodating and even moved us when we asked for a larger table when we were originally squeezed onto a two top. As for drinks, they have wine and beer only- but the pours were veryyyyy generous!
And in case anyone thinks I made up the ungracious "f*** the customer" attitude behind my experience, here's the snarky message I got from the owner. No apology, au contraire. My review which simply describes what actually happened to me and how ungracious it felt is called "absurd" and she feels ending her response with sarcasm is an appropriately professional way to communicate. Very sad. Copied and pasted:"Your review is absurd. There is a reason why we don't take reservations at our small bistro.We only accept walk-ins and we do not seat incomplete parties.This is standard in the SF restaurant industry. This is how it works.And yes, we implement this policy very strictly.We pride ourselves with a 4.5 stars rating on Yelp - Only 1% of the restaurants in the US have it - and it's not by chance. It's because we serve quality French Bistro food in SF and you have to understand we have a small space and they only way we will stay in business is if we turn tables quickly. We do know you have a lot of choices and we are fully aware of that. But if your party is not there all together, you are welcome to go try another place and hang out.  Have a nice day! "I'm glad I've been invited to go elsewhere by her. I definitely shall.
This place is a cute little small restaurant! My mentor and I went to have lunch and it was decently packed. After we were greeted, the waitress immediately offered us water and gave us the menu!The place is super famous for its mussels. It comes in 4 different flavors; my favorite is the last one but I don't recall the name.I also had the French onion soup and the beef tartare; both really really yummy.
We got there without planning it and it was such a good idea. I had a salmon burger and my husband had "moules frites" similar to what we use to eat when we where living in Brussels! Really good food!
I had the fettuccine carbonara pasta which was really tasty, I also tried the french onion soup which was so cheesy and flavorful. (Be careful!! It is HOT!!) definitely something of theirs to get on the menu.For dessert I had a tart popover of some sort which was very fluffy and flaky. This is a lovely place to dine. Good date spot and excellent food.
This review was written back in August 2013 and just realized that I have never posted it. There's always to be a line to wait for a table . So I came here at 330 one afternoon and I was seated right away. ordered the beef tartare and the bartender helped me picked the wine.  Both were excellent. Then I ordered the mac and cheese. The bartender so me not eating and asked me what's wrong.  I told him I didn't like it because the mac was too soft.  He took it back and let me order something else to replace it. So I ordered the mushroom crepe and it was good. I will definitely go back if I am in the area and try their mussels and french onion soup. An extra half star for service.
Solid 4 star fun little bistro that serves great food and has a real positive vibe. It was just what we needed. The waitress was very pleasant and the French dudes were cool but should put their cell phones away when they work. The escargot was spot on , burger was delicious and the soup of the day was cream of mushroom, definitely not Campbell's!
Great food and even better service. Stopped by with a large party and received complementary fries w/ aioli for the long wait. They were delicious, btw! The host was incredibly attentive and kept checking up on us to let us know about how much longer it would be. I didn't catch his name but he was an attractive young fellow (LOL). The waiters were also super attentive and accommodating though we had a large party, which completely surpassed my expectations. They didn't even charge us 18% gratuity bc of the wait. Now that's some good service. Ordered the salmon medium-rare and it was cooked perfectly! Super tender, soft, and flavorful. Also had a french onion soup on the side and it was the best french onion soup I've ever had....ever. It is a MUST TRY!!!! Tried out my bf's lamb and it was a bit on the gamey side for me but he loved it. Decided to get the creme brle for dessert and enjoyed it, though it was a bit on the eggy side. Really enjoyed my experience here. I'm definitely going to have to stop by again to try everything else on the menu!
I think my expectations were a bit high coming in, which explains the somewhat harsh two star rating.Nothing that we ate was bad, but rather just left a little bit to be desired.We started off with an endive salad, which was overdressed and smothered in too much cheese. I kept thinking that I could've made a better salad myself by chopping some endives and dressing it with a homemade vinaigrette and some lemon juice.It was the same with the mussels. They were fresh and good, but they looked like the garlic fries you would get from a San Francisco Giants game on top. It was just way too much garlic.It was recommended that you order french fries when ordering the mussels, which we did. The french fries were pretty standard, like from Five Guys, or any standard burger place. I just expected something different or unique from a place like Chez Maman.Lastly we ordered a flat iron steak. The meat was a little bit rubbery and two fatty. We subbed the french fries for mashed potatoes, which were bland and unspectacular.The location of Chez Maman West is perfect, right on the most popular corner in Hayes Valley so that's a major plus. But if you're looking for a classy French restaurant I would look elsewhere.
This quaint Hayes Valley bistro is what I would call very "San Francisco chic." Instead of sophisticated Parisians, the diners are mostly made up of 20-something hipsters + Marina girls texting on their phones.That being said, Chez Maman is nonetheless a reliable brunch/lunch/dinner spot. I've never had a bad meal here. Menu highlights include French staples like the Croque Monsieurs, grilled paninis, French onion soup, crepes, and Mussels and frittes. And you can also indulge in more American options like the burger, mac & cheese, and eggs Benedict, etc.. Prices are incredibly reasonable here. My Croque Madame (which is essentially a Croque Monsieur with a fried egg on top) was a giant portion of cheesy/carb-filled goodness with a side salad, and was only $12. It certainly hit the spot, and helped turn my Saturday morning hangover into a relaxing Saturday afternoon food coma.Service is friendly, attentive, and quick. Our table of 4 was in an out in less than an hour. * Word of advice: parking in the neighborhood can be difficult, especially on weekends.
My wife took me here for lunch yesterday for my birthday. We had planned to go to Absinthe which is across the street but nothing on their menu excited me so we spotted Chez Maman and decided to check it out. I am so glad we did. My wife is Dutch and grew up all over Europe. As a result we travel to Europe to see family often. Lunch at Chez Maman transported us right back to France. The food was delicious, the staff super friendly and relaxed. It was perfect.The Chacuterie plate was great and featured two different pates, Les Moules Poulette was delicious as was the Lamb & Veggie Brochettes with an additional Moroccan sausage. Add to this a good bottle of Sancerre and a wonderful desert.The meal was amazing. I can't wait to go back!
Great little place. With a genuinely French feel. Reasonable prices and absolutely delicious food! I went for lunch and had the warm goat cheese salad. I will definitely be going back to try out their dinner menu and wines. They do not take reservations and get quite busy so be prepared for that before you arrive!
Yum!!! I've been here a few times and most recently last night. It's so cozy and yummy. I've had the sangria, champs by the glass, fries, burger, carbonara, goat cheese salad and French onion soup. All have been decadent! Get the corner seat at the bar with a great friend or date and you have yourself a perfect night in Hayes Valley. Service is fast and I love how they call/text you when your table is ready.
Very nice lunch at Chez Maman West. Things to note; no reservations, there's a line and sign up sheet out front, which is no problem, we got in right away at 12:30 on a Saturday. It's cramped and loud inside, but very much like a family or neighborhood place in France. It's authentic.I had the Moules Provencale, which was excellent. Another person in our party had the croques monsieur, which looked very authentic and was served with a salad.The menu is focused on reasonably priced, authentic French dishes like crepes and for those wanting basic food, they also have burgers. Would definitely return, it's a cheaper alternative to the other French places in the neighborhood and the staff is very friendly and efficient.
Frickin' fantastic! Try the French Lager as a starter. We had the salmon and chicken paninis and the lamb crepe, and they were incredible! I travel for a living and only review 5 stars, and this is it. The service was incredible incredible, and I will return.
Came here on a Friday night around 7 pm. Waited about 30 minutes for a table. They only have two tables inside that can seat three. There's a hostess outside who checks the waiting list and lets you know when there's a seat available. They can also call you when your table is ready. Outdoor seating is more readily available than indoor. Indoor seating is very limited, but the restaurant is nice and cozy.We ate medium rare pork chops, mussels, and medium rare salmon. I loved the salmon. It was very tender and I really loved swiping the salmon with some white sauce on the outer rim of the plate. The potatoes are great. The pork chops were good, but I felt it was a little tough, dry, and not flavorful enough. The mussels were great! I really liked the sauce/soup the mussels came in.I was lucky enough to find parking a few blocks away without much trouble. It's good food at a reasonable price!
I came here on Monday with my husband, after not being here for over a year! So glad we decided to come in again. The waiting around 6 PM was not an issue (waited for roughly 10-15 minutes). However, I would recommend calling in advance because they do book up and there's always a line. The service is absolutely amazing here. The owners are always around to check on you and your food, the waiters are always great and the food doesn't take too long. The food itself is absolutely fantastic! We ordered the cheese appetizer, snails and mussels with french fries at the end (must have) and totally shareable for even 4 people. Everything was fresh and cooked with love. You will not find great French food in San Francisco for these prices. We can't wait to come back in a few weeks!
As soon as we were seated and greeted with a "Bonjour mademoiselles!" I knew I was into the restaurant. Such a friendly waiter. The place isn't that big so on a sunny Saturday afternoon, we had to wait about 25 minutes. Not too bad. And you can leave your phone number with the hostess and walk around while you're waiting for a table to open up, and she'll call when a table is free. There is seating both inside and outside. We ordered mussels:Les moules provencale (tomato concassee, basil, garlic, bell pepper, cream, olives. $15. SO YUMMY. Not that filling but the sauce was delicious. We dipped the baguette bread that we got in it and it was great. That also helps you get more full. And we asked for more bread multiple times. We also split the smoked salmon crepe. It's topped with salad greens with a light dressing. It was okay. Not amazing. The mussels are way better! Would try something else next time.
Simply great food and service!!!Meter parking in that area was $5/hour but worth it.
Ok, so these are my random notes from my visit at Chez Maman West earlier today: I would never imagine top rating a burger place, but I have to!What's in the burger meat?? Sooo lovely! Dressing tastes fabBeef tartare with quail egg: Ate the tartare and was thinking: someone has to start up, maybe I should start up(!), a raw food bar in Bergen.Fab wineAttentive, not stressful, hasty service. I love it when I get the time to actually enjoy the food. Adorable staff.If to pick on something: cleanliness of the restroom. So in other words; go enjoy Chez Maman West!
This location is tiny and the wait is long. However the overall experience is memorable and the food is delicious and filling.You will most likely sit at the intimate bar and interact a lot with the authentically French headwaiter. He reminds me of many Francophone expats I met in NYC. If you don't know what that means -- he's a little kooky. Some people might think he's blunt and rude, others may call him a charming Frenchman, but he definitely adds character to your dining experience.And I love the escargot here!
This place is to DIE for!! Everything from the French onion soup, goat cheese salad, burger, mussel - frites will turn your frown upside down. Lots of French eat here too so you know I'm not crazy. One of the best Hayes valley (and SF) has to offer!
I went here with my friend for dinner on Saturday evening around 5:30pm. It was a tad crowded, but we were able to walk in and get a seat at the bar right away.Ambiance: It was smaller than I had been originally expecting. Not that many tables.Food: We split the beef tartar appetizer. It wasn't that great. The beef was not super flavorful and there were too many capers for my liking. I would give it a 2/5 and wouldn't order it again. I've definitely had better beef tartar.I also got the french onion soup. It was good, but not amazing. There was a lot of bread and cheese and not that much soup. Also, the soup was very light, meaning it was pretty watery, and it tasted like it. 3/5.My friend got the burger and said it was really good, and I had her fries and they were good. Overall: I would like to come back and try the burger.
such a cute, cute restaurant! I know you're going to have trouble choosing what to order so let me choose for you. French onion soup, Les Moules Provencale WITH fries (obviously) and a burger. The french onion soup was probably the best I've ever had. The mussels and burger were also one of the best I've had. I've only been here once so I don't have a lot of input on the restaurant/other plates. However I enjoyed my meal so much that I had to give it the 5 stars it deserves. The restaurant is small and open late! (11PM) Last order ~ 1030PM.
Chez Mamam, wandered in and loved it. Good food, great service. We only needed a table for 2 and we were seated immediately, at 5:30 on a Thursday evening. Large parties would probably have to wait . It's small, but worth the wait. We'll be back.
I love this spot! Very authentic French comfort food at reasonable price. Wonderful service, causal and friendly.
Great steak and fritz just like if you were in Paris! One of my favorite brunch spots.
We went around 6pm, and got ourselves on the waitlist. We walked around the area which had some nice dessert and clothing shops, for about half an hour. Then they called us and we came back, and were seated outside. There were heat lamps, so it didn't feel very chilly. We got the spicy lamb sausage for starters. I liked the flavors, which wasn't too spicy and came with a dry red pepper paste, and horseradish sauce. Next was the mussels. Unfortunately it was not seasoned enough. Salt was not available, so I just ate it as the way it came out.The basic burger was very good. It came with caramelized onions, tomatoes, lettuce. We added goat cheese which made the flavors come out so much better. The beef was medium rare as we requested. The fries were fine, crispy. A bottle of ketchup was provided, woohoo, because we love using a lot of ketchup on our burgers. I know it's not looked well upon but ketchup just tastes SO good with a nice burger.Overall, I'd give this place 4 stars like many others. I will only come here for the burgers next time, which is their specialty. I've also tried the original location a year ago, and the burgers there were very good as well.
Came on a Friday night & waiting maybe about 10-15 minutes - not bad!Insides actually pretty small, very intimate but casual setting. Service is great, very attentive staff. I got to try their mac and cheese and it was delicious!! The top was crisp and inside was cheesy, what more can you ask? I feel like mac and cheese is such a simple dish, yet so hard to perfect. Large portion- I barely finished half lol I also got to try their sangria and it was tasty - would definitely order it again. Overall a great first experience. The best part might be their complimentary bread basket hahah
Something for every palette - good wine - nice lively ambiance - great staff and service -reasonable price - what's not to like? Highly recommend for a casual dinner !
We came here on a Saturday afternoon and waited about 20 minutes. We sat outside. It was nice though. They have space heaters so it was not too cold. I ordered a croque monsieur and the hubz got steak and fries. We also got mac n cheese and salmon with roasted potated w/creme fresh to go for later because we didn't want to go out again. My sandwich was good but not the best I've had. Same with my husband's meal. I ate the to go salmon plate that evening, and it was delicious! Very tasty. The service was great overall and I would recommend this place. It just wasn't my favorite French taste-wise; I've had better.
Came here for the Sunday brunch. Had to wait for about 20 mins for a table for 2 which wasn't too bad.Tried the burger and the oriental crepe with lamb sausage and both of them were pretty good. My fave was the chestnut cream dessert crepe.
We ordered the following:(Appetizer):-Escargot de Bourgogne (Very Good)(Les Moules):-Provenaie (the sauce is too light & the mussel were over cook)(Entrees):-Fettucini (Good /depend on the day)-Fettucini Carbonara (just OK / not my favorite)(Drink):-Cafe Latte (OK / in a small cup)Waiters: They were all nice & friendly
I suggested to my friend from France that we should try this place. He stared at me for 2 minutes and didn't say anything. He then cracked a smile and said, "-insert French accent- mmm...I don't know." I don't usually take no for an answer (bahaha), so off to Chez Maman we went. We got there after the lunch rush so there was no wait. As we sat down, he commented on how the place reminded him of some cafes in France (+1 star). Still skeptical, he decided to order a salad. I got a burger to feed my inner fatty, and we got the mussels and fries to share. Oh he ordered with the waiter in French (+1 star).Our food was flavorful (+1 star). Service was attentive. Our water glasses were refilled throughout our meal. As we were waiting for our bill, my friend said "Good choice! I'm surprised." I guess my good company must have something to do with it (+1 star) bahaha....
Found a piece of Paris in SF. One thing I really enjoy eating when visiting Paris is the tartare. Had it here and it was delicious! I also ordered the pork chops. They were really tender and the sauce so flavorful. The owner was really friendly and made sure everything was good. As an added bonus, we got some chocolate mousse on the house! Double yum!
I had dinner here and the service was great, which elevated the food from 3 to 4 stars.Then I had a smoked salmon omelette at brunch here and it was really mediocre/subpar in taste. The egg was rubbery and yet there was an uncooked glob in the middle at the same time.I had a stomach bug immediately following this dining experience, which took me from energetic about the sunny day to pretty much ready to lay down on the sidewalk and quit. Nothing to prove it is related, but that was the only food I had all day.
Husband: So where do you want to go?Me: I don't know, what are you in the mood for?Husband: The usual, maybe something light?Me: SMHThis is our conversation Every.Single.Sunday. You would think it would be easy living in the mecca of Sunday brunch. But alas, every single week, we can't decide on where to go. We always refer to this imaginary list of places we want to try or went to and liked, but I guess I need to make it a real list so we could actually end up somewhere quickly! Of course, that's what Yelp is for, n'est pas?Ok, now that I got that off my chest, let me tell you what I liked about Chez Maman. They have a nice menu of French comfort food. Nothing screams French like seeing Les Moules avec pommes frites on the menu. When I think French food, I tend to think of rich, but also light, so I thought this would be a good place to bring the husband. We were lucky as it wasn't busy when we arrived and got seated right away. Drinks were ordered and bread with butter were brought to the table quickly. I went with their savoyarde crepe, filled with fingerling potatoes, prosciutto, shallots, swiss cheese and cornichons. My husband, who wanted something light, went with the chicken apple sausage omelet, which tomatoes, peppers and jack cheese. Both of our dishes came with a light salad. I kinda wish I added egg to my crepe as it was much lighter than I wanted. The omelet was good, but the chicken apple sausage was served on the side which we didn't expect. Service was prompt and professional. They were pretty busy so not a lot of conversation with the staff, but they seemed friendly. I need to go back wearing a beret and little scarf around my neck to really feel the ambiance of the place. It's a nice option for both dinner and brunch, though a bit tight as the tables are pretty close to each other. Enjoy and bon appetit!
Tried their Smoked Salmon Panini today.Love the crunch and freshness of the bread and veggies. Wish there was more salmon although it might make it saltier tasting than it already is.Maybe add some kind of sauce on the side to offset the salty flavor if desired?The service is always great! The guys are friendly! :)10/1/15 - I tried their Chicken Panini today. My favorite now! With pistou (pesto), aioli,& roasted peppers!
Great value with funky French coffee shop vibe. The moules frites are not to be missed...a large iron pot of great shellfish with fries cooked just right! All this and quite reasonable as well. I'll be back, but not sure if I'll be able to order anything other than the mussels!
Good atmosphere...great food.
Came on a weekday dinner for 3 - we got a table within 15m around 7pm. First time having beef tartare and I was super impressed. It was a very simple appetizer dish, a must try. We split the small between 3 of us, though kind of wish we got a large haha.I shared a fish burger with my friend, our other friend got the basic burger. I wasn't expecting much but I was thoroughly impressed by the fish burger. It was perfectly grilled salmon. Getting it split was a good idea too - just enough food to make me satisfied. We got fries on the side - I really loved their seasoning.The service was decent - they came around often to see how we were doing, although we never got our water refilled and we were not given a bottle like other tables. As others have pointed out, it's quite an intimate layout - we were seated at a table for 2 despite our group of 3. Don't expect anything fancy from this place - it's more of a casual sit down. 4/5 for food, 3.5/5 for service. We had a good time overall and would love to come back again and try their crepes and other dishes.
I had high expectations before coming here but the food just didn't have the quality I expected. We came here on a Saturday night and was seated after a 20 minutes wait (since they don't take reservations) so not bad. We got the beef tartare and escargot for appetizers. I enjoyed the escargot as it had really strong flavors which makes it a nice dip for the bread. The baguette they served wasn't very good though - very dry and hard without the moist and chewiness that I like. I also found it strange that the beef tartare had capers and pickles in them... It kind of takes always from the freshness of the meat. We also got the mussels and truffle mac & cheese. The mussels were a little overcooked so that was disappointing. Truffle mac & cheese was good but nothing extraordinary. Overall, I don't think I would want to go back since there are so many other great restaurants in Hayes Valley. I've heard the Potrero Hill location is better but I doubt I'd want to risk it again.
Yummy yumskers. Great bistro food without being pretentious. A little pricey though. I recommend, like everyone else on here, that you try the pork chop with the mustard sauce and Brussels sprouts!
Everything we ate here was absolutely perfect. I started with the French Onion soup and it was flavorful, aromatic and delicious. The cheese oozed over the soup and was just perfect. We shared the muscles poulette and fries. The muscles were perfectly cooked and tender. The fries crispy. without being greasy, are served with a lovely garlic aioli. Absolutely phenomenal. Paired with a Bordeaux and good company, this experience couldn't have been better. Oh, and the service was on point and hospitable. Lovely experience.
I came here about 2 years ago when a gf was visiting from out of town. She was craving mussels and we were in the area, so I thought: Let's check out Chez Maman! I've been to Chez Papa Bistrot & Resto and remember loving their mussels, so I figured this would be a good pick. It was in between lunch and dinner on a weekday, so we had no problem snagging a table.-Les moules mariniere: garlic, white wine, lemon juice and parsley-Croque madame (with egg)-Soup of the day: French onionThe sauce for the mussels was good, but the mussels themselves could have been bigger and plumper. They kind of looked small and shriveled. My gf thought they were okay. The soup was good. Nice and cheesy which I love! I'm not a huge fan of ham, so I didn't care for the Croque madame.I'd love to visit the Potrero Hill location since I've read such good things. But my experience at Hayes Valley location was pretty average.
Great ambiance and wonderful food! The onion soup was just wonderful, and so were the grilled cheese salad and especially the escargot. We had moules marinier and pork chops with Brussels sprouts, bacon and mustard cream for entrees - pure perfection! Desserts (crepe tatin and pain perdu) were also wonderful, and above all is the professional and kind service. Classic France in San Francisco!
This place was pretty good. Their menu wasn't so extensive but they have some good choices. Came in on a Sunday afternoon and was able to sit outside and enjoy some sun. I ordered the white wine fettuccini with mushrooms and was very satisfied. I especially enjoyed my time here because I've been wanting to go out on a simple brunch date. Came here with the bf and was able to enjoy just what I've been wanting to do! Service was also awesome.
Very good food at reasonable prices, walking distance, even in high heels, to the War Memorial Opera House and Davies Symphony Hall, and other nearby performance venues. They serve good French food, including crepes and other stuff. The service is good and there is sidewalk seating. Bathrooms were decent.
I loooooove the Hayes Valley Chez Maman. The food and the service are always solid, and they have the best steak tartare in SF in my opinion. Such a great spot to dine solo, and so much better than the Potrero Hill location.
When I know someone back there in the kitchen knows how to damn cook.I doubt I would have been completely satisfied for a light lunch of soup, salad and a side of fries anywhere else. It's a small place, I like that. I was seated right away up at the bar and took my time scanning the menu items. Everything looked interesting and delicious, but I didn't want to eat too much so I opted for small bites. Roasted red pepper soup was to perfection. I would have liked it just a bit hotter? Bread, though delicious as only the French know how to make it, a little softer would be nice. Pomme Frites, kill me, as good as they get. I'll be back to sample more and other plates; Particularly curious about the crepes. Delicious food, lovely and courteous service. Can't wait to come back.
Small, cozy, great food, good service, great location.Despite living quite close for 2 years, I had never eaten or heard of this place. I decided to try it, based on the menu which has all my favorite French foods. I met a friend there, and they let us order wine while we waited. We shared:- Escargot- Frisee salad- Veal in cream sauce- French friesThe escargot were huge, and they generously filled each of them with the garlic herb sauce. You really need a ton of bread to mop it up, so good.This may sound weird but the salad was one of the best I've ever had. It was perfect texture, and generous amounts of bacon and of course a poached egg.The veal was tender, sauce great, generous portion of good vegetables,and it went perfectly with the fries. They even provided my friend a cup of au poivre sauce for her to dip the fries in.Was so full after but would go back for sure and will try the dessert crepe next time.
09.29.14 | bookmarked 10.04.12Monday night. My fantasy team definitely lost. We were a few drinks (and a few bars) in. Time to eat.Called Chez Maman. They luckily had a table available outside under the heat lamps. We power walked over so no one else can take our spot. This is what happens when they don't take reservations.We grabbed a bottle of red. Started with some escargot. And French onion soup. And beef tartare.Entrees: I had the L' orientale crepe (merguez, caramelized onions, swiss cheese and an over-easy egg). The rest of the table had the Mariniere Les Moules with fries, and the veal.We walked away full, happy, albeit a bit cold (I mean, it was September in San Francisco).yelp.com/biz_photos/chezLike!Total damage for three: $130
Went with a friend for lunch on a Friday and didn't have to wait at all. The corner location with it's large windows on two sides fill the room brightly with natural light. My friend insisted on getting the provenale muscles, and after having them, I can see why. The muscles were good quality, prepared well, in a sauce that I really enjoyed. It was flavorful without being too rich. Definitely order the fries to go along with them, they're seasoned well and have the perfect amount of crunch. We also ordered the salmon crepe, which was good (74/100), but nothing to write home about. We shared everything, and the portions were generous enough that we didn't finish all the food. I spent more than I usually would for lunch, but the quality of food, service, and friendly environment were easily worth it.Bottom line: it's a solid option if you're looking to share a nice lunch with a small group anywhere near Hayes Valley.
I never write Yelp reviews but I had to. My girlfriend got the striped sea bass as an entree with charcuterie plate and beef tartare as appetizers and she got the worst food poisoning of her life. Completely ruined our vacation to SF from the east coast. I had the flat iron steak which was fine but....seriously avoid this place.
Amazing food and amazing service. Our food came super fast and it was delicious. I recommend!!!!
I had a wonderfully average meal here. I don't say that to be facetious. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it. I ordered the basic burger. I asked for medium and it was a little overcooked, flavor was beefy and nothing more really. The bread was really nice and I appreciated the spots of smoke and crispiness. Any burger that comes with caramelized onions also gets more points. It may be that I ordered an average meal, so I'm not sure what the other brunch dishes have to offer. I can't say more than this. The restaurant itself is definitely French. It's small, so I imagine in the prime time it gets quite busy. I came late Saturday afternoon in that awkward time between lunch and dinner, so I didn't have to wait. Overall, I enjoyed my meal but it's was nothing extraordinary. Loved my company and glad I tried Chez Maman.
Came here on a Sunday night and expected a wait since they don't take reservations. The table that was suppose to be ours next took forever to leave even after paying the bill, but the service was impeccable! The hostess kept offering us to grab drinks and even seated us inside to wait where it was warm. We were served by a male waiter, but unfortunately forgot his name - but he was super awesome! He always checked up on us, joked around with us, and accommodated to our requests without hesitation - super friendly and inviting. We ordered a bunch of appetizers between 3 girls: - French onion soup: bit too salty for me, but my friends loved it.- Escargot: flavorful and cute utensils to clamp them to eat. For my friend that wasn't into seafood, she didn't mind the taste - which is good!- Beef Tartare: one of my favorite appetizers of the evening - the beef tasted really good on top of the bread pieces, especially with the yolk all over the beef. Super flavorful and would order this again when I return- Truffle Mac & Cheese: This order is normally an entree, but the waiter accommodated us by making it an appetizer and charging us half the price for an appetizer-sized dish. The truffle was a strong and delicious taste in the mac and cheese, and was my other favorite appetizer. The cheese was perfectly cooked to be stringy even after sitting awhile it was still cheesy-goodFor dinner I had the Basic Burger with fries and added bacon and avocado for $1.50 each. By the time I went through half my burger, I was too full from all the appetizers. My patty was suppose to be medium-rare, but it was too charred and a bit more cooked than I expected. Other than that the fries were tasty and thin, which paired the burger better by being less heavy. I liked that the burger came with the lettuce, onions, and tomatoes on the side so you can put as much as you want yourself. My friends had the Striped Seabass and the L'Orientel Crepe. We all only ate half because we were too full, but we all enjoyed it. I didn't get a chance to really try my friends, but I did a piece of the crepe. I tasted some sort of goat cheese, but maybe I am wrong - but because I don't like goat cheese, I didn't like it and barely touched the piece my friend cut out for me.At the end of the meal, the waiter came out with a complimentary creme brulee for us! - Awesome service! :) Definitely will be back.
Well, the name says it all. For those who would rather have a home-cooked meal made with love by maman instead of a piece of culinary art made of lobster foam and gold leaf, this is a great choice! I lived in Paris when I was younger, and I have to say this really does feel like French home cooking. It is not a high-end sort of fancy cuisine, it's very well done French cooking. I've only been once so far, but it was a really great meal. For reference I had the half chicken with mashed potatoes, and tarte tatin. Desert was the one thing that was less homestyle and a more restaurant version, but still very tasty. The diners around me were all audibly satisfied as well. I intend to return very soon!
Just in case you're like me and don't read French, the mussels are "Les Moules" at the bottom center of the menu. The waiter recommended the Mariniere sauce which was very good. After my friend and I finished the mussels we actually kept the sauce just so we could dip our bread in there and keep on eating. I had the salmon sandwich which was great -- it was unlike any sandwich I've ever had before. We came on Monday at 6pm and waited 30 minutes for a 2 person table which I thought was a bit long. Too bad they don't take reservations. I also thought the inside was a bit more crowded and noisier than I would have liked but I'm a fan of the food and would like to come back to try more menu items.
A true delight. Comfort food with a french flair.  Tasty, attentive, friendly service, and a good value for our dining dollars.
Great food, friendly staff. Crepe is on point and omelet was excellent. The ambiance does give you a great "French" feel and the neighborhood this place is located in is awesome. We found it on our walk to the Painted Ladies, this spot is only a few blocks away.
We went earlyish on Saturday for supper, and there was a bit of a wait (maybe 20 minutes). They don't take reservations, so if you go on a popular night, your going to have to put your name on the list.I tried the BAKED CAMEMBERT with roasted garlic and toast points appetizer ($8), which was a yummy warm cheese with lots of garlic in it, that comes in a small ramekin and you spread on butter-garlic toast. It also came with a head of roasted garlic, which was messy to get out, but creamy and delicious also spread on bread. The small salad on the side was also good; fresh greens with nice vinaigrette dressing. Cheese is pretty filling, so I would recommend sharing this as an appetizer.The STRIPED BASS garlic spinach & mango cucumber sauce ($19) was very good; I would definitely get it again. The mango cucumber was more of a salsa than a sauce; it was a diced mix around the plate. The dish tasted fresh and light; like a summer dish.In general, the place is fairly small. There are two four-person tables outside, but the sidewalk seems a little on the small side to support it, and seems like of close to the road. There are also some seats at the counter. The tables are kind of close together, especially for the two-person tables, there isn't a lot of privacy; save the really dirty talk for later. ;) I would classify it as "upscale casual". They are definitely trying to be classier than the usual diner, and are charging more also, but the food we had was also of a nicer sort than the usual, and tasted really good. My impression was that they use high quality ingredients and cook it well. On the other hand, they also have a burger on the menu, offer seating at the bar, and the menus are laminated sheets on the table.
Came here with a girlfriend on a Friday night. There was a wait (probably about 35 minutes) so we decided to sit at the bar. The bartenders were excellent and the ambiance is wonderful; exactly what you think of when you're craving french. Got the escargot (wonderful & they're generous with the bread); burger with Roquefort (delicious! ciabatta took it to the next level); my friend got the mussles mariniere and they were great as well. Lovely little neighborhood spot! Great vibe, will definitely be back.
cafe Maman is impossibly french in the best of ways. I sat outside with on a nice late afternoon for a salad and glass of wine. While a chicken Caesar can be a boring choice,!it was the perfect serving size with a great dressing and well seasoned grill chicken. Many places mess up Caesars; cafe Maman is not one of them. Great spot to people watch the foot traffic from boutique shopping on Hayes st. If you come for brunch outside keep your group small--mainly two tops. Classic french bistro inside. Would happily come back for dinner. Price list was reasonable, great freshly baked bread, all of the wait staff was friendly (and Didn't lead me wrong when recommending Chaya for dinner!) Ps, No Amex accepted.
By far my favorite casual French option in the city. The food is extremely authentic and just simply delicious. It's like being in the south of France.
I came here yesterday night with a three other friends around 7pm. We waited for about half an hour which wasn't bad. We walked around Hayes as we waited for our seats. The server was really nice and made some great recommendations for us. We ended up ordering the Baked Camembert, Beef Tartare, Basic Burger, Pork Chop, and the Les Moules Poulette. Our food didn't take too long to come. We got the two appetizers first and they both looked awesome. I particularly enjoyed the Baked Camembert because it came with a baked whole garlic and you get a little fork to pull out the perfectly baked cloves of garlic to spread on your bread with the cheese. The Beef Tartare was good but not really special. Next, our pork chop came and we asked for it medium rare and they did a perfect job of that. It came with brussel sprouts which paired perfectly with their delicious sauce. Next, we got a basic burger which was pretty good but not that special. And lastly, the mussels came. That was hands down my favorite dish. The sauce was so good and the mussels were really fresh! I would definitely recommend the mussels Poulette! I would come back again. I just probably won't want to be seated outside at night because it got a little cold. THE MUSSELS. I'll just leave it at that.
Great staff, French in the best way. Solid crepes, escargot was a bit salty. Outdoor seating with fantastic people watching.
Wonderful staff. Excellent service. Delicious food and drink. Can't be better than this.Our friends were delayed by evening commute traffic and rain and we still had time to enjoy their good company and share a table before the Symphony...mostly due to the efficient and kind service of this staff.I thank them, one and all.
Decent spot to get brunch in Hayes Valley. The food was pretty good and the sangria was well-balanced. Though I wasn't too impressed with the croque monsieur, quite cheesy, it was still good. I'd recommend one of the omelettes. I think the most memorable thing about this place is the service. Most of the servers are dorky dudes with French accents. So, it was a funny brunch.
June 26, 2015 4 starsTwo friends and I had dinner here before attending my friends performance, Beethoven's Fidelio, at Davies Symphony Hall. We ordered the escargot de bourgogne, beef tartate, chez maman mac and cheese, les moules - provencale, and veal. Service was prompt and the staff was nice to accommodate our schedule.***Food***The meal started with complimentary bread and butter, the bread was pretty good and we ask for more to have with the escargot butter, garlic, herb sauce, and for the broth produced from cooking the mussels. Still water was provided along with a wine drinks menu.~Escargot de BourgogneEscargot has very good flavor, buttery, garlicky, and a lot of parsley flavor. They were not over cooked and chewy, not under cooked and slimy. Unfortunately they removed all the organs so it was quite small, when left with only the foot and body.~Beef TartareBeef was sliced to about a 3-5 mm size cubes, making it easy to eat. I didn't get any sinew in my pieces and the quail egg yolk on top brought a good creaminess and also acted as a sort of binder. Dijon mustard brought a good heat to the dish, capers added a little salt, with the shallots adding some texture. Bread was nicely toasted and acted as a good platform for the beef. It needed small a pinch of salt to better bring out the flavor and a crack or two of black pepper for seasoning.~Chez Maman Mac and CheeseSlightly disappointing because the group was looking forward to the shaved truffles as seen on the menu online and by the door. We was served good mac and cheese with truffle oil, which isn't the same, nor an ingredient I would use in my cooking.~Les Moules - ProvencaleMussels was seasoned and cooked very well with the beard removed and no grit in the cream and mussel liquoer.~VealVeal ever so slightly over cooked, but when paired with the sauce it was perfectly fine. Vegetables was cooked well, with zucchini and yellow squash no over good, and the carrots had a good texture.***Greeter, staff, wait***The greeter was nice and showed us a menu as we waited. She occasionally came by to update us on the wait. We waited for about 30 minutes for a table, where two ladies was taking their time and idling for 3 hours was what we was informed by the hostess. Staff was very nice and when we informed them we was trying to eat quickly to meet our 8:00 pm performance, our food came out very quickly. We also had a complaint about the Chez Maman mac and cheese; on the menu online and by the door, it has shaved truffles included in the list of ingredients; and the staff was very kind to not include it on our bill. We also asked for additional bread, to have with the broth from the mussels, which was brought promptly, so good.***Ambiance***Ambiance is nice, but the space is quite small and we was seated very close to the next table. We was fortunate to be seated and by the window, and the lighting was nice, with the exterior lighting and interior melding together.***Parking***NOT INCLUDED IN RATINGI tried parking as close to the Symphony Hall or the restaurant as possible, which proved difficult, but when I easily found parking on Van Ness between Hayes and Fell St.
On a rainy afternoon, I wandered into this restaurant in the Hayes Valley and was wowed by the authenticity of its French Bistro menu. The two gentlemen next to me on the copper counter ordered soon after, and we were collectively oohing and aahing over our respective dishes. I stuck with a traditional Nicoise salad, yummy. The young man from Chicago who was visiting San Francisco for the first time ordered a haumburger on a sourdough roll, with cheese and bacon. and shoestring fries. Something you might imagine getting in New Orleans. He took a picture and I hope he posted elsewhere here on Yelp/ He said he spotted someone else wolfing it down outside on the sidewalk outside the Bistro and had to come in after that sight. I agree, it was wondrous to behold. He left not a crumb. I don't think you would either. There is also a nice wine and beer selection and personal service from a waiter who lived, like I did, in the 15th arrondissement near the Eiffel Tower, in Paris.
The wait was insanely long and I was starving. Their ETA was completely off even though I know it's technically not in their control if people take forever to leave.The food was good but did not live up to my expectations and the long wait time.I don't even remember what I had.
amazing dinner/date place. Not too pricey, great atmosphere, delicious food, phenomenal service. What more can one ask for?
You don't have to eat food on the "cutting edge" to eat well. There are no foams, gels or molecular gastronomy at CMW. Their concept is to serve food your mother used to make ... if your mother was French and ran a bistro. However, I think this food must have been ubiquitous in every American gentleman's club, restaurant or country club in the 60's and 70's. This isn't groundbreaking, gourmet or chi chi food. This is classic French comfort food done well. We were a group of 3 for dinner last night. We added our names to the list at around 5:39 pm. A group of 5 before us said they had been waiting for 2 hours. No reservations are taken. We were a little hesitant as the hostess said the wait would be at least an hour. We were pleasantly surprised when we snagged an inside table just 30 minutes later. Space is tight so be prepared to suck in that spare tire and apologize for bumping into other guests as you squeeze into your table.We started with Escargot de Bourgogne. Six snails are cooked in their shell with parsley, butter and white wine. The snails were tiny and I felt they were just a vehicle for the sauce. I always try to obey my beloved grandmother who always told me to not leave food on my plate. Therefore, each of us had to request a whole basket of bread to sop up all that saucy goodness, delicious carb overload. Expect garlic breath. On hindsight, probably not the best thing to eat just before going to the Orpheum for a show. To the stranger seated to my right, I apologize for any unintended aromatic vapors I sent your way. One friend ordered the lamb and vegetable brochettes. Two skewers were served with couscous and a pesto mint coulis. The lamb was tender but I think this dish had more veggie than lamb. This was the most expensive dish of the 3 entrees but delivered less bang for the buck. Another friend ordered the Veal with a creamy white wine sauce and mushrooms. The sauce was rich and the veal was tender. If my own dish wasn't so hearty, I would have begged for a bigger taste of her meal. I ordered the pork chop with brussel sprouts and an apple cider mustard sauce. The pork chop was good but I think the sprouts and the sauce stole the show. The sprouts were roasted with bacon. Coupled with some of the sauce and it was a perfectly salty, sweet bite of heaven. For dessert, we all shared a crepe Suzette and a crepe tatin. The Suzette was stuffed with orange butter, sprinkled with sugar and doused with Grand Marnier. Our server fired the dessert but the flames didn't last long. It was still quite boozy when we ate it. The crepe tatin was a bit disappointing. The filling was cold and reminded me of apple pie filling. Since we were expecting hot, caramelized apples, it was just OK. It may have been our fault since we told our server that we needed to finish dinner in time to get to the theater. My friends and I enjoyed a perfect night where the stars all aligned to give us a fun evening of good food, great camaraderie and a pair of Kinky Boots.
I love Chex maman. Their service is good, their environment is hip and fun. They have amazing French onion soup. Everything I've tried is very tasty. It's a small bistro, but I've never had to wait more than 30 minutes for a table and they take your phone number so you can walk around the area or go get a drink next door.
I have to say my first time here was amazing. The owner was super friendly and charming. He totally gave the best customer services ever. He stopped to check on your table, made suggestions, and tried to get to know the customers. Wow. Other staffs were also very friendly and attentive. The food was really great. My friend got the pork chop which was very well season. The other got a super yummy steak which was cooked perfectly. My veal with white wine sauce was also wonderful. I must say this place would be on top of my SF restautant.
Great place, great food, authentic experience. No reservations available so get your name on the waiting list for an evening dinner; luckily the location provides ample opportunity to spend your time shopping the boutiques of Hayes Valley.Escargot, mussels, frites and fettucini were all superb. A little loud in the smaller space since it is usually bustling, but the food is truly excellent and worth the visit.
Ate at Chez Maman West on Monday of memorial day weekend. Got seated promptly. That is where the good feedback ends. The waiter seemed frazzled and tried to take the orders of the table next to us and ours without writing anything down. He had lost his pen. While reviewing the order he mixed them up and we offered to wait and let him get a pen. He demurred.We were pretty sure we would not get what we ordered and sure enough her soup came to our table, we got a salad we didn't order (which he comped for us to be fair), and we didn't get our escargot. We did get mussels, salad Nicoise with ahi, and lamb ordered medium rare which actually came raw. We ate everything but the lamb which my mate took home to re cook later. All tasted pretty good to be fair.It was about an hour after we ate that the tummy rumbles (aka bubble guts) began. We headed home rather than continue shopping and risk an accident. I hate being too graphic but I must to display the severity. I spent the next 3 hours in the bathroom with #3. Google it. I didn't throw up or feel nauseous but I peed out of my butt. No Bueno.Bad day, maybe. Taking that risk again, not so much.
My review is based on moules mariniere - and they know how to make them! Delicious, fresh mussels steeped in white wine with a lot of garlic and lemon juice. Light and flavorful. Best served with french fries but also great woth a baguette and butter if you're willing to save on extra fat. I also had the tartare but it doesn't compare to the mussels. Will be coming back for more
We always see a long line at this place. We finally were able to go there and eat. The food was decent but not as good as we imagined. We had the mussels and the striped bass. The fish was fishy and small. The mussels were good but it didn't have enough sauce. If there was enough sauce to cover all the mussels then I think it would have tasted better. There was a lot of mussels--enough for two people to share but the size of the mussels were small. :/
Chex Maman will always be my favorite place to eat on Hayes Valley. The staff is always kind and the food is fantastic. I wish the quiche Lorraine was still on the menu, but there's plenty of other winners. The burger is awesome and the dinner menu can really impress.
Decent food with a cool atmosphere in Hayes Valley. I ordered the burger, which was good. Next time I'll try the crepes or the eggs Benedict which looked a lot better than my burger!
I love this place. It's nice to have a greeting in French "Bonjour. a va?"Yes, 5 stars because I think Chez Maman West does a fantastic job. I read some of the overly tough reviews and I am not sure if the people who sat down looked at the menu before coming in or were expecting a different cuisine style?!? Tough crowd. I enjoyed coming here for a simple and delightful burger cooked exactly the way I wanted with amazing frites--a nice super soft Ciabata roll, and I ordered avocado which was beautifully sliced. When I first saw the plate I thought it looked like the right amount of food then eating every morsel--I realized I ate my lunch and my dinner. I may eat a smaller portion but a nice amount of food for me.Service at the bar was super friendly--not too much and not too little--just right amount. I had a lovely glass of French ros which was perfect to enjoy the ambiance of fun 70s music. I realized that Chez Maman West is in Pendragon Bakery had been for years. While I liked Pendragon--Chez Maman West is perfect for this space. I can't wait to go back.
The restaurant is super casual, atmosphere is busy and noisy at times, and it can be a tight squeeze into your seat.  With that said, this is one of my favorite spots to sit down for a bowl of mussels. The Poulete les Moules is my choice with flavors of bacon, shallots, white wine and creamy goodness. The french fries aren't really my thing, yet dipping the fresh Acme bread into the broth is a must. I've also tried the French Onion Soup, Warm Goat Cheese Arugula salad, Veal, Mariniere les Moules, Brussels Sprouts and the Mac n' Cheese. I like the soup, the Arugula salad is enough for 2 to 3 people, the Brussels Sprouts have great flavor and the mac n' cheese is a heavy bowl of pasta.  I totally enjoy the background music and ambiance. I come for lunch or an early dinner most of the time and it has been Reggae, Marley, Pepper, and some other good vibe beats. It's probably not the best French dining experience, but I'm addicted to the Poulete, so I'm hooked.
Super fast and friendly service. Reminds me of the small cute bistros in France. Food was tasty.
Had to try the 2 standards here, their Chez Maman burger and french onion soup. My friend and I split these two items and were fully stuffed after lunch. The burger is made of all high quality ingredients (lightly dressed mixed greens, juicy tomato) and the patty is has a herb flavor, probably herbes de provence. We got the burger with bacon, cheddar and an egg added. The bacon is super crispy almost like baked proscuitto rather than traditional bacon.   French onion soup, admit it, that thick layer of melted Gruyere is what sold you on this item. You do get a generious layer of cheese on top, the soup was good, but a little sweet for my taste. Anyway we were fed for like $27 after tip which was pretty good for the quality of food.
We came here on a busy Saturday evening. Prominent Hayes Valley location, lots of cool shopping and restaurants nearby. Street parking was not too bad within a few blocks, but it could have been luck. It's a small restaurant, so even though it was an early dinner, there was about an hour wait. We were a party of 3, and parties of 2 can get in much faster. The hostess was very friendly and helpful. I was able to have a beer while waiting outside.It's a solid French menu. We started out with a couple of salads, the organic greens salad with sherry vinaigrette and pears, and the frisee salad with a poached egg and red wine vinaigrette, and both were okay. The Acme baguette for the table was good. For entrees, we had the flat iron steak with French fries, the pork chop with brussel sprouts and bacon, and the fettucini carbonara. They were all okay. The steak was requested to be medium rare, but came medium well. The pork chop was a bit dry and the brussel sprouts undercooked. The carbonara was a solid French version. We liked the desserts the most. The cinnamon pain perdu with fresh berries and cream was excellent and the chocolate mousse was very good. The decaf Americano was very good, but the regular decaf brewed coffee was not nearly as good, it came out lukewarm. Service was okay.Perhaps we need to try more menu items, seems like the mussels and french fries are very popular. We've been to the sister restaurant Chez Papa a couple of times before and liked it more.
Updating my previous review... It's tough to always pass by this place and continue harboring a negative vibe, so I was really glad to get to talk to Marie and David from the management team who were both receptive to my feedback and eager to change my previous perception. I went back under the same circumstances -- on a Saturday after the lunch hour rush with our 2 young kids. We had the same wait time of 15 minutes, and when I got the callback, I returned in 5 minutes with our table ready -- woohoo! Now that that's out of the way, let's get to the food -- because truth is, I really wanted to return to Chez Maman and enjoy their excellent menu again! We ordered our staples:- beef tartare (as always, flavorful and well-seasoned!)- truffle mac and cheese (which my son scarfed down)- les moules mariniere (our favorite-- mussels steamed in garlic, white wine and lemon)- classic Chez Maman burger with brie (perfectly grilled medium rare)We also got the pork chop and brussels sprouts with apple cider mustard sauce -- it was a little too hearty for me, but my hubby has a huge appetite and liked it.They also had a preview of the menu for Papito, their sister restaurant opening next month. The ceviche and tacos were quite enticing -- I'll have to try that next time (or pay a visit to Papito!)I'm very glad we've settled our differences because you're a friend worth keeping, Chez Maman!
Organic chicken was moist and the lemon sauce good but no veges with it just plpped down on mashed potatoes...for the price i think they could include a vege. Butter (with usual white baguette) was divine. I found myself wondering what the health dept would feel about the owner's dog wandering around half the time i was there.
Chez Maman is one of the most appropriate after-work dinner spots in the city on any weeknight. It's centrally located in Hayes Valley (right on Gough and Hayes) and can be accessed by the 21, the 47, or the 5. To get a seat you just sign your name on the clipboard they have posted outside and you can take a quick walk and pop in to any of the shops on Hayes for a shopping stint before dinner. The restaurant is small, so be ready to get cozy with your seatmates. We came on a Wednesday night at around 6 p.m. and the wait took about 20 minutes, not bad at all! For dinner, we ordered the warm goat cheese salad, the Basic Burger with Cheese, and Les Moules Marinieire with fries, with a side helping of wine. All were great, but not highly memorable. Overall, service was super attentive, food was decent and decently priced, and you can't beat the location.
This is the best restaurant in SF. Always good food, fast service and well priced. The mussels are my favorite dish, the Salmon is good, the roast 1/2 chicken is also tasty. The dessert menu is loaded.
This is about the perfect place to grab a bite (big or small) after catching a show. Perfect location, surrounded by the music halls and SFJAZZ. Parking could be challenging, but so is everywhere else in the city. It is small but cozy, good atmosphere, and a good menu with a great variety. I was told the wine list is good as well, even though I did not order any myself. We ended ordering French onion soup, pork chop and the stripped bass. I would recommend the first two with out any reservations, the mango sauce for the fish might be challenging because of the strong floral and spice notes for some. Both pork and fish were cooked nicely, moist and tender. This restaurant also has a great neighborhood feel to it, in fact, we ran into a nice couple living a couple of blocks away from it, dining next to us.
Pros:-they serve classic French food-fast service-price are reasonableCons:-they are popular so you might have to wait a LOT-the food is not everytime authentic (the toasted Camembert taste like Brie for example)-it's noisyAt the end it's a good deal and I'm everytime satisfied, nothing amazing but constant good experience.
Small restaurant with a bit of a wait. They have a few outdoor tables with heat lamps. I would not come here with a group of more than 4 people. Food was pretty good. The Mariniere muscles were yummy and you can dip bread in the sauce. Flat iron steak was good but not outstanding. The texture of the meat was too soft? The pork chop was probably the highlight, it was nicely broiled. My friend had the veal and she wasn't a huge fan of it (slices of meat in sauce). For dessert we had the Suzette crepe (butter orange sauce containing slight alcohol) and Chestnut crepe. I liked the Suzette.Service was attentive.
For our appetizers we had the beef tartare, mussels, and the fries. The mussels were so good and came with a lot more than expected! They were super flavorful and went great with the fries. The beef tartar was delicious and normal but I still enjoyed it.For my entree, I got the pork chop which was moist and flavorful. The sauce it came with was soooo good and flavorful and two thumbs up.Overall enjoyed my meal, the wait wasn't terrible, and not too expensive.
We got there around 6pm on a Saturday and we were seated right away (table for 2)! Ordered the mussels (do order if you like mussels!) and 2 entrees (bass and veal) and we enjoyed all three of them! The mango cucumber sauce on the bass was not very sweet which I enjoyed! The veal also tasted great with the cream sauce and mushrooms. the veges on the veal was average but I still enjoyed the dish! Best thing of all? Everything was so reasonably priced for a french restaurant in the city :) Waiters/servers were also very friendly.
Thank you so much Chez Maman for being open so late. We came here after a performance at the Symphony... Everywhere that wasn't a crowded bar or a cheapo chain was closed and we popped in. The place was still incredibly full (great job, guys) but they still squeezed us in at the bar. I had the macaroni and cheese and it was complete bliss. Even the leftovers the next day were great.We'd come back here for sure, for the late night bites and the French cuisine that goes down like butta... Because you know they're cooking with the real stuff!
Cute atmosphere. Great service. Nicely prepared French staples. Great location. I will be back!
So happy I stumbled upon this place! I came in for a late lunch on Sunday and (unfortunately) had missed their brunch hours, but I ended up not being disappointed in the least. The place is pretty small but we got seated right away at a nice table by the window. I started with my favorite Sunday cocktail - a Bellini - and it was one of the best I've ever had! I know there's not much to it, but it really was great. We also ordered the Mariniere mussels to start and they were divine! The sauce was extra garlicy (which in my opinion is a plus) and perfect for dipping the bread in. The mussels tasted really fresh and they gave us a good amount of them. Since I was still in brunch mode, I ordered the smoked salmon panini with french fries and split that and the croque madam with my sister. Both of the sandwiches were phenomenal! The smoked salmon was served with a creme fraiche and the croque madam was cooked perfectly. The french fries were also very good, perfectly salty! My father ordered the veal, which came in a white wine mushroom sauce and was served with fresh veggies, was to die for! I never thought I liked veal, but I would order that any day.The service at Chez Maman was also great...it's a small restaurant, so it is kind of expected when you only have so many tables. The location of this restaurant is another plus. I haven't spent much time in Hayes Valley, but I recommend everyone that eats here go walk off the deliciousness and take a stroll down the street. There are a ton of really cute stores around that are great for window shopping. Pretty reasonably priced as well!One of the best meals I've had out in a while! I can't wait to come back and try their brunch and more of their regular menu.
I dined here with David C. and Allen C. on one of the hottest days in SF, so my experience might be a little off. This place has no AC or air circulation, so even when it cooled down around 7pm, it was an oven inside. I'm pretty sure there was a 10-15 degree temperature difference. If that dining experience (minus the food) was any indication of what it's like to burn in hell, I am definitely going to stop committing sins.- French Onion Soup ($6): BEST French onion soup I've ever had in my life. I'd totally go back just to get this! Hell, I'd order three of these bad boys on its own!- Basic Burger ($11 with $1.5 add ons): Yelpers rave about this burger (especially with the brie and egg), but I just couldn't stomach this burger. It tasted a bit too heavy for my liking.. I blame it on the heat, but I would be down to give it a second chance. The burger comes with loads of fries!- Mussels - Poulette - shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley ($15): although the mussels were a bit on the tiny side and a little dry, the sauce that it comes in was super flavorful. They don't mess around, that's for sure.- Chez Maman Mac & Cheese - shaved truffles, truffle oil, cheese ($14): you can definitely skip this dish. For an entree, the portion is not that huge. The mac n cheese was so bland, we had to pile on the salt. Although they have truffles and truffle oil, I can probably make better mac n cheese at home.Although the environment was less than ideal, I'm going to excuse it since SF probably deals with hot weather once in a blue moon. Will definitely be back to try out the Baked Camembert, Escargot de Bourgogne, and Beef Tartare... when the weather is nice and cool. :)
Exceptional quality. Exceeded expectations. Fast friendly service.I came to San Fran for the first time in 30 years with my wife and daughter for spring break and we were looking for a reasonably priced restaurant to go to before attending the ballet. We decided to give Chez Maman a shot based upon the reviews.We started off with a bowl of French Onion Soup and the Warm Goat Cheese Salad. Both were outstanding and was enough to share among the three of us. The Pork Chop with Brussels Sprouts, Bacon and Apple Cider Mustard Sauce that I had was very moist, tender and cooked to perfection. The spouts were a tad under done, though. My wife had the Half Roasted Chicken with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Lemon Confit. Best. Mashed. Potatoes. Ever. Not heavy on the garlic. The chicken was also moist and flavorful. My daughter had the Chez Maman Mac & Cheese; equally delicious. The range of flavors was fantastic for all three entres. Finished it off with Tatin Roasted caramelized apples with chantilly which literally melted in our mouths.The prices were very reasonable for the total experience. Overall, a wonderful dining experience, enough to warrant a return to San Fran sooner than 30 years!
Came here for a quick since we observed no line. Service was extremely slow. Ordered the beef tartare as appetizer. I got the quiche for the main dish.Beef tartare: beef tartare is one of my favorite dishes and it is quite hard to get it good. Beef quality has to be high and seasoning has to be perfect. I have to say I have high standard for this and I was not impressed. They ran out of quail egg too lol.Quiche: my standard for quiche is Bouchon in Napa. Silky and thick. The quiche here is thin and hard. Really mediocre. Overall, check off from my list but will not come back.
Love this place! I ordered the flat iron steak with peppercorn sauce. The meat was cooked perfectly, had lots of flavor and the garlic sauce on the side was the icing on the cake.Will definitely be back and can't wait to try other delicious options on their menu!!!
Came here on a Sunday afternoon. Restaurant is small with seating for about 30 people max. Food (5/5):-Basic Burger with Egg (5/5): Amazing!!-Mussels (5/5): Great flavor-Beef Tartare (4/5): Great if you love horseradishService (4/5): Water was refilled quickly and consistently. Was easy to flag down the waiter if needed and waiter made good suggestions. Ambience (4/5): Simple but effective. Conversations had over slightly raised voices.
This is solely based on a single brunch encounter. Chez Maman is really cute with counter and table seating, reminiscent of a small diner.We had a basket of complimentary Acme bread and butter (both heavenly!!) and I vouched for the Salmon crepe. My gal pals had the Croque Monsieur and Eggs benedict. All of our food was above average, though not particularly notable.I've heard really great things about their lunch and dinner options (mussels, escargot, etc.) so I would return to try those in the future!
On a recent trip to SF, this was hands down my favorite restaurant. This cute, small restaurant can get quite crowded- the locals know that this place is awesome, because there's a line out the door at times! They have a variety of mussels, which seems to be their specialty. I opted for the Mussels Mariniere with frites, while my dining companion had the Thai Mussels. Both of them were stellar. I've never had mussels this good. The sauce was out of this world. I can't rave enough about how great these things were. The fries were crisp, salty, and a perfect match for the mussels. They came heaped in a giant bowl, with unlimited bread to come along with it to soak up the delicious sauce. I could go on and on and on about how I loved that sauce. The Thai mussels were served with a similarly delicious sauce- made from basil and coconut milk. Incredible. Absolutely incredible. The service was stellar. Our waiter took excellent care of us. When he found out that we were from San Antonio, Texas he told us about how the Spurs head coach likes to eat here regularly, and goes for the Mariniere also. Food of champions. The restrooms were clean and spacious. In fact, the whole restaurant was clean. The decor was comfortable. We watched as the table next to us struggled to find their best vegetarian dish. It seems that they have a few options- the waiter recommended their mac & cheese, but they weren't having it. However, they did go for the French onion soup that looked absolutely amazing- melted cheese formed a layer over the soup, and it smelled divine! The prices were quite fair, considering how unforgettable the food was here. After having less than exciting seafood in the Golden Gate City, this place was a refreshing, and exciting change from the rest. I've got to honestly say, this was one of the best seafood dishes I've ever had. And I know my seafood. I can not wait to get back there and try the other mussels dishes. Drop what you're doing right now, and get there and try them out.
I love this place. The staff seems to actually enjoy working. They all serve you in the European style. Lionel is a great guy behind the bar. Food is reasonably priced and delicious
We were here Tuesday night. Waited 5 minutes and instantly love the ambiance.I ordered onion soup, fettuccini and bf ordered the flat iron steak dessert we spilt the Orange crepes!Delicious!!!!! Price was great!! But I can see weekend will be hard to get here as they don't take reservation.We will return and want to try the one in Potrero Hill.
This place is super small so be prepared to wait, but it it is well worth it! Everything I tried was delicious. For appetizers/sides to share, I recommend the Escargot ($9) and Fries w Aioli ($5). The fries were sooo thin cut and crispy with a good garlicy flavor- probably some of the best fries I've had! The escargot was in a parsley buttery sauce (great for dipping your bread), and is a good dish to try for first-timers. For entrees, the PORK CHOP is the way to go!! Ask for it to be cooked Medium- it is SO surprisingly tender and comes in an amazingly huge portion. It's served on a bed of marinated artichokes. For something lighter, try the Salad Nicoise w seared ahi tuna or Mariniere Mussels (les moules). Only disappointing thing was the complimentary Acme bread because it was served cold (though I think this is typical of French restaurants).
Chez Maman is a popular French-American spot situated in the middle of Hayes Valley, with homey dishes and a welcoming atmosphere. I wanted to love it for all these reasons, but the Eggs Florentine I ordered was a little underwhelming. The egg muffin was so thin it was barely there, and the poached egg was over-done so that the yolk was coagulating already. The sauted spinach was a good addition, but the gruyere bchamel sauce wasn't flavorful enough. If I were to come back, I'd definitely get the burger which seems to be Chez Maman's specialty. I had a bite of my boyfriend's burger and was immediately impressed with the flavor and seasoning of the patty. I also loved how it was served on a ciabatta bun that was toasted perfectly. Overall, the meal was satisfactory, and I'll definitely be back to give it a second chance given that I now know what to order!
One of my favorite french bistros. Good consistent quality, reasonable price. It's a pretty small spot so there's usually a wait. Put your name on the board and go get some ice cream down the street.Love their steak frites and the warm goat cheese salad.They also have Mexican food on the menu. It's segregated fusion.
I have not been able to stop raving about the Basic Burger since dining at Chez Maman. After taking the first bite of the perfectly medium burger with warm goat cheese and big slices of bacon, i was hooked! The heat from the patty helped melt the goat cheese and keep the tomato slices and caramelized onions from slipping out. If beef isn't your protein of choice, they also offer chicken, fish and a vegetarian burger with toppings of your choice (outside of the usual lettuce, tomato, and onion) at an extra $1.50 each. I love the bread they use. It seems slightly too large for the patty until you start adding in the veg. Then it's perfect! The fries were nicely crisp and thinly cut too. They won't seat your table until your whole party as arrived. Wasn't a problem though. They made our wait more comfortable by offering to get us something to drink while we stood waiting at their high tables outside.
Want to love this place because it's literally across from my apartment and would make such a perfect (albeit indulgent) go-to. I've had meals here that range from meh to mediocre. The escargot needed more juiciness, the mussels were lacking in flavor, the burger's bread was dry bordering on stale, and the chicken panini was average at best. All to say, it's fine for a weekday night when you're already in the neighborhood and have no other plans, but definitely don't bother waiting 20+ minutes for a table.Service is also hit or miss.
French for V-day? Sure hopeless romantic boyfriend...sure....I am not a big fan of french food, not to say i dont like it, but its not a big hit for meService was great, wait time was quick but we came pretty darn early, like around 5Ordered the Chicken Burger with goat cheeseEscargot de BourgogneBoyfriend got something but i forgot, steak? it was good thoughEscargot - not bad, very very buttery but I still prefer Chapeau! version...i think this place lacks a bit of the infused flavoring. Chicken burger - yummmm....the chicken breast was juicy and moist, you can still see the juice ooze out. Goat cheese....yumm...i love goat cheese...it was a little melty so it meshed into my chicken....what else can i say...it was delicious!
Delicious, delicious food. We had the daily soup (carrot that day), pasta with mushroom sauce and croque Madame. Tasted fresh, and the flavors were nicely balanced. Maybe too much thyme (? Can't remember) in the mushroom sauce. Croque Madame was the real deal - square bread, cheesy sauce; none of that sourdough tartine faff. The bread and butter they gave us was nice. I recommend this place!!
Wait: 30 minute estimate for 3 people at 8pm on a Saturday (albeit the Saturday before Christmas). It ended up being 10 minutes when they called (we were walking around Hayes Valley).Cost: $14 for me with just the Croque Madame.Must-Haves: Croque Madame, Fries!~~Sides~~* Ratatouille ($5) - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/chezI wasn't super impressed with this, but I haven't had much ratatouille and maybe just dont' like this dish a lot in general. I found it to be a mix of mushy vegetables without much oomph in flavor. ~~Les Moules (recommended with fries)~~* Fries - 4.5 stars pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/chezPretty thin, but cooked just about perfectly with an even layer of crisp and a soft inside. My friend usually likes his fries really crispy and I like them more chewy, but for the first time we seemed to find fries that we both like. The aioli was lemony, garlicy, and awesome. Even better mixed with the ketchup.* Mussels Provenale - 4 stars(tomato concassee, basil, garlic & bell peppers. $15)pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/chezGood, and in a tasty soup (great for soaking up with the free bread). Only tried a few but enjoye this.~~Paninis (served with salad)~~* Croque Madame (with egg, $11) - 4.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/chezcross-section: yelp.com/biz_photos/chezAmazingly soft bread (and 2 slices), thick layers of ham and super stretchy gooey (and rather strong!) cheese. The egg on top was like the icing on the cake - amazing to dip this all in the yolk. ~~Entrees~~* Pork Chop - 4 stars(with brussels sprouts & apple cider mustard sauce. $17)pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/chezTried a bite and really liked this - fairly tender meat, great savory flavor. Also a really tasty thick sauce, loved cleaning this up with the bread!
The place to eat a good and traditional french cuisine like chez maman... You are in France!!!
Fantastic after play dinner tonight! Flat iron steak was mouth watering and the salmon just as delicious!
Fast service, Paris fast, almost Too fast, sat outside, 3 feet from muni bus, place was too rushed, seemed more than they could handle, good food but hyper experience. GOOD French Onion soup,
J'adore Chez Maman!Many French restaurants in the city are listed on Yelp with three to four dollar signs but Chez Maman stands out by offering delicious French food for great prices in a casual atmosphere.This bistro-style Hayes Valley gem offers most of what you'd expect from a French restaurant, including steak tartare, moules marinires, and more casual-style foods you might not find in most French plces, e.g. hachis parmentier (my personal favorite).The staff is always friendly, attentive and quick and Chez Maman's central location is perfect for catching up with friends, except if you're too numerous ;).The space is pretty confined and thus the wait can be long, but if you can come in on an off night or earlier/later than most, you should be seated within minutes.Bon apptit!
This place is amazing. Definitely get the mussels if you get the chance.
Went here with my son for Father's Day. I had the wild mushroom crepe and fries. Both great. It was almost like being in Paris, only the service was better (price too).
This is one of our favorite restaurants. They never disappoint with food or service. I've had the pork chops and salmon before and both were delicious.Tonight I tried their veal and the sauce was amazing. I try to avoid eating the bread--not because it's less than great, but because I don't want to fill up before the entree--but it was either ask for a spoon and drink it like soup or use the bread.I used the bread to enjoy more sauce.The mushrooms and julienne vegetables were great as well. Zero complaints.
Unfortunately my experience here didn't live up to the experience I had at their other restaurant. I actually thought this was a French / Belgium place, but I think I was mistaken. They're just french, and their mussels prove it. Its an odd tip, but don't deviate from the burger. So Belgium consumes the most mussels in the world, and that's what they're known for. I've eaten mussels there, and used Belgian recipes at home. Looking at the pictures, I thought the mussels here would be similar, but there's actually quite a difference.Mussels and Fries - The Mussels and fries were decent. The broth should have been a bit creamier, and maybe lacked black pepper. The mussels themselves were very very fresh. The order of fries was large, but I think is charged separately. The Burger - My friend got the burger, and I asked for a bite, just as a reminder of the first time I had it. YUM, heaven in my mouth. A burger that good for about 14 dollars is such a steal. I will definitely be coming back for that. Decent beer selections that go well with the food, and the beer prices are fairly standard.On the weekend, they have a brunch menu, and they don't do the full menu. They might be able to do some, (like the mussels), but not all, like the steak tartare. I would recommend coming here with a group of 4ish people, and splitting the mussels as an app rather than a meal. The service was good, but less home-y than the other location.I'll be back for the burger. I've learned my lesson to not deviate from the burger. Recommended!
Came here w/ a friend on a Saturday night & luckily didn't have to wait that long to be seated. The food here was amazing!! Just writing this review makes me want to come back right now.Les Moules Poulette w/ Fries - the mussels & broth were absolutely delicious!! The broth w/ the bacon,white wine&shallots was addicting that we dipped our bread & fries in it and even drank spoonfuls of it. Yes, it was that good! Highly recommend Croque Monsieur - from the reviews & pics that i had seen,i decided to try this out for the first time. I was really impressed! The bread had a great crunch to it along w/ the melted oozy cheese & ham. After eating this, my standards for Croque Monsieur are pretty high nowOverall, the quality and taste were really great. Definitely recommend & would come back again
What can i say..i live two blocks away from them and I go there a lot.Food is continuously excellent, consistent, fresh and delicious.The wines complement the dishes perfectly.Best of all is of course, the staff......Davids, Mouss... :-) /clin d'oeilJust go there and enjoy your time; you'll love it !! :-D
Was in Hayes Valley hanging out with a girl friend on a beautiful Saturday afternoon and walked upon Chez Maman. We decided to have brunch here. They have indoor and outdoor seating. Since weather was perfect (not windy and cold like typical sf weather), we decided to sit outside.Our server was very friendly and provided us with excellent service.We ordered the french onion soup, the mussels in the mariniere sauce, and french fries w/ aoili. Everything was delicious. The french onion soup came out piping hot was packed full of flavor. I love french onion soup and I was impressed. The mussels were also very flavorful. The mussels were juicy too. I took their complimentary bread and dipped it in the mussel sauce. yummmm. And you can never go wrong with french fries. Their fries were thin cut and crispy on the outside. Their aoili was delicious too.Surprisingly, we were very full. They give a good amount of mussels, so definitely a dish to share.I would definitely recommend others to come for their mussels.Parking is typical Hayes Valley, can be very difficult to find street parking. You will have to circle a few times. Sometimes you'll get lucky though!Overall, I had a pleasant experience dining here and will definitely return.
Got here on a rainy Sunday around 5:30pm, put our name on the list hanging by the door, told there would be a 20 min wait, but it was less. Had we gotten there any later, wait would have been longer. It is a very small restaurant and we had a nice table in a corner by the front window. There also are a few tables outside with heated lamps - had it not been drizzling perhaps people would have chosen to eat outside. We started with the famed onion soup and it was delicious !! My family had the veal dish, muscles, a burger, and 2 deserts and all were absolutely delicious. Nice size portions, delicious, and reasonably priced.  Highly recommend but be prepared to wait or arrive early.
I came here for my birthday, and it was amazing! There is a great wine selection. My husband and I got the escargot, still in shell, and I had a whole Pretty Woman moment. My husband got the burger with goat cheese and an egg on top. I got the lemon chicken with gravy and mashed potatoes. It sounds simple, but both were executed perfectly. The prices are reasonable in my book, and would highly recommend it. There are no small party reservations, first come first serve.
Love it! All dish is excellentonly negative thing is alway waiting more than one hour!Pork chops and onion soup are unforgettable
I came here with a friend before a SF Symphony concert with only about 45 minutes to eat We waited probably less than 5 minutes for a table, which was wonderful.I would normally begin my review by talking about the food, but the service was so impeccable, it deserves the first mention here. Major props to Dave, our server! We told him we were in a rush and had to make a 6:30 concert (for which we were planning to leave the restaurant at 6:15 to walk over and find our seats). We luckily already knew what we wanted to order and within less than 10 minutes, we had our food! He checked on us multiple times to make sure the food was good and that we were doing ok with time, then got us out ASAP so we could get the the concert. Thanks, Dave, for the great service!!Now onto the food. After reading previous yelp reviews, we had decided to order les moules (mussels), french fries, and the pork chops:Les Moules (Mariniere - with garlic, white wine, lemon juice, and parsley) - the mussels came heaping out of the black bowl/bucket. They were perfectly cooked and the sauce. Oh, the sauce. it was soo good - we kept dipping the bread into the sauce in order to drink up as much of it as we possibly could.French Fries - yes, we ordered french fries at a French restaurant (and yes, french fries are not French), but these were so PERFECT. Nice and crispy on the outside, but soft and pillowy on the inside. Perfectly salted and garnished with a bit of parsley. Let me tell you, though: the star of the fries, nay, the MEAL, was the garlic aioli that came with the fries. We loved this so much we had to ask for a second dipping bowl of the aioli. Just think creamy, garlicky perfection....ughh I'm drooling just thinking about this.Pork Cop (with brussel sprouts and apple cider mustard sauce) - my first bite was perfect! Nice and crisp (like a good sear) on the outside, and totally tasty. My only thing with this was that the rest of the pork chop was a tiny bit on the dry side. The mustard sauce and brussel sprouts were a good complement to the pork chop, but I do wish the pork chop was just a little more juicy.I wish we had time to try the desserts because we saw other people's desserts and they looked AMAZING, but, as I mentioned at the beginning, we were in a rush. I will definitely be coming back for another visit!!
I've been wanting to try the Moules Frites here for a while. It was a rainy day, so I had to cancel my original lunch plan. This place is a few blocks from the office, and so I went. I was eating alone so I grabbed a seat at the counter. I had the Moules Poulette and Fries. The Mussels came in a white wine, cream, parsley, shallots and Bacon :) sauce. (Hint: Save the bread for the sauce.) They were terrific. Huge, perfectly cooked mussels. So good. There are four varieties of mussels. I feel a bit bad, because I asked the servers recommendation, and then proceeded not to get it. (A lemon, white wine sauce.) The fries were very skinny and came with aioli.  Not super crispy. Overall, the meal was very good, but I wouldn't get the fries again. The service was fine. Not chatty. The prices aren't cheap, but the quality was very good, and I had no problem spending a bit on a really good lunch. Then again, it would have been spendy with a glass of wine, and I would have really enjoyed a glass with this meal. But, alas. a workday. You could see where France or Spain would be fun.I'd like to try some of the other Moules. I'd like to try the salad with brie, and the french onion soup. Escargot. Anyway, I'll be back.
My girlfriend and I came here for a late dinner at 9pm on a Friday and it was packed! This place is tiny but it's nice that they let you have a drink right outside the restaurant when the bar is too full and you're waiting.We saw that mussels were what everyone comes for and ordered some of those. We had:-Sangria: super fruity-Cotes-du-Rhone: lovely-Baked Camembert with roasted garlic and toast points appetizer: this was pretty big, delicious and came with a salad which was a nice bonus!-Mussels Provenale with tomato concassee, basil, garlic & bell peppers, olives & cream: This was a great dish in a vegetarian broth. It wasn't overly buttery and I loved the veggies and dipping my bread in it. -Mussels Poulette with shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley: my friends- I didn't try-Fries: yummyOverall, we really enjoyed our meal here. I liked that they had a nice variety of mussels entrees but I do wish the fries came with the mussels. I would definitely come back!
Recently went here after having gone to another Chez Maman that I really enjoyed. This place was good but I didn't enjoy it quite as much as the other. The service and pricing were good, not great. Still a worthwhile dining spot.
Such an approachable, delicious and cute restaurant! Wonderful french bistro vibe. Perfect for dinner for 2 or 3. I got the Mussels Provenale....the sauce is SO TASTY, and the sauce is the most important part of a good mussles dish. Wine was also great, I tried the Pinot Noir and the Rose. Great menu selection and super friendly staff. Open till 11pm, so great for after a show.Hayes Valley gem.
Omg I love love love this place we ordered the ratatouille crepes and fries with the special white amazing sauce and the mussels and it came with bread which was so amazingly great! The service was spectacular ! Great place to wine and dine with friends and dates
Spent a wonderful birthday here complete with great food exceptional service. We had the escargot and a few of the shells were empty. They brought us another order before we even asked. Then the creme brule with a candle and dessert wine arrived. Can't wait to return.
Chez Maman is solid! Good French style food at non-ridiculous prices. Their mussels are coveted - almost every table in the restaurant had one order. We ordered the one with white wine, lemon, and garlic sauce. I wanted to drink the sauce like soup. I kept eating more bread just so I could dip it into the sensational liquid,My boyfriend and I ordered the basic burger without the frills. The ciabatta bun was a nice twist. It was doughy and not hard. I loved the garlic aioli spread. The patty was a little under-cooked for medium.Overall, yummy food with all the options you would want/need for French cuisine. Affordable, and a cute date place. Try to go before prime dinnertime (or other mealtime). We showed up around 6 pm and didn't have to wait, but shortly thereafter people started lining up. It's popular due to its location (near the Symphony Hall and other entertainment venues) and the fact that its got great food!
Very delicious food and great service! This is a small and cute spot in Hayes Valley. They don't take reservations but we got a table for 4 at 6pm on Tuesday night with only a 5 minute wait. We got lucky. The bread and butter basket is never empty! The servers are on point.Tried the steak, the different mussels, fries and escargots. Everything was amazing!
Upon arrival we were quoted a 20-30 minute wait but ended up with immediate seating when the party of two ahead of us didn't pick up when the host called to alert their table was ready. I love when that happens. Although we've taken out orders from the Potrero location several times in the past this was the first time dining at either of the Chez Mamans. The Hayes location is on the corner of Gough and Hayes with several outdoor seating and across from a Hayes Valley staple, Absinthe. Good competition never hurts, no?The menu offers a mix of French, American, Italian and Mexican inspired options including some brunch fares (quite a lot you ask me) so it took me awhile to settle on a something. The baked Camembert was enticing but decided to skip it since we didn't want to push it. Service was quick and accommodating and we were in and out of there in under an hour. We actually skipped dessert (something we've been doing a lot of as of late) but lingered around a bit for some post-dinner coffee.I'm a fan.
Pretty good. I went for dinner. This place is worth a try. Make sure to try the beef tartare. I had the muscles which is good too. I plan on going back to try the other dishes.
What a cute little joint in beautiful Hayes Valley! I first loved that we didn't have to wait long after waiting for almost half hour in Brenda's and realizing that we would have to wait for another half or another hour we decided to head that to chez maman. There's lots of variety on the daily menu, so each of us had our piece of brunch and lunch even though the weekend brunch was not being offered, we came on a holiday weekend.The host of this particular restaurant was great, she was polite and quickly found us a table. Our server was French, refreshing, and a bit rushed or rushing us...hence not the five stars on this review, but maybe it was a cultural thing, yet refreshing.We came in around noon on Labor Day, my friends had mimosas, I had an IPA. I honestly think the mimosas were overpriced, but they indeed have a great wine selection at affordable prices. It was way to hot, and a beer was on my mind to beat the heat and luckily they have a great selection of light and strong beers.As for the food, I was very much wanting to order the Mac and cheese, I live for truffle mushrooms and cheese, but I assumed it would be too big of a portion so I decided to order one of their burgers since these are more often reviewed, well reviewed. I order the regular burger with an egg and goat cheese and fries on the side. The fries were just ok, but the burger was juicy and tasted pretty damn good! So much flavor, I loved it and the patty was cooked perfectly. The egg was also cooked to perfection and combined with the goat cheese was truly amazing. One of my friends ordered a crepe and the other one the croque Madame, the latest looked great from where I was seating, but I don't think they were too amazed by their meals. We ended up with some coffee, cappuccino. Overall was a great first time here. Great flavors, tons of variety on the menu, but feeling rushed was the one thing I would say Is due for improvement. Good news, it is Not as pricey as I expected, and it definitely is a small and cozy place great for dates or just to hang with close friends.
Pros:- croque madame (perfect egg, chewy bread, good mustardsauce)- escargot (tender and great first experience)- HUGE generous glass of wine- French onion soup (omg that cheese tho)- cute and reminiscent of a real French bistro- good for a dateCons:- salmon was a tad overcooked- long-ish wait (but there are a ton of cute shops to browse nearby)Bottom line: good food, good wine. It was cute and a good place if you want to impress someone. I'll be back for brunch.
Legitimately walked in here because I felt homesick and missed my mom and fittingly so, ate "chez maman" :)First things first, I was really hungry and wanted a staple sandwich so I had to go for the mergez but then I also glanced at the menu and saw escargot was an option so I asked if it would be too much food and I was told no. The escargot came pretty quick and it was the best surprise EVER!!! Why, you may ask? WEEEEELLLLLLL, let me tell you, it's been FOREVER since someone has served me escargot in the shell so I was extremely giddy. It gave me an even bigger appetite because that's how it's supposed to be served. Nothing turns me off more about eating escargot in the States quite like when it's deshelled...I don't even know how people get away with doing that..it's like if I served you de-shelled mussels..absurd!Anywho, Chez Maman doesn't do that and the escargot was on point. My mergez sandwich on the other hand took a good 25-30 minutes to come out and by the point that it did come I had gone through two baskets of bread (dipping them in the escargot's olive oil and garlic butter dip) so I was almost full.When the mergez arrived though, like any other North African, I was ALL over it. It was delicious and the cheese was amazing quality *.*I really loved the service too, the dudes that work here are all really funny :)
We got here at 12:20pm and had to wait in the rain for about 15 minutes for a table (in hindsight we should have gone across the street to Absynthe).I had been really craving the frisee salad, but the poached egg was over-done. I did point it out to the waiter as soon as he served it, and looking back either him or I should have suggested they re-do it, but I'm the kind of person who assumes the kitchen spits in your food if you send it back.. If the waiter had offered (rather than me asking), I would have felt way more comfortable with a new (better prepared) egg.The fries and the burger were outstanding - as was the french onion soup, but I came in for the salad and it was a disappointment.I miss Chez Papa downtown.
I went to the original (?) Chez Maman in Potrero to try their highly touted burger, and recall being a bit underwhelmed. I decided to give Maman another try at their Hayes location, and am so glad I did. The thing that was really knocked my socks off was the nicoise salad. I know. That sounds crazy. How could a salad knock my socks off?! Well, let me preface that with the fact that I RARELY order salads. It is usually very mediocre looking/tasting and generally, when I go out I prefer to order things I can't easily make at home. My office often caters what seems like the worst and most basic salads from Specialty's and Focaccia. That being said, how often are salads amazing?* Nicoise Salad ($16) - 5 STARS: This entree sized salad includes 3 large, fresh pieces of seared tuna, olives, peppers, green beans, potatoes, eggs & tomatoes. It was topped with olive tapenade, balsamic viniagrette, and a light drizzle of olive oil. So refreshing, and just perfect all around. Someone complained about the potatoes (mine were intact finger potatoes), the hard tomatoes (yes they are not very ripe), but having returned a second time the dressing was as delicious and refreshing as I remember. * Mariniere Mussels ($) - 3.5 STARS: I love mussels. The mariniere includes garlic, white wine, lemon juice & parsley. For some reason I expected tomatoes... (marinara?). It was clean, basic, and strongly tasted like white wine. My favorite spot for mussels is Anchor, and for a French mussel dish I prefer the flavors at La Trappe and the quantities/flavor at Baker Street. Maman is unique because the broth / soup is much cleaner and simpler. Make sure to order with fries!* Burger (~$11) - 3.5 STARS: apparently a common way to serve burgers is plain, and to charge for every single ingredient. I especially loved the bread and garlic spread, the seasoned lettuce and grilled onions. I wasn't a big fan of the add on fee for cheese bacon avocado mushrooms... The fries are a MUST!Overall, great food, great service, and a decent selection of reasonably priced wines.
Good restaurant - not great. They really hyped up the pork chop and I honestly thought it was a little tough and overcooked. That being said - the sauce was incredible.
I got a burger with goat cheese and it was good. They have also have good chicken burgers. Would recommend this place for people who want a gourmet burger.
What a pleasant lunch experience. It is a great place to relax and enjoy the soft touch of this unique restaurant on the street corner. There is a line for about half a hour seems, and the space is very much crowded but cozy nonetheless. -good for rest and relax with style-not good for a touch and go
Gluten-free diners beware. They say no gluten and nod their head and say oh yes yes gluten-free yes yes but then something had gluten I don't know if it was the potatoes or if it was on the salad or if it just was on the plate but I had the worst reaction ever-- diarrhea for 20 hours. Beware
I returned to Chez Maman West to see if they were having an off day for my previous meal. My friend and I were blown away.Escargot de Bourgogne: Especially fun because the escargots were HUGE and came in their giant shells which you usually do not see in restaurants.Beef Tartare: Absolute flavor adventure- beef tartare (raw beef), dijon mustard, capers, shallots, toast points, all topped in a darling quail egg. The dijon offered a great sharp kick to the beef, and the tiny quail egg gave a sophisticated feel to the palate. Les Moules Provencale with a side of french fries: These mussels were light, elegant and seasoned just right. There was no overwhelming fishy ocean flavor, rather a big bucket full of juicy goodness.Grilled Salmon: Took the cake as our favorite savory dish of the night. The salmon was so soft and buttery, perfectly pink inside and full of immense flavor. The roasted fingerling potatoes whisked us off to the ballpark, with happy memories of garlic fries. Cinnamon Pain Perdu: Slice of heaven to top it all off. If I were to liken it to anything, it would be an amazing pillowy french toast. This dessert was created with the perfect blend of sweet deliciousness and healthy fruits! Our dinner at Chez Maman West was an epic culinary adventure. The owner David was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and thoroughly involved with our dining experience. We felt very special from the moment we arrived, and our stomachs felt very special throughout the meal! We ended in a happy french food coma. I would highly recommend this authentic French pocket of San Francisco dining to anyone in the city!
I have been here for over 70 minutes waiting for food. I am so hungry. If you come here you better pre-game your appetite because you will never get served
Edit: Since writing this review, the owner contacted me to apologize and offered me a complementary meal. They also let me know they were understaffed that evening and that one of the kitchen staff cut themselves. That they responded and explained makes all the difference. I would have liked to know while I was there; I would have been more patient. I have to say, I am impressed and pleased, and am changing my original review. We will be going back.My friend really wanted to take a group of us there last night. We went and waited an hour, which didn't really bother us as there were six of us and the place is small. There is a beautiful little tiny park on Linden Lane a block away where we sat while we waited. They called our phone when they were ready for us! That was really convenient. We sat for a very long time until the waiter came to see if we wanted drinks. We had a very patient teenager and an older gentleman with us who were hungry and we were trying to be patient and enjoy the dining experience. It took a very long time for us to get our drinks, and a very long time to then get the appetizers. The appetizers were fantastic. We had french onion soup and mussels. I didn't try the escargot, though my future sister in law said it was fantastic. After the waiting for everything else, I was astounded at how long it took to get our main courses served. We waited at least 45 minutes from the time we finished the appetizers until the waiter brought our food. He never cleaned the table, so we sat, cramped, at a tiny table with six people with dishes covering the entire surface area the majority of the time we were there. We had to practically trip him to get more water, more napkins, etc. Three times they tried to bring us food we didn't order. They finally got all of our correct dishes on the table and I noticed that my endive salad was mostly endive, and not cheese and pecans. They were all in my sister in law's bowl. They must have mixed it all in one big dish but I thought they should have made sure the salad was evenly distributed. I didn't want to be a butt so I didn't say anything about the salad to her. She had all the pecans and cheese and yumminess in her bowl. :/ The main courses were mediocre and the choices were few. My sil said the crepe was overcooked but the inside was good. The whole experience would have been ok if the waiter had paid attention to our table instead of sauntering around. I lived in SF for ten years and was used to restaurants trying to compete with each other with good service and great food. This one has neither, and aside from being quaint, cozy and having french speaking waiters, it's got nothing.
The staff at Chez Maman is always friendly, efficient, and thoughtful. The menu is perfect French Bistro cuisine at affordable prices. There is something for everyone, including burgers with a classic French twist, brie on lovely bread; vegetarian options; and traditional moule frites.
Wow. Whoa. Wonderful. RIDONKULOUS!!!I've known about chez maman for a long, long time but for some reason, never went! Yesterday, my mom wanted a burger. So...I brought up trusty ole yelp and chez maman popped up as the first choice in the area. What the heck? Why not?We headed over to the gough location and I am so glad that we did. We got there early enough to pick up a table right away. The restaurant is small, cozy, a nice place for date night. The service was spectacular. We never had to call a server for anything. They were able to anticipate our needs. It was as if they could read our minds!!! Napkins? Check. Water? Check. To-go box? Check. Check? Check. The food. Oh, the food. SO GOOD. My mom is a tough critic...and she loved every single dish we ordered. Here's a breakdown:Appetizer: French onion soup - all 3 of our spoons were battling for the delicious cheese baked on top of the soup. This had to be the best French onion soup...EVER.Mom's entree: basic burger with guac, bacon, and cheddar served with fries and aioli. Yum.Wifey's entree: carne asada quesadilla. I didn't even get to try this bad boy because I was hoovering down my dish. Apparently, mom and wifey agreed it was good stuff.My dish: pork chop with brussel sprouts and some sort of mustard sauce. I asked the waiter ahead of time what his favorite entree was. This was his choice without any hesitation. Thank goodness for his choice. Amazing. So amazing that it was lick the plate clean material. You must try this!!!We had no room for dessert...and quite a bit to take home. The prices are extremely reasonable. Ours came out to about $55. My mom is already planning to come back here again...and so am I!!!
Quaint restaurant in one of the cutest neighborhoods! 30 minute wait around dinnertime but that just gave us time to explore the area so it wasn't too bad. However, after we got seated, no waiter came to take our order and they didn't notice until I waved my hand in the air for a while. I had to wave them down again in the middle of the meal to get a fork and again to get the check, so I took down one star for service.Beef Tartar: Very flavorful, but not really my taste.Mussels: Ordered the lemon garlic one and it was absolutely delicious! Was pleasantly surprised by how much they gave. Chicken and mashed potatoes: Usually I'm not a a fan of ordering roasted chicken when going out, but this definitely exceeded my expectations. The meat was juicy and tender and the potatoes were very flavorful. Not a big fan of the sauce though.Overall, a very good first dinner at Hayes Valley, only complaint was the service.
I'm docking Chez Maman for misleading hours and poor wait list etiquette. Firstly, if you're going to refuse to seat customers before 11pm, your opening hours should not state until 11pm. Secondly, if you have a wait list with phone numbers and will not be able to seat some of those on the list, you should call and inform them of this so they can find an alternate place to eat.
Review update: upon returning to Chez Maman at the owners invitation, my friend and I gave the salad Nicoise another try, and they hit a home run this time. The salad was topped with three nice size slices of seared tuna (each about 1/4" thick) and an olive wrapped in an anchovy. Underneath was a bowl full of the delicious ingredients (typical of a Nicoise) including hard boiled egg, fresh cooked green beans, olives, potatoes, red peppers, tomatoes, and lettuce with a savory dijon dressing. We tried the apple tartine for dessert, and were totally satisfied. Thank you Jocelyn and Lionel for your hospitality. We shall be back!
Being that I gave myself the experiment of testing the French onion soups and escargots or mussels at French restaurants that I would visit in SF, I ordered the French onion soup and les moules poulette.The French onion soup is THE BEST I've ever had not only in SF, but in in my entire life. I don't think any other restaurant's French onion soup can compare. The soup was hot in temperature. The size of the bread floating on the broth was large and not small, leaf-sized pieces. Cheese blanketed the entire top of the bowl, not mere slivers sprinkled on top. The broth was flavorful. The onions were generous. The Poulette mussels were swimming in a delicious broth of white wine and cream with shallots, bacon, and parsley sprinkled on top. The size and texture of the mussels were typical, nothing extraordinary. Thus, I think the selling point of the mussels here is simply the variety of broth flavors that they can be served in.But, again, my favorite aspect of this restaurant is its French onion soup. Hands down. Oh so good.(The restaurant is also walking distance to the SF War Memorial and Performing Arts Center.)
Pretty Great. Amazing staff and service. I definitely liked the food but, wasn't astonished or anything. You won't be disappointed I promise. Enjoy.
Came here last night with seven other girls. We had a great time here! At first we were a little annoyed because we put down our name around 4pm yet two hours later they still hadn't called us yet for our table. When we finally just went to the restaurant (we were nearby getting drinks) they apparently made noises about how they couldn't accommodate us. Their biggest table was only a 6 seater. So it was kind of annoying that they hadn't told us earlier. But then about 15-20 minutes later we were seated at the 6 person table. Don't ask me how, since I didn't take part in discussions with the manager - but I'm assuming one or a couple girls in our group complained loudly enough lol and trust me, since we're third year law students we have no problems with arguing with people hahahaThe six person table fit us fine since we're all petite girls. We ordered right away as we had been looking at the menu outside. We needed to eat quickly because we were watching Chicago at 8 at the Orpheum Theater.I had the mussels mariniere with pomme frites and the beef tartare. Both dishes were as great as any that I've had at other restaurants. I also got to try other girls' truffle mac and cheese and that was also delicious. But buyer beware - the truffle in that mac and cheese is strong. One of the girls didn't like it because she said the truffle was overpowering. I like truffle so I thought it was the yums haha oh and their pomme frites? They were def on point!So food was top of the line - didn't blow me out of the water but really solid. However, they get five stars for their excellent service. Topped off our waters consistently and best part? They were constantly bringing out new bowls to hold our mussel shells. After the third or fourth time they did that, I knew I was going to give them 5 stars as I've never had another place switch out the bowls like that and I've always struggled with where to put the shells haha So there you have it - solid food, awesome and attentive service, oh and the food came out so fast! We actually made it in time to our show!
The restaurant lived up to its expectations on everything we ordered - grilled salmon, mussels EXCEPT creme brle .. As a French place it was disappointing that they got this wrong - too eggy and soft caramel vs one you can crack.
3 stars and halfWe were going for something simple in the area. After trying fancy restaurants nearby, Tonight, we wanted to be cozy. We sat outside, ordered 2 glasses of red wine (8$ for cote du Rhone 2012). We share a salad for entree, a lot of greens and goat cheese. Perfect to start.Perhaps, the Bread served was a little dry...But for the rest: Sea Bass, came with 2 pieces on a bed d spinach and mango salsa (generous portion for 19$). I had french fries with my beef tartare, i should have take it as a main dish instead of only an entree.Service was given in french. It was cozy to be outside on a 30th of November (they had some heaters). we were fully satisfied with our experience.
Came here because I was craving carbonara. I'll keep this short. Their carbonara has an egg on top. YUM! First bite in my mouth was delicious! But after a few bites in, it started to taste tasteless. It wasn't salty enough for me. The dish was rather small. I was able to finish and was left slightly hungry. But I would come back here again to try out their other dishes.
Trs trs bien, Chez Maman "ouest"! Charming, thoroughly enjoyable DJEUNER ou DNER spot.Looks as if it's merely a corner deli, but this teeny tiny restaurant, I dare say, can play with the big boys and turn out Michelin-star cuisine.Mahi-mahi was done to perfection. Veal, blanketed in a garlicky white wine sauce, was excellent, save for one section/piece that was uncharacteristically chewy (for veal).Turn-around time from ordering to being served was refreshingly rapide. Perfect because we were famished. The small pieces of baguette didn't quite do the trick, but I was trying not to carb-load anyway.Oddly enough this is the venue for my first time trying Mexican Coca-Cola, served in a classic glass bottle. Couldn't taste anything markedly different from standard American Coke, except it's flatter and more sugary. Not that impressed.What did impress? Brasserie food, ambiance, and service. Monsieur Waiter was friendly, professional, non-intrusive.. just ideal. In such a small space, it's quite a dance the staff have to do, to serve everyone, without bumping into each other or customers much. All the more impressive.Limit your dining party to no more than four people, and you'll have a comfortable lovely time.Chez Maman-- c'est PETIT et ADMIRABLE.
Excellent service and incredible food! The best French food I have had outside of France.
Found this place from yelp. Came right before closing. Waitress very nice n help us with the order as well. Food is amazing.. We order n try many dishes and all taste superb .. Steak is out of the world, tender and juicy. Even though i ordered medium well.
Came here for the first time and I was so impress with all of the workers that checked up on us. Ordered a salmon burger with an egg and bacon. Once they came with the orders they forgot my egg and bacon. But they were so nice about it. We sat by the outdoor seating, you can watch people driving by and driving recklessly. Lmao!!! Goes to show you how bad the drivers are in San Francisco. Well, I am definitely coming here with my family and our family dog.
must get: pork chops - that apple cider mustard sauce was SO GOOD! the pork chop was pretty tender, not dry at all.my friend and i also ordered the mussels poulette (my friend REALLY enjoyed it, i thought it was okay), beef tartare (good flavor), and sea bass (my friend liked it). the complimentary bread was stale.
Steak tartar was delicious. Moules frites marinier was ok. The fries were reaaaallllly salty, but I like salt so I didn't mind. The pork chop was overcooked and dry. Next time I should try the burger and crepe!
We went here on a weekday evening and waited for about 20 minutes before we were seated. It was worth the wait. Highly recommend the mussels. The broth was delicious especially dipped with the bread. Would come back here to try another broth with the mussels.
I'm back from a 3 year Yelping hiatus to review Chez Maman, that's how great they are.It was a Tuesday night and my gal and I were starving. We'd had the brunch here before and were wanting to try the dinner menu, so we stopped on by. There was a list (not too long) and the hostess took my name and my phone number and let us know she'd call us when our table was ready. Cool. We decided to go across the street to Absinthe for a cocktail while we waited.So we're sipping our cocktails in Absinthe and get a call about 20 minutes later, letting us know that our table was ready. Sweet. We finish our cocktails and head across the street.Now, here's where it gets a little weird. Apparently our table wasn't actually ready, but a two top had been given their check and were presumed to be leaving shortly. As soon as they left, the table was ours.I can understand the logic of this policy of calling folks when a check is delivered, to give them time to finish up whatever they are doing and get to the restaurant. I mean, it shouldn't take THAT long to pay a check and leave, right?Right? (Can you guess where this is going?)So we waited. We waited. And waited. AND WAITED. By this time I was seriously starving, and the Vesper Martini from Absinthe was starting to wear off. Major hangriness (that's hungry + angry) happening. But what are you going to do?The hostess was extremely apologetic about the wait, and when we finally did get a seat (who knows if it was even the original table we were meant for, or if those folks are still sitting with the check on their table to this day) I mentioned with a bit of pointed irritation that they might want to revisit the timing of their calls for their waitlist (though in my defense I had not reached total hunger breakdown assholeness, and made sure to let the hostess know that I knew this wasn't her fault).Anyway, we sit down and the waiter is with us immediately, telling us that the hostess let him know about our frustrating wait and could he get us an appetizer on the house to start?Sure, great, thank you! The perfect response from the staff in that situation. We'd been looking at the escargot on the menu so decided to try that, along with two glasses of wine. He rushed back to put the order in, and then a few minutes later the bus boy came out with a salad. "Oh, we didn't order a salad," but the bus boy said "no, the waiter told me to bring this to you." MORE free food? Awesome! The salad had fried cheese on top of it, so duh, it was delicious.Our waiter came back out to take our entree order and we thanked him for the salad. "I figured you guys must be starving, and the escargot takes a while to prepare, so I wanted to get you some food as quickly as possible."We were totally floored by this! We thanked him in earnest again, and both ordered the Flat Iron Steak. Me with the fries, my gal subbed in the garlic mashed potatoes.The rest of the meal was a dream. The escargot was fantastic, smothered in garlic and butter and pesto I think. Delicious. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection--everything was just perfect (maybe this was because we were starving, but hey).We also had a chocolate mousse for dessert, and when the check came, we saw we'd only been charged for the two steaks and the two glasses of wine! Fantastic!We paid our check quickly (cough cough, let that be a lesson for you, check dawdling table!) and of course I left a grateful tip and thanked our waiter for going above and beyond to make a frustrating situation right for us (and more right than we probably deserved!).So while the food at Chez Maman is definitely superb, the service and care we got that night were second to none. We'll definitely be back, and I've been spreading the word about how awesome this place is since.Great job!
We have walked by this restaurant many times and finally decided to have dinner a couple weeks ago. It's a tiny place with limited seating, so it seems there's always a wait. For a Thursday, it wasn't too bad - they sat us at the bar. There's beer and wine selection is average; I started with a glass of Malbec, my friend with a Belgian beer I like. Having worked in fine dining, I was a little disappointed to note that my wine was definitely old/had gone bad. I feel that not many people know the smell of spoilt wine, so I just didn't drink it and had a beer instead. Just FYI, if the red wine smells like an old, musty library of books, then it has gone bad. We had the beef tartare with the quail egg on top. It was good, but the dressing oddly reminded me of macaroni salad (too sweet) which I didn't really like as a flavor. I had the burger with brie, caramelized onions and mushrooms. I asked for medium rare and got medium well (too dry for me), also disappointing, though the flavors were good. The fries were nicely seasoned and crispy and the side salad was light and refreshing. We also got the salmon fillet with roast vegetables. The portion looked like one bite compared to my burger. My friend ended up helping me because he wasn't full from his plate. The bartender/serve was pleasant and the ambiance was nice and cozy. A number of inconsistencies and hiccups stopped our experience from being amazing, but it was still nice and I'm sure if those things are addressed (maybe they are better when they aren't so busy/stressed? though that shouldn't really be an excuse)....it will be oh so delicious and wonderful. The potential is definitely there. I am a big fan of cheesy goodness, and would like to go back to try a croque monsieur that looked good, too.
I need to wear a baby beret and squeeze my teeny-tiny concertina. I've been to the original Chez Maman at least six times but only ate there twice if you know what I mean. That place is tiny with a small 't' - only ten counter stools, a couple of tables, and one often very long, rather tattered sign-up sheet on a lonely clipboard. I really like it still, but the prospect of waiting for a counter seat on a chilly evening in Potrero Hill started to lose its appeal after my fourth failed attempt. That's why I was happy to see owner Jocelyn Bulow open a second location in the more convenient setting of Hayes Valley at the corner of Hayes and Gough right across from Absinthe.Alas, the corner location where Essencia was is also a tight fit, not as tiny but a compact fit for such a popular bistro. In fact, it's extremely rare to see an open seat around the dinner hour, so I seized the moment late last Saturday afternoon and parked myself at the end seat of the counter at 4:30PM. Too early for dinner? Well, you should talk to my dad, the king of the early-bird specials. I was determined to try it while the opportunity was there. Who cares that I heard the constant crash of silverware in my ear? My order was predictable. Of course, I got the $11 Basic Burger and added a couple of $1.50 extras, sauted mushrooms and a fried egg. It's a specialty of the house, and you can just tell.Add the tomato slices, mixed green and ramekin of aioli, and you have quite a feast between two halves of a grilled ciabatta bun (see photo). The medium-rare hamburger itself is quite flavorful since it contains shallots and herbs, which strikes me as quite a Gallic touch. Somehow a side salad wasn't going to do it for me. No, I needed the frites which were plentiful and delicious - small, crisp, salted and not too greasy but still greasy enough to feel guilty about them. Oh, did I forget to mention the complimentary basket of thick baguette slices with a huge chunks of farm-fresh butter you can spread with zeal and excess? It's quite a carb overload, but ah, the French don't care, they don't have to.FOOD - 4 stars...the French bistro-style burger translates well in any languageAMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...cozy and bustling just as you would expect on a Paris boulevardSERVICE - 3 stars...not so friendly...ah, the FrenchTOTAL - 4 stars...but who cares?...the burger is worth tolerating a snippy attitude
Loved our meal here on our most recent SF trip. Cute, cozy little French bistro. We had the burger, white wine/ garlic mussels, fries and apple crepe and all were AMAZING! Had a nice red Bordeaux, and service was super attentive also. For 2 meals, 2 drinks and desert for $60ish in SF I thought this was a steal and one of my favorite meals all weekend. Would return on a future SF trip!
Went for dinner after the opera to find one of my new favorite restaurants in San Francisco.We had the Flat iron steak and the salmon, both were delicious.
Got the basic burger with brie, eggs, and mushroom. The burger is placed in a pocket bun, the presentation was nice for a burger. My waiter Justin was very helpful.
Went there several times for dinner and it's always a pleasure! The staff is very nice, the wine was very good and the food was yummy and the prices are quite cheap!
I love this place!Great food--try the eggs Benedict and the burger. And the prices are reasonable for what you get. This little place reminds me of the cafe I frequented near the Opera House in Paris.Of the two French bistros I've been to in the area, I would recommend Chez Maman hands down over the Butler and the Chef--Chez Maman has better food, more courteous customer service, and far lower prices.
Great food ! Friendly staff. Excellent service ! I don't mind wait for 30mins it's totally worth it !
The smoked salmon crepe is to die for ! Never had a bad meal !!!! The food is amazing the wine is delicious and the ambiance is so busy French cafe I love it ! You will find me here having a food-gasm
Eh it was okay...the wait was kinda ridiculous and if I didn't come with people and was pretend trying to be nice I woulda bounced. You know what I'm saying..You know those foods u only order at restaurants cause ur too scared to attempt to cook them at home? Snails are one of those..u never want a bad snail...the ones here were kinda a let down but easily remedied with more seasoning and garlic.I ordered the clams which were good...the only thing I really liked. I preferred the Thai style ones.Parking is atrocious but at least there's Smitten ice cream nearby for dessert :)
I would rate Chez Maman up there with the restaurants we've liked in Paris. Casual brasserie-yet-excellent food, great staff, very nice wine and cider selection. As you've read in other reviews, the moules are the way to go. The moules mariniere are delicious, and be ready to order extra bread to dip into the broth at the bottom. Add a bottle of wine or cider, and you are set. The steak frites were top-notch as well... We are picky, but are always very pleased. My frise salad was good also... Not sure you can go wrong here. We have liked the Croque Madame as well. Great food, lovely staff, outdoor or bar seating... I think it's appropriate for a brunch, a date, just fun with friends... you'll love it. I am planning my next visit now!
Love this place. Its my favorite lunch spot in my neighborhood. The fries and aoili, goat cheese salad, and baked Camembert with garlic are all to die for. LOVE IT. Delicious fries and awesome service. Our waiter checked in with us often and had a great sense of humor.We also had the burger, which was really good, my girl friend had the crepe complete soooo good .Can't wait to go back one of the best place in hayes valley....
Simply the best french restaurant. The food is classic with an american twist, well exectuted and the staff is always ofering good service!You can eat and drink really well for a affordable bill. Feels like home and it's always a pleasure to go there.Top choices: baked camembert, les moules, le steak frittes, and the carbonara, obviously!
Chez Maman is the perfect place for a first date.There's a dim lighting, a charming table that allows you to play a little footsie under the table, and the food is incredible without being super expensive.I came here with a friend, and Chez Maman was still romantically charming. I ordered the Pork Chop, with brussels sprouts & apple cider mustard sauce, and I savored every single bite. It was one of the best pork chops I've ever had. My friend had the chicken, and I've never seen her eat so fast in my life, and I've known her for a good number of years now.For dessert, we ordered nutella crepes, and they were perfect, the way nutella crepes always are.Chez Maman is a very charming, delicious place to take a good friend or a new significant other.
Love Chez Mamam! Everything I have ever eaten here has been spot on. I don't think you can go wrong with anything but I will admit I have not tried most of their bigger menu dinner items. Starters, salads, lighter menu items are all consistent and good. The wait is usually never an issue for me but I always visit on weekdays.
I'll keep this to the point:Scene- Saturday night, 10pm- Cozy, lively and full of patrons- Servers are efficient Food- generous pours of wine- food overall was so-so- burger was cooked as requested to medium rare and was well seasoned- caramelized onions were served w/ the burger. Straight out of the fridge cold- the burger also came with a small handful of end of day, leftover nubbin fries (like the 1" nibs you find at the bottom of a cone of fries). Personally it's a pet peeve of mine to be served fries like these. Speaks to quality control- crepe had a bitter aftertaste & ham inside wasn't the best quality- fried eggs that's came on the crepe and the burger were cooked perfectly. Whites completely firm, yolk warm and runnyI'd go back at least one more time to try different dishes
I have been going to Chez Mamam since the small place in Potrero Hills. Boy those were the old days. The restaurant has been going progressively downhill since those days. I went to the Chez Maman West for breakfast today. I am saddened to say, I was very disappointed.  No need to bore everyone with the details. The only thing I will say was the Eggs Benedict was terrible. The soup, fries and one of the eggs benedict came out cold or slight warm.
Excellent food and service. Try the mussels, they're delicious. Good for brunch, this was the first brunch place in SF where I didn't have to wait in line and the food was good. Im not sure if I was lucky that day or if there's never a line.
Very small but cute restaurant. Had to wait about 15 minutes or so w/ no reservations late Fri night. Everyone who works here (aside from the busboy) speaks French, so I felt like this was more authentic than other French restaurants I've been to. :P We shared a few bites to eat since we were not too hungry. We sat at the bar, so everything was served promptly. The man who was working the bar that night noticed when we were done with our appetizer and grabbed our main dish (steak) so it was timed perfectly.  Nice attention to detail. We ordered:-French Onion Soup ($6) - REALLY good. Thick and flavorful with a thick layer of gooey cheese on top.-Beef Tartare ($8) - We got the half order, which was more than enough for two. I was a bit worried about this as I don't generally eat raw beef, but it was delicious. It had a tangy flavor and was very tender.-Flat Iron Steak w/ Frites ($21)- Steak was somewhat tender and a bit small - not the best. However, I did like the Peppercorn sauce on the side. Fries were shoestring but not was crisp as I would have liked.Overall, I was pleased with our meal. For me the highlights were the pre-main course meal. Delicious!
Excellent, kind service. Great ambiance. Fantastic, delicious food... It couldn't have been better.
Very crowded even very early (5pm on a Saturday). We had to wait for at least 45 minutes for a table (at 5 pm!), when we were told the wait was 30 min. Luckily there are a few bars right around that area, so you can grab a drink while you wait. I guess I was expecting a mind-blowing experience--a hyped restaurant hard to find a table in--but honestly it's just a really small place with a strangely high demand. I had a pork chop, which was good. Not fantastic, but good and the Brussels sprouts were cooked very well. Again, not the best or even exactly noteworthy. For the price and the wait, I wanted much more.
Was craving moules frites (mussels with french fries) and decided on Chez Maman (plus it was on my list to try) for their pretty standard moules frites (not ah-mazing and not horrible, just in-between). My friend also ordered the mac and cheese, which was a bit disappointing. The cheese could've been a bit stronger, but for some reason, with the blend of cheeses that they used, the dish came out a bit bland. I'd have to say though, the wine that they served us were definitely hearty and much appreciated pours!
I'm so happy that Chez Maman opened another location. The one in Potrero Hill is great, but small. This new store is bigger and, if you can believe it, even more busy. The food is great and the service fantastic.In my opinion, Chez Maman serves some of the best burgers in the city, along with some of the best fries. This alone makes this a place you want to visit. The mussels are also really great, and the escargot here are fabulous. The Hayes Valley location is right next to the Symphony and Opera and so many people come here before a show. So expect things to be really busy until about 7:30 on a show night.
FINALLY! This was on my Yelp bookmarks forevah, and I finally got to check it out.The French name threw me off; I expected to be bouzhy and a little pretentious. Little did I know until I walked in the door that it totally has the feel of a San Francisco diner... but with French flair. Awesome!The burger was, true to promise, pretty much the best one I've had in San Francisco. Super Duper is damned close, I'd almost have to do the two back-to-back and see how that plays out, really. But wow, it was tasty. The croque madame was also lovely, and fun to say.I want to check out the other locations just to be thorough, but this place has that "I want to take my out-of-town guests" feel to it, for sure!
Exquisite food. Came with my mom cause we were staying two doors down at the Hayes Valley Inn and I was worried because all the reviews talked about terrible service!! We sat at the bar with David and received amazing hospitality. He was very informative and patient even though he was busy he didn't make us feel as if we were bothering him. He gave us great suggestions, all of which we took because he was definitely hitting the nail on all the tasty choices. Over all I'm so glad we visited. We are definitely delighted and will come again. Make sure to try the mussels!!!
This place has great food that reminds me of France. The mussels are lovely and the salads are great sides. Good wine. Good dessert. Good espresso. What's left to ask for?
Cute & cozy French brunch spot in Hayes Valley. You absolutely must order the "Les Moules - Poulette". If you are craving another entree, order this as a side. Seriously delicious mussels with shallots, BACON, white wine, cream & parsley. Order this with fries and ask for extra bread so you can dip both in the sauce!! I love heavy breakfast food and usually order the Flat Iron Steak for brunch. I've tried the Quiche Lorraine which was also decent. But seriously, go here for the amazing mussels! Service has been good each time I've been here but not necessarily outstanding. Last time, they took away my sister's half finished veggie burger without asking :(. We had wanted to take it home for leftovers. I guess they were a bit too over-eager to clear our tables, though we were dining at the tail-end of brunch... Parking is painful in Hayes Valley and the wait is a bit ridiculous if you don't come here on an off hour. You can put your name down and go browse the nearby shops but I believe your entire party must be present for you to get seated.
Cute French restaurant that still serves traditional American food alongside French dishes. Our party started with the fresh guacamole appetizer, which we loved because there were chunks of avocado. The chips were on the harder/stale side, so I'd recommend serving crispy chips. We ordered the pork chop with Brussels sprouts, and two basic burgers with crispy fries. The pork chop was tender and lightly sauced, which made each bite perfect and satisfying. The beef burgers were served on bread that was like an English muffin. I liked the wholesome taste of substantial bread and just enough tender beef in every bite. Great place to catch up with friends or to enjoy a night with your date. I highly recommend the guacamole and pork chops.
Bar tender is very rude!! We were like invisible to them!! I will not come here again.
The other location is way better. I guess if you have to travel a little farther then the service is much better.I have been to this location at least 3 times. Me personally....I'd rather eat somewhere else unless I really wanted mussels. They have a fantastic set with wine/tomato. Great pairing with wine.Most recent visit:-- I read the review JA posted 5/26 and thought it was a little odd as I had never had that experience in SF. It totally happened to our table though! I was shocked! 4 people for brunch. We got there as the doors opened as I know there can be a wait for dinner. The place wasn't pact yet so I figured we were all good. Orders: Me -- Croque Madame, I had brunch at the other location and saw this so I had to try it. It was wonderfully rich and heartattack filled, but there should have been 2 slices of bread but 1 was massacred in the cooking I guess as it resembled the loaf of bread that gets crushed in a grocery bag. The salad that came with it tasted like spoiled lettuce. Bummer. I will likely not come back to this location. My GF and her mom -- They both got the mushroom crepe and loved it. There were no complaints from them.My GF's Dad -- Poor guy. He was so excited as he loved his last visit here. He got the 3 egg Omelette with veggies. The 3 of us got our dishes. His was delayed and 5 minutes later a small plate with 2 sausages was delivered.....As that doesn't resemble an omelette or what he ordered he asked the guy to bring the 3 egg omelette he ordered. There was an issue with the languages between the 2. Our server came and asked what was wrong. Basically the server wasn't understanding at all either. "What do you want"...."3 Egg Omelette....." "So scrambled?" "No...." "Ok so scrambled" In the end he got a 2 Egg Omelette with the 2 sausages sitting on top. Our server didn't want to use a pencil or pen......We have had to wait for a table, received good and terrible service, had food dumped in our drinks (got a new drink comped). Its a hit or miss place, but with that in mind and a ton of other places to go.....I'd go to Dobb's next door.
A late night meal could hardly have been more perfectly prepared- starting with baked Camembert with toast points, entrees ranging from burgers on ciabatta rolls to ratatouille crepes- topped off with Nutella banana crepe and some creme brle that was fantastic! Stop in and enjoy the French speaking employees who are efficient and courteous. We will be back!
Grabbed a couple of veggie burgers from Chez Maman, w/ plans to sneak them into a movie.....Thankfully the restaurant was in an in between period & only had maybe half of their tables taken - which meant minimal wait for our goodies. The bartenders were super nice & brought us out water & hand-walked over everything when it would have been just as easy to slide it across the bar.....extra-special treatment!The Mr chose avocado & Swiss for his burger & I chose Roquefort & an egg as my paringsThese burgers were homemade & huge. We saw corn & maybe shredded carrot but other than that, no clue what their secret mix is....but it was a darn fine tasty mix - Way too big to eat w/ our hands - especially in a dark theater.....plus, they were super-crumbly which would have made it impossible anyway. These are knife & fork burgers for sureSo nibbled on the fries & saved the burgers for laterThe fries were thinly cut & soft - just a bit of salt......perfect for snacking. It was paired w/ this creamy garlic-parmesan aioli kind of sauceWhen we got home, those burgers heated up fantastically & were just as tasty as our first bites when they were served! Huge fans!
As a vegetarian, these were my cheesy picks: Baked Camembertwith roasted garlic and toast points, fettuccinecreamy white wine sauce & mushrooms, Ratatouille, and the mix salad. Everything was cheesy, mostly white, and tasty. I like the closely spaced tables, tiny candles, and cozy atmosphere. The Malbec wine, by the glass, was also good. About 20' wait on a Sunday evening, and they will call you when a table is ready. That's always nice when they call you (on your phone).
We were lucky enough to find 3 seats at the bar during dinner time here. It was very busy, not hard for such a small restaurant. The bartender was very friendly and gave us great service.The food we ordered that wasn't French, wasn't awesome. But the food we ordered that was French or had cheese in it, was incredible. I had the Savoyarde crepe. It was delicious, filled with potatoes prosciutto, and cheese. My friend had their Mac and Cheese. It had a very unique, but tasty mix of smokey cheeses with the perfect toasty crunch. We ended up talking with some friendly French locals, which made our dining experience even more enjoyable. Great place for locals and visitors passing through.
** We got food poisoning... see below Ate at Chez Maman West last night. My partner and I were really craving good burgers and we read good reviews for this place. I got the burger with avocado and goat cheese (cooked medium) and my partner got a burger with avocado and bacon (cooked medium-rare, which was what the waiter suggested). We also got the mixed green salad with pears. The greens salad with pear was okay. My partner liked it more than I did. Very basic, very simply, very little flavor.The burgers were "fine", meaning they were "good enough." We both felt the need to put a lot of salt on the burgers to get any flavor. Also, a major pet peeve of mine... the burger was smaller than the bun. The goat cheese was a mistake (I thought it might be, but I wanted to take a chance) and the bacon was pretty much all fat.At the end of the meal we agreed that the meal was "3 stars" - "Meh, it's okay." HOWEVER, my partner woke up at 4:30 AM projectile vomiting, which continued for nearly 4 hours. He was sick until about 5:30 PM with nausea and classic food poisoning symptoms. I was also quite nauseous, but not to the same extent. I ate less and my burger was cooked a bit more, so that's what we're attributing the difference in sickness to. We emailed the restaurant this morning to inform them that the beef was bad, but we didn't hear back. I called this evening and spoke with someone who said the manager wasn't available. There was no offer to comp the meal and he challenged whether the food poisoning was indeed due to the meal I ate there. That was disappointing. Between the food poisoning and the manager's lack of response the 3-stars was dropped to 2-stars.
Very nice place. Staff was very kind and was able to accommodate seating our large group. Had the mac and cheese here for a late night dinner. It was super super rich, but absolutely delicious. Definitely recommend it, but it's super hard to eat all of it in one sitting as it is so rich. Very very good. I would come back and I'm glad it's open late.
We've been here a few times when we stay in the Hayes Valley area.  It's a very popular place and once you've eaten here you will understand why that is. Weekends are crowded with a line out the door. That isn't saying much because this little restaurant doesn't accommodate very many. There's a counter and then approximately ten to twelve tables inside. There are tables outside as well. They serve breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner and so they stay open all day long.This time we went for an early dinner because of a concert at Davies Symphony Hall. It was 5 PM and we were the first dinner customers. Good decision!  The wine list is pretty extensive---mostly French of course and I opted for a Cotes Du Rhone. Good choice! For a first course, my husband had carrot soup and I chose a mixed green salad with fresh pears. Both were excellent! We split steak frites---a flat iron steak done medium rare and fries. Delicious, good flavor, and ample for both of us. Dessert was crepes Suzette----complete with Cointreau flambe. Can't get any better than that! We're hooked! We'll be back!
attentive service!buttery escargot and garlicly mussels! the escargot fork wouldve worked better if it was a 2 tines version. chez maman used the 3 tines version. but this is me being picky.the fries for the mussels could use some work. the fries were arranged onto their service cup right after frying. this will cause the fries to turn soggy quickly due to the fries own hot steam.the Croque Madame panini was cheesy and crispy. the egg was a great topper. i could pass on the house salad tho.my friend had the sea bass. it was grilled well and the mango salad that came with the entree was a nice flavor contrast.
Everything we had was average! The tartar, the mussels, the hachis and the creme brle. Not bad but average...If you have already experienced French brasserie you might en up disappointed!
great mussels with french fries, big portion for reasonable price, great service! worth to visit and eat :)
The 3 of us started with the beef tartar, French onion soup, and escargot. I don't eat tartar but the onion soup was the perfect combination of sherry and beef broth and the cheese on top killer. The escargot were hot and delicious. After eating each one I dumped the green deliciousness reminder of the shell on a piece of bread. Wow! This was all going down with a bottle of Sancerre for $39. Main meals were the burger with Roquefort cheese, mussels, and the frise salad and a side of fries. Clearly the stars were the appetizers. The burger was delicious although I ordered it medium, it came medium rare. It was still good but I would have wanted it cooked a little more. My friend loved it as is. The mussels mariniere (garlic white wine lemon juice and parsley) were average and he wished he had been more adventurous. The frise salad contained an egg on top that was a bit overdone- oh so disappointing . If half stars were possible, I'd do 3.5The service was perfect.
Came for brunch with my 4 year old in tow, they were super kid friendly. This is straight forward french food, french onion soup was spot on as well as my sons sweet crepe. The bread was amazing, wish I had the escargot will get it next time. Good sized servings I was full after the soup will def be back for more!
I highly recommend this place because it's truly amazing,every dish I have ordered so far has been incredibly delicious!!! I'm usually not a big fan of French onion soup but the one served here is to die for. The ratatouille is another great hit I'm my book. The menu is diverse in French cuisine and each item is mouth watering with just its written descriptions!!
This has been a favorite spot since I moved into Hayes Valley a few years ago. Yummy French comfort food, nice ambience and friendly staff. Mousse the bartender is very personable and always takes good care of us. He along with the rest of the staff makes it a great visit every time we come.
This has long been my wife's favorite place because of the burger for years. We hadn't been to the "new" location so we tried it out when my parents were in town. It was delicious as I remember. I started with the onion soup which had so much cheese it was decadent. Then of course we all had the burger (how could you not) and we all devoured them.Love, love this place!
You must try the escargot! It is my favorite. The staff is friendly and always ready to accommodate. The French onion soup and warm, goat-cheese salad are excellent. I live close by and frequent often. Have never been disappointed. Thank you, Chez Maman. :)
The french soup - A OKThe Quiche Lorraine though.................Yay! I am definitely a fan!Service is pretty good...sometimes a little awkward as they do hover a litttttle bit.Good prices and comfortable seating :)try the quiche everyone!!!!!
i went to the one in potrero about 10 yrs ago and really liked it. i like the one in hayes, b/c on a sunny day, you can sit outside. there is some construction going on around the restaurant now, so sitting inside is probably more ideal.i had the salmon sandwich w/ salad and a mimosa and i felt a bit like i was on vacation and eating at a french bistro. sitting at the bar is fun.
Oh, Chez Maman, how tasty and fresh you are. And how well-priced for those of us who cannot afford the four-$ kind of places. Love!Everything we had, including the burger and brunchtime cocottes were well-portioned and delicious. While not exactly best burgers in town as some have proclaimed, but pretty well done. Fries were decent, but the main attraction is the bread. Soft bread was buttery and hard bread was perfect. Lastly, the vibe was on point. Best served with alcohol to top off a great experience.
Welcome Baby #6 of the Chez Maman Pedigree! Brought to you by the people of Chez Papa Bistrot, Chez Papa Resto, Gamine and Papito, the second Chez Maman (West) was born on Monday, 7.16.12 at 5:30 PM in Hayes Valley. Located next to Dobbs Ferry (how is this place still open?) and across from Absinthe, it's sure to give both of them a run for their money.The French Provenal menu mirrors their Chez Maman location in Potrero Hill, however, they've added organic Mexican bistro fare offerings from the Papito menu. Everything is affordably priced at $6-$19. Susy C. and I came to Chez Maman for dinner on opening day on Monday. This location is larger than their original location with tight table seating for about 24 people and bar seating for about 6 people. Good for parties of 2-4 only. We both started with a bowl of their French Onion Soup ($6) which was rich and robust with a delightful sweet nuance from the caramelized onions. It wasn't as cheesy as the one at the original location (no ooeey gooey cheese overflowing around the edges) and some of the toasted baguette slices were brunt but I'll chalk that up to opening day jitters. yelp.com/biz_photos/Uu6Z We then shared a half order of the Steak Tartare ($8) which was fantastic. The soft beefy morsels had a savory creamy sweetness with a zing from the Worcestershire sauce, mustard, capers, and egg yolk. yelp.com/biz_photos/Uu6ZAlthough Chez Maman is best known for their mouth-watering burgers and savory crepes, I was trying to be mindful of my carb intake and didn't want to look like a carbphobic douche ordering a burger without a bun, so I went with the Moules Poulette ($14) for my main. Arriving in a rustic iron pot, the sweet and tender mussels were in a wading pool of creamy white wine broth with shallots and parsley for a pop of freshness. There was a generous amount of bacon bits which gave an extra layer of richness. yelp.com/biz_photos/Uu6ZService was good considering it was their first day but was missing the warmth I've experienced at their original location. Food took a bit longer than anticipated to arrive though. I'm hoping they'll iron out this kink soon as I would like to return for lunch since it's near my office. Having dined at all of their restaurants except for Papito (links to my reviews below), I have to say, the original Chez Maman in Potrero Hill is STILL my favorite. Chez Maman (Potrero Hill): yelp.com/biz/chez-maman-Chez Papa Bistrot: yelp.com/biz/chez-papa-bChez Papa Resto: yelp.com/biz/chez-papa-rGamine: yelp.com/biz/gamine-san-First Borns Rock!
PERFECTION. I have been waiting since last week ever so eagerly!! The original Chez Maman is one of my SF favorites and hands down, my favorite burger. Was this location just as great? Yes. Will I be a regular? I work nearby so yes. If you're a Chez Maman burger noob, I'll do you a favor. Order the basic burger medium rare with the additions of brie and bacon. When they ask if you want salad or frites, get the frites. Don't bother with ketchup. Ask for extra aioli to dip your fries in. You're welcome, you can send me a thank you compliment later.Dear Staff of Chez Maman West, I had a terrible meal on Sunday 07/15/2012. Some wannabe is still serving Foie and he started doing so on Bastille day. He did Foie wrong and on behalf of ashamed American foodies everywhere, I apologize. I'm so sorry. Also, thank you for making up for that hideous meal. It was seriously the worst meal I have had of 2012. Tonight you made my day. French onion soup was perfect and not overly salty. Still cheesy and savory, just what a recovering sickly person needs on a typical San Franciscan summer night (you know, cold and drizzly). Your beef tartare at this location is just as good as the other. Thank you for not using too much Dijon mustard. I didn't get to eat much of my savoyarde crepe because I was getting full already!! However the 2 bites I did have we're decadent. Rich creamy Brie and salty prosciutto. Oh man. I had to have been French in a past life, no? Can I also just say the the moules poulette made the meal? You guys definitely know how to make 2 ladies who are avoiding carbs swoon for bread to hungrily sop up the white wine cream sauce. Mussels were cooked perfectly, not a single one was tough and rubbery but seriously that sauce... that sauce...You guys will should expect me to pop in for lunch and expect me often, merci! If you'll excuse me I must proceed to lay in food coma as this is the most food I have consumed in 24 hours. Bonne nuit. P.S. if I beat you to FTR I'm sorry Cher lol
Atmosphere was good. The restaurant was small so I felt a little cramped. My food was half excellent half just okay. The wine was a little pricey, but it is in a very popular area. Overall, I wouldn't make plans to return, but wouldn't mind stopping by again.
Seriously some awesome food at this place! There will most likely be a wait at this place, but my friends and I lucked out due to a cancellation and got seated withing 5min. (FYI: your whole party needs to be there in order for them to seat you). This was my first time trying beef tartare and it was delicious! I was surprised that I got myself to eat it, but I'm glad I did. Nice appetizer to share. I ordered the pork chop, which was phenomenal. Juicy and tender! And the sauce they use went nicely with the pork. I was a little iffy at first because they use a mustard sauce, and I'm not a fan of mustard at all, but you couldn't taste it. I was happy.My friend ordered the truffle mac and cheese. This dish was also delicious! Great flavor and the truffle oil really comes out in this dish. I also took a bite of my friends smoked salmon crepe. This one was a little too salty and didn't have much of an impression on any of us. Not that it was bad, but the other dishes that I've mentioned so far are far more better.Lastly, my friend ordered the burger, which I did not try. But she loved it.  I always feel like french food is usually pricey. But I must say, for french food, this place is not too expensive.
I wasn't in the mood to travel all the way to France to eat, because I didn't want to deal with the whole getting on a plane thing. We popped-in on a whim.Chez Maman provided us with a transcendental experience with its cozy atmosphere, mouth-watering selection of food and polite and prompt service. The service even speaks English with a French accent! Very fancy pants!The portions and pricing are Goldilocks (not too much, not too little, but, just right)! Memories of goat-cheese salads, mussels, shrimp tacos (yes, they are on the menu too) still roam through my mind like a herd of buffalo. And don't forget the frites! Ooooh laaa laaa!But of course the venue is small, it wouldn't be European-enough if it were as big as a battle ship! Tip: if you sit at the bar (which is not open seating) like we did, the wait time dramatically decreases. There is seating outside for those of you who like people-watching.The barman was friendly, helpful and French. He helped us navigate through the various menu selections with ease. Overall, a fantastic experience. Will definitely return.
The place is really small and over-crowded with tables - and I mean a waiter would bump into me every 2 minutes! Staff was nice and friendly but unprofessional. They spilled oil on my husband's shirt when they were clearing the table!Food-wise, really meh .. we got a panini which was good, and an eggs florentine which was not good at all. Bread was cold and bland.Overall, won't go there again ... amazed by the good reviews. I would probably rate 3 if it weren't for the awful stomach sickness I got afterwards!
I really wanted to like this place since I love French food. I ordered a Nioise salad, it was good but nothing too memorable. The service was great and I maybe inclined to go back there but I might try something different.
My go-to brunch in Hayes Valley. I really enjoy their Croque Madame and the mussels are always excellent and fresh. The wine is a good value and makes every meal better.
Came here for the first time with my friend and I came away impressed. As not a huge fan of French food, I didn't come with high expectations. As I took my first steps into this restaurant, my impress-o-meter gradually shot up. We grabbed two seats at the bar on a Thursday morning and were greeted with smiles and a basket of bread. After debating our choices for a while, we ordered the Beef Tartar and two salads.Our beef tartar came first with egg yolk on top. It was simply scrumptious (my friend had to coax me to try it lol). For some reason our salads took a while to arrive. Our waiter apologized and told us our drinks were on the house. THX CHEZ MAMAN WEST!Attentive staff, great ambience and great french food. You simply can't go wrong coming here if you want a light lunch while people watching at the same time.
My favorite restaurant in the City. I usually order their Moules Poulette (Mussels) along with their Burger. Also, my girlfriend and I really enjoy their Baked Camembert appetizer, which is a dish where you butter up a slice of french bread with their roasted garlic. Even with ordering all that, it comes down to less than $50. In fact, I'd say the only con about Chez is that it's really small. But besides that, Chez is a great place to take a date, with the added bonus that Smitten, the Nitrogen Ice Cream wonder, is only a few blocks away.
We've been here a couple of times - as a European girl I think it's the only place worth tipping in SF. Besides that - the food is great and authentic, prices are good and the vibe really nice.
I have been wanting to try this place after my aunt was raving about the mussels. We went around 9 on a Wednesday night so there was no wait and we were seated right away. After scanning the menu, my bf and I decided we would do a bunch of apps rather than entrees. of course we ordered the mussels (marintane one) with fries, escargot, baked camebert, and Chacuterie plate. Don't waste your money and calories on the fries, just ask for more bread. The fries were cold and soggy and not worth it. The mussels were fantastic though and the broth in it is very tasty alone or soak it up with some bread. I defintely would have been good with 2 orders of those for the whole meal! Escargot is a small portion but very rich and oily. The taste is good though and taset like a pesto clam.Baked Camebert you have to be quick and eat it while it is hot! Or else it will get hard and is not as tasty and harder to scoop onto the bread. Charcuterie plate was your typical charcuterie plate, tasty but nothing special. We both said we would eat at this place again though!
Love this cute little place! I've come here for both brunch and dinners. The bar seating is fun and relaxed. The mussels are always a hit with my crew. The service is friendly and not annoying. Definitely recommend this place for small groups.
We stayed in Hayes Valley for two nights last week, ditched the car and roamed the valley on foot. On our first night we had drinks and appetizers around the neighborhood before settling in late at Chez Maman's bar. We were treated like family and the warmth was sincere and appreciated. I had the salmon and my wife had the chicken. Next night we ditched a reservation and returned to Chez Maman (and saw two other couples we'd seen the night before). Again we were greeted with hugs at the door (seriously!) I had the burger and my wife had the specialty--mussels. Two nights in one of the great food cities of the world and we ate at the same place twice? Unheard of, yes? Not with Chez Maman West. Check it out, you won't be sorry. Incredible value, quality and customer service. We'd go back in a heartbeat.
Consistent high quality food with a very friendly staff. One of the best places in Hayes Valley.
Great atmosphere, very cozy and works well for a casual date. I had the French onion soup, it was absolutely wonderful. Go ahead and start off your meal with it at this place. However, the salmon panini was not great. The capers were very overpowering and I could not taste the combination of salmon and onion at all. Service was good, food just decent.
It was at Chez Maman that I had my first meal in San Fran about 2 weeks ago and thank goodness, i was off to a good start. As I don't eat mussels, I went with my favorite and safest bet at a French / American cafe - steak and fries. Had a bottle of cotes du Rhone to go with it and it was lovely. The space is pretty small but nothing unusual considering it has a French cafe setting.
This soup was nearly perfect. The broth was rich and flavorful and well-balanced. The cheese was tangy and plentiful. The bread and onions were tasty- my only (nitpicky) critique is that the onions could have been cooked slightly longer. This is a delicious French onion soup and a shining example for French onion soups everywhere. ($7)
Went here for lunch before the symphony- a small place and they fit in as many people as they can so I had to squeeze between two tables. Very quick service, delicious food, and nice wait staff. I would definitely go back
Small little place that sat maybe 30. Doesn't hurt that the hostess was easy on the eyes. Very beautiful gal. We started with the baked camembert with roasted garlic. Holy goodness this was yummy. However, ask for more bread. You will want every little bit you can scrape. The garlic was sweet and not over powering at all. I thought I would have garlic breath, but I didnt. The cheese is hot, so be careful. However, creamy and delish worked wonderful with the sweet roasted garlic and the saltiness from the cheese. We killed this dish.Then to the mussels. oh theses little shellfish that carry the wonderful liquor that it is cooked in. Tried the Thai flavor with lemon grass, garlic, cilantro, coconut milk and chili. It had a kick, but nothing that would make me say spicy. Fresh mussels and the broth was good. Meh in my book. I will try something else next time, French fries with aoili that came with the mussels were meh. Nothing too exciting about them. They did come out hot and not greasy which is a plus.Lamb and Veggie brochettes (which means KABOB) with couscous and pesto minto coulis. This was what killed the restaurant for me. A) no clue it was kabob style. I am sure the word Brochettes means kabob... but the lamb was flavorless. The veggies were bitter. The couscous was dry. Nothing on this plate worked at all. It was beyond a disappointment. I really wished I would have had the croque madame like I wanted initially. Well I wish I would have filled up on bread instead of trying this lamb. Don't come here if you are on a time crunch. We arrived at 5:45 and did not get our main (yucky lamb) dish until 7:05. Maybe it was a good thing that it was horrible since we finished the plate in 5 minutes and then asked for the check. Not sure why it would take so long in between the mussels and the lamb, but we waited 20 minutes for it to come. I was watching the clock since our show started at 7:30. Overall... would I come back... ehhh.. too many other places to try in the area. Everything was great until that lamb dish. I swear that is what is giving this review barely a 2 star rating.
Amazing staff, fantastic meals, great wine and the best salmon I have consumed in 10 years. Darn near perfect. This is my new staple for as long as I live here
Service: great!Price: reasonableFood:- Les moules mariniere: Delicious, I wanted to drink the sauce. Too bad it didn't come with fries like most french restaurants, that was disappointing.- Charcuterie: I was not impressed. Pate and mousse were tasteless pieces of lard and the dried italian meats were subpar.
Cute little place in Hayes Valley! Kind of stumbled upon this place as we were looking for a place to have lunch during work. Left quite satisfied!! Ordered the beef tartare as an appetizer (omg so good!) and flat iron steak as my entree. Love love! Would definitely go here again although not so sure if I would do dinner. Place is quite small (not surprising of SF) but doable. Would definitely recommend to others!
It gets little too loud in here but they have good food and the price is not too expensive.
My favorite local spot. Moules or the flat iron steak avec pommes frites - trs dlicieuse!
4 Star food, at a 3 Star price, with 5 Star ambiance equals a delightful date night! My pasta did arrive a little bit cold, but was still pretty good, and my boyfriends chicken and mashed potato dish was incredible! Service was great, despite them being so busy. Also, I recommend the seasonal vegetables, they were delish, and cooked to perfection! Will definitely keep this place in rotation.
I Love Cabernet franc and Poulette here. This is one of the best French dish. The best is not fancy but food and service are fantastic.
Excellent service. The tomato, pesto, prosciutto omelet was good sized, very fresh and tasty. Cute place with great R&B music in the background. Perfect brunch and casual date place.
I want to get a drink and even though your bar is empty you don't serve me? Your bar is only for diners even when you don't have any? Don't worry, I won't be back. And I certainly won't dine here or spend any money before all the shows I attend in the neighborhood.
Nice spot in Hayes Valley with good food, good service and a genuine French menu. A little noisy, but nice if the weather permits and you can snag an outdoor table. The goat cheese salad and the berry crepes are standouts.
Came here with my boyfriend late one Friday night. Was a ~35 minutes wait for a table around 8:30 - 9 p.m. but we grabbed a beer at the the cozy bar next door.Waiters were French, so they really knew and understood the menu. We ordered two glasses of red wine. Couldn't tell you what it was called but it was fairly inexpensive and delicious.I ordered les moules mariniere with a side of french fries, of course. One of the best mussels & fries I've had since my stays in both Paris and Brussels.Excellent restaurant, fair priced, romantic setting. I'll be coming back soon!
Absolutely outstanding food. It wasn't that impressive from the outside but I got seated quickly and had a great meal. I had the goat's cheese salad and the pork chops. Both were great.
Good food and good service. It gets bit crowded at lunch time. I came here with a friend for lunch and had to wait for about 15 minutes for a table to clear up.French-Onion Soup was good tasting; however, it was full of cheese. I wanted to try it out. I would probably not order that again. We also ordered Brussels Sprouts. They were steamed (I like them roasted).The Salmon panini was very good. Bread was good, Salmon was not fishy, and very tasty bits of caramelized onions. I would have prefered if there was more salmon and caramelized onions in the Sandwich. In future, I might just get the Sandwich to go.Overall, I am satisfied with my experience.
oh man, chez maman is one of my favorites in hayes valley. the food is solid and i always do some damage when i eat here. some of my favorites:-mussels: no matter what kind you get, get some fries on the side. youll need something to dip into the leftover sauce, and drinking straight out of the bowl is apparently frowned upon.-truffle mac and cheese: truffle - great. mac and cheese - classic. both together? need i say more?go, you won't be disappointed. be ready to wait in line if you're going at dinner time. they only take names when you arrive (but they'll call you when your table is ready) and there isn't a lot of seating here, but there are plenty of great bars around for you to kill time.
This is the perfect spot if you are in the mood for French AND Mexican food or if you are dining with someone that wants one, while you are in the mood for the other.Chez Maman is a very welcome addition to the area. Why? Many of the newer restaurants are priced for the performance crowd....overpriced, and with mediocre food. There are a few gems in Hayes Valley and this is one of them. I had the smoked salmon crepe along with a glass of prosecco. I was able to snag a few bites of the truffled mac n' cheese, which was so good it was hard to stop at just a few bites. The crepe was delicious and its portion size was just right, especially before a performance. If the food is too heavy or the portion too large, an expensive nap could ensue.The staff was great and quite friendly. Service was efficient and I was never left wanting. Please note they do not take reservations and only seat guests once all members of the party are present. It's a small space with a few tables and a bar area with additional seating. I cannot wait to try the Mexican dishes on my next visit!
I guess this is a new location, but either way this place is still pretty amazing. We stopped by for dinner with a friend to be pretty dumbfounded at how good the food is. We had the mussels, the ceviche, and of course dessert. The entrees were really great. While we all shared, I had the veal and it was very well cooked. Even though I toyed with the idea of getting a crepe, I was very satisfied with my entree. The real winner of the night was the banana Nutella crepe for dessert. I've always had a soft spot in me for this amazing combination. This night was no exception. Next time I will try their Mexican menu for sure.
One of two Chez Mamans across the city (three if you include Gamine), this location serves up the same great food as the Potrero branch, but in a larger, nicer, and more accessible venue. Coming in for a late lunch today, my friend and I ended up ordering off their dinner menu instead, getting their carbonara and truffle mac n cheese [ instagram.com/p/ZzDpA1Qf ].Needless to say, the carbonara was just as tasty (and rich, and heavy) as their other joints. The mac n cheese I hadn't tried before, however, so I was a little surprised that it beat out the delicious truffle mac n cheese that I've been eating over at La Fusion lately. While I can't comment on their breakfast options, their pastas are certainly among my favorites in SF, if not the favorite.***Accessibility Info***Venue - Like the Potrero location, there's bar seating here that runs the length of the restaurant. Unlike the Potrero location, however, there's also a good amount of regular tabled seating, and much, much more space. So, while you still have the option of sitting outside (and not on a slope!), you can also sit indoors at this particular location as well.Bathroom - Didn't check them out, so no comment.
This place used to be my favorite french restaurant in the city.But the last couple experiences weren't the best. First of all, they used to server french baguette but last time I was there the baguette was old and chewy. My favorite dish there, flat iron steak, is still good, but it used to taste better. Not sure what has changed over the couple of months, but definitely, it is not as it used to be.
Smaller than expected, it's a cozy, brasserie style resto that offers deliciously prepared bistro favorites.I had the mussels mariniere with a side of real frites (hot with just the right amount of sea salt) with aioli and it was solid. The service was quick and the staff were certainly patient re-filling baskets of French bread for (3) hopped up children under 10, no eye-rolling or exasperated attitude that would've been understandable.A good attitude from the wait staff always takes some stress off mommy so I could enjoy my glass of viognier ("here kid, have some more bread").I like Chez Maman West and I'm certainly happy that the highly overrated Absinthe across the street has some competition. When Chez Maman gets its full liquor license, they will bury Absinthe who's rested on its laurels too long.
This place is phenomenal. You don't often get real French food in the US but this was like going to a brasserie in Paris. The food was excellent. The service was fantastic. I will definitely go back.We started with baked brie with toast points. It was delicious but what made it incredible was the whole bulb of perfectly roasted garlic.Then I had a merguez panini which was out of this world. I have never had a sandwich so delicious in my life. I also got fries that were really thin and fried perfectly. They came with a garlic aioli that was divine. I could have eaten it by the spoonful. My boyfriend got the pork chop with brussel sprouts which was so delicious he wanted to lick the plate.If you eat here safe room for dessert. You MUST get the pain perdu (like french toast) for dessert. Trust me. It is amazing.The service here was really nice and fast. There was a wait to be seated of about 45 minutes but we gave them our phone number and they called when they were ready. I can't wait to go back here!
First time here and definitely not our last. Food is amazing and service is world class! French onion soup is unmatched. Chicken burger was cooked perfectly. Banana Nutella crepe is unforgettable - they do not skimp on the Nutella like every other place I've tried.
The basic Burger with Brie and Egg ($14) was delicious. A bit pricy if you order this to-go, but it does come with a side of fries or salad. Mussel (white wine and garlic soup base $15) is over salty; it goes well with bread as it kinda make dissolve the salty-ness. French onion soup here is one of my favorite, they are extremely yummy!I would come back and recommend Chez Maman for dine-in.
Misty day today. Strolled by looking for a lunch spot and found this place.Wrote our name on the board and then got seated within a minute. Sat down and water glasses were filled. Ordered the steak that came with fries. The meat was yummy at medium rare and the fries were good. Our waters were kept filled to the top.A nice little lunch spot for 2. Not recommended for party of 3 or more.
The worst tuna nicoise salad I have E-V-E-R had.That says alot.Considering the Bay Area's wealth of fresh and favorful ingredients, how can this place mess up a tuna salad.Lemme tell you!Canned tuna probably not drained of the water from the can, mixed with a little mayo and tossed into wild greens making them limp and soggy.Tomatoes that were sliced and positioned decoratively in a fan pattern around the plate were hard and had N-O taste. This is a crime against nature.Pieces of potato which is typical in a nicoise salad were the size of an eraser head from a pencil. Yes, that small!A member of my group had a hamburger ($10 = $1.50 for cheese) and asked to have it medium. It came out dry and well-done. The fries are so small you could compare them to those little dried sticks of potato crisps in a can.Another companion had a Croque Monsieur. It was small and didn't justify the $11 price.My group of 4 people had to wait until everyone arrived. Once we were all there, there was at least a 15 minute wait while pairs of other guests waltzed into the cafe or to a patio seat.Service was none existent. We were sort of fed up from waiting and asked to order immediately. The food came. No server came back. No one refilled the water glasses. The wait staff kept bumping my hand bag looped on the side of my chair thereby bumping me.I like French food. I like eating in French restaurants of all shapes and sizes. However, it is not necessary to suffer eating bad French food in this wonderful city of plenty. Finis.
Get the mussels! We got the garlic one (I think there were like 3 options). They do run out and it was amazing and we ate so much bread dipped in the sauce too. The table next to us had 3 people and each of them ordered mussels. The lines are lone and we had 4 people and waiting almost an hour even though the wait was originally suppose to be 15 mins. The waitress managing it all was good about trying to fit us in and moving around the tables so we could attempt to sit sooner. I got the porkchop and really enjoyed it. Other people got the mac and cheese, and burger.
I've been eyeing Chez Maman for quite a while now but it always seems so packed and they don't take reservations. Luckily, this past weekend, the bf and I scored a table outside on a warm Friday night.The food was really good and the service was extremely friendly and attentive. The restaurant has a lovely small French cafe feel, although they also serve Mexican food from their sister restaurant Papito. So if you want French food and your friend wants Mexican...Chez Maman will be perfect.My bf and I decided we both wanted French so we ordered: - French onion soup ($6) - definitely one of the better French onion soups I've tried - Organic greens salad ($6.50) - a basic greens salad, good, but nothing special - Les moules mariniere with garlic, white wine, lemon & parsley ($15) - hands down the best mussels I've ever had; the sauce was perfection - Lamb and veggie brochettes (kabobs) with couscous and pesto-mint sauce ($21) - the lamb was extremely tender and the whole dish had amazing flavor - Sauteed vegetables on the side ($5) - these were okay, a little underdone - Nutella and banana crepe ($7) - delicious, of courseAccompanied with a glass of rose and a glass of moscato with dessert, the total bill came out to $82 for two, which is great for the quality of food. The must-orders are definitely the mussels and the lamb dish! Overall, it was a great dining experience and I can't wait to go back to try some of their different mussel preparations or to try them out for brunch!
Chez Maman is so YUMMY! I love their mussels and fries. Mussels were juicy and tasty, and the fries were just perfect. I got the thai coconut flavored. If I could, I would eat mussels and fries everyday. No joke! I also tried their escargot. It was delicious. Garlicky and buttery goodness!This is a French restaurant, but they also serve Mexican food. I find it kinda weird, but oh well. I come here for their French food anyway.
We went to dinner here last night... The food was GREAT!!! So...you may be asking yourself why I am only giving this restaurant one star. When you order they bring you a basket of bread (good stuff)... However, if you don't eat all the bread they simply take the basket of bread from your table, replace the used butter with fresh butter, replenish the basket with more bread and serve it to the next table. We witnessed this first hand, absolutely disgusting! You don't know which pieces were touched...and they just reserve it. I would have def been back because the food was great - but after witnessing this we won't be stepping foot in this restaurant again. Who knows what is going on in the kitchen if this is happening at the front of the house?!?
I came here for lunch one day with some coworkers. We didn't have too much of a wait, but it's just better to get here early before the lunch rush.I ordered the Chicken Crepe with old fashion mustard sauce. The crepe itself was interesting, they used buckwheat. Very healthy alternative, but pretty bland. You really need to soak it with the mustard sauce. The sauce was very creamy, a bit too creamy for me actually, but it made the buckwheat taste better.
This place is right across the street from sultry Absinthe--and holds its own quite well! We came for brunch and had a ratatouille side and shared a croque madame...want to say we also had some kind of hash, but I can't remember. It was simple and well executed, yum! The vibe is very French, which is great. Then our second time back was when we were waiting for a table at Absinthe after a musical, so we had the sangria pitcher, which is very generous! Go for it, get the sangria and have a good time at Chez Maman!
Wandered over here on a Thursday night after drinks and was seated within 20 minutes outside, as requested. The service was prompt and we ordered mussels poulette, fries and the sea bass. The mussels were excellent, though pretty small. They give you a ton of fries. We could not finish them between the two of us. I liked the atmosphere here, and it was the perfect warm night to eat outside, but since you are basically right on the sidewalk, I might eat inside next time.
This place has gone downhill since it's inception and it's never been as good as the Portero HIll location.The last time we were there the food was very mediocre at best and asian chick serving us wasn't very good.But, now they have maggots. And, thats disgusting. So, no thank you. Don't go
here, you will have one of the best mac 'n' cheese dishes in town but let me tell you - you will leave feeling GUILTY! shit was deliciously oily and heavy. i could not finish and no one wanted to help! also ordered beef tartare, mussels, a burger with extras, beer and two glasses of wine. all for $65! not bad huh. waited about 20 minutes for a table. i love this place! :)
Felt like I was back in Paris. Looooved the food, service and quaint atmosphere.
the food and service it top tier. I usually goes as the sun is setting and the street lights and auto tail lights light up the darkness. Lots of people walking by and thescene could be in Paris. And the food is so so good. I have eaten here morethen a dozen times and have eaten my way through the menu. Every dish has beentop tier. And the prices are so reasonable. Service is quiet, seen but not heard. Always excellent service.
How to Get Your Pre-Show Grub On: 1) Get to Chez Maman West early and grab a couple seats at the copper topped bar.2) Take in the yellow walls, red accents, Frenchy posters, a blackboard of wine options, and cozy vibe.3) Slather lightly toasted, herb filled Goat Cheese onto baguette slices. Chase it with a Salad of overdressed arugula and sweet cipollini onions ($8.50).  4) Enjoy the garlic packed Mussels Mariniere ($14). Ask for extra bread for the broth and be glad your fellow garlic aficionado won't be fazed by your breath!5) Dip crisp, hot fries into aioli. Eat. Dip crisp, hot fries into ketchup. Eat. Repeat. ($5) 6) Try a bite of bland Pork Chop and prefer its accompaniments: a tangy apple cider mustard sauce and Brussels Sprouts with bacon ($17).7) Devour a Nutella and Banana crepe and greedily wish for vanilla ice cream. Decide that Sophie's crisp crepes are still your favorite ($7).8) Steal a bite of the sugar and butter soaked Cinnamon Pain Perdu topped with berries and an enormous pile of chantilly cream ($8).9) Have a serious server crush on the awesome brunette bartender who skillfully provided drinks for waiting patrons, took care of the 8 seats at the bar, hung up my coat, and freshened up my coffee. L-o-v-e.10) Make the short walk to the Orpheum Theatre. Hakuna Matata! #LionKingSF
Lovely French restaurant with two locations in the city. My go to place when craving moules frites whenever I'm up north for work. Small place but have yet to wait for a table.
Craving French food in Hayes? I'd definitely come here to satisfy your craving. Depending on the dish you order, you might get a different experience.My friends and I came here for dinner and we ordered the following: -Beef tartare: 5/5, Great! This appetizer really hit the spot. The beef tartare is essentially finely chopped raw beef and it comes with a quail egg that you stir with the beef. You get a few pieces of toast and spread the tartare onto the bread. It's a great appetizer and I would definitely order this again.-Mussels with fries: The fries are yummy! Although fries are technically not 'French', they are delish! The mussels are quite good and come with bacon and a white sauce that is rich but not too creamy. It's not the healthiest choice but a very popular and yummy dish.-Crepe with smoked salmon and spinach: The savory crepes here are made with buckwheat flour like they are in France, but...the crepe I got was a little soggy (could have been crunchier. I wasn't a fan of the smoked salmon, spinach crepe mostly due to the taste and the soft crepe (usually they are a little crunchier).Overall, I would come back and take friends here!
Went to one on Hays. small place with friendly service. forgot what I ate but was all vegetarian stuff. Was OK but nothing too impressive.
Delicious, reasonably priced food with extremely friendly staff makes this place an amazing gem in Hayes Valley. I came here with two girlfriends on a Thursday night and we were able to put our names on the wait list and run across the street to Absinthe to grab a cocktail while we waited. They called us 5 minutes before and are very blatant that they will not seat you unless you're entire party is there, which is understandable. We went through two bottles of Rose throughout the dinner, which were SO reasonably priced-I thought it was a joke. The server never let our glasses go empty and was extremely attentive. We ordered the mussels in white wine sauce and french fries to start and they were SO plump and juicy, which is a far cry from some of the measly mussel dishes I've been served before. I ordered the beef tartare for my main (random I know), but it sounded amazing and 100& delivered. My friends ordered the Croque Monsieur (which she said was good but not as good as Cafe Des Amis on Union) and the Mushroom Crepe (which I snagged a bite of and HOLY F that was good). I would happily return here, I just wish that they took reservations or could accommodate larger groups-I would not recommend coming here with a party of 4 or more.
Had a late afternoon lunch here. The service was friendly and warm without being intrusive. We each had burgers, which were excellent. Fries were just right. Very nice beer and cider selection complement the meal.
I really enjoyed this place. Such a cute little french bistro. I love the many mussels options and the two that I've tried are pretty amazing. It does get pretty busy though and did have to wait for quite some time. Wasn't in a rush on this particular day so it didn't bother me but probably wouldn't go here if time was an issue.
We went there for dinner and weren't too hungry. We ordered their Chicken Panini and Vegetarian burger with egg on waitress's recommendation. Both the panini and the burger were delicious. I will be back, to try their crepes next time.
Our first time here, late afternoon. This is a cute small place, and at 5pm there was no wait at all. I ordered the salad nicoise, which is my go to order for a first time place, and was very happy. the portion was large, the fish was perfect ( I ordered the tuna), the tomatoes were great, the dressing on the side was very good. I order this at many places, and to compare it to other small bistros I think it came in first.  The brie salad had so much brie! The fries were well done, just as we ordered them, and we were pleased all the way around. This will be a place we will return to.  We found the service good, the food great, the atmosphere very nice, the wine list good and the prices very reasonable.
I came here for a girl's night recently, and had the best time. The space is very cozy and intimate. Overall, the food is fresh and high quality. We ordered a hodgepodge of items to try, including:-Mussels-Fries-Beef Tartare-Nicoise Salad-Warm Goat Cheese Salad-Savoyarde Crepe-Mac & Cheese-Lots of Alcohol :)My favorite of the lot were the mussels - to die for. Everything else was pretty good, except the Mac & Cheese. It was greasy and tasteless. Regardless, this is the kind of place that makes you feel cool. I'd return if in the area, though I might not go out of my way for it.
love this spot !!the food is amazing (best onion soup), very reasonable prices, friendly service ..keep up the good job
Guacamole was great. Steak quesadillas are good. Michelada was perfect, not tomatoey
Fab French cuisine. Owner also owns Chez Papa in Paris. That helps. I always disliked its neighbor, Absinthe, because it did not feel like real French food. Confirmed my theory with the bartender, who lived in Paris and before that Auxerre, which is near my other home in Bourgogne. I like simple French food. Like French Onion soup or moules. Went for a cup of soup and a glass of Bordeaux, simple and good, a perfect way to end an evening from City Arts and Lectures, of which I'm a season ticket holder, and as the days get shorter and nights longer, after the show, I just want to find something warm, and homey. Chez Maman did that for me, I've been here several times now and I do like it. I think the problem with good French food is that people think that it needs to be fancy and expensive but it should not have to be, a good meal I had in France is often very simple, hearty, and it should leave you feeling fulfilled yet not stuffed. I tend to find good food in my travels, and when I return home San Francisco I try to find them so that my memories could be evoked and I could relive my life abroad. As I get older I tend to enjoy barstool seating. I like the way the restaurant is laid out, very intimate and it really does remind me small bistros in Paris. I would come back here in a heart beat. I think this place and Garcon are the two I like the most in the city. The French alley is good in Financial distribute but way too touristy. I've eaten lots of French meals. Take my word, this is way better than its stuck up neighbor Absinthe, and way better food.
Mmmmm... If you need to eat (or even if you aren't hungry) and you are in Hayes Valley, you need to stop by Chez Maman. The restaurant is small so there will probably be a bit of a wait. There is a whiteboard by the front that you can write your name on and sometimes you're phone number so you can roam free in Hayes Valley while you wait. The staff is always nice and the food is always good. I've been here multiple times and have ordered the burger, fish burger, truffle Mac and cheese, and probably all the different mussel dishes. The burger is ~$10 but if you want to add anything on it, is it $1.5 each add on. I usually get brie cheese and avocado. It comes with fries and an amazing garlic aioli which I would drink if I wasn't going to die. The fish burger (salmon) was just as good. It is a filet of salmon that is flavored well and large for the price. The truffle Mac and cheese is as good as it sounds. The plate looks small but the portion is definitely enoughThe mussels are amazing. Any of the flavors is going to be good. Make sure you soak your bread into the sauce to be sure to get all of the sauce!Overall, good experience with good service and good food. It has never disappointed me.
I really don't get it. The staff was barely pleasant.The salade nicoise was cut so chunky that it was obvious no on in the kitchen cared about making salad the could actually be eaten.My hamburger had one flavor: the aioli it came slathered with on the giant ciabatta roll that I could barely chew. The tomato wasn't even pink (IN AUGUST!). If the French Fries were made to order, it was sometime yesterday. They were soggy and cool.The beer selection was mostly bottles and one of the taps was Kronenbourg 1664. One Belgian on draft and it was Ommegong. Just strange for a French place.Pluses: good French onion soup. Good bread, (made by ACME). Good iced tea.Upshot: not even impressive enough to be hipster-good. Lukewarm service backed up by second-rate quality control of what may or may not be decent menu choices.
11:30 on a Saturday and no wait for two.Lucky?12 dollars for an eggs Benedict, which although are admittedly hard to mess up, have an interesting mellow, spiced hollandaise sauce and a perfectly poached egg on top.7 for a cocotte (sp?), which are small enough to try two. As a French dilettante, I can say that it was a good first experience.Total bill came out to about just under 20 each with tax and tip. Possibly my new brunch spot of choice while I'm living in Hayes. Will be sure to try mimosas next time.
Yay! I finally got to grub here. And when I say grub, I mean GRUB.Came here on a Wednesday around 6pm- no wait, seats available, whoohoo!French Onion Soup- Rich, flavorful, and cheesy! I was always skeptical about French Onion Soup...key word: onion. I'm not really a fan of onions but when I saw the pictures and read so many reviews praising this dish, I knew I had to try it. Les Moules Mariniere w/ Fries- The mussels were fresh and delicious. I probably ate 2/3 of the dish. The fries! THE FRIES! Thin, crispy, not too greasy, and large portion. Burger w/ cheddar, bacon, and fried egg & Fries (yay, more fries!)- After the first 2 dishes, my excitement slowly faded. Each ingredient was good separately but as a whole, it wasn't that great. The bun wasn't a regular bun, it was lighter and crispier. It was big but lacked flavor.Mac & Cheese- It was too truflly for me if that makes any sense. Portion was huge so I ended up taking it to go. I'm glad I got to finally come here and ordered everything I wanted to try. The mussels and fries are a must and I would come back just for that.
(See pics) Review #1266. Pretty decent lunch. Sangria was good delicious. They have 1 page of Mexican menu, slightly odd but interesting.We got the homemade guacamole with fresh tortilla chips which were quite good.The mussels (les moules) Poulette were great with very nice and flavorful broth (wine, bacon, shallots, cream and parsley- all the right ingredients!) I l also love the skinny fries that were crisp and very potato taste.But most of all, on the warm day we visited, I still wanted red wine but in a chilled drink. Yeah- a sangria! It was rich red wine taste with very refreshing tiny cubes of fruits floating. A perfect lunch drink.Service was good and this place does get quite busy and because it's a small bistro, it does not take reservations.
We came here for a late lunch on the 12th and I have to believe they were just having an off day, in terms of service. We were a party of 4 and were seated pretty quickly, but once that happened, things seemed to go wonky. Our waiter was rude and condescending while taking our order, but the food which came out was fantastic. During the meal itself, not one person came by to see how we were doing, and we had to flag someone down to refill our waters. After we finished, we again had to ask someone for the check after waiting with empty plates for almost 30 minutes. When our waiter delivered the check he was on the phone, which was strange as there were three or four other waiters just standing around who could have either taken over the call or brought our check to us instead. Next time we want to eat french food we will be going back to the original location in Potrero hill.
My partner and I finally came in for breakfast after seeing this space open up on the next block. The traffic through the restaurant always seems busy and no one has a sour look on their face before or after their meal.We came in to try their breakfast and although the menu was small and simple the food was nothing short of amazing. The Heuvos Rancheros was killer. Simple flavors of salsa Verde with baked eggs on top of black beans, sauted onions, and corn tortillas. Yum Yum. The egg combo with 2 bacon strips and "Texas" toast was to die for. How can something so simple seem to hit the right spot every time? Chez Maman was a smart cookie as this is the perfect location. I plan on dining there regularly and hope you will to.
Great wine selection. The gourmet crepes are very different than your ordinary crepe. Nice quaint and cozy ambiance.
Was out hunting for Saturday brunch in Hayes Valley and found this place just as it was about to open. Its a pretty cosy little cafe with real french waiters and great outdoor seating. Despite all the french-ness, they have lots of options for vegetarians/vegans.. 5 stars for that alone!!I had a yummy hot chocolate, the croque veggie (vegan version) and potatoes sauted with parsley. The croque veggie was basically just 2 slices of bread with melted cheese on them with some tomato slices in between them... pretty simple and unhealthy, but very yummy!Really good ambience combined with nice vegan brunch options makes this place a winner!
Went to pick up the Fiance at Haircut in the neighborhood, saw this place was buzzing and curiosity got the better of me so I put my name in and by the time we came back we were happy to be seated at the bar.Why don't I ever learn you can't trust a crowd in San Francisco? I guess it was my inner hipster wanting to see what all the fuss was about. Unfortunately the Menu should've been a warning when I saw the array of food choices from burgers to tacos to lamb to moules this place had Vertigo and I plunged forward hoping for the best.What awaited was some of the most tasteless, uninspiring food I've ever had the displeasure of paying $75 for.. Honestly I should've dined n dashed, as this place was a disaster. Obviously the food had been frozen right before it came out.. I can't imagine what one would have to do preparation wise to make tacos and lamb that horrid?...Place is awful, and my gosh what's worse is my stomach is even upset today and I've got gas that my cube neighbors must really be appreciating.. what I don't understand is.. how did flavorless food produce such a horrid / rancid stench?Do yourself a favor, move along... I gotta say, for all the fuss about Hayes Valley, I think I'll wait a long time to enjoy the hype that is the restaurant scene down there.. Absolute Zero
I came with a friend and heard their burgers were their best item, so I ordered the basic burger with brie. I love brie and burgers, but I've had better. Kind of dry.The salad, however, was great and had a nice house dressing. The standout thing at Chez Maman was the service. We ordered a bit* of sangria, and the servers were very quick and it was made a little bit different every time, which I thought made for nice variety. The rumor is all of the servers are named David, so I guess David(s) were great. Kudos.It's really small and probably hard to meet with a large group. We sat outside to feel less cramped and there were only three of us.(*More than I've had in my entire life collectively. Rough week.)
i really wanted to like this place. unfortunately the food just didn't do it for meafter eating near nothing on a busy thanksgiving day, i woke of the next morning starving and ran to work with no breakfast. i was going to treat myself to something special and order fancy french takeout for lunch! i called the restaurant, a very nice gentleman with a french accent took my order, and sure enough it was ready when i got there. awesome so far.Veggie Burger with Avocado and a Fried Egg- the whole thing was greasy and the patty was unbelievably plain. it was like they just packed rice and sprinkled a little salt together. there was a healthy portion of avocado and the fried egg was sunny side. i could barely taste the aoili. this was just so bland, and for me in my starving state to say that, it must have been extremely blandFrench Onion Soup- gross. i gagged. is the soup supposed to be sour? it really tasted spoiled, maybe it was all leftovers from pre-thanksgiving. a shame because i love onions.all the good reviews really made me hopeful and i was so excited to try this place, but it was horrendous even though i was starving.
The French definitely know that a way to a girl's heart is through a scrumptious French meal with some good wine and tartar.Came here for a late night meal and this place didn't disappoint. The steak tartar was superb (they actually chop theirs - an authentic way to prepare tartar) with a nice quail egg on top and just the right amount of seasonings that didn't overpower the palate. The French onion soup was divine. May be the best I've had in years. For main courses we indulged in veal and roast chicken. The sauce with the chicken was just slightly tart and oh-so-creamy. Chicken was very tender and the mashed potatoes were light and yummy. The sauce with the veal was my fave. The thing that impressed me just as much as the food was the atmosphere. The feel of the place is French bistro and the wait staff are actually French. We were speaking to the bartender/server and learned that he is from Paris. We started talking about French cuisine and our fave restaurants and it reminded me again the passion the French have for food. We felt like we hopped the pond and were sitting in one of the corner restaurants in St Germain. Wonderful experience and we will definitely be back again!!!
Came here on a sunny, Wednesday afternoon for lunch. I ordered the Basic Burger and added cheddar cheese and a fried egg. First bite... my eyes widen like I never had a burger or something. O_OBesides the burger, I also ordered the beef tartare. It was pickled so it was a bit tangy but the quail egg calms it down which is just right for the palette.Staff were friendly and attentive. They constantly came back to our table and fill up our water when the jug was sitting there the whole time where we could've done it ourselves. The sun was shining, and thanks Chez Maman for topping my lunch off making it perfect that afternoon. Till next time!
This is a rather small place but I love the atmosphere! There's only bar seatings where you can actually watch ALL the food made in front of you! Pretty cool! For brunch, we ordered a French onion soup to share. It was quite good. My bf had the basic burger which he really liked. I had the Mushroom crepe which was not very good. The crepe was rather soft, like pancakes and the sauce with the mushroom & cheese for the inside was not a good marriage. It was sweet and the flavor was somewhat over powering. However, I would definitely give this place a 2nd chance and try some of their many other menu items. It's amazing to watch their cooks make all their food in such a small and tight space but they're efficient and the restaurant is very clean.
very tasty! reminds us of paris. Nutella crepes are generous portions and the crepe batter is to die for. our favorite is the french onion soup - very well done.
As always, the food at this place is excellent, as well as the service, except for one thing -- the hostess. It's a gorgeous sunny day to kick off pride weekend, so I sit outside to enjoy the weather. I sit in the middle table of the five outdoor tables, since only one of the other tables was taken. I get no service or recognition whatsoever for about ten minutes, so I go inside and ask for a glass of water. The hostess asks where I am sitting and I point to the table where I have placed all of my belongings. She immediately walks over there and removes all of my belongs to make room for a table for three, as she "makes it rain" on the neighborhood with my dinero. Frustrating, but oh well. The table for three decides that they would prefer to sit at the open table to my left, so I move back to my original table. Still no water or a menu, and the hostess comes back to me to ask if I could move over yet again, to make room for a table of five. If she had just served me, I would have eaten and left already. I will not continue to patronize my favorite establishment in the neighborhood as long as she continues to give me this type of service. Everyone else there is great, but, sometimes, it's tough to be a black man trapped in a white man's body.
Came here for brunch last weekend. Overall, not impressed with the food -- too bad because the service was excellent. Got the pesto and prosciutto omelet: barely any pesto (at first it looked like it'd just been left out altogether) and the prosciutto was overcooked and looked (and tasted) like it was from a scrap stock. I also had the displeasure of trying a piece of my better half's lamb sausage -- gross! Tasted burnt and oily; I'd be shocked if any of the chefs actually tried this before they let it come out. So unfortunately the mixed greens were the best part about the brunch. Maybe I should've gone with a sandwich or burger -- those looked much better -- but there are way too many other places I'd like to try before coming back here.
Chez Maman is French, right? Yes. But, Chez Maman WEST is French and Mexican! THE FRENCH: The French Onion soup was tasty, not too salty. The Beef Tartare was asi-asi, as they say in Mexico (Clearly, I was experiencing some confusion.), not bad, but not so freaking delicious that it makes the top of my list. THE MEXICAN: I ordered the shrimp quesadilla. Maybe a mistake since Chez Maman specializes in French food, right? In any event, the ingredients were definitely fresh. I could taste the shrimp and fresh tortilla and hints of cheese, but I didn't really taste any other flavors. I guess my problem with the quesadilla was that it was too simple. I easily could have made the same quesadilla at home, which is a food turnoff for me when dining out.I think I'll give Chez Maman West another try, but I think I'll stick to the French food.As an aside, service was bit disjointed, but they had just opened, so I didn't hold it against them.
The restaurant looked really nice with candles and all, but the food was just okay. The pork chop I had was way over cooked.
We visited this location on a Sunday afternoon, around 2pm. Wait was about 5 minutes. Service (5/5): Excellent service. Food timing, water service, attention was spot on.Atmosphere (5/5): Great location, parking somewhat challenging, small but quaint place. Clean and it had a good feel to it.Price (4/5): When you order a burger, the price is for a plain burger. You want cheese it's extra. My bacon cheeseburger cost about $14...A bit pricey...We ordered the following:French Onion SoupHamburgerPork ChopSoup: (4/5): Excellent broth and the cheese was perfectly melted. My only complaint was that the croutons were soggy upon delivery. Hamburger (3/5): I was quite disappointed, especially with all the reviews. But I'm a burger fan and I have high expectations. The bun was huge and the little hamburger that lay inside was swallowed up by the bun. You had to each through the bun before getting to the meat. The beef was just OK, not juicy (I ordered medium), and not very flavorful. In addition, I like pickles on my burger and the only pickles they had were these little pickle-wannabees. Pork Chop (4/5): Excellent pork chop, but not as good as Nopa. The sauce was excellent, the chop tender, and flavorful, but the Brussels sprouts could have been cooked a bit longer.
Loved this place! We stopped by for lunch and thankfully didn't have to wait. We started with the escargot--they were delicious and piping hot. I love how they give you the special French tongs to pick up the snail shells! I had the basic burger with Swiss and avocado for my entree. The burger was so good! My only complaint is that they're a little stingy on the sides. When you pay $1.50 per side, you should get more than a few slices of avocados. That being said, I was still very, very satisfied with my burger. Also at our table were the mariniere mussels, the croque Madame, and the crepe savoyarde. The croque was good and the mussels were outstanding. The crepe was just okay, it tasted much better after pouring garlic aioli and mussel sauce on top. The garlic aioli that accompanies the fries is fantastic and tastes awesome on everything. Overall, very happy with our meal today, and hope to be back in the near future!
This place is sooooo French.. I LOVE IT! The waitress/hostess's accents and the atmosphere totally made me feel like I could be in a cafe in Paris. I tried going here some time during the week but the line was way too long and I was starving so I opted for something else. But the menu had left me wondering so I made plans to come back, and boy am I glad I did. It was well worth the wait --- and definitely look forward to waiting! (the good thing is they get your phone number and will call you about 10 minutes before your table is ready.. super convenient if you wanna grab a drink next door)Had the Mac n Cheese. It had just the perfect amount of truffle oil and it was boiling hot which is how I think mac n cheese is best served. It was super heavy though and a big portion size so I was glad to share. Also tried the pork chop which was delicious. I think this restaurant is the sole reason why I am on a brussel sprout craze right now. The brussel sprouts in their sauce were delectable. They have so many great items on the menu that I'm definitely going back and trying more.
Always love trying new places in my work hood, and since Hayes Valley is exploding, there's always seems to be a new place to try. The place is small, and popular, so prepare to wait. Since my colleague and I had limited time during lunch, we opted to sit at the bar, which turned out to be a great option. The French onion soup is a treat. Welcome to Hayes Valley!
My sister and I went to Chez Maman and I was pretty pleased with the ambience and with the upper crest spruce there. Since it was our first time we did not know much about the dishes there, so my sister asked the waitress to pick up a dish for us. We got the croque monsieur, which was made with bread, melted cheese and ham. It was so delicious! We also shared the chicken apple sausage omelet, and the egg Florentine. Service here are extravagant for sure, and I am deeply thankful to my sister for bringing me to such a fantastic place. I can't wait for my next trip to Maman because I know that I will enjoy tasty food and quality service.
Both the basic burger and fish burger were great, though I liked the fish burger more. The fish used is salmon. I would definitely advise adding cheese for moisture. They use an Acme bun, which was nice and crusty, but it was also kind of dry with the beef. They recommend the goat cheese with the salmon, which was prefect because it was so creamy. The croque madam was also delicious. The bread was so soft and pillowy. The ham was not too salty. The fries were so good. It came with a garlic aioli, which I could eat a tub of. Service was friendly and attentive.
It's a great neighborhood place. Inviting and friendly.Service was great and not pompous.However the food was a bit strange the day we went. I ordered the carne asada tacos and they came a bit cold. The chicken panini my boy friend ordered made him throw up at night. Might just be a fluke. I will try it once more before I decide that it is not a good place to go.
I'm a fan. French comfort food makes me happy and this place is classic casual bistro. I recommend coming during off peak hours to avoid the ridiculous crowds.
Solid place. The food was universally good, the atmosphere was nice, the wait staff were very personable, and they had great food suggestions.
Ahh the comfort food of chez maman like in their portreo location, just wished the food didn't take 1 hour to come out
We visited Chez Maman last night before the opera. We felt lucky to get a table - they do not take reservations. We had the beef tartare appetizer, arugula salad with goat cheese and each ordered a crepe and that was way too much food for us! Portions were large and the food was delicious! I loved the quail egg on the beef tartare and the egg on my crepe - it really made the difference. Prices are good too, especially for San Francisco. The service was outstanding. Servers were very attentive and so nice. I saw them assisting elderly patrons with their coats and helping them go out the door.  I highly recommend this restaurant for the excellent service and the delicious food.
Went there for dinner on a school day with my date. Put my name down and we were seated in our tables fairly quickly. I ordered the Rose which was very refreshing (so much so that I had two glasses). The Chicken quesadilla was delicious as well. On the flip side, my friend's veggie burger was very crumbly and dry. For dessert we got the creme fraiche and berries crepe. Very tasty. I do wish that the food showed up a little slower. Almost felt like they were hurrying me through the courses. Overall more like a 3.5 but I decided to be generous.
Steak and frites are super delicious. The place is small but they pack a lot of tables in without feeling cramped. If there's a wait they'll take your number so you can walk along Hayes while waiting. SF Jazz is just a couple blocks around the corner.
Good service but we thought the food was quite mediocre compared to the expectations we had based upon the prior reviews.
Came here the other night with a friend to try out the good looking burgers that show on yelp.The place was packed when we got there, but we only has to wait about 15 minutes before a table opened up.The serating here is really compact, so expect to be sitting literaly right next to a stranger lol But its not that big of a deal since it's also noisy in there.We had the Escargot to share and I ordered the basic burger with eggs & bacon.The Escargot (my first time trying it), was surprisingly delicious! it was about $9 for 6 of them, there was little meat, but it was very flavorful.My burger was cooked perfectly to order, although you really cant mess up well done lol, but it was delicious as well, reccommend adding atleats 1 topping as the burger by itself may be a bit plain.I took off one star for the bread...the bread you get while waiting is rock hard...and the burger bread isnt much better lol Also, a but on the pricey side...but its good, will be coming back again =]
Very content that Bisou closed early for the night, giving us the opportunity to dine at Chez Maman tonight. The restaurant itself is not very spacey but has a very homey and serene ambiance. At an hour before closing the place was packed, but fortunately we did not have a wait time due to that one two-top table that had just opened up a few minutes upon our arrival. Staff was very attentive during our entire dining experience. We were greeted by a very good-looking white waiter --- irrelevant to my review but he was very good looking. Gay? :[ --- within a few minutes. The menu offered a broat variety of food from tacos and quesdillas to pasta and escargot and burgers. However, the variety was not over whelming due to that there were not too many selections per section. The server was also very helpful in assisting us in the choosing of our courses. We started out with the "french onion soup," "escargot de Bourgogne", and "beef tartare". The soup definitely hit the spot on this chilly summer night, and was not overly sweetened like every other onion soups I've had. The only thing I strongly disliked about the soup was the inch-thick layer of Cheese. Apparently, (according to my dinner date), a good amount of people enjoy a ton of cheese in their onion soups. I definitely did not enjoy it and dug it all out. The amount of cheese i dug out was probably equivalent to the cheese on atleast three to four slices of pizza. Gross. However, I will most likely have this soup again, but will definitely request to have only a sprinkle of cheese. I did not touch the escargot, but my friend said that it was very good. The beef tartare at Chez Maman was the first I have ever tried, and it tasted very fresh and had the perfect balance of spices. For main course we split the veal in white cream sauce and the goat cheese with arugula and balsamic vinaigrette. The salad was okay; the goat cheese was surprisingly not overbearingly-strong in taste. The veal however, was amazing. the butter/garlic cream sauce really hit the spot and felt like every bite melted in my mouth. Even the vegetables on the side tasted amazing because it was also slathered in the sauce. The veal was definitely my favorite dish.Over all, I was very happy and had a great experience here. Not entirely sure who our server was tonight but the staff displayed strong teamwork/tagteam skills. Every server in the room tended to our table. I definitely want to come back and have the veal again, but most likely when I do return I will instead order the many other items I wanted to try tonight. Thank you, Maman staff!
I cannot adequately express how much I love Chez Maman. My husband, friends, and I go every week. The staff is excellent, always accommodating and cheerful. The food is exquisite and reasonably priced. My favorites: escargot, goat cheese salad, French onion soup, the pork chops, mussels, and steak. The ambiance is welcoming, so much so that I brought my wedding party here after getting married at city hall. It was perfect. My favorite spot in San Francisco. Well, in the world really.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!! Only been here a few times but I dream about the french onion soup and fries w garlic aioli. Best soup and fries/dip. Cute space and friendly service. Ill always come back to you Chez, don't forget me
The bread which is served prior to your order is fantastic. French baguette with creamy butter. Mm! Other than that, I highly recommend going there before dinner times since it is much less crowded (on the weekends). I ordered the chicken tacos and they were amazing!
Sometimes by bf likes to throw these curve balls at me. He'll randomly do or say something very surprising. Like yesterday when I asked him what he wanted for dinner and he said "french onion soup." ...?!?!Whats really interesting- I'd never had french onion soup before in my entire life. Yes, I'm serious. The most basic french soup and I've never, EVER had it. So I yelped the closest french onion soup and Chez Maman West popped up and I was like SOLD. Its a cute space, small, loud, but very french. We ordered the french onion soup, burger, and croque monsieur. I raved about their soup for a good 30 minutes. Rich herb beef broth, caramelized onions, and smokey Gruyre cheese, just combined in each bite to form the perfect dish. Each bite made me literally moan. And their croque monsieur had MORE Gruyre!!!!!!! I was in cheese heaven, and a cheese coma- I only took 3 bites but I have the rest for lunch today. The food was fantastic. I will happily be back!
Had the pork chop and my wife had the burger here for lunch. The interior is nothing special but there was pleny of room which surprised me for lunch hour.My pork chop had ok flavor but it was tough, the sauce it came with was pretty good, it had brussell sprouts and bacon bits.The burger was a let down, the meat had no flavor whatsoever, we had to drown it in egg yolk and some of the sauce my pork chop came with for it to taste decent. Won't be coming back even though prices were reasonable.
Amazing dinner. The only problem is that it is always packed so be ready to wait. The people are really nice and the burgers are crazy. Try it!
Early dinner on a Thursday before heading over to Smugglers. Able to get a great table in the window for all 5 of us. Service was pretty slow, but I think we arrived before the dinner shift actually started. Anyways -- the food was terrific. I loved the smoked salmon crepes and the steak tartare appetizer. Our SF hosts recommended the burgers, and they definitely looked great. My husband loved his caesar salad. House wines were affordable and good.
This is a hit to miss place. I have had some great meals here and I have had some fails. Sometimes the same dish just on different days. Example: I've had the quiche which is great when it is fresh. But sometimes when they reheat it not so much! Also the Half a chicken is false advertising it is either the SMALLEST chicken on the planet or it is a Cornish Game Hen. Also it was dry.The burger is solid always but you have to like Mayo because they slather it on. Also the fries are great.
in a word....amazing!
Good bordeaux and even better burger (although I cheated and drizzled some of the buttery sauce from the escargot onto my burger which made it even more excellent)!! Tried escargot for the first time even though was very squeamish about it.. and it was very garlic-y and buttery just the way I like my food :) Our waitress Claire was awesome and she definitely boosted my dining experience here.
Good burger with a rock-star pricetag.[Mine was expensive because I decided to add bacon and swiss cheese].The medium was cooked just right.Eat your burger like a rock-star...
I am fan of the other location. I swear it's one of the best (if not the best) burger in town. I ask for medium rare ... what do I get? Medium Rare! :) I am also a firm believer in the egg makes a burger better. I also believe it is healthier but that is just to make myself not feel as guilty. The goat cheese addition is key as well. Flavorful, tender and just good with a side of fries and beer. I also have had the steak tartar with quail egg. It's quite spectacular. I mean yeah the idea is simple but I would only trust a few places to make it. The mussels wow talk about a guilty please. I got the mussels the other day that came in a cream sauce with bacon. Sooo good. Like soo good. I think this is going to be a new spot for me for lunch and late night snacking.This place I was originally scared it would be treated like a chain at this point, but the service is still great and the food I think still tastes terrific too. Much bigger inside too. Super awesome.
Very quaint neighborhood bistro. Came at 1:00pm last Sunday and the first waitress told us we could only order from the Brunch menu but another waiter let us (an the table next to us) order from the regular menu, which we wanted. Had the beef tartare (so so), escagot (delicious, soaked up all the herb butter with extra baguette) and ordered the frisee salad with poached egg, lardon, and red wine sauce, but the organic greens salad came instead. The salad was good, but was really looking forward to the frisee instead. Overall the food is good and service was friendly. Just wish we didn't have to look for the second waiter to order from the full menu and gotten the salad I ordered.
Came here on a whim for some grub prior to a concert. Such a quaint restaurant I may say...the servers are nice and courteous, but the food is what makes this place great! We sat at the outside area where they have comfy heaters. Definitely get the mussels Poulette, sooo yummy! They should however make sure that they serve this with enough bread to finish off the yummy wine sauce in the pot! Also got the flat iron steak which was cooked to perfection along with the arugula salad with challots! Priced reasonably, will definitely come back here again and would highly recommend this place to everyone!
This is the place I go to feel that I've left the country and arrived in some small Parisian spot of heaven. There is a really great feel of intimacy and coziness with this place and it will warm you up on a cold day from the inside out. We usually order the mussels with frits, a main entre, and wash it all down with a beaujolias or pinot noir. The wait is definetly something to consider since it is a small place. There is a wine shop next door where we sometime bide our time while waiting. Overall, one of my favorite places to go.
What can I say about Chez Maman that hasn't already been said? Adorable French restaurant in Hayes Valley. Excellent food, just right portions and prices. Special props for:Bar Service: The bartender was extremely knowledgeable about the wine list. We couldn't decide between a Bordeaux and a Zin, so he poured us a glass of the Zin on the house. Schweet!Menu: The menu is extensive for a traditional French restaurant and included a variety of offerings including Thai, Mexican, and Italian dishes. We had a really tough time deciding what to order but finally went with the Striped Bass and Salmon dishes. It all looks so yummy too- I will definitely have to come back to try the others!Waitstaff: Incredibly friendly (for a French restaurant that is) and they have French accents! I bet this is a place that local Parisians frequent. A few people sitting at the bar with us were speaking to the waitstaff in French.
This place is very popular so the wait is very long. 45 min to 60 min on the Saturday that we came by. So they take people's names and phone number to call them when a table gets freed up. It would be nice if it really worked this way. Unfortunately that wasn't our experience. We showed up, were told 45 min wait, and so left our names and number. We never got a call and upon coming back 45 min later. Our name had been crossed off the list. Even though the host recognized us, he told us that someone else had taken our table pretending to be us. After reading another comment here I'm not even sure if that's true or if he just didn't bother and crossed us off himself. But the fact is that it's now been 75 min and we just got seated. That's really frustrating, to say the least. If you set up a process and promise your customers that you'll follow it, do it. Or don't have that process at all.
WHAT A GEM. I hesitate to rave about Chez Maman b/c the lines are too long already, but with one of the best burgers and fries in town, huge portions, cheap drinkable house wines by the glass, and efficient, friendly service day-in-and-day-out, I'd eat hear every day if my waistline could stand it.P.S. I'm sick of people on Yelp pissing and moaning about this place and giving mediocre reviews with expectations that are totally out of reality: this isn't a 5 star restaurant, it's a tiny French diner counter.....there will be a wait with so few seats, it's homey and cramed, and there's a limited menu. Get over it and go somewhere else, spoiled brats.
Umm. If you're really hungry you should eat here. Otherwise, if you have time to go somewhere else you should strongly consider it. Restaurants need to be unique and delicious or so bad they're good (like Grubsteak) in this city to get props. This place is mediocrity defined. The french onion soup. Good...not great.
THIS PLACE IS DEFINITELY A MUST TRY.It's so good! I've never had such great mussels before. First time I finished half of the basket. For 14 bucks, you definitely get enough for your buck. We got the mussels in the sauce with garlic.The frites, definitely get it. I thought it was absolutely delicious. Not sure why its recommended with the mussels, as dipping into the sauce of mussels made no difference to me. Nevertheless, it was so good. I almost finished that large basket of fries!French Onion soup was delicious, but definitely more for the cheesy lovers. It was very cheesy and rich.Overall, the meal was delicious! I can't wait to go back again and eat those mussels and fries.The cons are lack of parking around the area, and wait is usually 30- 45 minutes during dinner hours!
Chez Maman. Your Mom's House. (Actually, it's really just Mom's House but Your Mom's House sounds more fun.)I consider myself a French Bistro aficionado. I've tried em all in the city and will go out of my way to try them in other cities. Beef tartare and escargot for days. Chez Maman absolutely falls in the upper echelon of French Bistro's. Not the best I've had, but definitely worth a visit at reasonable prices.Escargot's were unique, they serve them in the shell itself. Personally I prefer when san-shell, but the sauce was still quite tasty. Beef tartare also excellent.I was a bit underwhelmed by the mussels, though. Broth was a little light & watery for my taste, and I prefer a bit more flavor.Pro tip: get the sangria.
I wasn't overly impressed with this place. We went here for lunch right before they opened. The door was thrown wide open but we were told to stand outside for another two minutes until they opened. Mixed signals?The waiter was attentive but had a snobbish air about him - or maybe he was just French, lol. The food was just so-so. I had the chicken burger and it was very bland. I didn't like the ciabatta it was served on, and the chicken was grilled nicely but had little taste. The pesto Panini was similarly uninspired. My mom had the ham and cheese crepe, which was definitely the star of the meal. It was very flavorful without being overly heavy. The crepe was made with buckwheat, and was delightfully sweet. I just didn't feel as though I had a really standout meal here!
Terrific brunch, terrific dinner, one of my favorites in Hayes Valley.
I frequently visit Chez Maman and have been pleased with every dish I've had there. There is usually a short wait (5-30 min) for dinner. Truffle Mac n- Cheese - EXCELLENT, and I don't even like truffles. This dish is amazing, I get it almost every time. Baked Camembert - Stunning. Love the flavor and the crostini bread is super tasty as well. Crazy ear of corn dish (forget name) - super yummy. Tastes like it's terrible for me and probably is, but sooo worth it. Veggie quiche was also good, I like the flavors in the ratatouille - flavorful but not too spicy, and the brie plate is also quite tasty. I've found that the service has varied from okay to excellent, but has never been bad. Once I ordered a side of vegetables that came with garlic, which hadn't been listed on the menu and was a problem for me since I detest garlic, and they brought out another one free of charge. That was great.
Even in food-ridden Hayes Valley, Chez Maman West stands out like a gem. I was utterly shocked that French dining could be so reasonably priced. We only spent 15 bucks on bucket of 40 succulent, delicious mussels cooked with white wine and parsley. I had a smoked salmon panini as the main course, and it was cooked to perfection, perfectly heated with just the right amount of breading. The dessert was also superb- I had the chocolate mousse- so smooth and delicate, and my companion had the nutella and banana crepe - anything with nutella is worth eating. Overall, we loved or dining experience, and we'd love to come back to try other items on its extensive menu. Chez maman doesn't take reservations, but outside seating is usually empty. If you request outside seating (and there's a heater above) you don't have to wait in line
Another excellent meal here. The staff is always friendly, and the food is always good, and prices are really reasonable.You can't go wrong with the mussels and frites. Perfect meal any time of year:)We took an out of town visitor here, and they liked all their food too!It's fantastic that this place is so consistent.
Ordered the basic burger with avocado and mushrooms. I'm sad to say I was disappointed. The burger was very messy. I like my burgers to keep its form, not fall out with each bite I take. The bread was too hard, it was difficult to bite into.No sweet potato fries....really? That broke my heart.Service is great though.
My friend and I popped in here for a really quick bite before heading out to a club. We arrived at 10:20pm on a Saturday, yesterday. We walked right up to the bar, sat down, and ordered. The place is really cozy and the wait staff was somewhat attentive. I ordered the chicken crepe with old fasion mustard sauce for $11. It came out of the kitchen in under ten minutes, and it was really good! I was shocked how good, actually. I'm not big on crepes, but Chez Maman might just have a convert. I'm definitely coming back for brunch. Good food and service for a fair price, four stars for you Chez Maman. This is making me hungry..
A great addition to the Hayes Valley neighborhood, Chez Maman West combines the best of French bistro cuisine with some well executed Mexican specialties.With only about 10 tables and a tiny counter, Chez Maman West can get crowded. There is nowhere to wait, but the staff will put your name on a list and call you wine your table is ready.The fresh bread is to die for, but don't fill up on it, as the rest of the dishes are so good you will want to save room. The moules et frites were delicious, as was the rich and gooey French onion soup. The burger with bacon, egg, and cheese was incredible, easily one of the best in The City.The traditional French selections are, oddly enough, complemented by Mexican items from the Papito menu. The ceviche was terrific, as was the carne asada quesadilla. Light and tasty, the chicken quesadillas were delicious, and the burritos challenge some of the best in The Mission.The staff is helpful, friendly, and upbeat: all the servers seem to enjoy their jobs and genuinely want you to have a good experience.Probably the best in the Chez Papa-Chez Maman-Papito "chain," Chez Maman West is a must-do.
The food is Devine, and the service sweats the details. Thank you for my monthly fix!
Pretty good food here if you're looking for a little quaint french brasserie in the hayes valley area. My friends and I came here on a saturday night and we got lucky with a table outside. It wasn't the most comfortable since the heat lamps were only so powerful and we had to squeeze onto two small tables. The food overall is really good and the service is timely and always comes with a smile. The only thing that was unpleasant was this homeless lady walking by every 10 minutes or so haggling us to buy a newspaper. That wouldn't have been too bad if she didn't smell like stale urine. When we politely told her we weren't interested, she began to insult us for being pompous jack-asses and that we should enjoy our fancy dinner. The restaurant apologized for the disturbance (which isn't even their fault) so that was nice of them. Overall, I'd totally come back for the food.
Wonderful service. The waiter and all the staff were on point and very attentive without being overly familiar. The moules were amazing, very flavorful and fresh.Great merguez sausage with tasty harissa. My love enjoyed a wonderful crepe with Nutella and banana. He was in heaven. All in all a great lunch!!
I did not like the place that much. The endive salad was not fresh and was prepared beforehand. My crepe was just ok. The merguez were not good. It is a fusion place not French. What kind of French place has Mexican food?Disappointed, won't return!
Ahh I've been waiting to return here, but in the meantime, a review to reminisce. French Onion Soup - had a nice thick crust of cheese on top of the hearty, wine-y pool of soup.Mac & Cheese - wasn't expecting much, but among my favorite mac & cheeses of all time (Homeroom in Oakland is pretty delicious if anyone is interested in more gourmet mac offerings). The truffle element adds nice depth and roundness to the whole.They were nothing but kind when I (uncharacteristically, I promise!) spilled my entire glass of water on myself and the table towards the end of the meal. Not sure what the negativity towards the Mexican food is about... I'm trying that part next time!
Simple, tasty and "just right."We had a simple brunch on Saturday morning, the buckwheat classic crepes were really very good. This is a casual place, no fine dining, but fresh, tasty and satisfying. We will be back.
Info : This is the BF and my neighborhood go to. The food is always fresh, well prepared and the price is right. It serves late (a total bonus!) and as long as it's not noon on a Sunday or a post symphony/opera night, it's fairly easy to snag a table. The staff are all nice. People keep commenting on the small extra Mexican menu items. It's really only about 1/4 of the menu. It's a nod to their semi-related Papito Restaurant (which has really good reviews too, so why all the hating?). Food : The mussels and French onion soup are to die for. We also really enjoy the Pork Chop and Peppercorn Steak. Crepes are solid and salads are always tasty. There's this fried goat cheese and greens salad that I crave all the time. The Pain Perdu dessert is decadent to the nth degree. Wine menu is approachable and very reasonably priced.Bottom Line:  If you live in Hayes Valley or just happen to be in the neighborhood it's a great restaurant that's un-stuffy and won't break the bank!
Being a single widowed lady of a certain age is a small challenge when eating out so when I was directed away from a table to a stool hidden behind a pillar I was insulted. However watching the bartender/waiter David behind the bar at work, -charming, polishing, picking up-all while carrying on a conversation made the meal at Chez Maman worth it. Almost.  The hachis-sort of a Shepherd's pie-was perfect. The moules, a man sitting at tables outside said are worth a trip.
Two thumbs up for the flat-iron steak! I ordered it medium and it was delicious, with perfect grill marks. Also thanks to my friend who introduced me to beef tartare here this past Saturday evening. We ordered the small to go with our entrees and it was great.I never tried French burger at this type of restaurant before. That's what my friend was gonna order until he changed his mind and went for the mussels. I want to return for that sometime, maybe for lunch at their Potrero Hill location (which is closer to my workplace) so that I don't feel tempted to again order the steak instead. =)Also two thumbs up for the service, overall very good and quite pleasant.
I just went there and they have good service and food but its not as wow as everyone says. Its a nice small restaurant but im a little disapointed, I order croque monsieur and it was small and a mountain of chesse when I asked the waiter he told me it was big and crunchy not at all...... my husband got a crepe it was ok plain and simple... Cheers!!!
It's definitely busy around dinner time, however the menu (especially including the Papito items) is definitely worth it. Also really good for takeout.You can't go wrong with the burger, one of the best in SF.
Its near my work place , thought of having lunch with my friend , just walked in to this restaurant without reading any reviews in Yelp ( for the first time) :) .Turned out to be the best place , Awesomely tasty food and a Kind server . Must be in your list to have tasty food .Find my pics here :yelp.com/biz_photos/chez
ORDER THE PORK! This is the most darling, fun little place in Hayes Valley. Great service, amazing food, and even better wine. Perfect for date night or a place to bring the family. Love, love, love. If you haven't been here yet, go!
Food was great, just be sure to go there early so you don't have to wait for an hour like us.
Nice staff, small place. Probably good for a date. In the evening? I was there for brunch and had crepes Savoyarde which was a buckwheat crepe with I think prosciutto or ham. Sorry it wasn't memorable enough for me to recall. The crepe was very small for the price (13 dollars) and dry. It says it is served with bchamel sauce -- also known as white sauce, it's made with a roux of butter and flour cooked in milk. It is one of the mother sauces of French cuisine-- however, I did not detect much, if any sauce at all. I'll go back, but definitely will try something different.
Mhmm! the mussels are BOMB. A bit pricey but boy they do NOT skimp on the serving size for their specialty dish! Always have to share them. Fries are a la carte on top of that. The wine is delicious and so many to choose from! For $7-8.00 a glass, it is fantastic! The bartender is always so nice and helpful and the floor server with the thick accent is awesome and funny! I couldn't ask for a better addition to Hayes (one block away and all). Wish I could go every night.
The owner contacted me immediately after my last post and generously asked me to give the restaurant another chance. And so I did, and today, had the most delicious French Onion Soup, just the way I remembered it from previous visits and just how it should be. Thank goodness. Plus, the salmon and Brussels sprouts, never thought I would say this about Brussels sprouts, were delicious! He filled the restaurant with such joie de vivre, that was such a pleasure to spend an afternoon there. Thank you Jocelyn!
We split the burger and salad, with a side of seasonal veggies (zucchini, squash and carrots). The burger came on a great ciabatta roll. Everything we had was expertly cooked. Horribly under seasoned but expertly cooked. They gave me salt and pepper at the table, so four stars. Solid dinner
Great food and ambience. Just a long wait to get a seat most nights.
Waited for an hour and a half and all they could do was waive our corkage fee. Steak tartar was served without mustard and was not very good to begin with. Burger bun was actually ciabatta bread and was trash as well. Stay far far away from this place!
Don't leave without trying the ceviche! Super yummy!
The few salad options they have are solidly creative and filling. Good lunch spot, esp if you can snag one of the three outside tables.
Friendly service, warm and cozy atmosphere, and reasonably priced delicious food (warm goat cheese salad, steak, seabass, Nutella crepe, pain perdu) - what more can I ask for?
I'm officially in love..with Chez Maman West...on Valentines Day! No wait on Valentines 2013 for an unplanned dinner for 2 at 9pm. While everyone's running around trying to find some fancy restaurant to impress, I'd like to think I got the win with Chez Maman.When you first look at the menu, don't miss the mexican food on the right side of the menu. Yes, you heard me --- MEXICAN food at a French restaurant (WHATT???!!)! But don't be scared to try it if you are craving quesadillas, because the quesadilla was damn good! But more on that later.Must have had a big appetite that night so to the food ordered:- L' oriental crepe with merguez, caramelized onions, swiss cheese & egg (over - easy). This crepe was no joke. The swiss cheese, merguez and egg were perfectly complimented with spicy arugula on top. This was probably the best combination I've ever had and it goes without saying, I was a very happy girl.- Veal with creamy white wine sauce & mushrooms.WHOA - the white wine sauce is YUMMMMMMM!! I just wouldn't have been able to eat the whole entree by myself as it would probably be too overwhelmingly rich for one person. Even the veggies that came with it seemed like it was cooked with butter.- Pollo Empanizado - fried chicken quesadilla, chipotle remoulade, salsa roja, guacamole & purple cabbage slawThis was a ridiculously large serving. No joke. I was expecting the fried chicken to be the standard whole pieces of fried chicken, but instead, the chicken was chopped into little pieces inside the quesadilla. You'd think this defeats the purpose of the chicken, but actually it's quite genius as the chicken become little pieces of fried goodness all over the dish.I haven't been so happy with a restaurant in a longggg time. Food was solid, prices were REALLY good for a French restaurant in SF (or anywhere else for that matter). Plus the venue is really cute for a date as it's small and intimately lighted at night. Check out Chez Maman when you have a chance, just not on Valentines because I'll still need a last-minute go-to spot on that day!
We went there on sat for brunch, we got seat it right away. Took our order pretty fast, but when request more bread, the waitress was less than pleasant, and my cup of cappuccino is 1/4 espresso, and fill the rest with foam, literally one sip, so I order myself a cup of coffee instead, I have to ask 3 times to get my creamer for the coffee. The whole time, no one come to refill our water, check on us. When the food come, my egg Benedict florentine has no taste, the sauce they put on is tasteless. Overall, bad coffee, bad service, food is bad.
Great food and ambiance. Mussels were delicious. Try to make reservations beforehand as this place gets packed during dinner time.
So I dont eat "french food" very often, but I know when something is authentic or not. Cant really say this place is very authentic.Half their menu is MEXICAN food ! Am I missing something ?SF if the capital of burritos....why the hell would I go to a franch spot to have mexican food???A little overpriced...Anyways the menu was a huge disappointment. I had the ratatouille and it was cold and weird. Flavorless...Had a burger with an egg on top. Bun was not fresh at all and slightly stale and dry. The burger patty was a lil on the dry side too and had no flavor. Asked for potatoes instead of fries... and I basically got fried potatoes that were exactly like fries but square shaped. Almost like tater tots. Maybe ill come back and try more items and change my review if I have a better experience.
Delicious french bistro! We had an assortment of dishes that were all fabulous, including sweet and savory Thai mussels with fries. The fries were perfectly crispy and well cooked. The french onion soup was cheesy and hit the spot. The truffle Mac and cheese was decadent. Overall, the meal was reasonably priced and we left happy and full.
We came back! The food was even better (try the Warm Chocolate Fondant!) and the service still super fast and professional. The homemade Sangria is a must try, we will be back!
Finally, Hayes Valley has been waiting for its very own Chez Maman.Last week I ate here twice in one weekend once for dinner, and the second time for brunch. It was really that good and compared to all the over-priced cafes in this neighborhood I believe Chez is doing it right. Friday night dinner was a bit busy much like any popular restaurant in the city. expect to wait around 20-30 minutes. Sunday bunch we were seated outside right away. Complete with our $12 egg plates, fresh coffee, and yuppie watching. Menu items are all pretty much "authentic" french cuisine and well priced. My only complaint is the house wine had an extremely close resemblance to the famous "2 Buck Chuck" Satiate
We stopped here for dinner before a show at Davies Symphony Hall as it is in the perfect location . I tried their famous hamburger with avocado and egg - yum! I would get that again in a heartbeat. They don't take reservations so make sure your party is all there before you get seated. We got there early enough to beat the crowd, but it does get crowded quickly! Service was nice and timing of our meal was great!
I was really looking forward to checking out this place based on all the Yelp reviews. I even asked one of my girlfriends who is currently in love with everything French to join my boyfriend and I. I haven't had good French food in quite awhile so I was excited.I was happy as I was quickly greeted by the French host (owner?) and quant French decor.However, after getting seated, my boyfriend quickly pointed out that half the menu was mexican food. Sacre bleu! Thinking more about it...that IS bizarre! I did not come here for that...so I just ignored it. Easy enough.They were a little busy so it took a little while to get our order. They accommodated my request for a substitution (at an extra charge). Had the arugula salad and that was good. Had the croque madam (mediocre).  Maybe it was an off day or maybe I was expecting too much. Conclusion: it was ok, good food but not great and I wasn't wowed.
Quick service, good food at affordable prices!what else do you want?love it and will go back whenever I have a chance...
Chez Papa is one of my favorite restaurants, but I've always thought of Chez Maman as sort of the "lite" or cheap version of that. So wrong of me. While there was a hiccup or two, I really like this place, I would most certainly return, and I recommend it.There, readers with short attention spans can leave now.What pisses me off is, why couldn't I find a restaurant like this in Paris? A month in Europe and none of our meals were this good. I blame myself, but honestly, how hard does one have to look, over there?We had the Moules Mariniere (fantastic, better than Chow, as good as Grand Cafe), Merquez Sausage (very nice, spicy) and pasta carbonara (one of the better ones I've tasted), and fries. My fries were bottom of the bag and not much more appealing than the conical holder they came in, and the first batch came out cold. That was fixed immediately, with almost no delay. The Crepe Suzette was a nice crepe in too much brandy, so it tasted like orange flavored brandy over a crepe. The owner/manager (?) made a cursory attempt to light the brandy, which failed, and he gave up with no further effort, which was not impressive. Either get the lighting technique down, or change the recipe, don't make one attempt and then walk off.  In any case, I would not recommend the crepe suzette as it's not the best example out there, not bad, but not what it could be.The menu also listed burgers and mac-n-cheese, and oddly enough, under the heading of BISTROT: Mexican food.  Mexican food in a French restaurant? Well why not, the kitchen crew seems to come from Central America, not the South of France, but still...A young couple came in and sat next to us. I heard her ask "What are moules", I pointed to my shells and added that they were very good. She had the mac-n-cheese, so you see there are silly people who can't go anywhere without ordering kids food. Hell, I heard a young American girl atop Notre Dame exclaim "Oh look! There's a Subway! I love Subway!".  Were it not for the safety cage, I might have tossed her over the side!So yes, I liked this place, and look forward to going back. Heck, in the 19 years I've lived here I never did go into either of the two restaurants that preceeded it, so that has to say something!
Two dishes, two opinions. Chicken Panini: Good, just like in Italy. Fish Burger: Just average. Not a fan of the ciabatta bun. Good beer selection. I would come back and order something wildly different and try this place again. Also, it was really busy/crowded/loud. We showed up at 5:30 on a Monday and just barely got in before it filled up.
Granted I don't live in the city any longer so my exposure to restaurants is more limited. That said, I had a pre show dinner with a friend there last night. We thoroughly enjoyed everything. It's a cozy little bistro with all the traditional favorites. I'd seen the mussels on their homepage, & knew that's what I wanted. We shared the mussels, & the Mac & Cheese with truffle. I couldn't really discern any truffle, but still OMG good. We wanted to share a desert, but after ordering it realized we were running late, & it was taking a bit longer as the restaurant had gotten busy. We canceled our order, & not only was it taken off the check but the Mac & Cheese as well. I've worked in the business, & still didn't think that wasn't necessary, & that's why 5 stars. I definitely recommend it, but if your going to a show nearby be sure to allow enough time.
I went twice in one week. the mussels were outstanding as was the veal with mushrooms. service was attentive and friendly. The burgers were terrific. I was really pleased.
This restaurant is extremely warm and cozy. I ordered the pork chop and it was hands down the best pork I've ever eaten; it was extremely tender and the sauce was AMAZING. I was done definitely a happy camper. The service was extremely friendly and helpful too!
Nioise Salad is to die for.Fresh tuna, olives, peppers, green beans, potatoes, eggs & tomatoes.
Have always had fantastic food at Chez Maman. The place is tiny, but if your group is small and you put your name down on the list hanging from the door, you might not have to wait too long before getting seated. Besides, Hayes is a great street for strolling if you've got time to kill while waiting for a table. You can check out some photos of the food we ate when we dined their last at this food website:eatsporkjew.com/restaura
We came here a couple weeks ago. It was a beautiful sunny Saturday so we opted to wait for a table outside since we brought my Bichon to brunch with us. Thankfully I wasn't incredibly hungry so the wait didn't seem so bad. But once we got our table it was perfect to people watch especially since it was Gay Pride wkend so there were colorful characters strolling by on Hayes. First of all, customer service was outstanding... super friendly and attentive.Funny our intention was brunch, but after my date did all the ordering... I felt like we were having dinner in the early afternoon. He ordered this amazing bottle of red wine, I believe it was a blend. We started off with yummy cheese to go with the wine; shared a delicious salad. Although we shared everything, my main entree were the flavorful mussels and my date had the tender steak... both were scrumptious, which left us completely satiated... so we declined on dessert, thank God.
Great place! I came for dinner before playing a show at the rickshaw stop. We got mussels mariniere, French onion soup and mushroom and Swiss crepe. Everything was completely awesome. So tasty. Extra bread on request no problem. Our friends got "French burgers" that we're French because of the fancy French cheese they put on them. They looked mouthwateringly delicious. They have omengang brewery beer who h is a perfect complement to mussels. Definitely check this place out. -Joey
Add another fine establishment to the rejuvenation of Hayes Valley. With the success of the French Onion Soup at the original Chez Maman, West was launched. The space here is larger, and much more accommodating to groups of diners. The wait for a table was alleviated with bottles of wine we brought ourselves. Corkage is $20/bottle with a max of two. Corkage can be confusing at times, because I've been to places that change a one time corkage and others charge the fee per bottle. Due to the confusion, they comped the second bottle fee. Excellent customer service!The menu, along with the French options, includes the awkward addition of Mexican entrees like tacos/quesadillas/burritos. Without trying to deviate from the reason we came in the first place, I ordered an onion soup and the burger. While I appreciate being able to order onion soup any day of the week, as opposed to just weekends at the original location, I do have to say the original tastes better. Multiple soups were still enjoyed this time around, just less satisfying. The burger was a bare bones burger and had options for toppings at $1.50 each. It's one of those that starts off under $10 with the potential to reach $25 all toppings considered. On this occasion the brie and egg sufficed to make a delicious pairing. __July '12 Health Score - 94
So it's been years since I've been to the O.G. Chez Maman ... or even the Chez Papa. And like any friend you haven't seen in years, the reunion could be awkward or sweet.In this case, it was a little bit of both.I LOVED my steamed mussels in the Marinierie broth. Give me white wine + butter + herbs for my mussels... and I am a super happy girl.Their mac n cheese w/ shaved truffles and truffle oil could have used a touch more salt. Just a bit under-seasoned. Better than over-seasoned though.The slightly awkward part was seeing a Mexican part of their menu. Just a little confusing. I don't really remember that about the original. Is that new? I'm not a big fan of bistro food, but the one thing that always has me happy is steamed mussels (I'm looking at you Bouchon). Husband's veal was not awesome... but then... I always know it's mussels + frites for me at any French Bistro restaurant.I really should have tried the french onion soup as a part of the eval, but we had to get the fancified mac n cheese.
Came here on a Wednesday around 6pm, and they already had a wait! I was surprised, but did notice an older crowd (possibly pre theatre?) that were already there and mid-meal. We had a glass of wine outside at one of the few standing tables while we waited for our table. I ordered the burger and added bacon. It was pretty good. The fries were hot and nice and skinny, my favorite. I think the mussels with the white wine and garlic are the way to go. I would probably get those next time. Overall, the service was friendly, the food was good, and I would come back for another dinner!
I went here for lunch at the end of last month. I was lucky to get there just before the lunch rush, since the place is small. Service is great and the main waiter was French and super friendly. I ordered the Mussels Mariniere with the side of fries. The mussels were delicious and what put the icing on the cake for me was that the waiter suggested that I take all the mussels out of the shells and let them soak in the warm broth with the fries. I'm not sure if this is an authentic French way of eating mussels, but it was surely interesting and delicious.
What can you say that hasn't been said before.This place in wondrous. We ate here before the nutcracker because it was close and it seemed fitting for the occasion.The service is quite nice and this time, unlike most times i come, there was no line at all.I had a strip steak which i had been craving all week and it was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. The menu overall is full of fresh ingredients and any choice seemed a fine pick.I look foward to returning
Pretty Good food, but we were seated right next to some obnoxious people, The place itself is quite small and loud, people don't seem to have control over their volume or the subject matter of their conversations, so it's hard to enjoy a nice meal when you are listening to the unintelligent rambling of about 20 people around you. Service was good, try to avoid rush hour I suppose.
I ate here for my birthday with my husband this year. This is a small restaurant in a great neighborhood with a bright friendly atmosphere. Our service was good and food was great.We ate....French Onion Soup -delish!Classic Burger w/ fries -yum!Croque monsieur -cheesy yum!I will be back.
This is the new chez maman on the "west" side (hence, the name) conveniently located on the corner of Hayes and Gough (right of the 101-N and outside the craziness of the TL/downtown-hub). Atmosphere: cute but casual french bistro in Hayes Valley- perfect for any event whether it's a chill night out or date spot (first-date friendly, too!). We visited on a Monday night so the wait was only ~25 minutes at prime-time of 7! (If you hate waiting, I'd recommend coming around 5pm-6pm to avoid Food: 4/5 stars for sure!My friend and I ordered three dishes:1. beef tartare (half for $8 and full size for $15)- we opted for the half-size. 5 pieces of bed with a serving of perfectly seasoned tartare- TOPPED with a cute raw quail egg. (YUM for all the carnivores!)2. burger with fries- medium rare ($11)- the beef-patty was very flavorful! It's not served on your typical burger-bun (which I might have actually preferred) since the bun used for this burger was some type of artisan bread that was a bit too chewy. All good since the aioli sauce and meat made up for the mediocre bun.3. les moules mariniere ($14)- MUST-TRY.i loved the mussels here and I'm typically not even a seafood fan. Definitely FRESH and I loved the garlic-base sauce. Wow, I would love to devour another bucket of these.....Good selection of wine (red, white, and sparkling!- glass range from $8-10; they also serve sangria)- I definitely enjoyed my cab ($8).They also serve crepes and mexican food (?). Service:LEGIT french people serving legit food. Super friendly and efficient service- my glass of wine and water were never empty- now that's attentive! I'm a fan :) I will definitely try to visit the original establishment over by the "east" side soon.
I'm so glad this cute little french restaurant opened in my neighborhood. Love it! I've never actually dined in the restaurant, because it's always busy, and it's just too close to my house to bother to wait. But i have ordered take out a number of times. Chez Maman makes an absolutely amazing ratatouille! Yummy! This is pretty much the only thing I will eat at this restaurant as I'm vegan, but this one item makes it allll worth it. I'll order the $5 side as take out and eat it at home legumes. Take that McDonald's!If I were eating in the restaurant i would probably get the ratatouille and a side of black beans that comes with the burritos to round out the meal. The servers are all french, and they always seem very pleasant and accomodating when I come in to place my order. :)
Want some crunch in your lunch? I took a client to lunch at this location because although i have never felt the food was anything extra-ordinary, I have always thought it's a relatively cute place in a charming neighborhood. My client started eating her salad and burger until something caught her eye.. A roasted maggot. We were both so disgusted that we could not speak. I waived the waiter over and pointed at it politely but the response was the most alarming (!!) He justified the situation by saying: "OF COURSE this happens sometimes! It's organic salad! This is normal! You have to expect this!" Almost as if to say WE were crazy. This definitely left the worst impression. I have since done my homework and maggots do not eat lettuce plus this was one was roasted so there is still a mystery for me. I actually left a tip. I am not quite sure why but i did. I felt bad for the waiter.More surprising though, was the owner's reaction. The manager informed him as to why he had comped our bill and the owner just walked to the next table without saying a word to us! If i had a business, i would NEVER ever let that go without saying something.I thought about this long and hard on whether I should write a review or not... but in the end, i depend on other yelpers to give me the truth.. so here is mine. Please note: (To be fair)1) When it happened, the manager did ask my client if she wanted a replacement and of course she said no. He asked me if i was done and I was definitely done.  He took the plates away and we sat perplexed in silence. The same waiter came back and put the bill on the table and said he waived it. The truth is that, I could have cared less though, all i wanted to do was run away. 2) The manager has since contacted me and he did say sorry for his reaction. Maybe i should have put myself in his shoes as well as the waiter (and manager) whom had to deal with an uncomfortable situation. 2) To reassure you, he also informed me that: "a janitorial company scrubs my entire restaurant 365 days a year after closing. There is no trash or sewer anywhere near ANY food or prep areas. All the produce comes clean packaged, and goes directly to the walk in fridge, and then to the service area. The greens we serve in the salads come washed and ready to serve, they are from an organic company and unfortunately on a rare occasion they will have a small bug." 3) I have eaten here on numerous occasions and never had problems. PS: If you are one of those people that wants to exercise your first amendment rights say that these maggots are edible, please refrain from doing so.. because when you do not ORDER these little guys in your plate, it's quite disgusting and shocking.
Went here with two other people for dinner on a Tuesday night. Table was a bit tight (space is really small but very charming) but the staff made it work. They also have an l-shaped counter that is very comfortable if a table isn't available, as well as sidewalk seating. Draft beer selection is a bit scant; bottled is decent. Wine list is very good, and very affordable. Food was excellent. Overall: great food, great wine list and helpful staff.
Really enjoyable meal. Flat iron steak was tender and cooked just right. The fries small and crispy. The pan seared sea bass was seasoned perfectly. Great wait staff and excellent food. A great place for a first date as the food is excellent and the cost won't break the bank....also if the date sucks at least you had a great dinner! Hahaha!
We live in the neighborhood and my husband and I end up sharing the following:-ANY of the mussels-Fries-Beef Tartar-Onion SoupThese are our staples, but it is hard to veer away and try other things because we love these dishes so much!
Over-priced mediocre food. Guacamole and chips were ok, yes we ordered these at a supposed Frenchie spot. Endive salad was goopy, meaning too much dressing with globs of cheese. My veggie burger was decent, an extra $1.50 for avocado and another $1.50 for the ok mushrooms. My glass of Cotes du Rhone was ok.
What a wonderfully authentic French Bistro experience.  Many folks yelp ecstatically about the burgers being the best in the city. It's certainly subjective...I actually found the burger to be good, but the bun wasn't to my tastes. The patty was excellent; poignantly seasoned and cooked just perfectly.  Not crazy juicy like say, Val's, but good nonetheless.What really stands out here is the croque madame.  Served on brioche, with a perfectly cooked egg...rivals what you'd get anywhere in Paris.  And its good value....a big meal for 2 set me back no more than $60. We didn't have any alcohol though.Chez Maman solidly every one of the five stars I'm giving her...
This is the strongest 5 stars I've recently left for any business.We came in here during our Thanksgiving weekend stay in SF. We were just cruising by and noticed that little restaurant at one of the corners. Quick reviews check on Yelp and we were in. It was the Thanksgiving evening so there weren't many people inside. I wasn't really hungry so I just got an appetizer - lamb sausages. They were absolutely delicious. On top of that price is extremely reasonable, I think it was only like $8 or something. I can see this dish served in Vegas or Hollywood for $15 easily. My wife got a salad and pasta and she said that they both were excellent.But anyway, I was so surprised by the outstanding quality of the food that I made an exception and I went there again (next day) during the same trip :) This time I came prepared - read hungry. I ordered the french onion soup ($6) and the Chez Mamam basic burger (with addition on bacon and swiss) ($11 + $3 for addons). I'm deliberately listing the prices to show the outstanding value you're getting there. Both dished were stunning. I could eat the soup everyday, perfect flavor, perfect temperature, perfect size. The sandwich was one of the best burgers I've ever had (and it's a French Bistro!). The bun was a french roll, super fresh and light. It was served with really good fries and salad. It was so good that I wish I could go there tonight :( They also have a nice selection of wines, but for me, as a beer person that is the only issue: beer selection is pretty poor, they have Modelo & Heineken. Three other beers on tap, one of them being french. I wish they would serve 3-4 craft beer, if not from Europe, at least local. That would make this little joint a 6 star restaurant :)Our server (same guy on both nights, unfortunately I don't know the name) was great, very attentive and polite. No problems at all. Oh, I actually went to the "main location" but I was surprised to find out that over there they only have one table and some bar seating, so we went back to the West branch.This was one of the highlights of our SF visit for sure. Please open a branch in SoCal!!!
This cozy restaurant is usually packed on a Saturday with people lurking outside waiting to grab a table. My friend and I ended up waiting 45 mins for a table but the food was well worth the wait!! I ordered thai mussels with fries which was amazing. I'll definitely be back!
Crepes and burgers as well as mussels were delicious!! :)i actually wasn't expecting the burger to be so good, even though I'd heard great things about it. I thought it would be over-rated, but the meat is absolutely delicious and the seasoning is very tasty. They cooked it exactly medium like I had asked. The servers were all very nice us even though we chatted forever before ordering and after paying our bill!
I think I've found my favorite french bistro in SF. Although let's be straight. Its not the best tasting French fare, but it's pretty darn good and with the location, it's overall great to me. Plus, the staff is friendly and vibrant (especially to non sober people too), Chez Maman West has easily climbed up into my book of a go to spot in SF (and so much more accessible than the first location).Although the place doesn't sit very many people, you can be sure that there might be a line during Fri/Sat nights, but the food is pretty on point. The burger is the usual thing to go...but in this case, I felt gutsy and wanted to explore the menu:-Beef Tartare - a nice flavored raw beefy goodness. my usual favorite dishes at french spots. -Moule Poulet - Mussels were amazing and the sauce was so good with the bread-Complete Crepe with Ham, Gruyere and Salad. Crepe was great and tasted thin and light.-French Onion Soup - awesome and not too salty.Tip: You can make a reservation, but do so well in advance or call in advance if you're on your way to put your name down. They'll accommodate but the wait time can fluctuate a lot.
She said she wanted a French dinner for Valentines Day. Didn't have a reservation anywhere and it was a day before. Found this place on yelp, great reviews, French cuisine, and didn't need a reservation! (they don't take them). We got there around 8:30 and the doing room was still full but we were able to sit outside with no wait. It wasn't too cold of a night and the heaters above were real nice. Both got the onion soup, I loved it, she thought it was alright. She got the lamb. I got the pork chop (as recommended by the guy)And they were both fantastic. Personally think the pork chop was better, the apple cider mustard sauce used was something my tongue had never experienced. Shared a mousse for dessert. Food was excellent, service was superb, and the price was decent. Saw a sign on the door that they're open for brunch on weekends, definitely need to check that out next!
The most delicious tuna panini in SF. Bar none.Good service + other good dishes + decent prices. Great neighborhood addition to Hayes valley. I like.
Love me some Chez Maman...I want to come here everyday just to devour the mussels... so far I've tried the Provencale: tomato concassee, basil, garlic & bell peppers and the Poulette:shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley. Both quite heavenly... the broth you just want to drink out of the bowl once you're done with the mussels. That's why it is good to get with the crispy delicious french fries. A great pair!The rest of the food is quite tasty too (French Onion soup... wonderful).and the bartenders are always nice and helpful.
More of a 3.75 rating rounded up to 4 stars.Oh French food, I may not know how to pronounce most of your names, but I sure know how to eat you. This spot is perfect for those hard to come by San Francisco sunny weekend brunches, especially with moderately spacious outdoor seating and a water bowl for the dog to boot. Extra brownie points for serving Brunch until 4pm on weekends!I ordered the Eggs Norwegian w/ smoked salmon while my boyfriend had the French onion soup and Quiche lorraine. My dish was decent, but I actually enjoyed stealing bites from my boyfriend's dishes more (much to his dismay). Quiche is usually so filling and eggy, I'm sick of it after the first two bites, but their quiche was so soft and moist on the inside, I wanted to take a nap inside it and then eat my way out. The French onion soup was also delicious and not overpowering at all. Not a bad place to go for brunch, and we'll be back to try the other dishes.
We arrived on a Saturday night with my wife and 4-year-old son, without a reservation, and they were very accommodating. Service was great, everyone was very nice and friendly and happy to have our son. Food was very good, we ordered crepes and mac&cheese for my son (who was not a huge fan of the truffles, but was ok). I give it 4 starts instead of 5 because the Merguez crepe could have been better, the Merguez sausage itself is not that great.
I love the Chez Maman family & Chez Maman West is no exception. What to know about this location:- Be prepared for a tiny bistro with about 10 tables + bar seating. They do have 3 tables outside (with heat-lamps!) which is so nice for when it's sunny out but I wouldn't recommend it for large groups. - They serve both menus from Chez Maman & a limited one from Papito -- perfect if you have a group that can't decide if they want French or Mexican.- I can't tell if they have a full liquor license or just wine + beer. They do offer margaritas & Bloody Marys in addition to a wine & beer selection & don't say if they're soju-based, so presume they just do a limited liquor selection.- What to order? Moules Frites are always a favorite as is the amazing grass-fed burger -- I've also gotten the lamb kebab which is HUGE and delightful.- They don't take reservations, but if you call they will kindly put your name on the board outside & call you a few minutes before your table is ready.- And on that note, the staff is friendly & helpful. I've found they're always two-steps ahead of you, especially before you take that last sip of wine so you have a fresh glass on its way!
Really good food throughout the menu. My favorite is the pork chop. Very generous piece of meat. I order food from here and dine here every other day.
I really wanted to love this place, because of the reviews and looking over the menu..yum!!first, was the appetisers, beef tartare, and baked camembert--since I don't eat seafood I only got to try the tartare, it was alrightthe mahi-mahi was done too well, it was tough to eat throughthe mac and cheese was too hard on top, perhaps cos my friend said we were all sharing and they brought it out all at once? the basic burger with egg was my biggest disappointment, no better then a burger at a pub where you go more for the beer then the foodthe flatiron steak was tough, even though we said medium.fries were good, surprisingly the only thing, besides mousse au chocolate dessert, creme brle we had..the berry crepe was OKthe bellini was pretty darn good! total we paid about $42 each which is cheap but,the food wasn't good.. I guess for the price paid I shouldn't complain.next time I won't hype myself up :/
Five stars. I love the Hayes Valley Chez Maman, it's always a lovely experience. The service is wonderful, everyone is so friendly and attentive. Claire the young French host is amazing. The servers and busboys are so professional and kind. Mussels are delicious, as are the escargots. Easily the best burger in the city, I always have the best meals when I am here! Perfect place for a glass of champagne and a relaxing bite to eat.
We walked in around 9:30pm on a weeknight and though it was bustling we were seated in a cozy corner right away. We shared two dishes for a small meal - melted Camembert with roasted garlic and toast points and the fettuccine with white wine sauce and mushrooms - and both were terrific. We could have eaten much more cheese but for the appetizer it was, no complaints. Reasonably priced for a nice small meal, too.
This place is one of the best brunch places in SF. The place is a little small, so the wait can be long. The food is totally worth it though. I had a egg cocotte with prosciutto. The dish is basically a poached egg in a white sauce and prosciutto. It was delicious! My friends and I then ordered a crepe with berries which was also good. The waiter was very nice and answered any questions we had. Altogether, I think I spent around $20 which is pretty decent for the quality and quantity of food I received.
Wonderful food and a great atmosphere if you are able to eat outside of the restaurant. The inside of the place looked a little packed, but we had a great meal. Wine was fantastic!
I've been wanting to go to the location in Potrero Hill but made it here first. It was a 30 minute wait on a friday night without reservations but we easily passed the time at a bar down the block. They take your cell number and call you when your table's ready, but we got back before they had to. My bf and I had the beef tartare, pork chop and flat iron steak. The food was tasty and the portions were generous. Also, there was nothing pretentious or snobby about this french restaurant - the staff was friendly, attentive and quick to respond to all our requests. Chez Papa is next on the list!
My friend and I came for dinner on a Saturday night. Even though the restaurant is small, it wasn't too crowded so we were seated quickly. Great service and even better food. This was seriously one of the better meals I've had in a while. We ordered the Mussels Poulette and the burger with brie. Mussels were so flavorful, broth was excellent and even better with fries. The burger + mussels combo go great together because you can just use the enormous serving of fries that come with the burger for dipping instead of ordering separately for $4.50. The burger itself didn't really have too much sauce, but the patty was cooked beautifully and deliciously meat-flavored. The bun is really nice too.I was actually really surprised that our bill was under $30 for such high quality food and great service. Definitely will be needing to return for brunch!
Eggcelent.One of those times when getting something completely opposite from what you expected turns out to be a very, very good thing.Exhibit A: Their veggie burger.From the menu you'd expect a homemade patty. Nowhere does it suggest it's more a breakfast sandwich with an abundance of eggs and diced veggies.Basically breakfast at 3pm. With a side salad. For the record there is nothing wrong with breakfast at 3pm. Especially in such an open and welcoming space.And I've got the perfect reason to return for a proper lunch.
Great place for a midday family meal.We came here, a family of five, after wandering around the Asian Art Museum for a few hours and working up an appetite. This was well-reviewed here and was within walking distance: bingo!What I liked is that everyone (including some picky kids) found something to like on the menu. The kids had a croque monsier (what's not to love about ham and melted cheese??) a burger (opinion: great) and a salmon crepe (Not a hit. May have been too sophisticated for her taste because I thought it was delicious.) Fries were fantastic and everyone loved the aioli.There's also good grownup food: a pot of mussels in broth and Eggs Benedict were both great.Cappuccino was small but strong.We'll be back!
Get the Mussels! They were absolutely delicious. The french onion soup was also delicious, but I would have opted for a little less cheese.
A lot more spacious than the other location. The croque madam was one of the best things I've had in recent memory. It is probably my favorite brunch item of all time.
Best during off hours. I like this place when no one is here!They have a large menu selection that is all over the map. This place gets way too crowded- that all being said, its great food and great service.
We were served the mussels of death. Ordered two different types and they both tasted like rotting death. 70% were inedible and after complaining about both batches they sent us out a much smaller version of a new batch. As in the batch that hasn't been in the cooler for the last two weeks rotting. We were so lucky to receive a 1/4 order of non rotting mussels that they still charged us for the prior first two batches that we could barely eat. $55 later after ordering two beers, a side of fries and a cereal bowl full of somewhat decent mussels I feel like I shouldn't have to still go scavenging for something to eat when I get home since I'm still hungry. This restaurant is riding on their prime location and cheesy French vibe. Poor service and even worst food. Super disappointing that I got totally ripped of even though the server took back the full plates of food that were not even eaten. Oh, and now I'm inhaling the intoxicating fumes of windex while the bartender does her side work while everyone at the bar is just trying to eat their dinner. So utterly rude and disgusting to be spraying chemicals all around your customers while they eat
I was so excited for the opening of the Chez Maman Hayes Valley location since I rarely make it to Potrero Hill. It's been years since my last visit so my disappointment might not be exclusive to the new location. I had talked up the burger for so long and could remember how perfect it tasted - juicy, meaty, and rich with the addition of fried egg. When I saw the burger served to a kid before ours came out, I'd hoped he ordered a kid's size but unfortunately we got the same thing - a small, dry patty with oversized Acme bun. Did the bun get big or did the patty get small over the years? We would've been a lot happier walking to Super Duper. I really wanted a savory crepe and the waitress recommended the chicken one with traditional mustard sauce. I was hoping it would be more saucy and rich but it was more like a chicken salad filling. The mussels were good but not sure that'll be enough to keep me coming back. I was really hoping for a good neighborhood gourmet burger... not interested in an $11 quesadilla either.
Moules & frites, was I in Paris or SF? Terrific food and service in a charming setting.
Very cute place! The food is great and reasonably priced.The staff is friendly and attentive.Will definitely go back again!
Chez Maman must pride itself on authenticity, for why else would the (f) French proprietor be so hostile towards a large group of guests over a simple misunderstanding? I'm admittedly not much of a French food fan, but some friends were meeting for dinner here and I decided to join. I had the sangria (decent) and Crepe L'Oriental to eat. The crepe was fine, but not quite what was described on the menu. It was said to be accompanied by salad, but apparently a sprinkle of arugula counts for 'salad' these days. It was also supposed to contain caramelized onions, but in my book there is a BIG difference between softened onions and caramelized onions. (I'm also immediately critical of restaurants that misspell Caesar salad (Ceaser, in this case.)Maman is fine if you want mussels and wine and a French atmosphere, but I enjoy a different sort of dining experience.
It starts and ends with service here: eye contact, genuine care & advice, consistent attention.I want to come back one day for the sake of observing how different people eat their baked camembert - there has got to be a winning strategy to consume this scrumptious goodness while mining the roasted garlic, pairing it all together and forgetting about your day.People around me seemed to really enjoy their burgers btw.
Context: Saturday at noon for lunch for two. They take no reservations and the system is a bit haphazard. There is a white board hanging but you don't write your name, they do it so you have to snag someone and that can take a while, so if you want to make sure you get on the list promptly, go inside and get someone's attention.Atmosphere: very small place, maybe ten tables mostly two tops. Not a place to bring even a group of six, at least not in prime time. It is also very congested and crowded, just like French restaurants. You have to move the table to get into the banquet seating. Three tables are outside overlooking Hayes. You just wait outside until your name is called. There were five people ahead of us and it took maybe twenty minutes. They do get people in and put relatively quickly.Service: service is efficient but not particularly friendly. We were kind of waved to seats and very quickly the server was asking if we wanted coffee and back to take our orders. This place moves. Food is bought quickly and cleared quickly with multiple people working to get your food to you, your table cleared your water filled.Food: we ordered a Savoyard crepe and the croque Madame and both were quite good with the Madame winning out for flavor and less cheese. The savoyard is served win what I think was a buckwheat crepe with tiny, tiny cubes of fingerling potato (need more of these) and almost in visible pieces of cornichons (needs way more of these to cut through the very rich cheese). The cheese is raclac (sp.) I think and there is prosciutto slices. It's served with a lightly dressed pile of greens on top. The croque is a medium sized sandwich with shaved ham, draped in gruyere cheese with a sunny side up egg on top. I do not think there is any sauce on the sandwich. It's flavor is a mixture of the salty ham and salty gruyere, a very good gruyere. And it comes with large pile of lightly dressed arugula. Drinks: they have about ten wines by the glass, half of them French it seemed. We had a white pouilly fuisse and a red cotes de Rhone. Both were good, simple rustic wines that went well with the food. They are served in small wine glasses, almost filled to the top.The overall atmosphere and experience of this place is a bustling, friendly but efficient French lunch.
My boyfriend and I love Chez Maman and I felt compelled to write an excellent review after one particularly great evening there. There was, of course, a very long wait for dinner on a Tuesday night, but we were in no rush and were ready to wait. The owner/manager gentleman was more than attentive and constantly checked in with everyone waiting to make sure we were okay. What really impressed me is that when someone joined another party at the bar, taking our seats, the manager gave us a free glass of wine for waiting and was so apologetic and accommodating. The staff there clearly care a lot about their guests. Overall, it was a great meal with great service.
For a few weeks running now my weekend post-workout ritual has included the same delicious breakfast at Chez Maman West: Escargot de Bourgogne, Eggs Norvegian, and Bellini. I like to start with the escargots and their earthy, buttery goodness that I love so much! Lucky for me Super Dave only eats a couple of them so the remaining four are all mine!! (Plus, the Acme bread that they serve is perfect for sopping up the leftover herb/butter/wine sauce.)The Eggs Norvegian (which is Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon, instead of Canadian bacon) is made on a thinner English muffin, and just the right amount of hollandaise sauce, which lets the (always perfectly) poached egg and smoked salmon really take center stage. Super Dave, also a creature of habit, is a fan of their ham and gruyere omelet and always eats his plate clean. Clearly, you don't have to tell us to "Finis ton Assiette" twice!An added bonus is that their staff are friendly and proactive and on the very rare occasion that they make a mistake, they're super quick to correct it and leave you happier than you were before.I give them two big thumbs (pouces?) up!
This place is always bustling so I was surprised to find no wait during a Saturday brunch. I ordered two cocottes since the servings are small, salmon and prosciutto (basically a small bowl with a poached egg in a white cream sauce with bits of tomato in it)--delicious, very creamy (the prosciutto was the best). They forgot to give me a napkin as well as the toasted bread that comes with the cocottes, so I had to ask. Service was all right and just practical, not fantastic. It's a nice sunny spot though, very pleasant for brunch.
Came here for dinner with 7 friends on a weeknight and because this place is so small, they could barley fit us in. We were seated at a 5 top but it was worth it. The service is friendly but SLOOOWWW.We were served sliced french bread and it was beyond stale.We ordered the truffle mac and cheese and even though it seems pretty popular, i felt that it was dry, lacking seasoning and very light flavor on the truffle. They have a variety of mussels from traditional to Thai inspired. Love that!I ordered the Marinere Mussels and they were very tasty. Perfect combo of garlic, parsley, lemon and wine. I ordered it with a side of fries and aoili(additional $5). I wish it would have come with the fries but oh well. It came out to $20. I had several closed mussels(about 10) so that really deters me from wanting to come back there.my friend ordered the Provencal mussels with tomato, basil, garlic and peppers and i loved the flavor! He too had several closed mussels. :(2 people at our table got burgers and they were both overcooked and lacked flavor.My friend had the niscose salad and i thought it was pretty tasty. Good dressing, lots of tuna and yummy olives.With 3 bottles of wine and all of our meals it came out to $300. I most likely wouldn't com back here due to the pricey items and the wait. Maybe a good place for a glass of wine and appetizer.
Even though everyone raves about Chez Maman brunch, we went and tried it for dinner and LOVED it! **Tip: Getting dinner here on a busy night is pretty doable if you live in the area, walk over, put your name down, do your thing for about 45 mins and come back with your group when they give you a phone call.When we got our phone call and got there, we ended up having less people than we made a reservation for (sorry Chez Maman!) but the server was still nice. We decided to share a mac & cheese among the four of us and also got entrees of our own. While ordering, the server was super helpful in the decision-making process. I asked him if it was lame for me to get the Papito Super Burrito given everything else on the menu, and he said absolutely not, so I went with it, and it's a decision I'll never regret.*Chez Maman Mac & Cheese-- 5 stars(with shaved truffles, truffle oil, gruyere cheese)It's hard to get Mac & Cheese right, as easy as making it may seem. I've had so much bad Mac & Cheese that I now tend to refrain from ordering it, but the table wanted it and it was recommended on Yelp, so we went with it, and it was perfect! *Super Burrito-- 10 stars!!(with spanish rice, black beans, pico de gallo, monterey jack cheese, guacamole & crme fraiche)I would venture to say this is the best burrito I've ever eaten in the city of San Francisco. I was a bit nervous about ordering of all things, a burrito, at this sort of upscale french place with a very french menu, but had heard that Papito's, Chez Maman's mexican food branch, was really good and was craving a burrito. It ended up being the BEST CHOICE EVER! This $8 entree choice at a ~$15 average entree price place is also great for the slightly more cost-cosncious friend of the group too (me). The burrito came with chips and some kind of red sauce (which i didn't like too much), had a TON of flavor, was quite lime-y (so if you don't like lime-y burritos, i don't recommend), and very filling.*French Fries with Aioli-- 2.5 starsThe aioli was good, the fires were nothing special. I don't recommend getting this so that you have space in your stomach for the actual dishes. Wouldn't get it next time.Other things my non-vegetarian friends got that I didn't try, but heard about:*Les Moules-- Poulette with shallots, bacon, white wine, cream & parsley*Chez Maman Basic BurgerGiven that I didn't try these things, i don't have much to say, except that all of my friends raved about how good the bread tasted when they dipped it in the Mussel sauce. Dip for long enough that the bread soaks the sauce in. Try it!Summary of things I love about this place:1. They call you when your table is ready2. Free bread!3. French cuisine + a Papito's mexican food sub-menu4. Affordable entrees as well as expensive ones5. Great service
Good, mostly french provencal food. I say mostly because there is something a little different in the menu (Sangria maybe???). I haven't put my finger on it yet but after 2 or 3 more times of going there I'm sure I'll know. The wines by the glass are mediocre the full bottle list is more impressive. Two handsome men behind the counter and a small but cute almost brasserie style to the restaurant makes this place nice to be. Pricing is reasonable especially compared to its neighbors. Between Chez Maman and Absinthe I'll be spending more time in Hayes Valley.
I went here on a Wednesday at 6:30pm. The wait was about 20 minutes. The food was fantastic, loved the creamy fettuccine with mushrooms and the leeks/veggie gruyere quiche. The service was slow as molasses. It even took them forever to take our order. I'd come back only if I was in the neighborhood and could be seated immediately, or if I wasn't in a rush. The service was too slow for me to deal with, and it's definitely a factor holding me back.
*Finally an affordable tasty non-snotty French restaurant!*Great mussels*Awesome fries*Yummy goat cheese salad*Not authentic but nonetheless tasty merguez sausages*Good chocolate mousse although should be darker, richer...*Sangria is very good but should be served in bigger glasses for the priceI should also mention that I am French and picky and refuse to pay a lot b/c something is "French" I enjoy good quality, tasty affordable food and this is what you will find at Chez Maman. Interestingly enough they have an additional Mexican menu...at first I was suspicious but my seating neighbors said it was delicious. Maybe I'll try it some day.*Oh, I almost forgot splendid service: fast efficient and friendly.Tip: go early as they don't take reservations
We came here last Saturday for dinner - wait was only 15 mins, although this might have been because it was after 9.30. Staff is super attentive and the ambience is all dim lights and soft music...a little cramped though. Food was yummy, would recommend the salmon crepes and the cinnamon pain perdu (soo delish, not too heavy or sickly sweet) :)
Superman has kryptonite. Achilles had his heel. And I have burgers & fries. I've been to Chez Maman in Potrero Hill once and remember the visit fondly: small space, great service, delicious food. It seems like the team has used the exact same formula to recreate their Hayes Valley location.Occupying the busy corner of Hayes & Gough where Terra Cafe & Bakery used to be located, Chez Maman had a soft opening today. It just so happened to be the same day I had plans with a friend who let me convince him to check this place out.Let it be known: the restaurant is small. With a total of maybe 10 tables and an L-shaped bar, it's going to fill up fast. We got there and wrote our name on a white board out front. We waited no more than 5 minutes before being sat. The plus of a small space on a corner restaurant is there's lots of natural light from all angles and you get to know(/eavesdrop on) your neighbors well.We started with wine and the Provencale mussels (tomato concassee, basil, garlic & bell pepper). The sauce and peppers were perfect. Save all your bread for the mussels.My buddy got the fish sandwich and I got a burger with a fried egg on it. Both come on a toasted roll, grilled onions and a side of fries. I was surprised how well the egg held up. I didn't have a plate of egg fries. But now that I think about it, I should open a restaurant that sells only that. Now let's get to business. I'm pretty serious about fries and these were delicious. A little bigger than In-N-Out, but small enough to remain in the thinner fry category. The burger was large, meaty and hard to fit in my mouth (that's what he/she said). But it was cooked just how I like and I scarfed the entire thing up. Overall, very impressed that this was the first day. Friendly service, good food and a great location made for a perfect end to my quasi-drizzly Monday evening. _______PS: They've added a Mexican component to the menu but I wasn't brave enough to try it. Let me know what you think if you get a burrito there.
I personally love the Chez Maman on Potrero and decided to check this one out. The service was exceptional. They get 5 stars for service. Wine was filled and dinner was quickly served and taken away when needed. The food, however, is a different story. Here's what my party of 3 ordered:Beef tartare & dijon mustard; capers; shallots; quail egg; toast points - no flavor; a bit too raw for my taste.Brie with salad and walnuts - can't go wrong with cheeseMariniere: garlic, white wine, lemon juice & parsley - not bad.Roasted Mahi-Mahi with garlic spinach and mango cucumber vinaigrette - overcooked and the portions are tiny for what you pay for.Grilled salmon with roasted potatoes and a fines herbs crme fraiche - medium rare. If that was steak, it would be alot better but not for salmon. French fries with aioli - It's not badMargaritas - My friend order a second glass so I assume it was goodMalbec Red Wine - I would not order this wine againOverall, I rather dine at the Potrero location than Hayes.
Went there for brunch while visiting some friends in SF. The french onion soup and the croque madame were simply heavenly. I strongly recommend you try those two dishes. My gf got the regular burger, and I was not impressed despite hearing it was good. Stick with the French cuisine, the Mexican menu looks suspect as well...
We absolutely loved Chez Maman... we were starved after a Streets of San Francisco Bike Tour, so that may have contributed!Per other Yelper's recommendation(s), we started with the French Onion Soup, which was pure gooey goodness, using the very fresh french bread to mop up.On to the chicken quesadillas, which were light and tasty, and the standard burger with bacon, egg, and cheese - incredible. The frites were perfectly cooked as well.Service was impeccable and pricing was reasonable. Highly recommended!
This is my second time here. The first time, the food was good and arrived reasonably quickly (meaning in a normal amount of time). This time, we got here right as they opened at 10:30 and were sat pretty much immediately. As we ordered, our server informed us that they were out of salmon, which is really half of their menu. First warning. We changed our order, and then waited. And waited. Half an hour later and the food still hasn't arrived. Second warning. Note that we were the first people in the restaurant to place an order. Well, when the food finally arrived, it was half an hour later. Rather than apologize, the guy simply stated "the first order is always the hard one, I don't know why." If he would have added an "I'm sorry", it would have gone a long way. And of course, everyone else started getting their food right away. The food itself was...eh. Our eggs were overcooked. My dining partner's egg was supposed to be poached, but it was more or less hard boiled. I don't think we'll be going back.
This is a sad evening indeed. It all started with a fine evening out at this establishment. Great server, at least good food, and some of it great. Then, what could have been a 4 or 5 star rating turns into 1 star at best. The reason? The absolutely incredibly rude hostess. She is bad news all the way around and without her, all else would be fine with this place.
Holy burger!!Focaccia bread housed one juicy, perfectly seasoned burgers patty, all the fixings on the side, including the grilled onions. Make sure you add some avocado and maybe some eggs to it?! The waiters were soooo attentive and sweet. Kept our water filled and almost convinced us to start day dranking on a weekday! Lol so funny.
Walking around san francisco and stopped by this place for lunch. It was AMAZING! i had a burger with goat cheese and avocado, it was great! The staff was very friendly as well! Worth eating at if you are in san francisco.
One of those places that makes me wish I just heated a frozen dinner at home. I like the concept of simple dishes with few ingredients. But the quality of the ingredients were terrible. Even a simple burger was too much for them to handle. Hard to grasp why anyone would wait in line for this food...
A pleasant, classy breakfast/brunch spot in the always hopping Hayes Valley. We ate outside, so, the pedestrian view was definitely not pedestrian--the wat staff was superb, and the food was delicious.
Food, pricing and service is decent. Nothing extraordinary or special about this place.
sausage appetizer - sausage was good (lots of spices, as described), and the harissa was quite spicy--which is a good thingmussels mariniere - really good. garlic slightly raw so you still get the kick. if you get it with the fries, the aioli is SO good. steak quesadilla - good. you can ask for more guac/salsa and they'll gladly give it to you.pain perdu - omg, super amazing. I'm not usually a dessert person, but this was really, really good. luckily the waitress who took our order told us not to order too much (we wanted to order the veal as well), so we had space for this!
Sooo good!! The food is so rich and delicious. All the servers are very nice. Best part is how reasonably priced this place is for SF!
Good ambiance, lovely staff. Burgers felt a bit tiny. Would definitely come again.
this is definitely the place to go for mussels. i'm becoming more and more a fan of this place with each visit. have been here for brunch and sat outside, and also enjoy sitting at the bar for dinner. the food and wine are always great, and service is very prompt. i do, however, wish their fries were a little thicker and crispier.
Food: 3/5service: 4/5decor/cleanliness: 5/5This is only a review for their weekend brunch menu. I came here shortly after they opened and there were many free tables. But after 11:30am, a short line forms. Be sure to write your name on the whiteboard because Chez Maman does not ever take reservations. My table got several different dishes. Eggs benedict $12 (any type) is the best thing on the brunch menu. Everything else is good but very ordinary and not worth the price. All burgers here are $11, they come plain and skimpy. The idea is to build your own burger and buy toppings which costs $1.50 each. I am not paying $1.50 for a slice of cheese. The sandwiches such as paninis and croque madame all taste good and come with a small salad, but I keep thinking "I just spent $10 on a small sandwich..." You can never get a bad sandwich here, they all have good flavor and are made with a set standard. On the other hand, it will never be extraordinary. I don't think I will ever come back for brunch or lunch, the quality of food doesn't justify the prices they charge.
Really awesome. Came for brunch but discovered the full menu was available (nearly). I had French onion soup--solid--and a really good beef tartare. It was heavy on the pickly flavor but I really loved that. My fianc had a veggie quiche and it was also great. The bread and butter to start is excellent. It's a baguette. Also, the prices are excellent here. Our meal was 26 bucks.
The quiche is delicious! Really, really amazing. Very cheesy though, if that's not your thing. I really recommend trying it otherwise. Sometimes it can be a tiny bit on the cold side, but they will warm it up for you if you ask. Service is always wonderful-- great bartenders/waiters. That can be rare in this city-- thanks for always being welcoming, friendly and helpful!
This review is way overdue. I've been here three times now and love that I have to walk 5 mins to get here. Its great bistro food. I think my favorite is their mac and cheese. And they make an awesome burger!
Yum!! The baked camambert is rich, cheesy deliciousness! The fettucini carbonara made me extremely happy. I love French food in a bistro environment, so the opening of this location (with more seating) is perfect! Besides French food, they also offer tacos, quesadillas, burritos, etc.I came for a late lunch on a Friday. Getting a table was a breeze and the service was extremely friendly. I will definitely be back.
I LOVE this place! The food is really good and relatively inexpensive. The service is great. We come here at least once every couple of weeks. Also, wine is very reasonably priced. Most bottles are around $40.My favorites:Baked CamembertQuiche LorraineOrganic Greens SaladHalf Roasted Organic ChickenBanana and Nutella Crepes (dessert)
Awesome food, awesome service, great location. May have to wait a bit to be seated.
This is such a cute little place. My friend and I got here early enough that we didn't have to wait for a table, which apparently gets to be more of an issue later on, as there was a line when we left. I got the Merguez panini and my friend got the Moules Provencales with a side of brussel sprouts. Everything was fantastic - the panini was the perfect combination of crispy, chewy, and gooey with fabulous flavors, and teh brussel sprouts were really well done and nicely flavored. I can't eat shellfish, but my friend obviously liked the mussels, as she absolutely devoured them. Definitely a place I'll come back to again.
It seemed as though everyone at the place ordered either the skewers or the burger.I was very confused with the menu. French food, burgers, burritos/tacos/quesedillas??I got mussels and fries which were delish. the brother got a pork chop, also fantastic. we walked right in, sat at the bar around 7pm on a thurs.
I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner. When I came for brunch I had the burger and added goat cheese. The burgers start at $11 with all the basics and you can add your own extras to it for $1.50 each. It comes with fries or a salad so the price is normal for a burger of this quality at a non-fast food restaurant. The burger was very good and I like the bun that they used. My wife got one of their crepes, which are all priced around $10, and she really seemed to enjoy it. The bite I had made me want to have more too. You can get both of these items off their dinner menu too.For dinner I would highly suggest starting of with their mussels dishes, made in four different ways. We had the Mariniere and it was awesome. The serving is huge and a great deal for $14. I wouldn't suggest attacking these by yourself unless it is your main course or you have a huge appetite. Definitely enough to feed up to four people as a starter. I have also had their warm goat cheese salad and Mac & Cheese. I highly recommend sharing their Mac & Cheese. Gruyere, shaved truffle, truffle oil - delicious.Overall Chez Maman serves up good food and is priced well. The space is pretty small and get get crowded on weekends, and even weekdays. You may have a little bit of a wait but it is worth it. One of the best restaurants in Hayes Valley for me.
4.5 stars. All the delicious items of the original Chez Maman location -- but I found myself surprisingly not enjoying the spaciousness -- it was a bit louder of a dining atmosphere than I was looking for. Also, the steak unfortunately came out a bit colder than usual, and my boyfriend also had to send the French onion soup back bc it wasn't hot enough. Despite all of that, though -- it is still delicious, and a great spot for French food in the city.
Had dinner with a friend here, it was an good choice. Pros: Wait staff was very friendly and quick, and though tables are limited, we were seated relatively quickly. Food was tasty - mussels, fries, truffle mac & cheese, arugula and goat cheese salad. Cons: Very loud. We were in the corner by the door, and still had trouble hearing each other sometimes. Made us feel like old men. For $5, the fries were sub-par.
Came for lunch today and had a DELIGHTFUL time. Kevin T got the french onion soup, which was BOMB, and the burger. It looked real good. I had the croque monsieur and it was DELISH! A lovely little spot in Hayes Valley that I will happily return to.
Killer Sangria! Sadly, I've not tried the food. Yet, the staff was really nice to allow me to join some friends, who were already dining there and to order a Sangria to kick off the night.
Love this place. Thanks to Yelp for helping us find it - takes the risk out of finding a place to eat when you're traveling. Anyhow, Chez Maman fit the bill for casual high quality French food. All the French staples are represented on the menu so it's really difficult to order. Hmmm, should I have the escargot, the french onion soup, the croque monsieur/madame, a crepe, roast chicken, mussels, steak frites? Decisions, decisions! Our group decided to order a few different things including escargot to share and I selected the mussels mariniere and a glass of Sancerre. The escargot were delicious, served in the shell with all that garlic-parsley-butter. Yum. The French escargot-holder plier-thing was also a nice touch. The mussels were superb and were served with frites and garlic aioli - just perfect. The croque madame was decadent and over the top as you would expect, with crusty cheese and egg yolk dripping all over. The burger was savory - possibly mixed with herbes de Provence? The only disappointment was the crepe - it was filled with ham, cheese and potato and was dry. It became much more palatable after we enhanced it with garlic aioli and mussels broth. Service was appropriately French - quick and to the point.
DELICIOUS warm goat cheese and arugula salad, AMAZING burgers, and an impressively wide variety of options (mostly French, but also Mexican, and American); something for everyone. The atmosphere is laid-back and hip, but with classic French undertones. The surrounding few blocks in the Hayes Valley are a great place to walk around and explore a bit after you eat. Bon Apptit!
Four of us went to this place before attending a concert at Davis House based on the Yelp reviews. We had the regular and fish hamburgers with fries; salads and one friend had the steamed clams. The food is okay. There's nothing special about this place- it's very small so you will need to wait too long if you have a party of 4 or more. The hostess was not accommodating and not friendly. We had to sit at the bar since time was running out and the person at the bar was very friendly. I do not know what all of the 4 stars rating are all about- Barney's has better hamburgers with better service and less expensive. We would not go back nor recommend the place. too many other restaurants to choose in the city.
Most delicious mussels cooked to perfection. Have to get the fries to soak up all the goodness. The French onion soup is also to die for.
I had such an amazing experience here last night for Valentine's Day. I came with my husband and my seven-month-old baby. We hardly ever get out for dinner and this restaurant was so accommodating! It's a tight space but they put us in a nice private area and went out of their way to make sure that we were comfortable. The food itself was amazing. I love their French onion soup. My husband had the Porkchop and I had the lamb skewers. Both dishes were well cooked and delicious. Well worth the experience!
Great meal. Had the flat iron steak and salmon and roasted potatoes. All really good. A little noisy and they really pack people in. We sat at the bar and 6" behind we were a couple of guys, one with a baby strapped to him, leaning on a window shelf
What an incredibly welcome addition to the neighborhood! Stopped into Chez Maman West tonight... one day after their official soft open, and I'm already thinking about what to order next time! The energy in the restaurant was great; it was packed but we managed to score a couple of spots at the bar... Which put us super close to the great wine selection and attentive bartender, plus it afforded great views of the street for people watching! For appetizers we ordered the shrimp ceviche and grilled corn, which were incredibly flavorful and simply fantastic. As main courses we had the Veggie Monsieur sandwich and the Mussels Mariniere with frites, of course. The Veggie Monsieur was decadent and delicious, and the sauce that the mussels were served in was so good I ordered an extra basket of bread to sop it up with.Completely sumptuous meal with great energy and service. I look forward to going back, and can't wait to find out what their brunch menu holds in store!
I had the burger with goat cheese, which was very good. In particular, I enjoy that they use ciabatta bread.The staff is very friendly.
Tried Chez Maman before the symphony today for lunch. Tight little place, no reservations, but don't care, food was excellent and wait staff friendly. Their salads were delicious. There's probably nothing better than fresh greens and just the right dose of well-prepared French oil/vinegar. My salmon pannini was excellent, friend's brochette not as good. Creme Brulee and Grand Marnier crepe were excellent. Saw a lot of pots of mussels go by so they must do them well. Would expect an outstanding onion soup there too. This place is a little gem.
Amazing food. Good service. Chill music. What else a guy could want? Try the pork chop. The sauce is killer!
I am thrilled to have a Chez Maman within striking distance that has more than two tables. I find that Hayes can be just a tad bit pretentious, but Chez Maman exudes a friendly vibe that sets them apart. Love the welcomer at the door; she literally squeezed us in at the bar and then checked back in to see if we wanted to move (didn't, bar was fine). They obviously train their bartenders in how to flirt with the crowd and this guy lived up to the hype. It is very difficult for me to get past the amazing burger and try other stuff, but that's not really a bad thing. Good food, great spot, excellent staff. Cool.
This is one of the best places in the city for a (very) large bowl of moules frites / mussels with fries! My favorite is the traditional moules marinires w/ garlic, white wine, lemon juice & parsley, and a close second is the thai with lemongrass, garlic, cilantro, chili & coconut milk. I wish the fries weren't an additional $5, but one serving is more than enough for two. Try to snag one of the outside tables if it's sunny - the service is still remarkably fast!
We came here on Black Friday for a relaxing lunch. My husband had a burger and fries that was excellent. We loved the bell pepper side. I had the steak tartar that was great, except the toast was over toasted. I ate my husbands fries instead. Our 7 year old had the Mac & Cheese which I loved but I think the Truffles in it were a little to grown up for him, so he ended up finishing my husband's burger.
Great, non-ostentatious setting and meals. My friends love the burgers, I love the Nicoise. They serve great wine, beer and coffee. Friendly staff.
I am in Hayes almost 7 days a week these days... and out of all the gin joints or greasy spoons or uppity eateries worth consideration... this place is my GO-TO.Price + quality + customer service is a perfect combo. I have never had a bad experience with anything that has come my way.Add to that... their hours are perfect. So many places take a "break" between the lunch hour and the evening shift... but that "break" time is the time that I tend to eat... so the fact that I know that Chez Maman is always there... that's a great day, any day.The mussels are solid. Whatever version you get.
The pork chop!I was amazed by their pork chop over brussel sprouts with a mustard creme sauce. Ordered it medium rare and it was probably the most tender pork chop I've had (I still need to try the Nopa pork chop to compare). I'm also a sucker for anything with brussel sprouts, creme or mustard seeds so having it all in one was to die for.We also had the shrimp ceviche which was perfect as well. It was interesting to see that that they had a Mexican portion which they added from the owner's other restaurant but it definitely worked.The waitress also recommended a wine which was great.Looking forward to trying their burger and other menu items.
Maybe it was the charming host's thick French accent that threw me off because I really thought I was in a French restaurant. Yet they have Super Burritos on the menu? Curious. Then again I'm not going to overthink this. Chez Maman's menu offers French classics like crepes and ratatouille but adds a twist by throwing in burritos, paninis and North African-inspired items like merguez with harissa, too. Sure, why not?Wait time according to the very cute French host was, "Ten minoots. Maximoom." We waited a little longer than that but what did it matter? We were having a nice time. There were plenty of other people lined out the door with wine in hand to help pass the time. The French man comes out every now and then to check on the eager patrons and refill our glasses while we wait. Joie de vivre.
Perfect spot for brunch or lunch in the city! I had an excellent Eggs Norwegian (eggs benedict but with smoked salmon) and it was delicious. Decent wine selection, Brut Rose was fantastic! Small place but great food.
First time here, onion soup is perfect, definitely one of the best I had before. Mariniere mussels is great.
This is a very reasonably priced place for French food. I loved the Steak Tartare and mixed greens salad. Looking forward to trying more of the menu items at a later date. My boyfriend's burger was good but he didn't care for the roll they put it on, which I think was ciabatta. Great wine selection, superb service. I'd definitely recommend it to friends.
Review for Breakfast only:We tried their egg (any style) with add ons options for breakfast. Very reasonably priced at about $6.50 and then add ons are all extra. We tried the Lamb Merguez (lamb sausage) $1.75 but thats only one 3 in or so tiny piece of meat. Added tomatoes (3 slices) for $1.75 and goat cheese for $1.75. When we got our dishes , we were surprised at how little food there was. Maybe an egg and a half, and we asked for scrambled but they dont mix in the add ons, theyre just on the side.. and the egg was rubbery. All in all, everything separately was good but probably wouldnt come back here for breakfast. It was surprisingly mediocre.
yoooo the french onion was just aight. a french restaurant is only as good the french onion so it was just aight.but then we kept ordering because we were hungry. so we my girl got the salmon panini and i got the striped bass. and yo i gotta give props they kept the skin on the bass, which i like because all the women that have ever loved me have kept their skin on tooooooooooohahhahahahahahahha but then the salmon panini tasted like it came out of my high school cafeteria, and i went to school is new york you feel me. it was uber bland
Great service and food! Ordered: French onion soup to start, Thai mussels and basic burger with bacon and cheddar for our entree. Everything was so flavorful and the quality of food is excellent. Probably the best mussels I've had in town. Will be back soon chez Maman west.
Had a wonderful lunch here today. The servers were doing a great job of handling a busy lunch rush. Without going into too much detail, two women were trying to cut the line and when the server explained others had been waiting longer they started calling him out for not honoring some kind of secret deal to get a certain table he had made with them. Before leaving they started threatening to leave a bad yelp review about him, so I thought I'd cut these entitled people to the punch and say the server was doing his job and offered them a place to sit until they could get a table 10 minutes later.The chicken panini and mussels were great!
The steak frites and endive salad taste just as good here as on Potrero Hill! Chez Maman: near home and now near work too.
We waited an hour for our table and the wait was rewarded with a great burger - Roquefort and bacon - and crispy fries. My lovely wife enjoyed every bit of her Moules-frites and was not disappointed.We also want to give a big shout out to the waiter and I do mean the one and only waiter. Okay, this place is not large (8 counter seats and table space for 8?) but it was jumping from our 1 pm arrival until we departed fat and happy at about 3pm departure.We will return and I encourage all who have not been to give it a go and to those who haven't returned in some time to put on your jacket and head out the door right now.
Came here on a rainy afternoon with a couple of friends. It was a nice escape. Between us, we got the baked camembert which I thought was delicious. We also got the mac n cheese which was suuuper tasty. (truffles made us quite happy) We also got the veggie super burrito which was pretty good. I wasn't a fan of the chips or the salsa that came with it. But, I'd definitely go back for the mac!The nice thing was that one of my friends was on her way and took a bit of time, but they allowed us to sit at our table and order a drink while we waited for her. Overall, I think this was a good find and all of us would come back.
Sash, like being in France. French onion soup is delicious. It has a bread at the base to absorb the flavor. Lot's of cheese. Very filling. Nice to share. Cesar with anchovies is super fresh and Krispy. We had the veggie burger with blue cheese. Yummmmmmm!
This place is cozy, romantic and very friendly! They serve brunch till 3pm which is great and their menu is full of options from French onion Soup to Chicken quesadilla....many options!I was however just a bit disappointed with the escargot, it was overcooked and their burger was a bit on the dry side but nevertheless with the varieties, their delicious desert menu and great service they get 4 stars for sure!
YUMMOOO! This is one of my new favorite neighborhood joints. I went here last Saturday with a girlfriend of mine who raves about it. We started off with the guacamole and fresh tortilla chips. It was so fresh and the portion was just the right size. Then came our French onion soup. Wow! So delish and had an even balance of Gruyere, toasts and onions. Lastly we shared the mussels in white wine sauce with frites. All were so delicious and the service was fantastic. I will definitely be bringing my husband to this spot very soon. I recommend sitting outside. They have heaters and the people watching in Hayes is nice.
Awesome place! The food and atmosphere is authentic.My favorite is the poulette which I loved!Highly recommend to anyone looking for good french!
Cute little French-styled cafe on a Hayes Valley corner lacking interesting (or even distinct) qualities. The Medium Rare burger was decent, but forgettable. Locals tended to be either a mix of old-school (read: centrum silver) crowd or Asian yelpers from the South Bay trying Chez Maman for the first time.
Came here before a show and it's in a very convenient location. The waitstaff is not particularly friendly, but the food is good. I had the mushroom crepe and enjoyed it, but after looking around the table wished I'd had les moules and frites instead! The quiche was also good and the serving is ENORMOUS.
I originally came here for the mussels and fries and I keep coming back for the great service and stellar wine. Sometimes there's a bit of a wait, but tables tend to turn fairly quickly and the kitchen is quick and consistent.
This is for the Gough location...It's all new it's all aBUZZ it's groovy it's hip it's in the right area it's got great pedigrees it's still a great looking menu the servers are working really hard there's parking on the street early it's got lots of competition.Stay away so I can try it...I don't have any patience to wait for a table on a weekday nite but must go back when not busy...or maybe not.**nice looking place but will go to other location,
Food was fantastic, if not a bit over priced for the serving size. The service wasn't stellar, however. The place was quite busy but it was just the attitude of the hostess and that it took about five minutes before anyone greeted me. In that small of a place? I expect more.
Good for brunch, lunch and dinner. Can't go wrong here. Also great coffee.
We had come here on Mother's day, the 5 of us. We only had to wait 45 mins which I thought was quite reasonable for M-day. It's a tiny place, well decorated and casual. The food is priced reasonably for the quality and presentation. I had a chicken burrito that was the most flavorful burrito I ever had and I have had a few burritos in my time. It had a chipotle kick that was o so yummy. My mom had some mahi-mahi that was cooked almost perfectly that was well presented with a mango salsa. We also had some eggs benedict that was well liked. Staff was very friendly and efficient.
We just went here and I have to say that the burgers live up to the hype. The ciabatta bread buns are perfect. The French Fries are amazing and the garlic aioli is the best. There are many options for cheese and other toppings. I went with the cheddar and guacamole. Next time I think I will go with cheddar and bacon! Very good price IMHOWe also had the French Onion Soup. This was also very very good. We had to compare to the French Onion Soup across the street. Chez Maman soup wins by a landslide. Across the street could have very well come from a can. This was absolutely homemade and had lots of cheese, almost too much but I didn't send it back. Bigger cup for less too.Over all very good meal for a good price and I want to go back.
Great 'little' place, good menu, fast service, not expensive, delicious appetizers, entres, desserts. Dessert selection pretty small. Love the three types of menus.. French, burgers, Cal/Mex. Everyone is friendly...talking between tables...loved the atmosphere.
Great location, multiple vegetarian options, and a nice dessert menu. Tasty thin cut fries!
I actually love the food at Chez Maman, but they get one star because both times I've dined there, they've added more tip to my bill than I signed for on my credit card slip. That is scuzzy.
Absolutely love Chez Maman. My wife and I come here occasionally and she loves the Lamb & Veggie Brochettes. I get the Basic Burger. It is probably one of the best burgers in San Francisco. Great selection of French wines and service is always friendly.
No opinion on the French food, but I should have known better and not ordered Mexican food at a French restaurant. I got stale tortilla chips, and canned salsa. The burrito was a disappointment as well.
if you know hayes valley at all, chez maman west is exactly the type of restaurant you think would be here. it's an adorable, cozy "french" restaurant with a huge menu that includes mexican food. sounds weird, i know. on a chilly thursday night around 7 45, the little french hostess told us that the wait time for 2 people was 45 minutes because no one wanted to sit outside, and i didn't want to sit at the bar (like a brat).the spinach crepe reminded me of the one at "the butler and the chef" in south beach (which means it's good). it didn't have much flavor and tasted "healthy," if i may. but i like unadultered food and will eat spinach like most people eat potato chips, and eat tomatoes like most people eat apples.... soooooo yeah.on the other hand, the truffled mac & cheese was full of flavour. truffle oil was "so two years ago," but it's still fucking delicious. i'd order it again if there wasn't 50 million other things on the menu.
Very small place and impossible parking....but this is San Francisco. My wife saw a review of this place on a local TV show so we thought we'd give it a try.We arrived around 12 noon and got the last table, within 10 minutes the waiting line was out the door 20 deep.I had for an appetizerAssiette de Merguezspicy lamb sausage with harrissa $7I'm not usually into spicy foods and this was hot but when mixed with a bite of salad was unreal!Entree wasFlat Iron Steakwith french fries & a green peppercorn sauce $21ordered it rare and it was cooked perfect along with the french fries it was killer!all this with a bottle of chardonnay was the perfect lunch.I guess one of the biggest complements I can give this place is the night before we ate at the world famous "Restaurant Gary Danko" (their reviews speak for themselves) and I liked the food here better....seriously.
5 Stars for the sexy handsome owner5 Stars for the burger with brie and avocadoDidn't have the mussels this time but tried them on my first visit and...5 stars!My only issue is that the restaurant is super tiny so the wait can really suck sometimes.Overall, this is my favorite place for a burger in SF
Four of us ate here and we all left feeling pretty deflated. We had high hopes after reading reviews and seeing a waiting line around the block on the weekend. We went at a down time in the middle of the week. Everything was just bland. It was the least effort they could have put into it all--the service, the food, everything. BLAND. The menu is all over the place, too, which leads me to believe they aren't particularly good at any one thing. Won't be going back.
Wondering around Hayes to find a place to eat and stumbled upon Chez Maman. Ordered the Moules avec Frites (mussels and shoestring fries). It was so good. It reminded me of the time I spent in France on the Normandy coast and had this dish all the time. The mussels were cooked perfect in white wine, garlic, butter and lemon. I dipped my slices of french baguette to sop up all the great sauce. The frites were perfect with a aioli mayo (in France this what they dip fries in not ketchup). I had the cinnamon pain perdu for dessert. (thick piece of french toast pan fried in butter and cinnamon top with strawberries and a Chantilly creme and syrup. So good!I was so pleased with this meal. I definitely will go back again to try the other specialties!Chez Maman West (Hayes Valley)401 Gough St. San Francisco CA, 94102
Been here bunch of times, chez maman and chez papa. Great food, easy, good ambience, kind staff. Always been happy. Highly recommend.
Have you ever noticed that the lower score ratings are often for service issues?Chez Maman could have been a four star experience for us but the service was terrible.Around 2pm on a Saturday, we got the last available table and noted that the big table behind us was set for 14 people - about half the restaurant's space.  We shared the french onion soup as an appetizer as the large group wandered in. Soup was excellent and arrived promptly.We ordered our entrees a few minutes before the large group ordered theirs.The large group was served before us. Now, fourteen is a large group for a small kitchen. We understand that but to fill their order took over 45 minutes while we waited for our order. Still waiting, now almost an hour after ordering, we called the waiter over. We didn't yell or even speak sternly, we just asked what had happened to our food as we had ordered before the large group.He said "Well, next time you come in just tell me that you're more important than anyone else and I will put your order ahead of everyone ."Really? We did nothing to warrant that arrogant response. A simple "I'm sorry but the kitchen got backed up' would have sufficed AND tempted us to return.I will say that the manager came over to the table when he saw were were upset and did apologize. But when you have hundreds of restaurants to choose among, why would I ever come back here?
I had lunch here yesterday with my mum & aunt who were visiting from Europe and were wanting a nice informal lunch in Hayes Valley. I ordered the burger with Swiss cheese and thought it was really tasty, the side of accompanying fries were yummy and just the right portion size.Mum & Aunt ordered the camaron costeno in quesadilla and taco form (oddly we were expecting the tacos to be rigid, whereas they were more like a soft tortilla) nonetheless they enjoyed them. With a bottle of red the check came to about $80 which was ok - food is pretty good value for money.Onion soup looked delicious, and had my mum noticed the escargots on the menu she would have had them - lady beside us was eating them and said they were deliciousService - nice and unobtrusiveFood 4/5 ok value Wine - ticked all the boxes although like all European wines in California..a little pricier than they were used to at homeOverall...would go back again
This little restaurant did NOT disappoint!! Absolutely delicious. Hubby had the house mac and cheese, and I had pasta. It's VERY busy, so you might need to wait, but it's worth it! The waiters were incredibly attentive and nice - we'll definitely come again.
Food was GREAT! and service very friendly. I love the place and the atmosphere; I think it's the perfect new addition to this neighborhood. I Went there with friends: We had the veal, the mussels, the hachis parmentier, steak tartare and of course tons of crispy excellent french fries with the aioli sauce. Aaahhhh delightful : )Of course we had to try the dessert and they were pretty good well. 5 stars for the crepes and french toasts. Price are pretty reasonable too.
Great little spot with wonderfully friendly people and tasty morsels that are just right!
Great food at a reasonable price! The restaurant is very small and doesn't take reservations. That's my only hesitancy with going there. They menu items that range from cheap to pricy depending on the what you're wanting to spend. The staff is truly and honestly French too...how fun!
I had their burger and was very disappointed. Seriously if you go to Red Robin you will get a better burger. Their onion soup was just ok.
My bf and I are a big fan! we've been the chez papa and maman in pretreo hill as well!Great date spot and catch up with friends spot. French onion soup- bomb diggityMariniere mussels- delish!Basic burger + blue cheese + bacon + fries- blue cheese was too strong but def tasty! i also asked for it medium rare and got medium. of course the fries were super tasty!Pork chops- really good!We would love to try the sweet crepes next time. Came here on a Thursday late night. About a 10 min wait so not too bad.
I came with my bf recently, we dropped in and sat at the bar. We had the escargot starter, I had salmon with little potatoes and creme fraiche, and my bf had mac and cheese (gruyere). We both really liked the escargots (my bf was trying them for the first time), my salmon was great, and the mac and cheese was also very good, though very filling (it was a pretty large serving of it). A woman who sat next to me ordered the Savoyarde crepe dish and I want to order that the next time I come. We left very happy with our meal and our experience. I'll be happy to return.
Arugula salad with goat cheese was fantastic! Well balanced. I also shared endive salad with my wife that was excellent. Bright and open. Great spot for brunch especially when is dark and cloudy in SF. Friendly staff. We sat at the bar and enjoyed our late brunch!
Great burger...but a can of Diet Coke was $3.00?!?
The food is absolutely delicious and the ambiance is great. The french onion soup and the burgers are amazing! The downside is being closer to the person at the table next to you than the person you are eating with.
Great casual spot with some tasty and flavorful food. Shared a few apps and a nice bowl of mussels...oh so good. They also have a nice selection of beer & wine. The place is on the small size so you may have to wait a bit, but it's well worth it.
Really excellent for a small price tag. I'm a big fan of the Potrero Hill location. This one isn't quite as good, BUT it is easier to get into, closer to me, and has Mexican food! Yes, French and Mexican choices, BUT VERY tasty Mexican done right. Try the guacamole. For french, the crepes or mussels. But it isn't the same as watching them make it over the counter like in the other location. One of my favorite spots, and open till 11pm on weekdays!!!
the four of us came here on a sunday night and the wait was about an hour. or more. we went next door to grab some drinks and she called us to let us know we could be seated in 20 min. it was about 30 minutes but we didnt mind it so much.the menu had parts from the chez maman in portrero and also from papito (their other mexican restaurant in portrero) kind of an odd mix but it is variety. our server explained that since the kitchen was big enough to accommodate they thought why not. all in all chez maman is a more casual place than chez papa. the food is equally as good.we all shared the moules en mariniere or mussels with garlic, white wine, lemon, parsely. delicious! i then had the crepe savoyarde which is a buckwheat crepe with tomatoes, brie, and proscuitto. really good as well!for dessert we all shared the pain perdu and it was perfect! the cinnamon french toast was custardy on the inside and crispy on the outside. the berries were perfect with it
Great romantic date spot. The mussels are...to...die...for. Go for the Provencale - they taste like pizza!! Also delicious is the Nicoise salad - so good - even with canned tuna! Pair those two dishes with a bottle of white and you are set.
Bread and mushroom sauce was divine, but the rest was hit and miss. One of the Escargots did not cooperate to come out, and tasted bad. We also had Nioise salad with seared tuna, which was drained in the dressing, and veal with white wine/ mushroom sauce. Unfortunately veal was cooked to the death. Ambience was good, but I do not think I will go back.
Just right. Steak Frites, Mussels, Burgers. Just right.
Date and I came in at like 10-10:30, I think they were almost closing, but were very welcoming! We just left the ballet. I remember the wine being great, and whatever salad I got, as well. Unfortunately, this is a wasted review, because I was pretty wasted myself that night and can't remember what we ate. I just wanted to rate it and say the service was great :)
Delicious brunch! We sat outside on a sunny weekend morning...felt like we were at a little cafe somewhere in euroland. Salmon and dill crepe was great! Light and tasty and perfect portion size. Service was good if a little inconsistent. It wouldn't prevent me from coming back to try dinner.
Great service and good food!
This is such a cute place, but it's small and they don't take reservations so it's a challenge to actually find a table. Fortunately, there isn't a wait to sit outside where they have three tables all with heated lamps above, but of course if it's freezing outside the heated lamps won't be sufficient. On my first visit I sat outside with my friend; we ordered their Cotes du Rhone wine which was very good and reasonably priced as well, we shared the baked camembert with roasted garlic and toast points for an appetizer- the cheese and garlic were great, but I didn't love the toasted points so I ate the baguette they serve instead. For an entree I ordered theNicoise salad which is my favorites salad -ever- and I've had some pretty great versions, but this wasn't one of my favorites. I thought it tasted like it had a bit of mayonnaise and I hate mayonnaise, I also found it to be a bit too salty. Despite my lackluster salad I would definitely visit again because the wine, the appetizer and the service were great, I'll just order something different next time.
This is a great alternative to Chez Maman in Potrero Hill; we had been here a number of times and enjoyed it very much.  they have a good wine selection, and of course a fantastic hamburger.
You can work up quite an appetite window shopping on Hayes, and with all the delicious restaurants around you might not know where to stop. We tried Chez Maman for this very purpose and were pleased with the choice. We started off with a bottle of house red, recommended by the waiter, and soon felt right at home. To the displeasure of our vegetarian dinner guests, we devoured the steak frites. Too bad the fries tasted like frozen Ore-Ida. If they changed their fries, they' be 4 stars.
Love the mussels mariniere and the french onion soup! I've been many times and always love the food!
Last night I went to the opening of Chez Maman. It was very busy and we didn't have reservations so they sat us at the bar until a table was ready. They even offered us a glass of wine while waiting. Within 10 minutes we got a window table. Immediately our waitress took our order and voila the food arrived.I had a delicious glass of white Sancerre along with an amazing Ceasar salad ( the BEST I've had in ages). Then the main course came. It was Mahi Mahi with mango salsa served over garlic spinach. Wow!My date had lamb skewers with also merguez sausage that was to die for plus a warm goat cheese salad.Not only was the food delicious but the service was out of this world. Judging by our experience and looking around at everyone else's food, Chez Maman is going to be a big hit!
a very long over-due review, but it doesn't deter from the fact that i'm really excited to have this fabulous gem in hayes valley! i've eaten here a few times now, and they never disappoint.i love their french onion soup...possibly the best i've ever had! i've also had the veal and pork chop - both excellent choices! i'm really dying to try the mac & cheese...BUT, i think i need to schedule some major cardio sessions first! it's a very small place, yet cozy and comfortable. no reso's here, so be prepared to wait a little bit for a table - so far, the longest i've waited is 30 mins.the staff overall is very friendly, but i have to give a shout-out to one of the hostesses...unfortunately, i don't know her name (burnette, shoulder-length hair). my first visit was probably enhanced even more because of her - she may just be the best hostess around!! she was so attentive, and very accommodating on getting my friend and me in!
Salad was overdressed. Burger was good. Perfect place to stop for an early bite before the symphony.
Been here a few times now and it is just as good as the one in Potrero Hill. In my opinion they make the best burger in San Francisco. The burger itself is seasoned to perfection and all the toppings you can add really make it great. This place can get crowded. The french bread they have is amazing. They also have one of my favorite beers on tap. A Pyramid Hefeweizen with the Basic Burger here is a match made in heaven. I still haven't tried their Mexican food but I might give that a shot next time.
This review is mostly for service, but lunch food was delicious too. I work down the street from Chez Maman and am 9.5 months pregnant. A friend and I put our name in for lunch last Friday with only two parties ahead of us. The host, although I'm sure he's more than a host continually checked in with me to make sure I was ok standing and offered a chair for me to sit while we waited (although appreciated, I was fine to stand). After a bit longer wait than he expected, he came over to tell us the table was taking longer than expected and there were seats a the bar if I was comfortable. When I said yes (I was totally comfortable), he insisted I take the seat that has a support beam close behind the stool, so I could 'lean back if I needed support." I have to admit I was sort've floored by the care and concern he took with me. Once seated (and completely content) another server came over to offer us a table seat if we wanted to move from the bar (we were totally fine at the bar). Anyway -- the point is I felt completely cared for and a priority for the employees at this restaurant. Sometimes being pregnant can feel like another thing people on the bus or servers have to deal with -- like I'm asking for special treatment. This was definitely not the case at Chez Maman - They made me feel wonderful. The food was great as well, salmon sandwich and tomato/brie/prosciutto sandwich (shared) were delicious. The bar counter server couldn't have been more pleasant, to. Although maternity leave starts soon, I will definitely make an effort when I'm back to work to eat here regularly. I want places like this to get my business.
Chez Maman West is a great addition to the Hayes Valley area. My wife and I attend the opera and other events in the area and look for reasonable priced casual atmosphere eating places convenient to the Opera House. Chez Maman definitely meets that criteria. Their service is excellent as is their food. French bistro menu and atmosphere with Mexican choices and burgers. Beer and wine to compliment their excellent cuisine. Small place so late lunches and early dinners are best bets for no wait seating. We have had the fish tacos and chicken crepes and highly recommend both.Dick F.Santa Rosa
mmmm mmmmm mmmmmm. If you can get in early, its your go-to spot for a meal before the opera or symphony or what... the difference between arriving before or after 6 pm on performance night can be the deal breaker. Food tasty, prices ok for Hayes ghetto, and, what snot to like about french food?Could be a nice date night too - not quite the intimate "huddle over little candle" atmosphere, but fun and cozy for your 'date night'
The food in this place its good, the menu very interesting. I have been here a couple of times and i was happy to come back. Long story short last time i try to go in they put our name on the waiting list and ask for my phone # to call me when my table was ready ( waiting time about 30 min they say) so I go a cross the street to christopher elbow to get some chocolat and kill some time, about 10 min. Later i get a call and by the time i crossed the street ( about a min maybe) the hostess tells me that my table has been given to anothe chstumer and i had to wait for the next one. End point: good food. not so good service
We walked in here on a Friday night and were lucky to get a table for two pretty much right away. Very friendly hostess and nice staff. The food was amazing! I had a burger with egg and avocado. The egg was cooked perfectly and gooed with style. Also a nice range of entres from $8-$30ish bucks. My only complaint is our wait staff had ADD. We went through around 5 waiters during the course of our meal and had to ask if we could order our mains. Don't you want to take our order? Strange. But overall satisfied.
We followed zagat review (25 points! Super high!) for a casual dinner after SF symphony concert. They have a quite a large menu of French bistro food and beyond (Mexician too). The mussels are very fresh and cooked perfectly. They offered four choices of mussel soup, including the traditional white wine, garlic, butter sauce. My friend ordered the famous burger, which was delicious. Love their French fries. Very thin. The onion soup is cooked perfectly too. But I would ask for less cheese next time. The service was very good. Waiters are all very welcoming efficient and fun to talk to. They gave some food in bags to homeless people in the street at very late during the night. They have a good heart. I will definitely go back and have some other traditional French bistro entrees next time.
Best steak tartare I've had in the U.S. (and trust me, I've been on the hunt ever since I moved back from Paris). It has the cozy atmosphere of a Parisian cafe, and the food is authentic. Steak tartare with a glass of Cotes du Rhone.... heavenly. A French spot with great food, and many French patrons really creates the atmosphere I miss so much.
A French place with a Mexican menu? How fun!I've been to Chez Maman about a half dozen times and have been really pleased with each experience.Wine List- Reasonable mark-ups on bottles with some quality choices strewn in there. The Chinon listed- 100% Cab Franc is probably the best value on the list. (I am speaking as someone that works in the industry).Things I've tried and have completely enjoyed while there.Hachis Parmentier- perfectly seasoned and such a comfort food for me. It's very heavy so be prepared to waddle out after you are done!Truffle Mac -n- Cheese- Pipping hot and just the right amount of truffle. Very decadent, so I recommend splitting it with another person!Fettucini was delicious. The sauce was rich and creamy, but didn't feel too heavy. The portion was huge!Burger- I tried the basic burger with only cheddar added. The burger itself can get REALLY pricey, but if you keep it simple it's great. The meat is perfectly season and really moist. The only thing that I wasn't estatic about was the bread it came on. Felt a bit dry and chewy.Creme Brule was insanely delcious. Some of the best I've had in this city. Chocolate mousse was also great. Light and fluffy!Slid in there for a weekend lunch, so I took a peak at the brunch menu and thought the prices looked pretty good! (Except the omlettes seemed extraodinarily high).The burrito was the only thing I was disappointed in so far and that was because it was so moist inside. It was like a tortilla wrapped around a pool of salsa and avocado puree with shrimp swimming inside. Flavors were right, but it wasn't pleasant to eat.Service is usually phenomenal and the ambiance makes it a really romantic date spot.
One of the creperies in SF in my opinion. The menu is not loaded so it's easy to pick and everything looks delicious. I had a crepe with raclette cheese and prosciutto and it was extremely tasty. The restaurant is super casual, nothing fancy, good place to go with friends. I sat at the bar, our waitress was ok, not the best. She had the bill ready before we even finished our meal. But other waiters were very attentive and nice. Overall good experience! loved the food!
Great place. Went there for the first time tonight and had the fish burger (salmon) with goat cheese. Prices are reasonable and you get delicious baguette bread and butter to start with. I look forward to going back and trying more.
This is a nice little spot. We had the salmon crepe and the Marinere Les Moules which was really good. I'm a huge fan of mussels so I really enjoyed this place. Their creme brulee is absolutely divine! This spot is also walking distance from the opera house and the symphony hall so its convenient to get dinner here before a show as well.
Great menu and like the new Hayes location. Small restaurant so expect a wait. Sangria is fab if you like it not sweet and a little tart (only 6 bucks). I liked that there was a mix of french and Mexican food on the menu. The french fries were perfect!
This is a cozy, small French-style eatery. They don't accept reservations, so on weekends you need to be ready to wait in long lines if you want to have a meal before going to the symphony, opera, or other civic center events. The food is a hit-or-miss. I love to it muscles. Sometimes this dish is very fresh and made to order, and the dish is sublime. Other times, the muscles taste like they've been generically steamed beforehand, and then re-steamed again with the particular sauce I've ordered, and the dish is a bit gummy. The French menu is well thought - like an urban street corner petite bistro in France. As for the execution, see above.The Mexican part of the menu seems like it has been slapped onto the French part. It just doesn't belong. Their brunch is delicious! Though if you wish to eat brunch before a civic center matinee, be prepared for the lines. It sure worth the wait.The service is very friendly.Parking is very difficult. Either go to the city parking lot near city hall, or pay the inflated prices of the Hayes Valley garages.
Meh. I'll probably end up loving this place, but I definitely ordered the wrong thing.+ I think they get points for offering the Chez Maman menu with parts of the Papito menu, but I'm still slightly confused ("beef tartare with your quesedilla, Senor Pierre?")+ Mussels (moules mariniere) were not awesome. The sauce was unexpectedly creamy in a bad way, the garlic and shallots were overly plentiful, fairly raw, and not blended into the sauce at all. I can make way better mussels at home.+ Beef Tartare w/dijon mustard; capers; shallots; quail egg; toast points was very tasty.+ The French dude taking our table's order - who actually seemed great otherwise - kept incorrectly correcting our pronunciation of "mariniere", which was annoying. I'm not sure where he was from, but I was raised in a French-speaking country and, having lived in Paris and Geneva, I'm going to continue with my old ways. I probably wouldn't have been irked by something so petty if I wasn't so hungry, but there you have it!I'm a big fan of Chez Papa Bistro and Chez Maman in Potrero and a slightly lesser fan of Chez Papa (its ok), so I'll be back to West.
I went for the burger and somewhat regret it. Parsley was mixed into the burger meat which is too strong for a burger as it overpowered the meat flavor (it would be fine if it were a meatball sandwich). The bun was a thick artisan bread and once toasted it was an effort to bite through it. Kronenbourg1664 on tap is a big plus.
I have a new favorite place to go pre-opera! Chez Maman is so fantastic! Friendly, FRENCH staff who are knowledgable and nice and really take good care of you. The food is straight out of a Parisian Bistro. I loved everything I ate and the wine was very good and affordable too. Will definitely go back! It does get super busy so the key is to get there early. It is small!!
Anyone expecting the quality of Gamine (same owners as the Fillmore District bistro) will be disappointed. The food is inferior - lacking seasoning and salt on most dishes. We had the Mac and cheese with truffle oil - zero flavor. The carbonara pasta - zero flavor. The mussels were ok - though they don't offer the best version of the dish that Gamine does (Harissa and mergiuez sausage!) and would not reproduce it for us. Even the baked Camembert appetizer was blah. Overall, this was a sub-par experience that is not worth a repeat visit.
Get extra bread to sop up the delish wine & mushroom sauce accompanying the veal. The French fries are gooooood!
Came here one afternoon on a weekend, we were too late for proper brunch but the lunch menu had enough for us to create something similar. Had the crouque madam which was creamy delicious goodness and the marguez panini that was also very tasty even though not at all spicy. The highlight of the meal was the amazing cinnamon pan perdu for desert, maybe the greatest piece of fried bread i had in the city, a must! They get a star deducted because the place can be a bit cramped, we were practically sharing a table with the couple next to us and because they use a premade mix for their bloody mary. Food is excellent, will def. try and come back for dinner.
This is a great place for dinner before seeing a show in one of the theaters in San Francisco! I had the merguez (sausage) sandwich and it was delicious! The atmosphere is perfect too, if a bit small.Try the sangria!!
Delicious! Warm and cozy atmosphere, amazing food. I can't believe I've never made it over here in the time I've been an SF denizen, but better late than never! We showed up on a Saturday evening (four of us) and there was about a 15-20 minute wait, so we stood outside at a table and had drinks. Once we were seated, we ordered lots of fries and I (as I so often do) ordered a chicken sandwich ($11, also served with fries). However(!), two of my dining companions ordered the hachis Parmentier ($14; similar to shepherd's pie), and was SO good that I have already been counting down the days to go back and order it myself. I don't even normally like or eat shepherd's pie, so I never would have thought to order it myself, but this was phenomenal: melted cheese, perfect mashed potatoes and beef with a hint of spice -- perfect for a chilly evening. None of us had room for dessert, but I will definitely be back. The service was friendly and polite, and I couldn't have had a better experience. A la prochaine!
I've had several dinners at both Chez Maman on 18th and loved the food. Hayes Street is close to where I luve, so a friend and I tried this venue today, and I was really disappointed. I ordered the hamburger medium rare. It was dry and closer to well done. The waiter asked me how my food was, and I said not good. He started to walk away and I asked if he would like to know the reason why, but he said no because he knew I was kidding.The service is good. My luncheon companion ordered a tuna panini, and it was light and delicious.Just don't order the hamburger.
The place is in a cool location, and the restaurant looks nice, and it is one of the most money friendly (cheaper) in comparison to other places in the area, but the food isn't that impressive. I got a dinner crepe and it just tasted funny. Maybe I just don't like dinner crepes, but it's supposed to be a French restaurant and I guess their best dish is the burger? So go there if you want a burger I guess!
This was a very pleasurable dining experience. I went on a Sunday evening at 8:00, no reservations, and was seated with my friend right away. The atmosphere is warm, cozy, and inviting. As were the wait staff. They checked on us quite a bit, gave us time when needed, refilled water, etc. The wine selection was thoughtfully composed. (I enjoyed the pinot noir glass, my friend enjoyed his burgundy). We weren't that hungry so we just ordered appetizers, but they were unique and satisfying. I recommend the mix salad: It was not overdressed, and had a refreshing flavor combination that I've not had at an S.F. restaurant before. Overall, it's a very inviting place to enjoy some wine and food in an otherwise overpriced Hayes Valley. Certainly, it's hard to distinguish whether the restaurant or the company defines the number of stars awarded in these Yelp reviews. But Chez Maman's inviting atmosphere facilitates great conversation and an enjoyable night out, so I'm very happy to give the ranking the benefit of the doubt!
Great burger, great service and an excellent value. Went after an afternoon at the opera and got in just in time.
Went for dinner on a Sunday and was seated right away (yay!). I ordered the steak frites; the steak was more medium-well than medium-rare, but it was still tasty--not a big deal in my opinion. Unfortunately it's hard to deny that the frites were some kind of frozen Ore-Ida nonsense (or some crinkle cut fries just magically appeared out of nowhere in the mix) which made me kind of sad. Nice to have Chez Maman in the neighborhood, though. I look forward to trying some of their other options.
i really enjoyed this place!! best onion soup ever!! this will definitely be one of my stop by places when im in the city
Tiny place, but such good food! The menu is a bit eclectic, with French, Mexican, and American food all on one menu, but I've been hearing great things about their burgers and burritos too, so there you go. When I went, I ordered the moules mariniere with fries. They were perfectly cooked with just the right amount of seasoning and it even came with a cute little fork! Coworker ordered the complete crepe, which has ham and cheese in it, and from the one bite I stole while she wasn't looking, that was pretty good too. Definitely coming back here to try the other things on the menu (and also to check out the waiter that looks like Cristiano Ronaldo).
As good as a Brasserie Parisienne. French wine just a bit cheap, I would have preferred a better choice, even in Californian wine that would have better fit with the Americanized French food. Nevertheless, it's definitely a good place to eat.
Loved the food. Had the Moules (provencales) and the lamb and veggie skewers as the main course. Yum! Cute ambiance. They don't take reservations apparently. And the staff is mostly French. Bon appetit!
I have anticipated this moment for a very long time! Finally, a Chez Maman in my neighborhood. I have been going here almost every other day since it's opened, and let me tell you, I'm a happy clam every single time. I have been going to their original location in Potrero hill for quite some years now and have grown addicted to their unpretentious out-of-this-world delicious food. Since they just opened this location, I've come to this little charming place, I'm never disappointed. Again, with such a brand new location, they still manage to deliver a solid 5-stars menu & service. I love this place!
Yum! I had a fish burger here the other day for dinner and it was superb. It came with the tastiest fries. I ordered a margarita and it was splendid. My friend ordered the half chicken with the garlic mashed potatoes which I had to dip my fork into for a taste. They were delicious. When I left, I knew I would be returning to this place again and again. The service was excellent with two men taking turns returning to the table to make sure we had enough water and to bring whatever else we may have requested.
Oysters at the bar with bread and some beer. You don't need anything else except for dessert. Small but a good place finally on that corner.
Big Thanks to the owner(s) and chef(s) for having an authentic nicoise salad for such a long time. Chez Maman's version was my very favorite salad of all time -- transported me back to France every time I ordered it. Unfortunately, the unschooled palates of some customers objected to the canned tuna in the nicoise (AUTHENTIC) and so now it's grilled tuna and it's not mixed up and it's not the same. Too bad. (Meaning too bad that people who objected to the AUTHENTIC nicoise didn't take their unschooled palates to Denny's or Ihop instead of ruining my beloved nicoise at Chez Maman.)
I have never been treated more rudely coming into a restaurant in my life. We walked in last night. There were 4 seats at the bar. I stopped to get cash at their cash machine in the door and my partner walked in to take two of the seats at the bar. when I walked in less than 2 minutes later, I could see he was having a discussion with the hostess. She was having some sort of discussion with him because she was saying he couldn't sit down until his party was complete. He pointed to me as I walked up and asked whether he should stand up and now sit down again as I was now there. She made some rude comment I could not hear, so I asked her why she was giving us so much attitude. I explained that I was using THEIR ATM and paying THEM $2.50 to get money out of it and what was the problem with him sitting down before me. She said "I'm French I always have attitude." I was shocked. Rather than apologizing for her being rude to him, she explained that's how I should expect to be treated by her. So, I asked again, "I don't understand. What exactly is the problem and why are you giving us so much attitude." She again said, "I'm French. This is the way I am. Of course, I have attitude." Again, completely floored that a hostess at a restaurant would instead of wanting to welcome a paying customer would tell that customer to expect to be treated rudely. She then came around the bar and started to get in our face to again try to be rude. We got up and left. Never again. Don't go here.
Niciose salad and cheers to Adam
Great place to have dinner in San Francisco. Service, food both were excellent.
Nice little neighborhood place. A go to when you you want good food at a reasonable price in a nice and cleaning setting. Service was perfect. The wine list is just right. Salade nioise and flank steak were excellent. Not noisy at all, so you can have a nice conversation with your date or friends. There is kid friendly food. Portions are large enough so you ask for a doggy bag. We got a table, but sitting at the counter seemed kind of cool too. I'll be back! It's a sure thing.
incroyable ! i've been for dinner twice in the past month and would give both visits 5 stars, hands down. the ambiance is very cute, it's a small, bistro-style room with some outside tables. the staff is friendly and humored my mom "speaking french". though i know they can get pretty crowded (i came for lunch one time a few months back), there's a sign-up outside the door and it seemed to move pretty quicky. when i went with my gparents around 5pm for an early din, there was no wait.the food is amazingly tasty and well-prepared. there's plenty to choose from - even a mexican menu! my grandfather tried the taco platter with one carne asada and one camarones and was very happy with both. the rest of us stuck to the french fare. my dad is now obsessed with the frisee salad served with a poached eggs and lardon (lyonnais style). the mussels "poulette" are to die for - garlicky, creamy, savory, fresh and a good deal at $14 for a big portion. we also liked: french onion soup, croque monsieur, fettuccine carbonara (served they way i've seen in france, with an egg yoke on top). i've had a raclette crepe and thought it could have used a little more filling but i tend to like sweet crepes better anyways and their dessert crepes were def yummy. the wine list is also reasonable. we enjoyed a bottle of the pinot blanc for $29 and found it went perfectly with our meal. i could go on and on, but go try it for yourself! a great way to get quality french food without breaking the bank. chez maman, je t'aime !
I had lunch here with a friend. We ordered the Thai mussels, ceviche, and vegetarian crepe. Everything was fine, nothing was exceptional. The ceviche was made with whole shrimp, tomato and mango, which was unusual. The space is cute. Service was solid - attentive and friendly. I'd go back to try other things on the menu mainly because it's new and in a cute spot, but again, food was just so-so.
I ate at Chez Maman West again last Thursday and this was my third time there. Merguez appetizer, endive salad as it was late late to be eating - and esvery bit as good as the original location in Potrero. Which means great food!More spacious, and more seats - this location has more servers, bartender and you are well looked after. I found no problem parking on the street, and my overall experience was really nice.Looking back through some of the bad ratings, I see one guy complaining that the meat in the Beef Tartare was too rare --- Duh! Another person described the place as having seating for 8 - so I am not even sure he was in the same restaurant as me...Let's keep these ratings objective : Food great - flavour and freshness is on the mark. Service - prompt and attentive, food is out without a delay. Wait for table - it is really popular so there is a wait sometimes, but I have not had to wait more than 10 minutes.
New addition to the neighborhood. Great variety of food. From Mexican to Burger and Panini. Good selection of wines and beers. I had the carne asada quesadilla. The best carne asada I have ever had.Good service and courteous people.
Yes, the burger is as good as they say. But I was more than impressed with the quesadilla and carne asada tacos. Good wine selection. Ideal local bar and eatery for those nights when I can't be bothered cooking and want a small but lively and friendly place.
We had been hearing about Chez Maman for ages and were pleased to see this new location which is so much more convenient for us.I don't right many reviews but was moved to write one this time because our experience was not as expected.The good:We were very lucky to be seated after only a twenty minute wait because, for those who don't know, it is a very small dining room and they do not take reservations. You write your name on the chalkboard at the door upon arrival and wait to be called.The service was very good. The servers were pleasant and efficient, and almost flawless, especially considering how the places buzzes with activity.The food, however, really let us down.First the good stuff:The salad was good. Fresh ingredients, perfectly dressed with a housemade dressing. I liked the french fries. They were also fresh and perfectly cooked.However, the mussels were okay but not anything special. And the veal was dry and doused in a heavy excessively rich cream sauce....absolutely nothing delicate about it. It left me cold.Maybe the kitchen had a bad day but for a restaurant with this reputation, I expect it to be consistent in it's performance.I was also let down by the menu. I expected a french bistro menu, like the Chez Maman on Portrero. Not quesadilla and burritos. I would like to try the Chez Maman on Potrero Hill, but I can't imagine we will return to this location.
Although the fires (with aioli) were just fine the Caesar Salad was truly a joke. Chopped romaine, which is scary enough, flavorless dressing...no croutons, no fresh, parm, no fresh pepper and topped with two scary anchovies that looked seriously old. By far the worst Caesar I have ever had. And it was $10! Shame on the Chez Papa Group.
Came in for pre-opera dinner for two. Disappointed. Poor service. Disregarded our time requirement. Had to ask for check THREE times. Waitress uninformed about basic information for menu items. Overall, she seemed entirely disinterested. For rxample, "Is the fish fresh and not frozen," I asked. Response, "I don't know, probably." She begrudgingly found out for me. My lamb kebab was not very tasty and very oily. My friends salmon was just average. Most disappointing were the desserts. the chocolate mousse had no real flavor. The crme brle was very lumpy. All in all I won't be going back.
We went there for brunch on Sunday. The menu was very rich and included items from crepes, burgers, paninis, salads to omelettes and huevos rancheros. We decided to try different dishes and share. Smoked salmon panini was delicious. Complete Crepe was prepared to perfection. Warm goat cheese salad was my favorite. We ended our brunch with berries and creme fraiche crepe- it was so good. Importantly, good food was paired with attentive and friendly service. Great spot... I'll back to Chez Maman Hayes for brunch, lunch and dinner.
um...i don't know what the hype about this place is. the food is very whatever. bf got the veggie burger and i got the smoked salmon panini--both were below average and we were very unsatisfied. the restaurant itself is tiny and the complimentary bread was stale. definitely wouldn't recommend this place nor would i come again.
Probably a 3.5 star for the neighborhood. Ate at the counter, service was attentive and the locals are friendly. The quiche was pretty good, but the L' orientale crepe was boring, almost flavorless. Needed a quick bite on a different day, but the wait was too long. Maybe the crepe was just a weak dish.
Went to dinner with a friend and decided to try Escargot for the first time. Glad I did it here, it was amazing. We got seated pretty fast luckily for us a group was taken off the wait list and the hostess said would be couple minutes. I had the potato, cheese and prosciutto crepe which was good. I will say the last French dinner crepe I had years ago I cannot find here in SF but maybe one day, it was more crispy and less spongy than a dessert crepe. I also liked that I never felt rushed even though the place was pretty full. I am taking one star away not from the service but the place could use some acoustical work. I had trouble hearing my friend talk due to the noise, I've noticed this problem in many restaurants. I just don't want to hear my neighbors conversation and have to be talking pretty loud to hear my friend across the table. Also they don't take AMEX and that's the only card I had, so used my bank card which was pretty low since I just paid all my bills off. Definitely recommend this place though love the variety of food between French, Mexican and American, you can't go wrong.
I used to love going to Chez Maman in Potrero Hill although I didn't get over there frequently. But I remember a small place with a simple menu. The burgers and fries were delicious. So I was very excited to try the new location in my 'hood. I was disappointed however. On my first visit I had the nicoise which I thought was disappointing. While I love canned tuna at home, i don't really enjoy paying for it at a restaurant. I prefer a nicoise with fresh seared tuna. The salad was also overdressed so it was somewhat wilted. It's amazing what just a bit too much dressing will do to your salad. I did enjoy the mussels very much and the wine selection is good. Their fries are also good. But the rest of the menu is just a mess. It's all over the place. What's with the Mexican food? Why not stick to a nice modest selection of typical French food and focus on making those dishes well. I plan to go back to try the crepes which I've heard are good. But I don't know if this will be a regular spot for me. I just wasn't that impressed. I'm hoping this place will shift their focus and do what they do best.
Loved the variety on the menu, service was top notch, prices were great. I will definitely be back!
I had eggs benedict and was quite disappointed! I think it's really hard to find a good hollandaise sauce in SF.
good french country food
the best burger i have had in san francisco so far or maybe ever... to each his own.......................................................!
