excellent burrito. wow5/7delicious food for me. delicious food for you would eat el farolito again
Al Pastor Super Burrito has certainly changed my perspective of El Farolito. The pork flavor really shined through and brought a great sense of comfort. I hear the chicken is even better so I will definitely be back to give that a shot as well. Portions continue to be massive and great for the price in comparison to La Taqueria My only gripe is that they don't spread the ingredients evenly across the burrito Overall ThoughtsSee you soon El Farolito!
A 4 star experience when drunk, and a 2 star sober experience.Tried the carne asada and the chicken tacos both times. Maybe I should try their burrito next time, when drunk.
Was recommended to me by a friend and I was pleasantly surprised. Got a steak super burrito and lengua tacos. It came with a free order of chips. Workers were friendly and my food came quickly. Burrito: around $10, I fucked up and asked for steak when I actually wanted carne asada - steak = thin slivers of dry tasteless meats, extremely greasy rice, a few slices of avocado, and an abundance of pinto beans and sour cream. Good enough but didn't wow. 3/5.Lengua tacos: filled to the brim with meat, juicy and perfectly cooked!!! Way better than the burrito. The best lengua I've had so far!!! 5/5Overall it's a solid spot, tables are pretty gnarly but the salsa bar and tacos made up for it. Spanish jukebox slightly grungy with lots of different kinds of people all there to enjoy the food. Right across from 24th st bart so super convenient to get to, also next to Mission Pie for dessert, yum!
I grew up in San Francisco and when I first had this, I was thinking to myself, where have you been all my life. Probably because I don't hang out in the Mission too often. WOW it was amazing. I got their **SUPER BURRITO with Carne Asada. It's FREAKEN amazing! So much flavor. Made with soft flour tortilla prepared with rice beans (I ALWAYS say without, extra rice instead), fresh, tomato, onion, cilantro, salsa, cheese sour cream and avocado. It was 2am when I had it the first time. But I went back during the day and it was still as DELICIOUS as I remember! The only bad thing is that its pretty dirty, I mean that homeless comes in and out. I just take it and go. Fast services. Eat it somewhere else.
There wasn't a wow factor for me when I ate it here, but I must say that their burritos were huge!The line and the wait weren't bad at all. I ordered the breakfast burrito, and it came out in about 10 minutes. The only thing I thought about my burritos was that there was way too much rice in my burrito and not enough meat.There's some sauce near the register to pour on your food. I tried two of the three and I thought the spicier salsa tasted great on my burrito.Good bang for your buck.
You walk by and wonder if the food is good, or if people actually eat here...but I am telling you, YES!!! This is a must try! We came in at prime lunch time and the line was to the door, did not take longer than 5 minutes before I was placing my order. You get to watch them work while you wait in line. Husband found us a spot in the limited seating, so make sure your ok with eating on the go if necessary. They do service beer, so enjoy yourself. The food has so much flavor and really really is more than enough for the price. I ordered way too much!! Super steak nachos are yum, taquitos were ok, make sure to add salsa! ****TIP**** this place is CASH ONLY! !!
Hanging around the mission a bit lately I kept walking past this location everytime I got off Bart. Well the other day my friend and I decided to grab dinner here before checking out a movie at the Alamo Drafthouse. The line was almost to the door and the place was bustling with people working and eating. I ordered the super burrito with steak. The wait was quite a bit long for this one. It took almost 15 minutes to get my food, but it was worth it. The burrito felt like a small baby I was holding. It was hefty and they did not skimp out on the meat and ingredients. It tasted fresh and I enjoyed every bite. The spot is in the mission, so this is definitely a more rough part of town. The place is a hole in the wall, so expect as much. Our table was clean overall and like I said I enjoyed it and would definitely stop by again if I'm in the area and want some Mexican food!
Tried the carne asada regular burrito. Wasn't hungry enough for what awesomeness the super burrito might have been, but was glad to see it has avocado in it.Solid all-around on flavor, size, and price. Per the recommendation of another customer, I tried a bunch of the salsas and enjoyed the salsa verde (which I was told has avocado in it?!). I'm definitely coming back to try some of their other options.PS. I've been to nearby competitor La Tacqueria - El Farolito wins in my books.
In the middle of the Mission District is an oasis. And it serves chips and salsa. While there are countless bars around the district, El Farolito is the area's main watering hole if you will and I promise you, it's not a mirage. El Farolito has 4 Yelp stars because it's affordable, the portions are large, and the food tastes amazing. Tip: Boba Guy's is right down the street and I'm in love with their balls. But they close their legs..doors..at 9 so keep that in mind.
El Farolito is definitely a gem of San Francisco and lives up to the hype. After many night outs in the city, this was my first time surprisingly at El Farolitio. My impression of this place is the definition of divey (hole in the wall, small restaurant) and it is great that it is open late at night. This is also cash only place. I could imagine this place being a 'go to' spot after hitting the bars or clubbing. My friend and I went here late at night after a concert, there was still a good amount of people here. You don't come here for the cleanliness, you come here for the food. I had the Al Pastor Super Burrito and my friend got the quesadilla, and both were huge! It was so big that I saved some for the next day and ate it for breakfast and lunch. It also so good that I didn't really need to add sauce. I highly recommend this place if you are a foodie and have a love for mexican food. El Farolito will be the first thing that comes to mind after a night out in the city.
Best place in San Francisco for burrito!!!!Crazy hectic line but totally worth it. Always so fresh and HUGE portion. I can never finish but happy to have left overs. This is the spot to be after clubbing or a night out. It's not my favorite to eat there because of how jam packed it gets but I'll put it with it if I'm hungry. So many good sauces and quick service. CASH ONLY!!!The only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is because they mess my order up here and there. I'm pretty simple when it comes to burritos and they usually leave my sour cream out or accidentally add beans even though they read their order to me confirming it.
When an out of town guest asks about Mission burritos, my eyes light up and I launch into an explanation of how the burritos in Mission are unlike any they've had and that Chipotle burritos pale in comparison to the ones you'll find in Mission district. Usually my guests will tell me to calm down and stop breathing so fast. After my eager explanation, the challenge is on. Where do I go to impress these guests who now have ungodly expectations? Luckily El Farolito is a short drive from home and a very strong contender for most delish burrito in the Mission. The fillings game is strong and the meats are on fleek (am I using this terminology right?) Best of all is the price. A super burrito, which fills you with meat, salsa, guac, and cheese is little more than $8. I brought a friend here today who basically lives off Chipotle and asked him what he thought. "You might be right Philip." he said somberly. "This is good."
This place is the bomb! The chicken super burrito was huge! It came with avacado, beans, Mexican rice, cilantro and sour cream. Their chips and salsa was so good too! Quite bit of a line but it goes by very fast! I'll def be back next visit!
I was starving and this place is open much later than all the food places near SOMA on a weekday, so I had to come try this place out especially since it is located right next to bart.My friend recommend the super quesadilla with the green sauce and I have to say that I loved it! The sheer size of the quesadilla was impressive and the green sauce was sooooo addicting. Looks like I've found my new favorite super quesadilla!
I've tried El Farolito a handful of times, at the Excelsior and South City locations. Those few times, I wasn't impressed with their super suiza, compared to La Guadalajara's quesadilla. Just a few days ago though, I came in with my mom and gave it another shot. I was satisfied to say the least. The tortilla was warmed to toasty perfection, the cheese was nice and melty, and as a whole, the dish wasn't too messy - just the right amount of grease. My boyfriend and I always preferred Guads' suiza to this one because of the generous amount of avocado, but I gotta say I was happy this time around. The employees here were friendly and there was lots of seating, though it was busy for lunch. Do note that this location is CASH ONLY and extra orders of chips will cost you $0.65.
They have a solid huge burrito. I find La Taqueria to be better IMO so I probably wouldn't ever come back. I'm not a fan of rice inside my burrito either. What a waste of space. The place is so dirty filthy gross too. It sure looks like the health department hasn't come by lately for inspection.It's pretty great they are open until 3am on weekends. It seems to be where all the drunk people go after the bars close.
I've wanted to review El Farolito's OG location for a while now since it is a San Francisco insitution (and Kaskade's favorite burrito joint). However, given my heavy heavy bias towards Mexican food from San Diego, I wanted to make sure that I would be able to give (as much as possible) a fair assessment. Multiple visits have ensued since my first time here. And now that I've had a decent chunk of this menu, it is time to finally lay down my thoughts.My problem was that my original decision was to take the super burrito straight up...including beans. Perhaps my preference is born out of SD-style burritos, where there are basically never any rice or beans included. I know there are those who love beans in their burritos. My opinion is that unless you are eating a bean and cheese burrito, beans have zero business being in a burrito because they are straight filler that are meant to distract you from what really matters...the MEAT. (For the record, I am ok with rice as that doesn't really distract me from the meat).Anyways, now that we cut out the beans (and sour cream too, sacrifices have to be made in my old age) and get down to the real business, El Farolito has a solid burrito. Definitely better than your average SD or LA Mexican joint. Their carne asada and al pastor are pretty good...nowhere near the best I've ever had, but definitely in the above average range. Also, I think the rice complements the meat pretty well. Still would've preferred guacamole over avocado, but eh it is close enough. Bonus points for the burrito keeping VERY well after a flight back to Los Angeles and being microwaved a day after.Being such a popular spot, sometimes it does get very crowded and seats become impossible to find here (I'm looking at you 2 AM crowd). And I do wish they had a non-cash option, but it is what it is. However, it has prime location (and I mean PRIME) right off of the 24th Street & Mission BART stop. If you're ever taking the BART down to SFO and you need a great meal that's super quick and cheap, you won't find a better option.Overall, El Farolito is a solid Mexican spot and I won't ever complain if I come here for any of my SF meals. But it is not elite-level Mexican food. Compared to my SD spots, there is no comparison.
This place is legit. It's in the ghetto for sure, but it attracts people from all walks of life.Everything we had here was delicious. All the items have an abundance of flavorful meat and cheese. The green salsa was pretty good.Coming from So. Cal., it takes a lot for me to be impressed with grimy Mexican joints. This was impressive. I'm coming back next time I'm in SF.
CASH ONLYSuch great flavors, so much food for super cheap! You walk in and you see the cooks freshly cooking the meats to be served, makes me salivate thinking about it. Authentic Mexican foods with pretty special meats to go in your order from carne asada, al pastor, carnitas, grilled steak, to lengua, and beef brain. I got the Super Burrito which comes with rice, beans, tomatoes, onion, cilantro, salsa, cheese, sour cream and avocado. IT was SO GOOD, and HUGE!. I love how they melt the cheese inside. Their tortilla chips are also very good! Addictive with their self-serve salsa bar! I love the green sauce! If I am ever back, I will get the super quesadilla suiza! It looks bomb..
The. best. lengua. taco I've ever had!Tacos are simple, but the simplest foods are the most difficult to master. Every ingredient holds a little more weight in the finished product. The lengua here was juicy, fresh, tender, and also generous for a $3 taco.Also got the tripas, which I didn't expect to be fried chitterlings. Would probably not do this one again, since it's kinda hard and chewy at different spots. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be though, so I'm not docking points. Also tasted fresh too.Even their corn tortillas were soft but firm (huh?).. Ok, I mean it's heated to perfection soft, and held together, didn't fall apart at all when I was eating it.I'm coming for you again El Farolito!
What can I say about el farolito, Mmmmm well this is amazing/greasy mexican food that you pay the price later for having or at least I did.I finally managed to make it to this place, after everyone talking it up and saying how amazing it is, and I must say it did live up to its expectations.We ended up getting the super burrito with carne asada and a torta mexicana with al pastor. If I was to rate this place based on the burrito alone this place would get 5 plus stars, their burritos are everything you wished for and more. On the flip side, their torta was good but I wasn't blown away, especially from the al pastor, it wasn't very flavorful :/. I did see a lot of people ordering tacos and quesadillas, which I will definitely have to try next time.El farolito I will be back for your burritos!!!
Wait a minute...I didn't review this place yet?!?!?!!My go-to (but seriously everyone's go-to) mexican joint to get some BOMB burritos!!! I always get the carne asada super burrito (~$8)! It's got avocado, sour cream, beans, and some kinda sauce that really makes it awesome! There's always a line here, yes, even at 2 in the morning! But I've never had a problem getting a seat. You order up front and they give you a number. One time, a guy came in here with his guitar and started playing mariachi music trolling for tips, it was quite a performance.Maybe I'll be a little more adventurous next time and get a quesadilla? I know El Farolito with never disappoint! Anyways CASH ONLY.
3/5 StarsEL FAROLITO EL GRANDE BURRITO*CASH ONLY*For cheap eats that will fill you up, this is a stop. I went here with a bunch of friends after an afternoon at Dolores Park. This place is just located a couple streets down from the park.PROS+Large Portions+Affordable Prices, Very affordable for the size+Quick Turn around time+Bathrooms+Inside Seating (parties of 4 or less per table+Open Kitchen so you can see how fresh everything is cooked or made+Salsa BarCONS- Tortilla Chips are oily and not that great-Dirty Restaurant-Tight walkway; always bumping into people-sketchy area at night-all burritos or tacos taste pretty much the same-workers don't really speak english too wellOverall, its a good pit stop if you are hungry. I would rather just take it to-go and eat elsewhere!
Favorite Mission-style burrito.Others come close, but El Farolito is where it's at. There's almost always a line and of course it's cash only. These super burritos are loaded so be prepared to either be satisfactorily full with eating 1/2 or nearing stuffed with eating a whole one. What puts these super burritos apart from others is the ratio of fillings and the juiciness of the meat. Every bite is flavorful and you can even choose to get a spinach or wheat tortilla if you want to be "healthier".This is definitely my go-to spot for out of town friends looking to try the all famous Mission-style burrito. And while the location is convenient, it's also pretty grunge-y as it's right next to Bart and the inside can be a tad questionable... But the majority of the taquerias in the area a like that.
The BEST burritos in sf/Bay Area? Meh.. Me thinks not, but it is a good burrito. The size is big and the price is great. The green sauce on the other hand was really really good. I think eating the leftovers the next day actually tasted better. The line really didn't stop. We got lucky and were the second in line and as soon as we sat down the line was out the door. If I was in the area and was craving a burrito I would come back but given I'm never in the Mission area or let alone sf in general, I probably wouldn't be back for a long time. Parking sucks and the area isn't the greatest. I like that they put fresh avocados in the burrito because of the quality factor but it would taste better if they had guacamole.
THIS PLACE IS THE BOMBBBBBBBBBB. Their burritos are huge and their portions are HUGE! SUPER NACHOS ARE HUGE! SUPER QUESADILLAS ARE HUGE! CARNE ASADA EVERYTHING PLZZZ! Their carne asada is soooooo tender and flavorful. This is one of the best Mexican places I have ever gone to, and this is still one of my favorites! Such good, good, GOOOD flavorFULLL food. Such big, big, BIG portions. I can't explain. It's amazing. The area may look a bit sketchy at night, but if you can get over that, you'll see what greatness El Farolito holds! This place is a bit small, so sometimes it may be a bit frustrating trying to walk back and forth, but the food is so good, I don't even mind. BTW this place is cash only, so make sure you have some cash on hand, or else you'll have no other choice but to use the ATM machine outside next to the dirty club...
Ordered the regular burrito with carne. Added a can of Pepsi for roughly $10. Plenty of booths for parties of 2-4. Friendly staff! They deliver the meal to your table and constantly clean the dining area for their customer.Their salsa caught me off guard because I can't spicy AT ALL. Customers started starring at me when I unfolded my burrito and ate everything except the salsa. Would I come again? Sure
Best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! The food is beyond delicious and the service is great. They are so nice and they deliver food in such a reasonable time relative to how busy they are! I've been here 3 times already and can't wait to go back. I can't go to the mission without having al farolito!!! I didn't specify food because I've ordered different items and each one is better than the other! I recommend this place wholeheartedly :)
Great tacos and a neat place! Small place where you can watch them make your food right in front of you!! Best tacos ever but really spicy so bring your canteen!!
I'll be honest: I'm biased. I'm all about the San Diego burritos (LA's burritos are alright, but the real deal is in SD). But everyone raves about this place, so I figure I'll give it try and see if it's good even if it's different. Well, here it is: it's different and it's bad. Why do they put beans and rice in burritos? Why are the tortillas steamed and wet? What's wrong with just meat and pico? The quesadilla is alright because they don't put as much filler in them, so it's meat and cheese and they'll grill the quesadilla a bit so the tortilla isn't all wet and steamy. Try that instead, it's passable. Say no to bad burritos! You're better than that!
America's most life-changing burrito definitely lives up to the hype. Easily the best burrito I've ever had. Delicious ingredients (sliced avocados instead of guac!), incredible salsa, amazing chips, a huge huge amount of food, and really cheap prices. If you think burritos are just for super drunken super late nights, prepare to be proven wholly and completely wrong - I wouldn't turn down a carne asada super burrito from El Farolito at any time, on any day.Things to note: The interior is quite cramped, and the line is super long pretty much all the time, and it gets worse at night. I assure you that it's worth it.Also: sick of burritos? Can't finish in one sitting and don't want to lug around leftovers? Get the super suiza quesadilla. Although El Farolito might have some close competitors in the burrito category, their quesadillas are indisputably the best.
OMG! :(My first ever SF burrito was from El Faralito on 23'rd St in 1996... 20 years ago. It blew my mind. This location ( maybe just the staff on Wednesdays ) SUCKS!!! Maybe it was too close to closing and that's why they served me that slop. Definitely not an excuse. They got my order wrong even though it was super dead and I speak good Spanish. Food has to be 165 degrees before it's served. They could make someone ( especially a child or an old person ) REALLY SICK.I'm NEVER spending my money here again.
Delicious guac, sour cream, tender carne asada, cheese all in a huge quesadilla. That is the super suiza for you. The hot sauce is what makes it. They have a green sauce which is probably made with magic. The portion is huge and you surely get the bang for your buck. I ate half the quesadilla and had one left for lunch the next day. This spot is close to bart and there is usually a line which makes it a staple for Mexican food in the Mission, but you can probably tell by many reviews already. You may even see a famous person in here. Don't forget to take hot sauce to go!
I'm glad we were hungry at 12:30 am after visiting Twin Peaks, otherwise I would have never found this place! El Farolito is Americanized Mexican food done right, and that is coming from someone who lived in San Diego. The store looks like a typical Mexican food hole in the wall. The proportions are a little weird, because it's very narrow with booths lining either side. It's a little dirty...we had to wipe down our table from the previous diners, but it's not awful. My bf was peckish, so he just got a taco ($2.50). I was ravenous, so I opted for a Quesadilla Suiza (~$7?), which the cashier helpfully told me was about the size of a burrito. CASH ONLY! We came at a good time, because a wave of customers appeared not 10 minutes after we got there. The taco was decently sized, but...ehh, not worth $2.50. Pretty average. What was amazing though, was my Quesadilla Suiza. It was basically a flatter, crispier burrito. The portion is so large that I had to stop stuffing my face because I was too full. They were not shy with any of the ingredients--every mouthful had juicy al pastor, sour cream, avocados, and cheese. My only regret was that I could not take it home to a fridge...so 1/4 of that beautiful quesadilla was lost :,(. I have eaten so much Mexican food, but that Quesadilla Suiza has left quite the impression on me. It is a little more expensive than what I'm used to, but then again it's also San Francisco, so this is probably as cheap as you can get. I would definitely come again. Food: 4, Service: 3, Environment: 3, Price: 3
I've dined here so many times, mostly sober unlike many many people! While it's not the best Mexican food I've ever had, El Farolito mostly lives up to its reputation. The location is always busy and run-down looking, but don't let that dissuade you from braving the wait time, you'll be rewarded with above average food. Quesadillas and burritos are the standouts here for me. Usually a must visit for me when I'm in SF.
The best burrito i tasted in my life!Is a really big one and so delicious!You can also choose normal o spinach tortilla and there are veggie/vegetarian options! Sooooo good!
My husband wanted to try this after seeing it on a Food channel. We went to find a hole in wall. I was suspect but the location was filled with patrons and a line out the door. My husband tried carnita, al pastor, lengua and carne asada tacos. I had a carne asada burrito. While it wasn't the best I've ever had it did taste good. We left thinking we would come back if we were in the mood Mexican. Later in the early morning I woke up to severe cramps. I then notice my husband was already up with food poisoning. We were up all night till the next day and the following night sick in our hotel. Needless to say our mini trip to San Francisco was ruined. Next time if you question the cleanliness of a location listen to yourself and don't try it.
Forget the 5lb weights at #soulcycle - I'm gonna ride or die with these heavyazz Super Burritos in each hand from now on. #upgraaaaadde#finally tried this place for the 1st time #feliz2016 on a random #satunchdaylunchday with a line out the door. Got the TRIPAS = INTESTINE and SESOS = BRAIN. Otherwise, I'd go for the Lengua, maybe Cabeza; y'all #basicfoodies can have the rest. Puede siquiera comidas aventureros hermano?There were a whole 2 black people (not counting myself) and like 3 non-employee Mexicans (still not counting myself). #blacktacosmatter #alsomexicantacos Sadly, not much hipster action.PS: Get salsas at the sidebar unless you like blandness.
Came here on a saturday night with my boyfriend. We both got the super burrito; mine with carne asada and his with chicken.Pros:- HUGE burritos! I could only eat a little less than half of mine, and ended up saving the other half for lunch the next day (it was still really good the next day!). My boyfriend ended up eating his entire burrito... don't know how he does it... It was seriously bigger than my head!- Great customer turnaround. No bs. No chit chat. They were just churning out order after order. Those guys work hard and they got us in and out in no time.- Pricing. You seriously get bang for your buck here. They use huge ass tortillas and pack as much as they can inside it.Cons:- The wait? But it's to be expected. This is a community gem so there's going to be a crowd, so just prepare yourself for that. But once you get in line, it really doesn't take too long.
I was ecstatic to be able to try out this taqueria but was highly let down. We arrived after what should have been the lunch rush and it was still packed. The inside is TINY. You're squished the entire time that you are in there and good luck finding a table. My order was the Carne Asada Quesadilla Suiza. I guess the Super Suiza is the way to go because all I received was a tiny soggy quesadilla with one thin piece of carne asada covering the inside. The meat was extremely flavorless. I'm not sure if the sogginess was due to me taking it to-go but they should package it differently if so. It took a long time to get our food as well. The plus side is that the salsas were delicious.
Why has this review taken so long. Probably because I don't really recall waiting in line with loads of drunk people at 1am on a weekend night. This time as a newly minted mature adult I decided to swing by at 11pm on a rainy weekday as I needed to grab a bite on the way home.It was like they had reserved the whole restaurant for me. The old, real Mission that I grew up in (and was scared of). Without the hoards of techies and Yelpers like myself. Granted, I was there. Boo-ya. I'm different haha.Anyways, let's be real, you can get tacos and burritos that are on par and even in some cases better. I come here for the quesadilla. Whether it's the suiza or para dos ... GET THE QUESADILLA. WITH THE PASTOR.As much as I love sour cream, I actually prefer it on the side so the heat and cold don't mix and sit there. Dip the sour cream and green sauce for the quesadilla and you'll see what the greatness is all about. Just try and avoid the "busier" hours of post drinking food munchies.Gracias!
The Line out the door was the first indicator I was in for a treat. I got the super burrito with carne and it was delicious I ate the whole thing. The inside of the place isn't the most charming or the cleanest but the food was SO good and the chips were only $.69.
I recently had the best SF trip of my life and visiting El Farolito was one of the reasons. This place is an absolute must try. Located in the Mission district, this place is a total hole in the wall. Don't expect nice and roomy seating. Think more along the lines of waiting in a pretty long line, 30-40 minutes, in a single file line with a majority of the waiting being outside with the exception of a narrow corridor at the entrance. Regardless of the long wait this place is absolutely amazing and totally worth it. I've been through my fair share of burritos but this place is easily top 3 burritos I have ever had. I'm not even exaggerating, this place is that good. I ordered a carne asada super burrito and it was definitely the way to go. As you walk in you see one of the chefs cooking up a storm of various meats and with the lines this place has you know that the meat in your burrito will be freshly cooked. The burrito comes with rice, beans, sour cream salsa, and literally a GIANT chopped up slice of avocado, and your choice of meat. With a name like super burrito you would expect it to be huge and my expectations were met. This thing was giant. The food comes out relatively quickly, which is nice if you're starving. They also have a salsa bar next to the cash register with 3 kinds of salsas. A few side notes, this place is cash only so be prepared, they have some seats inside, but can be difficult to find a table so have someone grab one while you wait in line, and as mentioned before be prepared to wait. I seriously am looking forward to my next SF trip.
Delicious hole in the wall taco joint right outside the 24th Street BART station. The restaurant was crowded with a long line out the door. I ordered the al pastor, carnitas, and carne asada tacos - 3 tacos for about $10. Very tasty tacos with generous amounts of meat.. Chip and sauces were mediocre, so focus on the tacos! Probably best to take out because it's hard to find a table!
In. Love.Was going to get Mexican food for dinner one night, so the family went here to pick up some food. I haven't been here before, so Yelp was a great resource (). I ordered the carne asada super quesadilla suiza! First off I didn't expect a rectangular quesadilla. It comes in four large pieces! You can actually eat this for two meals. The super (I don't know what the regular version contains) contains carne asada, sour cream, AVOCADO, & cheese! So so good. Others got the burrito and it was pretty big as well! The nachos are very good too. I've never seen a Mexican restaurant separate the nachos and toppings! Props to that.Whenever I'm in the bay and craving Mexican food, this will definitely be my #1 spot!
ERGH this place is so good, and even more so when you have been deprived burritos al pastor in DC!FOOD - Who can complain about an $8 super burrito with meat? No one! Not only am I happy, but I am stuffed. The tacos are good too, but really ride the burrito train.SPACE - It's more spacious than it looks from the door. The cleanliness can be improved but it's so packed that you'll steal any table you can and bus it yourself. Not a bad thing as we are human but don't be surprised.Thank you, El Farolito for the delicious burrito! :)
Legit Mexican food? Most certainly, yes."THE BEST BURRITO IN CALIFORNIA"? Eh, no.I know the folks of SF have a sore spot when you start talking about their burritos so I won't venture too far into that, but as a San Diegan, I can't say this place lives up to *all* of its hype. The food is good, I'll give them that. Tons of cheese, hot meat, grease, etc. But it isn't the best (and definitely not the cheapest) I've had in the state. There's probably a line when you arrive, but it's a good opportunity to see the employees hard at work making the food you're about to enjoy. Thank them for it, it looks hot as heck behind those stoves! There are only so many tables in the narrow restaurant so its best not to come in a group any larger than maybe 4 people, but don't let that deter you. If I were in the area and had just finished a long night of drinking, I would definitely not be against coming to this little place to get my grub on.
I may or may not say yes to going out in the mission specifically in the hopes that I end up here. It cures all whether it's a hangover or a bad day. Didn't pick anyone up at the bar? It's ok because the carne asada burrito will make you forget all about that. It pretty much saves lives. Originally I thought my obsession for the burrito here was because of the circumstances that led me here (post bar/ late night starving) but no. The burrito checks out at any time of day. The sheer size will fill you up, but the greasy awesomeness is what you are here for. It can't be replicated. This means a lot in an area with as many great taquerias as the mission. The super carne asada burrito with everything is my go-to. It's hard to describe, but you will understand my infatuation at first bite. To top it all off, the people who work here are also really cool and handle the stampede after last call very well. You may feel your stomach adjusting - but this is because you just stuffed your face with a burrito the size of a small child. And no regrets were had that day.
El Faro.. we've had way too many memories. Many late nights and food affairs. After a fun night of bar hopping in the mission, where else would I end up but here?! I love this place. Their burritos and so simple yet so delicious! Their meats are cooked and seasoned to perfection. The lines do get long but it moves quickly. 1 star off cuz my friend doesn't eat meat and found some remnants of meat in her shrimp burrito. The ended up getting really sick.
I finally had a chance to check this place out after visiting SF numerous times and hearing so many rave reviews . I was concerned that maybe this place could just be another overhyped average "Mexican hole in the wall joint " and ..... Indeed it is .I ordered the super shrimp and meat ( chicken and shrimp ) burrito which was huge but 15 dollars after tax . The shrimp was a bit rubbery , the carne asada had a nice grilled smokey flavor and the chicken was slightly above average in terms what you typically get from a Mexican establishment that prepares their dishes with shredded chicken . All in all it was okay . The chips btw were the worst I've ever had . I'm glad the cashier added them to the order for free which he should have given that we paid 32 bucks for two burritos and 1 taco .My dad had the al pastor and shrimp burrito which he said was greasy and disgusting in the end . So there you go .Hit up Gordos instead . A lot better value imho.
It's a little crazy, but I think that's part of the charm. Also, unlimited free salsa. I had a burrito, it was amazing, and so cheap. Keep in mind that it is cash only. Saying this place is no frills is an understatement, and it's a little dirty...but honestly, it really was maybe the best burrito I have ever had. We were there late on a week night and it was still busy but we got a table. I'm super jealous of anyone that lives close enough to go here often. I'm still thinking about it!
I am actually not a fan of burritos, but I was told that I couldn't visit San Francisco and not order a burrito from El Farolito. When I arrived at the entrance, I was not sure if I was in the right place because the restaurant looked so old/like a hole in the wall. I ordered my burrito with no beans and lots of chicken. I am not sure what they do to their ingredients or what they put in their burritos, but that burrito was delicious and extremely satisfying. I actually came back a few months later and ordered another burrito with grilled steak (also delicious). If you're ever in San Francisco, you have to swing by El Farolito for a cheap but insanely good burrito. Bring cash!
Unless you've been here before, you're going to be a little sketched out while you pass El Farolito. It's quite the opposite of "fancy" - it basically looks like a dimly lit shed with bright yellow walls, a cheesy looking font, and an assembly line of people shouting orders. You may even be tempted to walk past it and find another restaurant nearby. Don't do that. The super prawn burrito and quesadilla suiza are ridiculously satisfying. The beans, cheese, salsa, avocado, prawns, doughy tortilla - everything is delicious and warrants that "I'm really full but can't stop eating" feeling. Writing this review made me hungry again.
This is a big favorite for me for delicious, cheap tacos. It's not fancy, but isn't life all about the simple things? Cheap beers too, and right next to the Bart/Muni station if you wanna take a pit stop on the way home. The only downside is that its quite small, so grabbing a place to sit can be kind of hard... so have someone stake out a table while you order :)
Whoa, best quesadilla I've ever had. Hands down. First it was huge, two can definitely split for lunch. Perfect carne asada and tortilla. So good- looked better than the burrito my friend got. Cheap beer and quick service, will definitely come here again. Cash only but there's a sketchy atm on the wall outside
Very crowded on a Friday night but so worth it ! Ordered the Steak Quesadilla and my oh my.. That thing was oooooozing with cheese ! Love it !! And they don't go cheap with the meat either ! Orgasmic ! In love !! :D yummy !!!! Chips were kinda stale though.. Really stale actually but the quesadilla made up for it :).
El Farolito is my go to Mexican food place for lunch, dinner and 2am emergency foods. The food portion to price ratio is so good, I can feed me and my roommate off 20$ a day. The place is a great for grab-n-go type of people, but the place is quite noisy and not very clean, so I wouldn't risk taking a first date to eat there. Speaking of food, El Farolito's super burrito is one of the best burrito I've eaten. It is big, heavy, and full of flavors, definitely a recommend if you ever visit there.
I loooooove El Farolito. Been here a couple of times and it still hasn't disappointed me. If you have a SoCal resident say that this was the best Mexican food he's tasted so far in SF, then you know this is the truth. I always order my three Al Pastor tacos, made authentic with onions and cilantro. Don't forget the mild, medium or hot salsa. Taco meat is made right on the grill in front of you. They also give you complimentary chips and salsa to much on while waiting for your food.When the order came out I remembered I should have ordered two tacos instead of three, because the tacos were packed with meat! Every bite is filled with the juiciness and flavor of the meat on fresh hot tortillas, while the salsa packs heat. This has become my must-go-to place while in SF. So far, everyone I've introduced El Farolito to has
My favorite place for a carne asada super burrito in SF! There's always a line so you know the place is good. They are not stingy with the ingredients at all- I usually am only able to finish half. And the best part is... it's open late!! Many times my friends and I came here after drinking and devour their burritos to satisfy our drunchies in hopes of being hangover free the next morning. Also have to give a quick shoutout to their quesadillas and agua frescas as all! I stopped by today and was able to witness a guy just coming in and serenading the place with Feliz Navidad without being kicked out for being too noisy- what a great way to start the holidays!This place is CASH ONLY so be prepared to bring ya dolla dolla bills y'all.
Decent burrito really! I haven't tried other food from the menu but burrito. The meat and other ingredients in burrito are just not flavorful enough. They need more seasoning in meat and other ingredients. It's just my two cents. But if you are drunk and looking for big meal, this is the place to be cuz their burritos are huge!!!
The definition of a Mission burrito. Get the super burrito even if you don't think you'll finish it, because you probably will haha. It's that good. The burritos and quesadillas are both a must, depending on how much rice you like with your tortilla. Tried the lengua (beef tongue) last time and it was a bit chewy for my liking so will stick with the carne asada! There's also a salsa bar for you to taste test with the mains or chips. El Farolito is a monster of a meal, but come here drunk and that'll be the least of your worries. Cash only and best 8 dollars you'll ever spend.
While there's many burrito places around, I tend to favor this place. There's virtually no place these days where you can get two meals for around 7 bucks. I mean coffee and toast can be that much sometimes.  But if you go at the wrong time, the lines can be long.The food is always good here and freshly made. The super burrito isn't favorite. Although I usually eat it as two meals... Because each half is akin to you have a food baby. You know what I am talking about. Overall this place has it all, value, tasty food, and great take away option. Oh don't forget to get some grilled tortilla chips and salsa.
Juicy. Juicy. Juicy. It was all a dream!After my first trip to El Farolito on 24th and Mission, that song was all I could think of. The juiciness is just out of control.Not sure why it took us so long to hop aboard El Farolito's breakfast burrito bandwagon, but after a surprising 20-30 minute stroll down the Mission without any luck finding a suitable breakfast burrito spot, Farolito's morning offering stood out for its convenience, affordability and quality ingredients. Although not what the restaurant is typically known for, the Farolito breakfast burrito came through for me in a time of need. The typical egg/sausage combination is elevated here by substituting mouth-watering chorizo, which went nicely along with generous helpings of melted cheese, refried beans, rice, avocado and eggs, in addition to the pile of green salsa which was thrown on top by yours truly.And while this may be a small thing to some, count me as being in favor of the $0.65 chips!! While that's a little bit more than "free", that's still some very affordable stuff right there, so sign me up every time.The only dimension where the burrito comes up short is its high propensity to fall apart as you eat it. On this point, here the juiciness becomes a double-edged sword, as the steady flow of juice from the chorizo combines with the salsa and eggs to slowly overpower the tortilla and cause increasing wiltage as you make your way through the core of the burrito. For the most part, though, my burrito held things together admirably, allowing me to eat relatively mess-free for me (although my friend wasn't so lucky).And because so many places are going **Cash Only** these days, I can't even really discount places for following suit at this point. But it is certainly something to be aware of, because you will not want to be the dummy who waits patiently for 20 minutes in line salivating at the delicious spices and aromas emanating from the kitchen just to get to the register and find out you can't pay for your food!That's just a bad day. So do yourself a favor and make sure you come prepared.In the end, I left the place a big believer. While the Super Burritos at El Farolito understandably grab most of the attention, the breakfast burritos are true heavyweights contenders in their own right. Although not quite an altogether life-changing experience, you can do much worse than a dank burrito filled with juicy goodness at an affordable price.Juicy. In the end, that's the one quality that defines the majestic El Farolito Burrito.Uh, and if you don't know, now you know.
Dead.The one word that encaptures every experience I've ever had at El Farolito. Literally everything on the menu makes me have deep feelings for food. Personally, I go with the super quesadilla suiza (get literally any meat or no meat at all--it's delicious any which way you get it) minus the sour cream. It makes it a bit less decadent and heavy but honestly I barely notice a difference in taste (in fact I think it tastes even better this way)Eat it hot. Eat it fast. There's not much seating as it's always jam packed with customers, but people turnover pretty quick in this little shop. Grab a basket of tortilla chips (honestly these are some of the best I've had), indulge in the three salsa salsa bar (the green one is my favorite) and sit down and enjoy. I dare you not to eat everything in under five minutes. Every bite will leave you wanting more--even with the enormous portions. Oh, and just a quick note. This place is CASH ONLY. So make sure you're stocked up (but there's also a chase bank a block or two away so )
I have no idea why the hell I come to this location over the one on Folsom as it's packed as fuck always and the seating kinda sucks ass. But maybe that's exactly why I come here? Makes for great people watching and the food always seems to taste just a little bit better than the other one. Theory #1 - Since this location is right next to the bars, my buzz is still strong as shit and that's why the food taste's like god's penor. Theory #2 - I'm an idiot.But gimme my al pastor mofucka.
Decently good burrito and good sized, unfortunately I lost my appetite when I saw a blue plastic string in my burrito. I didn't bother to tell the people since I doubt they would do anything anyway. We went on a Sunday and the place got packed around noon time. Their chips are pretty good.
To be honest I was a little skeptical. What makes Mission burritos so much better than something from LA or SD? I was happily proved wrong. First off the carnitas super burrito was HUGE, like the size of an arm. But the most important part, the flava was on point. Right amount of meat, spice, tangy and rich flavor. It hit a lot of flavor profiles without the need for being smothered in red or green sauce. Color me impressed by this legit hole in the wall joint.
You're probably reading this after leaving the bar with your friends around 2am, going to the "best taco place in the mission" -- let me be a buzz kill and say it's not as great as you've been told.The food is average at best and the excruciating, nearly scraping the bathroom wall, waiting line is definitely not worth the hype. That said, if you're still reading this and the room seems to be spinning, go bananas and have a blast biting into a delicious, stuffed, $9 burrito.
The line when I came at 5 pm on a wednesday wasnt thst long, but thr atmostphere felt really nice. They only take cash. Honestly I didnt care about anythint when i got my super suiza questadilla. It straight up felt like I was eating heaven.
The past couples of days we have been walking past this little spot late in the night. And like many nights there was a line out the door to enter. As much as my curiosity wanted me to go, part of me was hesitant being the typical crowd. Finally one night I gave in during a slow and less busy time period. The patrons are quite friendly, chatted with a few of them as they hyped about the joint.Ordering was quite simple, get in line, look at the menu as you wait to reach the cashier and order. Moments later they handed me my order and off I go like any creature into the shadows or corner..joking. Sometimes does feel like that when I hold off eating my food before arriving back to my place. The order was wrapped in aluminum foil which kept it warm.Upon the first bite, the taco was filled with an abundance of meat. Still something was missing, the carne asada seemed rather chewy or perhaps it was the lack of flavor. Quickly grabbed some hot sauce and spread it over the tacos. Sadly even that couldn't save it, the tacos at the end were just the normal, average tacos. I cannot say I will ever go back but most definitely not worth waiting in line. Maybe its the zero trans fat or non-GMO, who knows, it wasn't bad just the normal, typical taco joint.
Now THIS is the best burrito in San Francisco, burrito bracket be damned!I came here after a long flight from New York, that Mexican food wasteland. The moment I landed I knew I had to come here to get my carne asada fix.Mind you, I can usually finish a burrito no problemo. But this time around, about 75% of the way through I was defeated by deliciousness. It was just so amazing I couldn't handle it! The meat was seasoned to perfection. The beans were outta control. And the tortilla? DOPE.
Disclaimer - have only tried the tacos and not the super burrito, so maybe my opinion will change afterwards!Sunday night at 7 and the line was out the door. Decide quickly, though - even though you'll be far from the cash register, someone will likely be moving down the line taking orders. I got classic tacos - one pastor, one carnitas, one chicken, and one carne asada - and topped them each off with avocado. Good thing I got the avocado, since some of the meat was really dry. I didn't think all the meats were very flavorful either, especially compared to taco trucks in LA. I would only recommend the pastor.Service wasn't great, either - they mixed up a couple orders and bagged them incorrectly so we had trouble sorting out who got what. I'm willing to give it one more chance for the super burrito - hope they're better than the tacos!
The best super grilled chicken quesadila I have ever had. Their green salsa is hot and amazing. Nice atmosphere. The people here are fast and super friendly. Hard to find parking and sometimes the line is out the door. But that's SF! Love this place.
1. My sketch team, Bombardier, got selected to perform at this year's SF Sketchfest. I grew up in the Bay Area. But I had to move to New York, to move to Los Angeles, to perform comedy in San Francisco for the first time.2. We drove up Friday afternoon. We discussed the languages of love. I don't think gift giving should count as a language. Bribing someone for love should be illegal and anybody who adheres to it will one day be outed as ghouls once we put on the sunglasses. "Consume Love."3. On our second day in San Francisco, Diona suggested that we eat El Farolito. I was delighted. I had spent many late nights after punk/hardcore shows at the Balazo Gallery eating El Farolito. That venue moved locations and eventually closed. But El Farolito remains. Burritos have known to be flimsy, but I believed El Farolito to remain sturdy.4. When we arrived at El Farolito, there was a line of people slithering out the front door. Every seat was full. I knew what to expect. People on my team looked concerned. I told them to trust me. And they did. So we ordered. I ordered the Super Veggie Burrito with chips. In an ideal world, every bite of a burrito would come paired with a tortilla chip. I do what I can to emulate that perfect world.5. An "empty" table was covered in spiraling tin foil, bits of burritos, colorfully stained napkins. People who don't bus their own tables in non-restaurant establishments should be put in a cannon. The cannon should be dropped into the ocean. And there they should spend eternity drowning in wet gunpowder and reflecting on their inability to clean up after themselves. Yes, a worker can clean the table, but if they don't, it's on the next patron. But I guess if you spend your entire life not looking backward at the trail of garbage you leave, you'd never realize you were in fact a garbage person. The thing about garbage is: it should always be thrown AWAY!6. A man started playing acoustic guitar. We looked at each other. There was no option. We were forced to converse with one another until the food arrived. I exhaled. One of them inhaled. "So anyways," one of them said. We all waited for what would follow. A man with an apron broke the emptiness away, "Number sesenta y nueve?" He dropped order after order upon our table. I peeled back the tin foil. I took my first bite. And the satiety slithered down our throats.7. The satisfaction continued with every new bite. Our hunger was crushed under the weight of a mutated burrito. There might be bigger burritos being assembled elsewhere, but better? Hmm. I'm not so sure about that. Many burritos will exhaust a puddle of juice from its rear end. This did not. Its ratio of bean to rice to cheese to avocado felt mathematical. We discussed our show from last night. We discussed our show that would occur later that night. But none of us discussed, even mentioned, wanting to eat ever again. El Farolito had done its job once again. The last thing I can recall being said was by Jessica, "I can't wait to see what that burrito looks like when I poop." Everyone who heard her nodded in agreement. All food becomes poop. All life becomes death. And, most importantly, all good reviews must end...8. I'd like to address user "Kody S." and their "review". "They were open to other customers but couldn't even several me chips and salsa racist place to get food from". In the minimum, Yelp, should only allow reviews that have at least ONE complete sentence. I quoted user "Kody S."'s entire review. There is no period. There is but a half formulated thought. 9. Doesn't it suck that if an establishment was actually racist nobody would believe it because of reviews like this? "The Yelp Reviewers Who Cried Racist Wolf." I mean, yes, presumably, El Farlito "couldn't even several" them chips. But what does severaling one chips have to do with ethnicity? Is one chip less racist than several chips? Are these uncertain volleys of racism why Donald Trump might become our next president? I'd go as far as to say, specifically, user "Kody S." and their "review" of El Farolito is THE reason why Donald Trump WILL become our next president! Now, that assertion is a CLASSIC Zed C. On Yelp Moment! Feel free to share and enjoy :-)10. Now that I'm back in L.A., days later, I am still full. I haven't eaten anything in over forty eight hours. I've taken a few craps but the burrito is still slowly dissolving in my stomach. All my L.A. friends have been jealous when they hear or smell me fart. "Is that a El Farolito fart?" "Yes." "Everybody can tell. No taqueria in Los Angeles can compare. Way to rub it in our faces," they say as I rub my butt on their faces. All good farts dissipate into qualitative-less nothing. And, most importantly, All Good Reviews Must End.
No it is not the most life changing burrito in California. Anyone who says this needs to take a trip down to Socal and free themselves from the evil that is rice and beans in burritos. That said, I enjoyed the Super Suiza like every other drunk person that comes here after the clubs all close. It is a tiny dirty little shop with limited seating but the service is fast. Their meat is tasty, as is whatever else they add in the Suiza. Just ask anyone who goes there and they will tell you to get the Suiza. Did I say Suiza enough yet?Suiza.
This place is 4 stars with almost 4,000 reviews. Trust your fellow Yelpers. This place is the SPOT.The super Quesadilla. Always. And chips come separate. Grab your salsa - BUT GRAB A TABLE FIRST!
When I was planning a trip to SF I knew I had to hit up at least one place to get an authentic Mission burrito. Someone told me they were the inspiration behind Chipotle and other type of fast casual burrito joints, but that these burritos were even bigger and tastier at around the same price. You don't need to tell me twice...I'm always down for cheap and delicious Mexican food.When we pulled up, we saw the line was out the door. Luckily it moved pretty quick. They got the process down and operated like a well oiled machine. While in line you could see all the guys assembling everything. They were like masters of their craft as they scooped out perfect slices of avocado within seconds. At first we were worried that we wouldn't get seats since the place wasn't that big and there were a ton of people there. There was even a random mariachi band playing music in between the booths and made it seem even more crowded. Maybe it was because everyone was getting their orders to go but somehow it cleared up by the time we placed our order and we had no problem snagging a booth. I was super hungry and went with the asada super burrito and the asada quesadilla. Realistically half of the burrito would've been enough to satisfy me, but since I was on vacation I decided to just power through it all. I thought it was awesome that they just had a self service salsa bar where you can just grab whatever you want. The burrito was huge as expected and packed to the max with meat. At Chipotle I watch the workers be all stingy while scooping the meat. Nope, not here. That thing was just filled with juicy, delicious pieces of steak. It was just a solid burrito all around and all the components tasted great together. The quesadilla also tasted pretty good. Even though I ordered asada in both the burrito and quesadilla, the quesadilla steak was actually prepared in a slightly different way. Instead of little pieces of meat, they put thin slices of the steak in it and I actually liked it better this way. They also put enough cheese in there to make me question whether I was lactose haha. Both the burrito and quesadilla were sittin heavy in my stomach. Overall, everything was solid. There weren't too many surprises from a taste standpoint, just some tasty Mexican food with generous portions and good value. Cash only.
This was so good, I went multiple times in a 3-day period. Located right outside the 24th Street BART station, El Farolito isn't the nicest or cleanest place you've eaten at. However, what they lack in flash, they more than make up for in the food. Also, you feel good knowing that both locals and tourists come here and that even though the decor is old, it has stood the test of time. I can't speak for authenticity, but I can speak for tastiness.Must-get: Super burritos and quesadillas. The tacos here are delicious too, but I would say go for the burritos and quesadillas. Regardless, they really load on the cheeses, meats and other toppings, and the burritos can really last you a couple meals. The super quesadilla para dos will feed you and another person for more than two meals. They use lard in a lot of stuff, which makes the taste super rich, but beware for all you vegetarians/vegans out there. My favorites are the lengua (beef tongue), carne asada, and carnitas. Yeah, that's basically the whole menu, but damn, is it good. Beats the chain burrito places ANY DAY.Service can be a little spotty when it comes to fulfilling your order, but nothing really unexpected from a super busy Mission burrito bar. Prices are great, portions are again, huge, and you can go nuts with the avocado and salsa bar, located right next to the cash register. Great for late nights and just overall Mexican cravings. Cash only.
This was the best burrito I have ever had. I got a carne asada super burrito and it was spectacular. It looks like a burrito you'd get at Chipotle, but it's so much better. It was also really cheap, something like $8 for a burrito that seemed to weigh 3 lbs.Carne asada, rice, beans, tomato, cilantro, onion, cheese, sour cream, and guacamole all get wrapped up in a gigantic flour tortilla and wrapped in foil for structural support. Best way to eat it? I'd say with your hands, unwrapping each section as you make your way down. The salsa here is great too, make sure to add some to the burrito between bites.It'd be over if they had late night drunken burrito places this good in NYC.
Okay okay, so I know by default I was supposed to be blown away by this place. There was so much hype leading up to my first burrito that I expected to be super impressed, and unfortunately I wasn't.Now, don't get me wrong. The burrito was good, but it wasn't amazing. I opted for the regular carnitas burrito with cheese. I didn't get a super burrito because I don't like guacamole and sour cream in my burritos - I think it makes it too soggy. Maybe because I was sober I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I was going to? Either way, I'm willing to give you another chance, El Farolito. I want to love you as much as the rest of SF does!
I was wrong.. it's 4 or 5 stars if you get the surf and turf (~$12ish) burrito or anything surf and turf it's amazing. They cook the shrimp and beef perfectly together. Get it.Surf Turf. Do it.
This place is a gem. You get about a 2-3 pound burrito for about $10. The burrito is very flavourful as well, I would definitely suggest checking out this place if you are in the area. Cash only place so be prepared!
Not sure what all the hype is with these Mission burritos. I personally think Chipotle makes it better, and though a little pricier, you get more bang for your buck. I suppose the sheer size of this monster burrito is appealing, but that's all caught my attention. I got the regular burrito with al pastor (pork) and added lettuce and tomato. While the pork meat was pretty juicy and flavorful, the overall taste was pretty standard - nothing special.Not sure I'd make another stop here, unless it's 2am and I have the drunchies.
Moving to Canada from Southern California I immediately began missing the authentic Mexican cuisine :( So while in San Francisco we HAD to get our fix!Our friends who live in SF decided we head down to the Mission and enjoy burritos from El Farolito. I personally would never eat inside of this location because there just isn't enough room to enjoy your meal. The place is extremely narrow and long. When we went the place was packed, you're constantly brushing up against other guest. We ordered 2 carne asada super burritos, 1 carnitas super burrito and chips! Don't get me wrong, the burritos were good but I have definitely had better. The burritos are HUGE and extremely cheap. If you're in the area stop in, but do not go out of your way for one of their burritos.Oh yeah, cash only!!
Ugh. El Farolito makes me miss California taquerias SO much. Gone are the days I lived in Southern California and ate bean, rice, and cheese burritos with amazing salsa, or simple carne asada tacos multiple times a week. I took some friends here for lunch, after popping out of the 24th St. Bart Station and they basically said it was the best damn carne asada they ever had. With beans and rice, and at less than $10, a steal. I went with the carne asada quesadilla suiza this time, and that thing was hefty enough for two meals. The tortilla was crisp and it was filled with gooey cheese, carne, avocado, and sour cream.Cash only, and you may have to fight for a table, but it's worth it for some of the best/cheap Mexican food you've ever had.
Shout out to my girl Marilyn M. below for speaking so many truths about El Farolito. It comes in CLUTCH when you need a burrito. Open til 3:30 AM, need I say more? It's literally a hole in the wall, and you kind of question how sanitary things are, but bear with me - the food is great. My first time trying El Farolito was when I was on a high school mission trip (lol) in 2008, and we came here after a long day of volunteering. Honestly, it set the bar pretty much for every single burrito I ate after. The burritos are super filling. I am ashamed to say I didn't finish it the first time I got it in junior year of high school, but it's okay - the many times I have been here after have made up for that first time. Drunk or sober - the food here will be satisfying. But get ready to run into the intoxicated. crowd if you come here late at night. The burritos are huge like I said - get ready to eat something like the size of a small child.
I was shocked when I discovered I hadn't written a review for El Farolito years ago.This is my goto place, whether it is before the symphony or 2:30 in the morning after a hip hop show.It is so good that there is a line out the door all evening. One of the few restaurants with a line out the door between 2:00am nightly.It was a couple decades ago now, but I remember they got a low score on the health inspection, and I was still a in the line that continued to be out the door. They have been passing with flying colors for year now.My most common order is the Pollo Asado Super Quesadilla. It's no longer on the menu board, but they still make it.
Everyone knows that burritos are a must in the Mission and El Farolito is the place to go. It's a small hole in the wall but the burritos are phenomenal. They are ginormous, warm and just plain burritolicious. Definitely takes Chipotle to another level. PS. Bring cash!!
MEH. I lived in San Diego and Los Angeles previously, so it's hard to find a good burrito here in San Francisco that's comparable. I know El Faralito has rave reviews, but I just don't get the hype. The burritos aren't bad -- they just aren't particularly good. Thus, MEH!
Why I've waited so long to experience an El Farolito super burrito, I will never know?! This is truly a known hidden gem in the city, best burritos and the quesadilla is insane. I got a Shrimp Super Burrito and it was everything I've ever wanted in a burrito and more, the shrimp were perfectly cooked, the avocado was fresh and the salsas they have are amazing and spicy. Cash only so be prepared. Super divey so don't expect a nice clean place with trendy decor. Get in, get the burrito and savor the best.
Ordered: Super Quesadilla Suiza; Tacos El PastorWhat to get: Super Quesadilla SuizaFirst time we hit up this place was right after Smuggler's Cove. At that time, the line was out the door. The place is rather small, but a table clears up pretty fast.Super Quesadilla Suiza: hugeee quesadilla, probably could serve two. It's really cheesy and the meat is savory. The tortilla is slightly crispy and the guac really does wonders.Tacos El Pastor: marinated well, but, could get messy.
Delicious and affordable Mexican food? YES. PLEASEEE.El Farolito already earned a name for its authenticity, and I'm just validating this fact yet again. I loveeeeddd my carne asada super burrito so much, I couldn't stop eating it even when I got full. It's HUUUGE and packed with meat, rice, guac, salsa, etc. The carne asada was flavorful and grilled wonderfully. They didn't over-season with MSG either *yay for no dry mouth and food coma*. My boyfriend got the lengua super burrito and enjoyed his too. It's easier to mess up lengua because there's a specific texture, but El Farolito succeeded! We also got carnitas and chorizo tacos. The only thing I didn't like was the taco shells 'cause they're made from wheat, which tasted different from what I'm used to. Key takeaway points:- CASH ONLY -- FREE CHIPS WITH PURCHASE -- GET THEIR SUPER BURRITOS -- THERE'LL PROBABLY BE LEFTOVERS -- USE THE GREEN SAUCE. DON'T FORGET IT!! -
TLDR: I mean it's not bad but it's oily and I just feel super sluggish the next day after I eat it. I'd go to panchos next to 16th and mission any day over this.I normally order the quesadilla or the burrito here. Probably the best idea is to order just one of those items and split it or just eat half and save the other half. Maybe it doesn't look that big but the oil in it fills you up. To me this place just seems overrated, and the random people who come up to your table while you're eating and ask if the food on your table is finished and proceed and take the food on your table before you have a chance to say no to them doesn't quite help either....
The true test for a late night spot is how the food tastes during the day while you're sober.I've never been here latenight or after drinks. The first time was maybe 2 years back during the day and got a Super Carne Asada burtito. At the time I wasn't impressed at all. Maybe I was being too judgemental or had such high expectations. Most recently 10.12.15 I tried one of thier other popular sellers a Carne Asada Quesadilla. They did a great job of folding and pressing it, other than that the taste was just okay... Almost bland. Tried all 3 salsas and maybe the heat varies day by day but 2 were a solid Medium and the red had a little less heat.Horchata was decent.Bottom line is there is NO WAY this spot should be considered as good as everyone says. Just goes to show you have yet to experience good mexican burritos, quesadillas, etc...or maybe you were STILL DRUNK when you wrote your review for this spot and added a few extra Stars.Save your calories and dollars and go elsewhere. As for me I took 5 bites, wrapped everything up and gave the rest to a guy across the street who looked like he could use a shower in addition to a meal.
It might not look like much from the outside, my OMG please give it a chance!! The carnitas are juicy and flavorful. The beans taste homemade, the servings are enormous. Oh, and it's cash only...so bring a stack of bills and make it rain for tacos!
Somehow had never been to El Farolito until the other night. It did not disappoint. Friday night after 2am and what can everyone agree on? BURRITOS! Probably the best part of any night out is the late night food. We were all set on El Farolito.Anywho, came here with a bunch of friends and split the chicken nachos and the carne asada super burrito. Both were ridiculously good and satisfying. Carne asada super burritos are always a good choice but this one was particularly yummy. Everything there is HUGE. The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because all the tables were dirty, there's really not much room to move around in there and it's not the best ambiance but I do get that people don't come here for the ambiance. The food is very authentic and is one of the better burritos i've had so cant't really complain all that much. Will definitely be back.
Decided to try this place cause my favorite DJ, Kaskade, really likes this place. LOL. Anyways, NOT what I was expecting. I was expecting an amazing taco place. And coming from SoCal, where I get some legit ass amazing tacos, I had some high expectations especially seeing that this place has 4 stars w/ more than 3000 reviews. Yeah, I did not like this place. First off, it is small & dirty but whatever, that's besides the point. So I ordered a carnitas taco & it lacked flavor. Even putting some salsa on it didn't do much. I was disappointed. The carnitas also did not taste fresh & there was a weird taste to it. I only ordered one item since I had already been eating a lot that day so I don't know, maybe their other items may be good. But if I ever do come back here, I won't be ordering the carnitas tacos anymore.
Overall 4.5 stars!Pretty fast service. Ask for water cups.Food was soo good. That carne asada super quesadilla really hit the spot. We ordered some great fries....and a burrito. I don't know what we were thinking being just two people, ordering a buttload of food. Of course, we did not finish it. But we took the leftovers home. It took a but of time to reach the cash register to ask for some to-go boxes. They are busy! But when we did, we got some great salsa and green sauce - omg yessssssss - took it home...and ate leftovers for days...DAYS!! Eat here if you want to get your grub on and prepared to have that ol' greasy food coma status coming your way. You have been warned! But it is so worth it. We are in the mission so expect the grittiness of it all. But it just adds to the ambience hahah.Would recommend? Yes! Come sober up here, or just come hang with your friends here...or come grab it to go. Worth a try and then some :)
El Farolito, you are the stuff of gods.The boy-o took me here on one of our first dates many moons ago, and this definitely scored him many points. Everything I've tried from El Farolito is absolutely fantastic - you literally should just order a huge assortment of tacos to find your favorite meat, but their lengua, pollo asada, and al pastor are glorious.The salsa bar is super legit too (salsa verde, I dub thee perfection). Yes, there may be a bit of a line, but it's worth it. Also, bring a buddy if you have to use the bathroom (it wasn't locking when I went).I'll make sure the next time I return isn't in 3 more years!
Racists. They didn't know I spoke Spanish. I am from San Diego so I asked for carne asada fries and they could have just said no but instead they started talking shit about black people. Then they ruined my order. I was a returning customer until tonight.
Really?! Not again Yelp, why do you like to fool me? This place is no bueno! I really don't get the fuss about it. It's dirty and the tacos aren't good. They lack flavor! It's just meat and taco shell. Nothing more! I love beef stomach and eat it frequently, but this one was disgusting as if it wasn't clean enough... eewww. We ordered four ate two and left the other two and went ate somewhere else.
This place is all hype. Went once in the morning it Sucked went a second time in the evening to see if maybe the cook sucked but it still sucked. The burrito was packed with rice hardly any meat. LameIt's all hype.
Hungry and in the Mission? El Farolito is the way to go! Yes, it's loud, dirty, sticky, and cramped with a few tables inside, but you will overlook that once you get a taste of that Mexican flavor...oh, my goodness...that burrito is long, large, and practically OVERFLOWING with all that good stuff. Yes, you will definitely see a line here, but it's worth the wait! My boyfriend and I shared a burrito because they were huge. We thought we wouldn't be able to finish one on our own, but damn it. I should have ordered my own burrito.
This place is as dope as they come. I mean.. It speaks to me. They have beer and excellent food at VERY reasonable prices. My buddy ordered an al pastor super burrito and I ordered an al pastor super quesadilla which were both $6.75 (around $7.35 with tax) and AMAZING!! Best of all, the al pastor was fresh off the grill! The beer is between $3 and $4 which is about average. They have a decent selection given it's a taqueria.Late night food doesn't get much better than this. Give me some Mexican and some brew and I'm a happy camper. Not to mention, it's conveniently located to BART.
I hate to give it a 3 star but firstly, this place is disgustingly dirty. And I'm from NYC so that's not saying much. We don't get good Mexican out east so my fiance and I wanted to dine out here on our last day.. it did not compare to La Taqueria down the street, which we opened our trip with. I'd describe this place like a stationery taco truck - everything's done on the griddle. We split 5 tacos and needless to say, that was WAY too much given the fact the double tortilla tacos are huge here. We had the pollo (a little dry), pork al pastor, carnitas, carne asada and chorizo (my favorite! Very crispy, and seasoned and charred).  After a while, the meats tend to taste the same, minus some seasoning here and there. They dont have veggie tacos but they do have tripe and what not so .. come if you dig meat. We shared a side of regular nachos which we didn't care for.. it was store bought tortilla chips with too smothered/messy refried beans, sour cream, avocado, and jalapeno (these were sliced whole- very good).The green hot sauce and pico were good, though. Don't get me wrong this place is good.. there ain't a line for no reason (though we did come at Friday dinner around 6pm) but it does not compare to La Taqueria. Service is good though (fast, courteous) and prices are cheap.
FINALLY tried El Farolito after living in SF for a full year - worth the wait and deserves all the hype. Disclaimer: Don't be put off by how gross this restaurant is - the floor has spilled salsa all over it (not sure about the green stuff...don't think about it). The food is worth dealing with how unsanitary it is and if you're in the right state of mind when you arrive, you probably won't be too worried. Food:+Veggie burrito - HUGE portions and DELICIOUS. Get it. Say light on the sour cream, thought there was a bit too much. +Nachos - also huge portions and really fresh and warm. Recommend the burrito over this if you're going with one dish. Tips:+Line out the door but it moves relatively fast+Cash only+Limited seating +Their green salsa is everything - get it! Can't wait to be back!
I had the Carne Asada Super Burrito and it was fantastic. There's a decent amount of meat in the burrito. The "super" part of it is the guac and sour cream that creates the ooziness factor which makes it so good. Put on the green sauce and it's a wrap!Wished the chips were free, costs 65 cents but we had to get a couple baskets to avoid that awkward one chip sitting there, taunting everyone to eat it but nobody will. But consolation prize is that they serve beer to keep the party going/ induce bad decisions. Which, let's face it, if you're eating a burrito at 2am, your decision-making skills are shoddy at best.Full disclosure: I was buzzin'.
I try not to curse often in reviews (class act right here), but... come here and get the f*u*king asada quesadilla suiza. It's phenomenal. Feels like a burrito without the rice (worst part) and then squished in a panini press. It's the perfect blend of carne asada, cheese, sour cream, maybe some guac? I dunno. All I know is that it's one of the best Mexican fast food dishes I've ever had. Let the grease roll down your hand, dunk that suiza into their homemade salsa and listen to yourself crunch into the best late night bite around. Ok, I've made myself hungry. Gotta go...
Over 3500 reviews on Yelp. Some say it is the original Mission-style burrito. Esquire magazine said it will even change your life...Back in Boston we have a local taqueria called Anna's which is described as "Mission-style". I always wondered what that meant. I honestly assumed that meant it was Mormon. 1 out of 10 of you will get that. After a day of snapping pics of the Golden Gate bridge (because tourists) we decided to swing by El Faro for an authentic Mission burrito. The Mission district itself smells like urine and beer. This might be the only part of the city without a Michelin Star restaurant. El Faro is very tiny, very packed, and slighty dirty due to all the presumably drunk people devouring burritos and leaving crumbs everywhere. We ordered a couple Super Steak Burritos and sat down. A few minutes later, 2 massive burritos were delivered to us. I honestly think a large amount of the hype here is with the size of the burritos. They pack the burritos with meat, rice, and beans which makes them uber filling. My only problem with that is you pretty much are only eating meat and rice and beans. I tasted no cheese, sour cream, or avocado whatsoever. So while it was a good burrito, it was not particularly balanced. We walked by La Taqueria which had a line out the door, so perhaps we will check them out next time. No offense to anyone who lives in the Mission but there probably won't be a next time.
I had just moved to this wonder we call San Francisco at the ripe age of 17. I was alone, hungry, and needed some food that tasted like my grandmother's. So I ventured into El Farolito and I have kept returning every single week. Now I'm 23 and have enjoyed most of the El Farolito menu and thousands of pounds of burritos! Yes, this place isn't physically appealing, especially with the the fruits and nuts roaming around the 24th and Mission Bart, haggling you to take some little papers about Jesus or begging for money. But they fade into a distant reality once you order a super burrito de carne asada with whole pinto beans! Don't forget a bottled sangria, chips, and at least a half dozen little salsa cups!The employees are nice and I've adopted some into my SF family. I always bring my friends here and at first, they are a little thrown off about it being small, crowded, and not the most spotless, but then they are hooked! They start bringing their friends and family here on separate occasions and I must remind them, "I made you!".El Farolito is a little gem in the Mission. Good food and good vibes!
Must be a hit or miss type of establishment. The portions are huge, won't argue about that, but there is no flavor. We had a quesadilla for two, half-beef half-chicken super nachos and a small chicken quesadilla. Nothing had flavor. My nachos literally had an entire broiled chicken breast thrown on them with salsa, again no flavor :( NO AC with 98 degree weather...let that sink in lol Needless to say, we won't be coming back to this flooded hipster spot.
El Farolito, YOU CHANGED MY LIFE (at least in terms of eating burritos and Mexican food).Honestly, as a kid, I HATED HATED HATED burritos because I had a really bad burrito at school and it made me vomit. I was afraid to try anything remotely similar. El Farolito comes into my life and HELLO BURRITOS WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE!?My favorite things to order are the Super Burrito and Super Nachos. Their Super Burrito is the best burrito I've ever had. I often ask for chicken and steak, but they have several meat options. El Farolito has the best deal on burritos and nachos. You can get huge portions for only $7-8 and it includes sour cream and avocado! The restaurant itself is quite small and lines do get long, but the service is quick. There's a decent amount of seating and a public bathroom as well. In addition, they offer a range of mild to spicy sauces for free. El Farolito is well worth the travel and wait. Very good prices and food. Do note that it is cash only and lines are long during the dinner rush as well as Friday and Saturday nights for the drunchies.
I do not know how I have not written up this place yet but now that I no longer live in CA--they say you don't realize what you have until it's gone--I miss El Farolito. I miss your super quesadilla suizas. Those quesadilas are probably one of the best things I have ever eaten. If I were on that show Best Things I Ever Ate--that dish would likely be something I would talk about. True most people I know come here late hours, they are open until 3am or 4am which is magical all on its own. And yes they could have better chips, but why oh why would you waste stomach room on chips when you could have the biggest, bestest, tastiest quesadilla suiza? It is packed with melted oozy wonderful cheese and so much meat and flavor and spices. It really is phenomenal and I wish I lived in SF and could go get one right now. Their tacos are also pretty spot on as well and my friends also rave about their burritos too which are also gigantic and packed with all kinds of goodness. This place is not that big inside though so late night in particular it can get quite crowded and they do have a restroom but it isn't usually the cleanest in the world, but late night we all need a super quesadilla suiza. Who doesn't?
The lines late at night on the weekend are unfortunate.The overzealous, intoxicated characters invading your space in said line while you wait to order are unfortunate.The entire scene is kind of a nightmare.But the food's real good. And at the end of a long night, that's all that matters.
Wow, is this place over rated! Things are fresh, but everything is weirdly over-salted, the salsa is bland (and also over-salted) and the chips gotta come from Costco. The burritos are big, but given that they're not too good that's not necessarily a good thing. Beats me why there's always such a big line. I'm guessing it's all bridge and tunnel folks that are afraid to try anything else. Pretty much any burrito place in the area is as good or better.
Cheap. Fast. Delicious. If those three factors don't get you to come here then you must be someone that's hard to please. I arrived here on a Friday night around 1:45AM. If I had arrived 15 minutes later, I would've been waiting in a longggg line for some tacos. Luckily, I was in a line that ended right at the door. The line moved pretty quickly. I ordered 4 tacos (carne asada, chorizo, and 2 al pastor) for $11.00 CASH ONLY. They gave you a slip with your order number on it and you either snagged a table or patiently waited on the side for the your number to be called. They don't exactly go in order either. There's a small salsa bar available and small to-go containers for you to take some on the run. We decided to take our food to go since the place was getting pretty crowded. We drove up to Bernal Heights and enjoyed the view while chowing away at these scrumptious tacos. It was PERFECTION. The tortillas were study and held up the abundance of meat. The Al Pastor was definitely my favorite, but my sister favored the chorizo. She loves chorizo anything basically. The meat was full of flavor, but wasn't dripping in sauce which was great because the tortilla didn't get super soggy. The saltiness of the pork mixed with the sweetness of the pineapple flavors is the perfect combination and El Farolito executed it wonderfully. The best part is that they're open late! Forget drunk pizza eats. It's all about drunkenly devouring tacos/burritos/quesadillas nowadays.
Coming from Southern California where we have an abundance of authentic Mexican food, I was both excited yet skeptical to try el farolito because of all he good things I had heard. This tiny little place in the Mission definitely lives up to the hype!From being able to watch food being prepared before you order (doesn't help making a decision - everything looks amazing) to the actual food, this was an overall great experience. The food itself tastes very fresh and portions sizes are generous. I highly recommend this place and also recommend splitting your meats in half (I did half chicken/half carne asada)!
Came here late night and the line was out the door, and now we definitely know why. The food was cooked perfectly and all the ingredients were fresh. We ordered a lot of different things to try it all but the best was the super burrito with carne asada. The prices were really decent considering the huge portions. Definitely check it out!
Beware: the portion for the complete meals are ridiculously HUGE. The Enchiladas were so delicious. Must try!! The foods awesome but the place feels a little unsanitary and it gets very crowded.
Burrito perfection! When I was a kid, every once in a while as a treat, my parents would let us eat something that wasn't Korean. Quite frankly anything non-Korean was wonderful, but one of our favorites was when our parents would buy us a burrito from some hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Central LA. I have no idea how my immigrant parents knew about this place, but that restaurant made the best burritos that we've ever had. Whenever I ate that burrito, I wasn't simply eating a burrito, but I was traveling the world. It took me to a place that was so different from what I lived in my every day life.That restaurant closed up, moved, or disappeared. We don't know. All I know is that we were no longer able to find that restaurant and its delicious burritos. We've had other good, even great, burritos, but they weren't the same. Last year I promised Ben to bring him back from burritos from California because the burritos in the East Coast weren't cutting it. He was skeptical that a Mission burrito would be better than what we could find in NYC. I was on a Mission to find him the best Mission burrito. Thanks to the great Yelpers, like Daniel L, I found El Farolito. I didn't even taste the burritos. I bought them and went straight to the airport.We had them the next day. If the burritos were THIS INCREDIBLE a day old, then imagine how much more insanely delicious they would have been fresh. We gobbled them down and eagerly awaited for my next trip to San Francisco. These burritos brought back memories of the burritos of my childhood. We've had the al pastor and the steak burritos. Although there are absolutely no complaints about the steak burrito, I prefer the al pastor because I think the meat is a little juicier and more flavorful. What really makes the burrito stand out are the pinto beans. I don't know how they cook them, but the beans are so tender and flavorful and really meaty tasting. I would gladly eat bowlfuls of their pinto beans. The flour tortillas are also very delicious, almost flaky and very tender, but still hardy enough to contain the overflowing deliciousness.This year I bought three burritos, but I was on the plane wishing I had four.
Everyone recommended it as the one burrito place we must check out when visiting SF since the food is as close to Southern Cali food that you'd get in SF. I was not the least bit disappointed. I ordered a lot (got the nachos with egg and a burrito). I don't love their corn tortilla chips so I skipped the nachos the next time I went and focused on the burrito. I got the carne asada based on recommendations here and it was amazing. I'm sure any of the steak dishes would be good but I thoroughly enjoyed the burrito.Tl;dr:+ *Cash only* !!+ Steak is amazing (burrito is a good choice)+ Corn tortilla chips+ They have Corona
I got the super chile relleno burrito and it was one of the the best burritos I have ever had. Plus it was large enough for two meals, and I love next-day burritos. Also got the regular nachos and they were awesome! Very generous with the toppings, we actually ran out of chips before running out of toppings, which never happens. They claimed the rice and all of the beans were vegetarian. I have been lied to by taquerias before, but assuming they're telling the truth that makes for LOTS of veggie options.
Picture it...It was a classic night. We met up w friends.It involved a few (ok, several) drinks.It involved being out till 2 AM.It did not include an actual dinner of any sort.This was by no means intentional, it just worked out that way.You know what I mean?Anyhoo, on the way home, I experienced hunger. Mad, severe, all consuming, hunger.But it was after 2. And La Taqueria was closed.Damn.My man said he knew a place that would still be open...Enter El Farolito. Oh how happy I was to see those lights on. To see the customers. To be able to still order.So so happy!Really, the space itself is truly the poster child for total dive. It's very...disheveled. To be nice. But that's ok. We were getting take out.I just want them to produce a good al pastor taco, or 2.And they did.I loved my al pastor tacos. My man was happy w his burrito.El Farolito saved us that night. Or, rather, that morning.It was a classic night.
Seriously, at the rate burritos are pushed out here, it's like they make it rain (in burritos).Probably the best late night burritos in Mission. The green salsa verde hits the spot. You'll probably have trouble finding seats, so I suggest asking someone that's almost done eating if you can have their table; then hover politely. Add fresh avo to your order. Mmm!
From New York to San Francisco this is the best burrito I've had. It's exactly what a place with the best burrito should be. I had the super burrito al pastor the pork was juicy and sweet and you could taste every separate ingredient that they stuffed in there.
While visiting the Bay area, I felt compelled to check out burritos in the homeland of large burritos: Mission street. Per my friend's recommendation, we visited El Farolito, where we ordered the super burrito with steak. The front itself was pretty unassuming, as are many of the restaurants in the area. Out front is a simple sign, while inside an assembly line is waiting for you like a Build-A-Burrito Workshop.The seating seemed sparse, but was enough to fit everyone there (lunchtime on a Monday). There was music, then live music as a performer made her way down the aisle and serenaded everyone. It was a lively atmosphere and I could potentially see it as being a turn off for some people.The burrito itself was quite good! A homely version of the burritos we expect from the likes of Chipotle and Freebirds. Our friend ordered the quesadilla which looked absolutely delicious: something we'll definitely try if we're ever in the area again.
I just can't get with their lines! They need a # system or something like that. The line is like the entry to a Guns & Roses concert! However their food is really good, I have never got sick from any of the late night trips I've taken there. Veggie burrito for this bia...
...huh??I don't get it. We ventured out here after seeing El Farolito on countless lists touting their burrito as the "best" in SF. Being outsiders (from Boston, nonetheless!), I thought it'd be a great food stop during our West Coast trip.The verdict? So-so.Yeah, it's one of the better burritos I've had but their rice was a bummer. Rice should be nicely seasoned and cooked a tiny bit al dente, but El Farolito's was a hot mess w/ the grains all kinda broken and smushed together. There also wasn't quite enough cheese and the rest of the ingredients were good but not great. + their chips & salsas were substandard.I also felt pretty gross eating my food seated next to a filthy trash can w/ a clean view of their pretty nasty kitchen (I vividly recall seeing a roller suitcase stuffed on a high shelf of the kitchen area.. so random and why..???), so I'm sure this all added to my overall experience and low rating.Overall, I don't recommend it. Anna's Taqueria in Boston is easily superior, and if you're from SF, I'm sure there are even better burritos all around than El Farolito's.
There are multiple spots in the Mission District for this chain. It is a great hole in the wall for Mexican food. The portions are very large and reasonably priced. I ordered a chicken super burrito. A key to the super burrito is that it includes avocado. I usually finish all my food but I could not finish this burrito.If you are visiting San Francisco and looking for recommendations, please go to rookerville.com/2015/09/
Wow where to even begin!I live in the east bay but visited the mission district just for the burritos. I ordered a super burrito with steak and it was bomb! I can't emphasize enough how good it was. Not only was it good, but it was huge. In my picture you see it's as long as my arm, and very thick. The price was good, 7.75 I believe. I was full for the rest of the day; didn't even eat dinner. The atmosphere is very cool! It was crowded when we went (Friday lunchtime), but well worth the 10 or 15 minute wait. What made it even better was the mariachi band that started playing suddenly!I will DEFINITELY come back.
This place had great ratings so I thought I couldn't go wrong, but it just didn't leave up to all the hype.I tried to order a prawn taco, but they don't make those, even though they make tacos and they make prawns, but I guess it is too hard to put the prawns in the taco. So I ended up ordering a crispy carne asada and carne asada nachos. Their chips and taco shells appeared to be store bought, not very fresh. I asked for guac on my nachos, they never told me they don't make guac and threw some avacados on the nachos. The food overall was just okay. Prices are reasonable. Parking is very difficult in the mission.
Had a super burrito steak. Noticed the size as soon as I received it. It's huge. As soon as I took a bight I had a mouth full of rice. As for the seasoning of the steak if there was any I didn't notice it. Overall pretty plain flavored burrito had to drench it in Verde sauce. I don't know if I'll come back or personally recommend this spot. You never know though it just wasn't my cup of tea go ahead and try it out
I know the hype is strong with El Farolito. I was skeptical, but know what to order and you will be amazed.I ordered the chicken nachos the first time around. Huge mistake. The chicken here is pulled and not particularly good. Next time I went with the steak burrito. Out of the park amazing.At this moment, El Farolito has more reviews than stars in the sky (alright slight exaggeration). The line is out the door every time I come. Be patient, come at an off time, and bring cash! You will not be disappointed.Misc tips - salsas are spicy and unlimited - chips cost money - cash only - tables are surprisingly easy to come by: I've never had to wait in 5-10 visits
El Farolito is probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. I first came here a couple of years ago with my best friend, who grew up coming here for Mexican food. And wow, I was not disappointed in the least!Don't be drawn away when you see the line is long, because it actually goes faster than it looks. You'll be inside before you know it in the hustle and bustle of the crowded walkway, talking to the staff.I've had the following items from here:- Quesadilla Super Suiza: This honestly looked like a hybrid of a burrito and a quesadilla to me. But oh my goodness, was it tasty. Your choice of meat, with cheese, avocado, and sour cream, then wrapped up in a tortilla and grilled. Good for two people (or one of me). Highly recommend!- Pollo Taco: The chicken was so juicy and complemented really well with the salsa verde. Highly recommend this.- Carne Asada Taco: Again, the meat was done really well! But I still personally preferred the chicken. Albeit, I recommend this one also!- Al Pastor Taco: The pork was so tender and the marinade was really tasty. Highly recommend this as well.Also, I've never had trouble finding a seat whenever I dine in. Overall, I'm in love with this place. I've been coming back ever since, and I'm always eager to take my out of town friends here. Definitely one of my top places.
We came to El Farolito's because of the reviews on Yelp, and while we were overall satisfied with our burritos, I'm not necessarily sure if it lives up to the hype. I would give this restaurant 3/5 stars, but the service was excellent. We were fairly hungry after a long BART ride, and our orders promptly arrived.The burritos were wrapped fairly well although I've had better. In addition, the free avocado was a nice touch. However, there seemed to be an excess of sour cream and cheese, so if you're not a fan, definitely ask for less. There also wasn't really enough salsa (we ordered various super burritos) within the burritos themselves.Don't forget to bring cash, as the restaurant is cash-only!!
Gross, it's CASH ONLY! I honestly don't get the hype but holy crap what a line. They even had a big, buff security guard. I wish I had known to do some homework before coming here because they had a man with a notepad writing down your order BEFORE you can see the menu - or enter the restaurant. I ended getting a super burrito with carne asada (because that's all I knew) and you know what? Friggin' delicious. Not the best thing I've had in my life, but still pretty good drunk food. It's a really small joint and it does get crowded so yes, you will be rubbing butts with people. Not sure if the burrito was really worth the trouble, but it's sooo close to the 24th Mission Bart, drunk me might come back for more.
The super burritos here are simply amazing - so filling, juicy, full of flavor, and appropriately heated. The space is tiny. Lots of tourists as well as locals. Not the best sit-down place to eat and most people take their food "to-go". Side tip: you might want to share a burrito with someone because the portion size is quite large.
~Backstory~I've been visiting San Francisco more and more and i've been wanting to visit this place. My many failed attempts at asking locals a hypothetical, "It's late, I'm enjoying the night life, but I want a damn burrito. Where do I go?" Everyone I talked to said we don't really have that here. So luckily, my love for Kaskade led me to a post of him claiming he was in possession of the best burrito in the world. ~REVIEW~Depending on when you come I assume the wait could be long or nothing at all. However, there is a wait usually so don't turn around simply because you see a few people out the door. My group was lucky to arrive with ample time just before the bars closed. We waited no more than 20-25 minutes for food, which I have to say was worth every second. All of us were new to the joint and without really brushing up on the menu beforehand we ordered the Super Burrito (two w/ beef, one w/ chicken, and a veggie). They have three different salsas and containers to take on the go. The seating area itself was full with no available tables, so I would suggest having a friend go ahead to try and find a table while your party waits in line. There's also nothing wrong with taking it home or hell in the car. Let me ease your mind and tell you that this is by far one of the best burritos I've ever had! Everything else on the menu looked amazing as well so go now, stop reading this!!!
Get the super burrito for only $1 more than the regular. My husband liked my chicken more than his carnitas burrito but you can't go wrong either way.The chicken is super flavorful and plentiful. There's hardly any rice (filler) but the star is the burrito wrap. It has amazing elasticity, it's chewy, & it didn't break at any point of my meal. I was so impressed at how it stayed together.The guac, salsa, and pico de gallo is self service. The guac is pretty spicy and the pico was super on point. Don't try to eat the whole burrito baby in one sitting like I did. I'm still full the next day. They have tinfoil on the counters so you can wrap up leftovers for later..
The lines are always out the door, but don't worry, the line moves fast.El Farolito is comfort food for a late night junky like me. If I am not craving for pizza after a couple of beers, the next in line are burritos, tacos, or quesidillas, and thank goodness you can find all three here! Everything is delicious and I must say that it is one of the best burritos I've ever had in my life. I previously had their chicken quesidilla (crunchy tortilla with moist chicken), steak burrito (meat is a bit dry, but ask for refried beans and that makes all the difference), pork tacos (whoa, super juicy and the perfect portion. BTW it comes with 2 tacos), and lengua super burrito (SUPER juicy meat, might be the best I've had here!)I would say that El Farolito is always a winner. The staff is extremely nice and they work hard to please. Their sauces are delicious and is a huge complimentary. If you and your friends decide to cram into their small tables, don't forget to tell them you are eating in house so they can call your number and bring your food to your table. By the way, it's CASH ONLY.Enjoy!
I got the chicken burrito. For the price this thing is massive. Paid around $7 and got a burrito that is 2x the size of chipotle's. I'd come here again. Chipotle can go to hell
Wow! Great food! The ambiance? Hahaha let just say the food is good ;)We come here on a Saturday night, around 11pm. We had to wait for about half an hour! After you place your order is just a matter of minutes until you get called, and your food is ready.
Just glancing at this place, you would never expect it to be such a popular Mexican food joint with over 3,000 positive reviews when there are so many places just like it all throughout the Mission. It doesn't look special, but the food that they make absolutely hit the spot for me. I ordered a chicken super burrito (~$7.50?) and about 5-8 minutes later, a busy staff worker brought our orders over. The burrito was HUGE, and I started to wonder if I had thought this through. But I peel the foil, squeeze some lime (you gotta ask for it) and pour some green sauce before taking a big ol' first bite. And it was love at first bite. I don't know how I managed to eat more than half of this burrito because it was seriously so huge. But my stomach was so pleased I just couldn't leave a perfectly wonderful burrito behind. We fortunately didn't have to wait in a long line, but on our way out, the line went out the door. I expect this popular place to have quite a wait sometimes, but they seem to be on top of their stuff and can bring you your food really quickly. Of course, there's a bar of sauce fixings (the green one is my favorite) and jalapeos to add. The staff is friendly, even when they're stressed with so many customers to serve. Every once in a while, someone pays for the jukebox so a Spanish song will blare over the speakers. Since it's conveniently located right next to BART, I will most likely be coming back JUST for El Farolito. That's how much I love you.
A few facts that make this review incredibly credible:1) I'm from SoCal2) My childhood best friend is Mexican3) I can eat Chipotle every dayIn all seriousness, El Farolito is the best Mexican food I've had in the bay area. No other place compares with the guac-filled meatiness of this place's many menu items.Carne Asada Super Burrito + $8 in cash, that's really all you need to know. Walk away with all Mexican food cravings fulfilled.Oh, and always, always eat an entire burrito.
I came here with some friends from Texas (Austin, not Texas) who were looking for the legit Mission burrito experience. Enter El Farolito.The Quesadilla Suiza is the size of a baby. The super burritos are the size of a baby. Everything is the size of a baby. I made three meals out of the quesadilla and two out of the burrito. Can totally recommend the carne asada. The chips were nothing to write home about. The verde salsa was decent.I think a part of the charm of the experience is dodging the smelly, drunk, high weirdos at the BART station. I think the Texans especially loved that. *wink* YOU ARE WELCOME, TEXAS FRIENDS.Formal attire suggested.
The burritos at El Farolito were no smaller than an infant, and packed with everything good. Although the line might seem a bit daunting, it moves very quickly. On the other hand, plan to take your food to-go, because getting a table during rush-hour is virtually impossible!
For a taqueria, it's topnotch. The salsas are homemade, the agua de pia (pineapple water) was delicious and the floutas I had were also great. Not the most clean-looking place, but don't let that bother you!
My first west coast Mexican food experience resulted in the best burrito of my life. Wish I can make it back to try the rest of the menu. Get the super chicken burrito and thank me later. Huge portions, fresh flavors and ingredients, authentic vibes. It has that hole in the wall feeling. Nonstop busy for a reason. Mexican sodas are the perfect accompaniment. Tight space and not the cleanest interior or safest environment to be travelling alone in but this review is about the life changing food only.
After following fivethirtyeight's burrito bracket, El Farolito got added to my to-eat list by virtue of having the highest VORB (Value Over Replacement Burrito) in the land. I made it over to this location on Christmas Eve and luckily they were open. We were there for an early-ish (11:30) lunch and there wasn't any line, though more people were coming in as we were finishing up.El Farolito's reputation is well deserved. The burritos were amazing. I had half of a super al pastor burrito. The seasoning was tasty, and the meat and fillings were delicious. The burritos were huge and cheap. Half was plenty for lunch for me, and I split it with my girlfriend, who enjoyed it enough to risk food poisoning by finishing her leftovers after walking around with them all afternoon (eep...). We also got an order of chips to take advantage of the salsa bar. The salsas were good, but the burritos are definitely the highlight here.
Visiting from Los Angeles, my family and I decided to try this place out. I had the Carne Asada Super Burrito, and their burritos are very massive with tons of good flavor! Place was packed with a long line out the door when I visited, but definitely worth the hassle. My only complaint is that they need to start accepting credit cards to satisfy everyone, so BRING CASH. Other than that, I highly recommend this place if you're looking for the best Mexican restaurant in San Francisco.
Opens until 2:30am Dirty, but that's expected for a taco place serving food to drunk people.
El Foralito, Mission night scene this be the crack spotwhere hot chicks come through with Salsa, Pollo ven hot/dirty dirty legitimacy with Pastor and Tongue delicacy,side of midnight munchies and get-rich conspiracies/buzz to a buddy, talk with a fly,grimy tables is but a matter of mind/Drunk or sober, high like oragami planeyour wish for a tortilla to fold One Thousand Cranes/make one hundred similes,or just one metaphor.burrito not a bag for the poor,rich meat so juicy, call that Tasty Couture/Mami holler at copshipsters hit it and popone bite is all to work it and charmlet go the Bell and sound the alarm/Put the Taco Bell back on the pauseI'm talking El Foralito. This is Live Mas.foodkid fAAtcity
This place has been here for so long! And, anything that I have ordered here has always been really good! I have been coming here since the 80s! Just keep in mind that it's always busy! 24 the street is beyond packed but worth it!
Arrived 10 minutes before the 2 am bar rush could get in and placed an order for my group. Five burritos and two quesadillas. Bar rush came in and started putting down their orders. Within a few minutes they were getting my food. I'm sitting, wondering, "what the heck? I came in before the rush and already placed my order. Maybe mine is just taking longer?"I go up to the counter to check on the food and watch the cook finishing up an order. It gets wrapped and he places it on the counter next to the register person. I noticed he passed over 7 wrapped up items on the counter to put the one he finished closest to the register. Register person grabbed the closest item and called out the number. Every time he was done calling out and giving it to the customer, the cook would place another item in front of the 7 that were already sitting there. As the register person goes to pick up the closest food again I yell at him that mine is already done and sitting on the counter. They need to get my already finished food instead of ignoring it. As for the food, it's what you expect from late night Mexican for drunk people. Greasy, soggy, and you'll be feeling it coming up somewhere a few hours later. I ordered the al pastor super burrito and while juicy, most of the flavor came from the salsa and avocado. The meal was filling though and kept me hunger free all night.
AW MAN. I hate it when my review gets lost in a sea of thousands. Basically I am writing this for my own satisfaction. I JUST moved to San Francisco, this was my first official meal here. We came for lunch on a Saturday and, of course, there was a line. But it moves at a reasonable pace so don't you worry. You know when you spend years hearing things like, "Mexican food outside of Mexico and California sucks" And you're like no, but there are so many great places in city X and town Y that are amazing it can't be THAT true. Yeah, it's just freakin' true. The best tacos I've ever had and they were my first ones here. First of all, for two fitty a taco you get portions equivalent to TWO tacos on the east coast. I tried one marinated pork and one steak. They were so juicy, it spilled all over my basket. Every bite is bursting with that Mexican flavor we love, a bit of cilantro and onion and all that tender chopped meat. Also, the salsa and jalapeno bar. Why has this not caught on in the rest of the country? It's FRESH and actually HOT. Not accommodating and unapologetic to anyone who can't handle heat. My partner ordered the carne asada plate which he LOVED. The beef was thinly sliced and amazing. They also have a little side of seared scallions, such a nice touch. I promise I'l be back here when I'm schwasted and also when every east coaster comes this way to visit me! El Farolito, you will forever be the one who introduced me to the Mexican food I've been missing all my life.
Hands down the best tacos I've ever had in my life. I thought the ones I had in Mexico were the best, until I tried these. We went there last night past 12 am after a disgustingly exhausting day (not to mention the gloomiest, rainy and foggy weather) but that didn't stop people from lining up way out the door to get some bombass tacos and burritos. Ugh, I'm crying just thinking about how good they were.
My sister and I shared their super nachos (nachos topped with cheese, sour cream, refried beans, jalapeos, avocados, and carne asada), an al pastor taco, a carnitas taco, and a fresca. Tacos were huge and the nachos were really good! They are definitely generous with their portions. They also had a help yourself bar with different sauces and salsa. I just wish they had Super French fries!! The location we went to is open late until 2:30am, has a good amount of seating and is a little on the dirty side. I would def come back to try their beef and shrimp super burrito!
Hands down my favorite mexican joint. The super shrimp and meat burrito is the best. I honestly think they make the best burritos out of all the places I've been. A guy coming from la, I've been sorely disappointed with the mexican burritos they had to offer (only talking about the burritos)The burritos are just so darn juicy. The sour cream guac melted cheese mixed in with the Asada and shrimp..what more can you ask for? I also like how they don't overkill their burritos with beans and rice. A trend i commonly noticed getting burritos in la. They also have a wide array of sauces so don't forget to try each of them out to see what you like.
El is for the way you look at meFar is for how far I'd go for youO is for the only food I seeLito is not the way I'd describe the burritosOkay, so my rhyming skills are a bit off... but hello, delicious El Farolito burritos! When people raved about this place, I thought it was all hype. Boy, was I wrong!El Farolito has around 9 locations around the bay, but this one is the original. Thank goodness it's located right next to the BART station, cause I'm a pansy when it comes to sketchy neighborhoods. The restaurant ain't the cleanest... but like Vietnamese restaurants, the dirtier the restaurant, the better the food! With burritos, quesadillas, tacos, nachos, and more to choose from... I had to try their famous super burritos. The carne asada mixed with rice, sour cream, guacamole, and cheese wrapped together made me almost tear up from happiness. I was only able to finish half of my burrito and was stuffed!Everyone wrote about how they come here to satisfy their drunchies. This is definitely on my list of things to do. :)Chipotle, we need to talk. This isn't working out between us...
How does Mexican food compare between LA and SF? Is it the same? Are there geographical differences in taste that affect the flavors and ingredients used? I would argue that SF boasts better burritos while the tacos from LA rule supreme.You will likely find the best SF burritos in the Mission district. El Farolito is no exception to the rule. Based on other reviews I ordered a breakfast burrito and also a taco al pastor. I had heard the al pastor was in a class of its own, but I am a sucker for a breakfast burrito.My taco al pastor, at $2.50, was huge, very filling. Think two-three times larger than King Taco in LA. The al pastor itself was succulent, just dripping with flavor, and perfectly accented by onions and cilantro. The double corn tortillas somehow held together despite being overloaded with the pork. Great! 5-star definitely.My breakfast burrito was nearly a footlong, a beast of a burrito for only $6.75. It included scrambled eggs, bacon, chorizo, rice, beans, sour cream, cheese and guacamole. The bacon and chorizo were delicious, but with so many ingredients, it was a rather heterogenous meal depending on each bite. I used plenty of hot sauce, but alas, could not finish the entire burrito having already eaten my taco. 4-star.I think El Farolito continues the high standard of SF burritos. The al pastor is certainly preferable over the breakfast burrito. The "Bosses' Burrito" also caught my eye: shrimp and al pastor burrito, but at $13, seemed a bit pricey. But maybe next time?
Probably one of the best taquerias in San Francisco hands-down, hence why there is ALWAYS a line almost every night especially during the late hours after 12am when people are rushing to get their drunchies fix. Convenience-wise it's great since it's right next to the 24th and Mission BART stop and some of the Muni lines such as the 14, 12, 48, 67, 49 and 47.Since there's already a ton of reviews on this place, all I'm going to say is anything with carne asada is heaven. I know I'm pretty damn basic. But I'm sure all food and meat options here are delicious. It will solve all your Mexican food cravings no doubt.Take your food to go, since there's limited seating and the bathroom is pretty nasty.
You totally get a bank for your buck here! I was in town and as hungry as can be... It was also very late in the night, and to my surprise, this spot was open! I was overwhelmed by the menu and their prices! Everything looked really good and very affordable. I went with a super quesadilla, since I'm down for everything on my food! For $7.75 is worth it! It was gigantically huge! You can probably split it with a friend, unless your starved. It was the "quesadilla para dos" (for two) either! Quality of the food was there. Not an "omg" but it was still very good. I'm a sucker for tons of veggies and such, but I'm sure if you tell them, they can slap it on for you. . So, whenever you are hungers, like the Mexican stuffs, come here!
I lived in San Diego for 4 years and thought I knew what good Mexican food was. I simply must have not been going to the right places (with the exception of Tacos El Gordo in Chula Vista), because El Farolito literally changed how I feel about (Americanized?) Mexican food.There are a few things I like in my Mexican food (and this will obviously betray how uneducated I am about this type of cuisine): flour tortillas, cheese, avocados, pork, and sour cream. It comes as no surprise, then, that the super suiza quesadilla was heaven for me. Most people like to order the default (carne asada), but if you're a fan of pork like me, get the al pastor. The meat was so perfectly tenderized and juicy and flavorful...I only wanted to take a couple of bites, but I ended up eating half of it. There was also so much sour cream and so many avocados that the quesadillas were practically watery by the time we got home--but the fried edges were still crispy and perfect. And like I said, I LOVE sour cream. They do not skimp on any of the toppings or meat here. There is also some sort of hot sauce in the quesadilla, which gives it a kick. There are also three other salsas you can pack yourself in the restaurant. I tried the green one (which numbed my mouth for 5 minutes) and the regular salsa. The non-salsa red one is super spicy, so I was too afraid to try it. But the spicy green sauce and the mild salsa both went great with the quesadilla.My husband has been trying to cut back on meat so we had to get something vegetarian-friendly along with our super suiza quesadilla. We opted for the super nachos with fried eggs (you can also get it with your choice of meat) and I am so glad that we did. It's everything you'd expect with super nachos--refried beans, crispy fresh corn tortilla chips, avocados, jalapenos, tomatoes, sour cream, etc--but with 3 fried eggs on top. How utterly sinful. I can't believe we almost finished the whole thing, but it was irresistible.Since I'm not a fan of corn or beans, I still prefer the super quesadilla over the super nachos, but I think regardless of what you your preferences are, you'll find El Farolito to be SUPER.What's not super is the atmosphere. Not enough to drag this down to 4 stars, but the night we went a man who had just stolen some clothes (he was wearing the, tags still hanging out) ran out of the restaurant when a security guard popped up and grabbed some of the chips off customers' table while running by. So random. Even less random and less super was a crazy person running in, yelling, and then grabbing half of a poor girl's burrito before running out. The security guard was finally placed at the restaurant's entrance. He was in the middle of a verbal altercation with the clothing thief by the time my husband and I were leaving. Well, what can I say? Mission's deliciousness comes at a price.
We were dying to try one of the 'mission' burritos everyone raves about in SF, and found this place on Yelp (of course). I admit, we were skeptical despite the reviews.... most things don't live up to the hype (see my reviews of the Hollywood Sign and Walk of Fame). This place was a long, narrow hole in the wall in a semi-rough area of town. There were homeless people everywhere and crazies wandering the streets. The place looked like it had been there for decades, was cash only, and they shouted order numbers in English and Spanish. You had to squeeze past a line of people to order and get to a table. Seemed promising. My wife ordered the beef burrito, and I had the carnitas burrito. I added on the Mexican coke in a bottle, and we were given tortilla chips while we waited.  This place had to be legit--mission style burritos on Mission Street of the Mission District of San Francisco, right? OMG YES! These burritos were nothing short of amazeballs. I'm a doubting Thomas turned believer. Meat, rice, beans, cheese, pico. That's all it takes for a mouth-watering, tortilla-wrapped bundle of goodness.  Did I mention they were HUGE? Think a venti starbucks cup wrapped in aluminum foil, and you're almost there. The cost? $7.00.If you're ever in San Francisco, do yourself a favor and try this place out. It's well worth the trip.
TL;DRSolid, cheap, unhealthy Mexican food that hits the spot.I came here last night and got a Super Suiza quesadilla and a side of chips. Service announcement: the Super Suiza is plenty big enough for two. Really. When you look at this pictures of the quesadilla on the Yelp page and see two things stacked on each other--that is one quesadilla. So, in short, it's a large quantity of food for under $8. Also, make sure to get the free salsas at the end of the line. For those who cannot handle spiciness, please do yourself a favor and go purchase some Pace mild or medium salsa at the store. The salsa options at El Farolito will are all quite spicy or at least have that post-consuming habanero pepper kick in your mouth (and throat and nose). That said, all of the salsa was gone by the time I finished my meal!
Their lengua burrito, da best !!!Parking is tricky !
I can see and taste what all the hype is about this place.Came on a Friday evening for dinner and the place was packed! I shared a super burrito with my boyfriend, along with super nachos. Both were so delicious and what I really liked was how quickly the food was prepared and came out (I was starving). This place gets the job done and it deserves the never ending amount of business that it gets.
One of the best Mexican places I've been to! I ordered a carne asada quesadilla. It has avocado slices, sour cream, salsa, and cheese. Delicious form first bite to last. I preferred this over the burrito because I'm not a huge beans and rice fan but if you are, go for the carne asada burrito. Would definitely come back if I was in the area and craving Mexican food.
Hands down best burrito I've ever had. After doing a little research, my fiance and I decided this was going to be our burrito destination in SF. El Farolito is often listed as one of the best burritos in SF, so this was our treat after a 20+ mile bike ride around the city checking out tourist sites.The place is a bit of a hole in the wall, cash only, with counter service. I ordered the super burrito with carne asada. My fiance opted for the chile relleno burrito, plus we got some chips. There was a salsa bar as well, so we had lots of sauce options. The chips were the most disappointing part - mostly because they're just regular plain chips, nothing exciting and I don't believe they were made fresh (just didn't seem like it). But who cares about chips when your burrito arrives and it's the size of your arm? Literally, my burrito was the size of my forearm. It was by far the best burrito I've ever eaten. Embarrassingly, I love Chipotle. And this isn't even in the same class as Chipotle. Every single component, from rice, to beans, to the real star - the carne asada - was fantastic. I was only able to eat half, then I wrapped up the rest and took it with me for a snack on the plane. I've been dreaming of this burrito since we left SF and wish we could get something even remotely similar here in DC.I didn't try any other burritos in SF, so I can't say it's *the best*. However, I can say that I'll return every time I'm in SF, and maybe even make a weekend trip across the country specifically for this burrito haha. The value was great and the taste was amazing - highly recommend!
NOTE: Cash only.Holy Giant Burritos! This place had amazing reviews, and everyone we talked to before coming to the San Fran area insisted we try a Mission Burrito...so in we went! They have a tight squeeze throughout the place and it definitely has a diner / dive vibe rocking. You can smell the delicious from the street and you know you have arrived at a place that can make you burrito dreams come true and convert you into an understanding as to why San Fran natives rave about them.We ordered from the menu, although I'm sure they can make you whatever you want so long as the ingredients are there for doing it. The staff was friendly and moved through the constant line at a decent clip. Since we had to park a little ways away, we opted to eat in and our food was served up in foil wraps placed into baskets. They were huge, huge burritos. Think...a regular sized red brick, but made of delicious.Overall: AHave cash on hand, be ready to order when it's your turn, eat there for a full experience!!
If you're in the Mission and you're craving yummy fresh authentic Mexican comfort food, stop by El Farolito, which is close to BART.Delicious super burritos and the carne asado grilled to perfection.Vaya con hunger games and stagger away "with a happy belly" and smile.
The food truly does live up to the hype. I was so blown away from my carne asada super burrito; it literally may have been the most flavorful burrito I have ever had. However, I had to dock off a star for the space. It's fine that the place was small and had limited seating, although the line out the door got annoying when I did finally snag the table right at the entrance. What bothered me was the trash that was shoved in between the chair and the wall. I understand that all the employees were so beyond busy dealing with the constant crowd of people, but at least take a look around to make sure there isn't trash lying around.But still, the food is off the charts so I think it still deserve four stars!!
Despite the hype about El Farolito, I was disappointed when I came here. I got a super burrito (pollo), super nachos (pollo), and 1 hard shell taco(pollo). The chicken was so dry I couldn't bite through it. The nacho supreme didn't have any chicken (was supposed to) inside, and the nachos got so hard and soggy so quick we couldn't even enjoy it. Overall, the experience was okay. Cashier ignored us multiple times, food was average ( Mexican food trucks are better), and I probably won't be coming back again! Time to scope out mission :)
SuperBurritos are super packed! A lot of food for a good price usually about $8 a burrito.If you want a place that'll fit you up El Farolito is the place.
Best damn taco place in town. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place El Faro is Bomb.com Awesome tacos, tons of meat, great burritos, ceviche, and the Torta is incredible delicious! I have dreams about the carnitas super suiza. The nachos are the size of your head x 2. Great place to eat amazing mexican. I try to go every time i'm in SF.
Best. Mexican food. Ever. Period. Done. Over.Ok now that my point has been done...let me fill you in a little. Being a local San Franciscan, I'm quite a snob when it comes to mexico food. But this is the spot. First off: the place is nothing to look at, typical hole in the wall. Do not, do not, do not, decide to not go here because of that. DO wait in line and order the most delicious thing ever. Plus, the line moves pretty fast. Tip:-Cash only. Do not make this mistake. You will be very sad. -Wait in line, it moves fast!-Get it to go, do not waste time trying to find a seat. Get it to go and if its a nice day its a quick stroll to Dolores Park. Grab your burrito and head on over and eat it in the park. Perfect day. -Open super late: perfect spot after spending the night at all the mission bars. Trust me, eating a burrito from here at 1 am is one of the most well known and well loved aspects of San Francisco.
Meh pretty much sums up my experience here. I...LOVE burritos. I've had multiple discussions about how I could probably eat burritos every day and be happy. I'd also heard a lot about how great this place is. "Best Burritos in the Mission" I was told, so maybe the hype just oversold it and I was expecting some magic burrito experience which is too good to be true.I got a carne asade burrito and the rice was kind of soggy and the meat was kind of meh and the tortilla itself was not that mind blowing.It was, however, a burrito, so just for being a burrito I'll give it two stars.
Giant burritos for a great price! Definitely the spot to come for late night eats. I got the super chile relleno burrito. Muy perfecto!
Let's ignore the fact that it took them so long to make my quesadilla suiza that by the time I finally got it, it was time for me to head back to work and so I had it get my food to go.Let's also ignore the fact that my co-worker who also ordered a quesadilla suiza (the difference being his was carne asada while mine was carnitas) had his food in 10 minutes while mine was no where to be found.AND I ORDERED FIRST.And just to be nice, let's ignore the nonchalant way the folks at El Farolito handled this miscue and gave me my food: no apologies, no "I'm super sorry about the incomprehensible wait, here's a free taco," no napkins, nothing. Oh wait, they actually did give me a couple napkins.Thanks.Let's pretend none of these things happened and just focus on the food.The quesadilla suiza was barely okay.Carnitas was on the drier side and didn't have any rich slow cooked flavors I associate with good carnitas. I mean it might fly elsewhere but not here baby. And overall, there was nothing exemplary about the food.The thing is the first time I tried El Farolito I ordered the veggie burrito and was not impressed, not disappointed but not impressed, which is why I thought this return visit would've enlightened me on why so many yelpers rave about this place.You know what?I think I'm done here. There's a bunch of other taquerias in the City that have better fresher food, better faster service, and where I can sit back and enjoy my lunch.And one of 'em is just half a block away and was voted best buritto in SF for 2014.Why did I come here?
Moving to San Francisco, I was concerned about finding great, cheap Mexican food. My friends took me to a couple of places in the city and I was sadly, unimpressed. I have pretty high standards for Mexican food since I lived in Southern California near Santa Ana. Finally, someone took me to El Farolito....which meats my standards. (see what i did there?) Super burrito = bomb Super nachos with al pastor = !! (they have lengua and carne asada too)and don't forget the horchata or jugos....P.S. it's so authentic that it's cash only ;)
EL-i-LOVE you!There is nothing not to love about this place except for the line. Buuut, then it is kind of fun. It gives you a mini trip to Las Vegas, as when you walk up to the line you might want to say... A burrito. By the time you get to the front of the line you're debating between the tamales, One of the many amazing burrito options, or a taco or two. I always blurt out chicken burrito at the last second..laugh...then pay. I am always happy with my selection. It seems like three pounds of heavenly goodness. Game on..with a lot of mmmm...mmmmm goods going through my head.
Super popular spot! The burritos are great. I loved the al pastor. There's a bit of a wait since there's so many people but it's worth it!
The best place to go when other places are closed. They're open till 3 or 4am? Their food is great. I like the Flan, Chicken Quesadilla, the refried beans and chips and salsa. They're located right above a bart station and it doesn't seem like a nice area but regardless of that its still an amazing place to try and cheap too.
Still great food!! Now they add shrimp to burritos?! Sooooo delicious. Just stay away from the Mexican bottled sodas. $2.75?!??! That is WAY too expensive. Get a beer instead!!
Ok! Time to give a review for this place!This burrito is definitely one of the best burritos I've ever had the opportunity of eating! I hold this burrito in comparison to the amazing burritos that I have had in San Diego, which are my absolute favorite...UNTIL I HAD THIS ONE!My friend and I split a Super Burrito with Al Pastor I believe. We had it with black beans, rice, SOUR CREAM, pico de gallo and cheese. 5 Stars! Hands Down. If there is a burrito to get in SF, this is most likely it!Keep up the great work guys!
CASH ONLY!El Farolito is a fantastic hole-in-the-wall that is literally right next to the 24th Street Mission BART station. It's great for dinner as well as for a drunken meal (closes at 3:30am on Fridays and Saturdays!). Expect a long line if you get here after the bars are closed, but the wait isn't very long.The Super Burrito ($7.75 + tax) is the only thing I ever get here, and it's what I've convinced all my friends to get. It's delicious and very filling -- I can only ever eat half of it in one sitting. There is a salsa bar, so load up.
I have been lucky enough to try a variety of Mexican places all over California and as much as my friends from San Diego try to fight me on this, NO PLACE TOPS EL FAROLITO. Easily my favorite burrito place in the world. I try to take everyone I know here, regardless of where they are from, and anyone who has come with me agrees: every item is amazing. The best part is that it's right off of Bart and I can grab a burrito to go before heading over to AT&T Park or Dolores or if I'm headed to the airport or anywhere really. My favorite is the al pastor super burrito. Just go here, have a burrito and try to tell me it's not the greatest.
So good! I love their quesadilla super suiza. It's loaded with meat and all sorts of good stuff. It's perfection and served piping hot and everything is creamy and melts in your mouth delicious. Tacos and burritos are also good. Portions are undeniably generous and prices are more than reasonable. Service is fast and friendly, but minus one star for cleanliness, but really, you come here for the food and nothing else really matters. Finding a table can also be quite difficult.
Great food and allows "service" animals! BEST salsa verde!!!
Bombbbb. I love Mexican food and this place is quick and easy to go. Hole in wall but delish
Great late night spot. Very good food. Repeat spot.
I ended up splitting that $7 burrito into 3 meals - that how much food was it. Decent food, for cheap. That's what I call "affordable city living"
Sorry, I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, Chipotle, or burritos, but I will say that this is my go to place for a good quesadilla. And all my friends would agree that this is the best place to get a burrito. When I come here I usually get a super suiza quesadilla ($6.75), and it's good enough for two people (At least I always split) The portions here are large, prices are cheap, and the place is open until 3:30am on Friday and Saturday nights. The place itself is pretty small, could get noisy in the AMs, and is a little dirty looking, but what do you expect? Just wipe the tables off with a napkin. It's also located conveniently right by bart.
This is my second favorite place to go in the Bay Area for a burrito. The fact that it is open so late really helps when everywhere is closed. Its super consistent and I've had great burritos here, it does get busy sometimes and the place isn't that big but it is an experience nonetheless. Some people say its the best burrito spot in SF but I haven't to La Taqueria yet so we'll see about that...
Soo good! This is a hole in the wall place. Don't expect a clean place but expect to be served good food! Ate the cabeza taco and al pasto super burrito (which includes avocado). But everything was delicious!
This place keeps it one hunnid on authenticity and taste. Verified by my friend whose been eating Mexican food his whole life. Quotes from the meal:"Crap need to go to the ATM real quick""Wow these chips are so good. They have BODY""This meat is just so fresh. So well grilled""This quesadilla dude...I can't even""I'm so full but this is just too delicious I can't stop eating"TLDR:-cash only -get the quesadilla-try the chips-can't go wrong no matter what really
+Insane amounts of food (super burrito w/ al pastor put me in a food coma for a good 5 hours)+Great prices (don't think it's possible to get 2.5 pounds of food for $8 anywhere else)+Best burrito I've had (followed very closely by La Tacqueria)-Ambience (if you're looking for ambience, head to La Tacqueria)
Wow, this place is amazing! I heard that this is one of the best Mexican joints in the whole state of California, even competing with those in SoCal. I must say, it does live up to its reputation. My friends and I all decided to share a shrimp super quesadilla, a carnitas quesadilla, and 3 hard shell tacos (carnitas, carne asada, and al pastor I believe). Oh my goodness, EVERYTHING WAS DELCIOUS. The quesadillas were made perfectly with loads of flavor! It's that cheap "dirty" Mexican food that everyone loves to enjoy. Be sure to have lots of napkins because it's messy! The tacos were delicious with a good crunch. There was more sour cream that I wanted but still very tasty. Overall, a very good place and I'm glad I stopped by before leaving SF. Know that they only take CASH however and the lines can get pretty long. The area is a little sketch but as long as you aren't doing anything stupid, you'll be safe!
Ordered tacos, super burrito, and nachos.. all asada.. extremely delicious highly recommend. Can't say more. Wow.. had to check and see if abuelita was cooking. My taste buds got me confused
This place came in clutch when I needed a burrito most. And for that, I thank you, El Farolito.BEWARE it's cash only. Food was great and inexpensive, and the line moves pretty fast. Open late for you night owls out there.
Don't get the hype. This tastes like 2 am drunk food, but I had it at 2 pm in the afternoon and was not impressed. My burrito and quesadilla was just a HUGE sloppy pile of meat and cheese. Felt like quantity over quality. So much cheese and sour cream... Maybe that's why everyone likes it so much. I like cheese too, but that's not why I'm eating a burrito. I thought it made the flavor profile flat. Everything was soggy and greasy.
Come with a friend and split a burrito and get an al pastor taco each. Yelp is forcing me to write more when there really isn't much to say about El Farolito. It's just so good. What's there more to say?
I told myself I would not be giving out so many 5 stars anymore. But I have to tell you, this place deserves the 5. My friend has been raving about this place for about a year now. I just have not had the chance to try it until this weekend when I was finally able to go visit the Bay.At first, we got the name mixed up and almost went to the wrong burrito joint. Thank goodness for Yelp to lead us in the right direction.The place is literally 10 steps away from the entrance of Bart (24th and Mission). It doesn't seem like much nor does it seem like it would be a delicious place... boy are looks deceiving. The line was about a 15 minute wait out the door until we were able to order. The service was great and very quick. My friend is vegetarian, so we ordered the vegetarian menu items. We got the super veggie burrito with extra avocado, the nachos, and the horchata. Looking at their cooking, I would love to come back and try their meat burrito some day.The minute the burrito came to our table, I was blown away by the size of it. Think of a Chipotle burrito attached to another Chipotle burrito. The length was so large I could not believe what was in front of me. It was great... I could not wait to take a bit into the deliciousness. First, we attempted to eat the nachos with real Mexican queso and loads of avocado chunks on top. The dish was excellent with the perfect amount of toppings to make the chips go a bit soggy. I was getting full just by the nachos...and I split them with my friend!Next was the demolition of that burrito. The first bite was fantastic. The second bite was excellent. The bites just got tastier and tastier. The super veggie was filled with rice, re-fried beans, double avocado chunks, salsa, and cheese. While it is hard to make an A+ veggie burrito that looks filling and is filling, this place hit the right notes. I could not finish it. I ate about 2/3 of my burrito and was sad that I could not continue eating the best burrito I have ever tasted. Side note: the green sauce (avocado) was the perfect condiment to put on anything. You could taste the fresh avocado with the perfect hit of spice mixed in. From a vegetarian burrito perspective, El Farolito nailed it.And lastly, the prices are so affordable it's unreal. The burrito was about $7-8 for such a large quantity. Hint: They only take cash so be prepared!I only wish I took my leftovers to go back home to LA. On the bus ride back, I literally had dreams of biting into that goodness... time only waits until I am back in the bay and can experience the greatness that this place has to offer.
Umm no... just no...Decent burrito but definitely not the best - AND I had a few beers before consuming it. I can honestly think of plenty of other burritos I rather have eaten. It wasn't horrible but it did not live up to the hype. It was sort of bland. I'm almost upset that I wasted a meal opportunity here on my short visit in SF.
Very subpar Carne Asada super burrito and pretty disgusting inside. Wouldn't go back... even when drunk
Finally got to give this place a shot. I got the carne asada suzia quesadilla. It was so good and the portions are large. I just wish there wasn't that much oil from the meat. Defiantly recommend to anyone who hasn't been here.
El Farolito is as good as it gets. No wonder everyone says this is the best burrito in NorCal. Where have you been all my life?? (Answer: off BART Mission & 16th St)Everything about this taqueria is A+: how quickly the ridiculously long line moved, the price of the burritos, the SIZE of the burritos, how much meat they give you, the party in your mouth when you're eating the burrito, and basically everything else minus the sketch neighborhood.This is a MUST-HAVE when you're in the city and craving some good burritos.
Eating at Farolito's for the first time becomes a experience that is milestone in your life.You remember clearly your first bite- how you felt unwrapping it, how it melted into your mouth, how others looked at you in approving nods like "i get you, brah," i crave the super carne asada quesadilla often combo'ed with that green sauce tho. mmm.i'm a loyal farolito. Faro 4 lyf.
FYI: CASH ONLY!!!!! I normally HATE Mexican food so these four stars means A LOT!!! Came here around 3 AM on a Sunday morning after a long night of clubbing and this place was PACKED!! There was a line outside the door and every single table inside was taken! I looked around at what others had ordered and decided on the regular steak burrito ($5.75 and includes rice, light brown beans, and salsa). (Their SUPER Burrito--which comes with sour cream, cheese, Mexican rice, light red kidney beans, salsa, and avocado-- is pretty HUGE and only $6.75! Comparable to a Chipotle burrito!) I suggest omitting either the beans or rice and adding more salsa! You can even order a side of nachos for only $0.69!The wait wasn't that long either. Since everything is pre-made the workers are able quickly put everything together so max waiting time--from the end of the line to receiving our food--was around 15 minutes! Their salsa is SOOO DELICIOUS!!! Not too spicy but has enough kick in it to make you wish you would have gotten more before you left! (Similar to Chipotle's salsa) My friend swears by their green sauce (avocado based) but since I don't care for avocado I didn't try it :( There's also another, darker red, sauce they offer but it looks pretty spicy! Their food is definitely a 5/5!!This is a "hole in the wall" establishment so don't expect much from a cleanliness perspective (i.e. they fill their water bin with tap water, there are no food covers so bugs may or may not be in your food, salsa is self-serve...enough said, and workers don't have time to bus tables due to the high volume of people during the late night hours so you'll have to wipe down your own table--I recommend just taking it to-go!). Unfortunately, for cleanliness, I'd give them a 1/5!Overall, A MUST TRY!!!! Their burritos are AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!! A super burrito can probably be shared between two people and if you don't care for burritos they also have a lot of other items to choose from! (You can view their online menu here: elfarolitoinc.com) I saw a couple order their carne asada nachos and they were HUGE!! They don't skimp out on the meat, sour cream, cheese, and guacamole! You can't beat the prices here either!! Everything is cheap and service is FAST!
The super carnitas nachos are everything to me. They will change your life. They're the perfect post-bar food and actually just life food. Nachos.
This place is not fancy. It's not warm and intimate. Trendy and upscale have no meaning here. If you're on vacation and looking for a Mexican restaurant with a view, good for groups, and a Michellin Star, keep moving. BUT, if you're looking for amazing burritos, tacos, flautas, etc., then this is your place!Their Super Burritos are filling. Believe me, if I say they're filling - count on them being enough for maybe two people. This last trip, I finally got a chorizo & lengua super burrito...as well as a carne asada taco and an el pastor taco. Way too much food; no regrets. And I'll do it again next time!There is a line, but use that time to decide what you want. There is a bathroom, cold & uninviting. Attire is super casual and they're open late. While the establishment may be shabby to say the least, the food makes up for it. If anything, get an order to go:) Best Mexican food I've ever had in the US.
Best burritos in the Mission. Carne Asada Super Burrito is the way to go. Line can be long but it moves pretty fast, and they only accept cash. Getting a table can be a little tricky at times depending on the time of day. This is the only burrito place in the Mission I go to now.
I don't know if it was because I was starving or drunk or jetlagged from flying in from NYC or if this place is actually the holy grail of burritos or what, but El Farolito blew my mind at 3am on Saturday.Thank god for a place in SF that's opened past 2am. My New Yorker self was super impressed. My friends ordered me a Boss's burrito and it was literally the best burrito I've had in my life. I think it cost $15 and literally weighed as much as a newborn child. The meat was seasoned perfectly and oh so juicy. 110% worth it. I think I might come back to the bay area just for these burritos. I'm not even kidding.Oh, and I don't know if my friends just got all the spicy sauces or what but jesus lord all the sauces were so spicy. My mouth was on fire. I clearly can't hang but the chips were good and the sauces were good, albeit I was dying from the spice level.
Honestly, after all the great write ups this place got and having been in San Francisco so many times and missed out on it, my expectations were pretty high. I ordered, got really excited, found out they didn't put Carne Asada in my Super Carne Asada burrito. Luckily they didn't give me much trouble and made me a new one in under 2 minutes. And it was alright. I know, just alright was really not what I wanted to happen. But I couldn't lie to myself. It was just alright. The burrito was huge and had a lot of rice and sour cream. The steak was piled on too, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't that flavorful. Felt really bland to me. Maybe go with another meat or don't go "super" so the sour cream doesn't overpower everything else.
Dirty bathrooms but great food. The area is also sketchy at night, but worth the wait. Good luck on finding parking. We walked two blocks.
Cash only, efficient but expect a line. Loved seeing the steak/pork being fried on the spot in the place. Cheap burritos stuffed with lots of meat, rice, beans, made fresh on the spot and very delicious! Feel like this is 1.5-2 meals.
Came to El Farolito based on a Buzzfeed article saying it was a must try burrito. I had the super shrimp burrito, which was super, super good. My SO and coworker had the super burrito with asada and both had one asada taco. They said they weren't that impressed, that they've had better. My coworker is from SF and he said next time we definitely gotta try Gordo's.There was a line when we got there, but the line went quick. We weren't standing for more than 15 minutes. The place is small, but the flow of people going in and out is pretty quick. By the time we put in our order, there were tables available to sit down.Burritos were huge, but not sure I would pay that price to eat there there. The burrito was delicious and it was a huge, but I wouldn't go as far as to say that it was orgasmic.
This review gives five stars as long as the right things are ordered. The right thing being a super burrito in all cases, with one of: carnitas, al pastor, carne asada, lengua, cabeza, or tripitas. The chicken and chorizo have been disappointing to nearly everyone I've brought there.Crowded, hectic, cash-only, dirty. But oh so delicious.
Love this place. The burrito here is delicious and huge! The price for a super burrito is around $8.70 after tax so it's pretty reasonable. Will definitely come back.
Are you looking for affordable yet super tasty Mexican food? Look no further than El Farolito. I absolutely love this place. I come here at least once a week and during final week at school, every day. My favorite is the classic Chicken Super Burrito. For $7 something you get a huge burrito with plenty of meat and stuff to keep you full for an entire day. Not that I am too cost conscious, but I do want to point out their value proposition.The food is merely perfect, I have no complaints whatsoever. Because I love this place so much, I am willing to disregard 2 downsides:1, Location - you know Mission & 24th isn't the best neighborhood of San Francisco, and I certainly do not recommend walking around this area at night time. Not the restaurant's fault though.2, hygiene - again not the restaurant's fault. The place is quite dirty, but that's because there is always a long line, out the door so there's no way to clean up when customers are standing right next to you. I highly recommend El Farolito to all Mexican food enthusiasts and/or to everyone coming to San Francisco. This is a must visit place y'all.
So good. The carne asada super burrito & quesadilla super suiza (carne asada).. So good. It's a loud, narrow, and small place, but that doesn't affect the food. Cash only! And the lines get long at night bc drunk people get hangry, but it moves quickly. You're in line to eat some damn good food so be patient and excited!
I heard this was the best burrito in the state, and to be honest I was not too impressed. I got the Carne asada super burrito...it was good but pretty standard Mexican food in my opinion. I didn't really notice anything that would set them apart from other places. Chips tasted totally premade and almost costco-y Good to try, but just once.
Having been a loyal fan of the El Farolito location in the Excelsior District for many years, I was extremely saddened and disappointed in the quality of food and service here. I came here at 6:30 pm. on a weekday. There was a line that stretched close to the entrance. The narrow walkway is surely a fire hazard. One can barely squeeze by the line of people to exit the restaurant. The extra tables and chairs do not help the situation either. Upon waiting in line, there was a man who took orders to speed things along. I ordered a grilled chicken burrito, strawberry aqua frescas, and chips. It took another five minutes to reach the cashier to process the transaction. Please keep in mind they only take cash at this location. They also charge for chips. How much they charge is unclear because they have different prices for chips. One sign says 5x cents. The other sign says 6x cents. Surely having two different prices is some violation of fair pricing law. It took at least ten to fifteen minutes for the burrito to be made. The customer in line behind me even got his several burritos before my one. This made me furious because I had to get back to work. When my burrito was finally made, I took it and dashed out of there. It was so cramped, and nauseating being stuck in there. As for the burrito, it was disgustingly dry. The chicken was without a doubt, overcooked. It was such a let down. The other El Farolito location has onions and cilantro that they put inside the burrito. It makes such a huge difference. The aqua frescas was so diluted. Whether or not the ice had melted or they just water it down, it was a mistake to order it here. The chips were the only thing that was good. They were fresh and crisp. At the other locations, they are more stale. I guess because they give them out for free. I had high expectations for this place. I will pass on this location and you should too.
I am still on my quest to find a good hole in the wall Mexican place for late night grub. You know after a night of old fashions, you need tacos!We stumbled upon this place late at night and thought the line was insane so it must be good. An asada quesadilla (huge) and a crispy chicken taco later. It was good, but still not SoCal comparable. They did have a salsa bar, it was good but not as spicy as the homemade habanero salsa I am addicted to.On the downside, I wouldn't use the restroom here.
Obscenely good. The burritos are big, juicy, well-proportioned (not just rice and beans), and incredibly delicious. We got the carne asada burrito. Again, DELICIOUS. The location is "divey" and there is very limited seating. There is always a line out the door but it moves super quickly. Might be TMI -- my stomach is very sensitive to fried / oily foods, so I was hesitant eating here but it accepted El Farolito happily. My friend who brought me here is Mexican and comes often, and if I lived in SF I'd be here a lot too.
Super Burrito is super. That thing is massive. And tasty. Oh, so tasty.You can easily split this up for lunch and dinner or wolf down the whole thing if you can handle it. As I reached the last quarter of it, I realized I was getting to the point where I was so full I wasn't enjoying it anymore, so I did the memory of the Super Burrito a favor and stopped. Now I'm not enough of a mexican food aficionado to weigh in on the argument that NY doesn't have any good mexican food, so I'll just leave it alone. But the Super Burrito was damn good.
Super casual place with amazing authentic Mexican food.The quesadilla was out of this world and the tacos were good as well- definitely a little spicy. There was a line when we got there but it was well worth it.
This is an updated review from my previous one:The first time I came to El Far, I had super high expectations. My friend and I came around 8pm on a Thursday night, but of course struggled to really enjoy our food given the lateness and the fact that we sat near the door next to the cold. However, the burrito was great but not life changing.I came back again a few months later with a group of friends at noon time. I ordered the super quesadilla and my friends got the quesadilla para dos and also the super burrito was shrimp.First off, the super quesadilla changed my life. Every bite will take you to foodgasmic heaven. That green sauce with the carne asada cooked to perfection... there's nothing quite like it. I guarantee one will get you full and for the price... I've never had better. I usually don't like quesadillas, but this one was more like a burrito was hella cheese.My friends told me they loved the quesadilla para dos (but i suggest just get the super one; it has more ingredients). However, they all agreed the super burrito changed their lives. The shrimp was AMAZING. How can one place grill shrimp that well? I took a bite out of it, and I jumped right back to food heaven.I really encourage you to take the chance and try El Far. It's definitely on my list of best mexican places. I'll check out La Taqueria next time and see how it compares. Eat well and prosper,
BEST TAQUERIA IN THE BAY AREA. Don't be a hooligan.Sober or not sober; 12pm or 12am. The burritos and quesadillas at El Farolito never fail to keep me coming back for more. The perfect combination of carne asada and shrimp nestled tightly in a warm flour tortilla makes it the go to spot in the mission. Trust the reviews, hop on bart, get off at 24th St. Mission and change your life forever.
I've been coming here since I was a young buck. It's literally the best Mexican food I have savored, ever. Do yourself a favor and slap a quesdilla suiza in your mouth. You'll thank me later.
The cabeza nachos are where it's at! Do not, I repeat, do not be afraid of eating this meat just because it comes from the animal's head. You will not regret putting these juicy, flavorful little meat chunks in your mouth. I think the burritos here actually are a notch above the title-holding "best burrito in America" at La Taqueria, but to each their own. El Farolito es muy delicioso!
I tend to visit El Farolito on weekends, late at night after going out for drinks. At that time of night, the line is always long, with at least 10-15 people out the door. Trust me, wait in the line! This place is the greatest. The super quesadilla suiza is so delicious. I often get it with just cheese, but my friends rotate between chicken and steak. The quesadilla itself if very large (large burrito size tortillas). The fresh salsa bar is my favorite part. There are about 6 different types ranging from mild to hot, pico to liquid-like. Chips do cost extra (very minimal), but they are worth the add on to enjoy with the salsa bar. The prices are also very affordable coming in around $6 for a quesadilla with meat. The enchilada combo dinners and burritos are also outstanding!Do not be turned off by the appearance and atmosphere. Yes, this is a dive taqueria, but you will not be disappointed. CASH ONLY!
my friend goes there way too frequently, considering that it's a burrito place all the way in sf (she lives in san jose). an admittedly good burrito place, but still. her steak super burrito (burritos were $5-7) was filled with tender steak, orange rice, creamy refried beans, lettuce, sour cream, guac, cheese, and other tasty things. so tasty and satisfying that i ate the last quarter of her burrito even after having two thick ooey gooey mozzarella filled quesadillas (and this was after i had roast chicken noodle soup for lunch). the quesadillas, while the portion was generous and the tortillas nicely speckled and griddled, the cheese forming the thickest bed of mozzarella i've ever seen, were kind of boring and expensive ($4). the boring part was my fault; no one gets quesadillas expecting excitement. the salsas helped things; there was a red one that kind of looked like pico, but more red and pured. that one was spicy af, and it burned through my mouth for the rest of the meal. yay. the green one was kind of creamy and mild, and i liked that one. the food was good and satisfying most definitely, but it didn't wow me, per se. three stars- pretty great burritos, solid quesadillas, mostly at a reasonable price point.
I came straight to El Farolito after my doctor's visit ended on a great note. She told me I had great blood test results, some of the best results she had seen in a while. So I walked out of the doctor's office feeling like I deserved a pat on the back and a tasty super burrito from El Farolito! :P Best decision? Ehrr.. probably not, but I'll let my next set of test results determine that :)I normally stick to carnitas or el pastor burrito but this time I decided to go with cabeza. It was a great choice as the cabeza was very tender & moist (not fried, boiled perhaps?). I definitely over ate (didn't eat the rest of the day O_o) because let's face it, burritos are hard to save as leftovers. How do you reheat a burrito when there's sour cream and avocado inside it? So I ended up eating the meat and avocado and left the tortilla and rice behind. Washed down the burrito with horchata & it was deliciously satisfying meal... It even comes w/ food coma gratis!Arrive before noon on a Saturday otherwise be prepared to wait in a long line.
If you're looking for the new breed of fat free vegan Mexican fusion do us all a favor and go elsewhere. This place is all the grease, all the meat, all the cheese, lard in the refried beans. 4 types of salas, plus pickled jalapeo in the salsa bar with the questionable sneeze guard. The floors are dirty, it's funky(all locations), it's loud. It's local. And the food turns over so quickly that it's some of the freshest in the city.
Came here late night. Yes, big burrito. Steak Meat was over cooked. Interesting thing - no guacamole they give you real avocado. Chips were $.065. Sigh the other el farolito don't charge for chips. probably won't be back unless i'm really hungry...
Growing up in Southern California, I always had a bias towards Mexican food anywhere else. I think the best Mexican food is in L.A., hands down, but locals from San Diego and San Francisco would say otherwise.That notion of L.A. being the king of Mexican food has been somewhat knocked down (for now) as I finally have been revisiting Farolito's more recently. I first visited this establishment many years ago, but unfortunately didn't get the burrito that currently is above the rest.The "Super Shrimp and Meat" burrito which is about $12 and change, is a game changer. This burrito is not only the size of a half an infant, but the meat and thick, juicy pieces, of shrimp that's tucked inside, just waits for you to release it onto to your mouth and taste buds.Get some of the roja and verde in the salsa bar and call it a day. They also serve alcohol here, so, if you want a beer to go with your baby burrito, then, by all means. Place is cash only and parking can be a chore, but worth the scavanging for parking and waiting in the sometimes long line for the wares.
This place was crowded at 8PM on a Thursday night so you know it's good. Cash only, so come ready. $8 for a super burrito (by super burrito they mean monster burrito) is definitely something that I can get behind. I had to take the last 1.5 inches home, and ate it for breakfast two days after. It was so filling that it really did last me until lunch. If you can eat one in a whole sitting, you deserve a trophy.
I am a burrito aficionado and while I generally don't like rice in my burritos the steak super burrito was amazing. I strongly recommend it. I also really appreciated the atmosphere: hole-in-the-wall and off the beaten path. Made me feel at home. I highly recommend a visit.
The food here is legit!! After partying into the wee hours of the morning for NYE, I was craving Mexican food like no other. In comes El Farolito! I'm so glad my dining partner suggested this place because it hit the spot. I order the carne asada super suiza quesadilla and it was was sooo delicious! It was huge too! At first I was thinking, oh man...maybe I should have gotten a burrito but the quesadilla was just right for me. I couldn't even finish the entire thing. It basically had all the ingredients of a burrito except for the rice which was fine with me. More room for other yumminess! They were generous with the avocado and all the fillings also. I thought all the salsas at the salsa bar were kinda bland but whatever, I was totally satisfied with my quesadilla. And do they provide hot sauce? I like my food with a kick. If it were warmer outside, I would definitely take it outside to eat because the place itself is pretty cramped but none the less, I enjoyed my quesadilla and look forward to coming back!
El Farolito: I dream about this Mission burrito all the time. I have taken my parents and friends here with happy faces and full stomachs. Dare I say, this is my favorite Mission burrito establishment and makes me feel that this place compared to the Mexican/Tex-Mex SoCal. FOOD: I have gotten the quesadilla before, which is to die for, but I usually get a super burrito with carne asada. The burrito is so affordable, so filling, the size of the burrito is the size of my forearm. The carne asada meat is juicy, well-seasoned, and a good ratio to the rice, pinto, etc. in the burrito. The burrito is folded perfectly and wrapped in the beautiful metallic aluminum foil. I have yet to get an aguas frescas, but they look popular and good! After the few times I've been here, quality is consistent! SERVICE: Fast, fast, fast! Do not get discouraged from the long line, and you'll be rewarded and very happy. The tables, yes, may be a bit grimy, but they're busy making the best Mission burrito! They have three salsas on the side that people get tons to go with them. Tl;dr: bring cash. It is the best Mission burrito I have had ever. Affordable, and just exquisite. You won't be disappointed.
A hole in the wall mexican shop. Come hungry and pray for no line.we went on a friday night at around 8. short line, but moves QUICK. know what you want. no time to really digest the menu but you won't be disappointed. my friends got the quesadilla and burrito. both were HUGE. I had the carne asada tacos. skip the hard shell. soft shell is awesome. My favorite though was the tostado de ceviche. it's got bright flavors from the lime and shrimp with a crunchy bottom and buttery avocado on top. a nice contrast from the heavy burritos and quesadillas. you might need to fight for a seat!
What's not to love? Sometimes you walk in to a taco joint and know you're in for some good food. I recommend the tacos, either hard or classic, with chorizo. It was very filling and super cheap as light night tacos should be. You will be satisfied with these cheap, delicious pieces of heaven!
Huge, huge, bang for your buck at this place! We ordered the Super Nachos and Carne Asada Super Quesadilla Suiza to go. Unfortunately, the super nachos didn't keep well after the drive home, but the super quesadilla was definitely super. There is a long wait at this place, but it's worth the very affordable prices and yummy carne asada. If I were a local this would definitely be a go-to drunk food spot.
Let's just put it this way, this is NOT a fine dining establishment by any means. The bathroom is disgusting. The location is not in the nicest area of town. And the ambience or environment is pretty shabby. That said, the food is completely opposite. The carne asada quesadilla was very good and a nice portion size for the money. The enchiladas were ok. The food is quite good but $3 for a taco, I think it's a bit expensive, even though it's SF. I will stick to tacos in Southbay for $1.25.
Really JUST as good as everyone says.I went here last night with my parents for some good ol' Mission Burritos, and El Farolito did not disappoint. The line was to the door, which was a good sign - I knew that Yelp, and the locals were not going to lead me astray.I got a carne asada super burrito (that came with cheese, rice, beans, sour cream, and avocado). Oh man, it was amazing. For starters, it's HUGE! It's about the size of my forearm! How insane.There was a perfect amount of cheese, so you had a taste of it in every bite. Also, the avocado was a nice, fresh touch. For those of you who are skeptical about sour cream being too overwhelming, don't worry - there was just a touch of sour cream, which was great for me!I am a huge fan of El Farolito, and am so glad I was able to try it on my trip out to CA, but I wish I could go back already.One thing that sucks - don't worry, it's not the food - the parking is horrible! Be forewarned!Also, CASH ONLY! :)
Best burrito ive ever had. Area is kind of sketchy but dont be fooled. Also, its only cash only but the super burrito was amaZing and well worth it
Authentic (not Tex Mex) and very solid Mexican food in the Mission.There's always a line out the door so be patient. Food comes out fast enough and potions are HUGE. Order the burrito and you will know what I'm talking about. I got three soft shell tacos (chicken, beef, and pork); meats were all well seasoned. I also liked a couple of the salsas from their salsa bar.I've had authentic Mexican food in Texas where I had to get co-worker's help with ordering because they only spoke Spanish...but this place is tastier!
I am a BIG fan of seafood and Mexican food. Therefore, El Farolito is a great restaurant to visit, and luckily there are a couple around the city!This location is super ideal; it's right outside the BART station and can be reached by MUNI 14 & 14R. I am in love with their SUPER SHRIMP AND MEAT BURRITO. I chose the AL PASTOR meat, which was absolutely delicious and complemented the shrimp very well. As said by others, the shrimp is grilled perfectly; it's not dry and it's just the perfect amount of juicy. They give you free water and three sauces/salsas to choose from as well as big jalapenos. I highly recommend trying this.CONS- Unfortunately they have a new policy -- they don't give out free chips anymore! It's now 65 cents! But the sauces are awesome and taste amazing with the chips.- Cash only.- The super burrito was $14... pricey.- The restaurant isn't the "cleanest", very dingy looking.
Gross. Gross. Gross.OK, I didn't order a burrito, but after reading all the rave reviews, I opted to check this place out in lieu of going to Pancho Villa's with my friend, who was visiting from NY, and whose fave place was PV.I ordered the chiles rellenos platter and an horchata, and both were terribly disappointing. How can a Mexican taqueria fuck either of those up? Somehow, El Farolito managed to do both. The chiles rellenos were so disgusting, I only needed two bites to know, I was going home hungry. The first bite was only almost half way decent...the egg batter was soggy and the cheese hard and cold. The second bite was the one I spit out-- a very tough piece that was almost waxy. I wasn't even sure what I was eating.Then there was the horchata. Can anyone say diabetes? That drink had more sugar in it than there was beverage....How is that possible? Lastly, there is the issue of the aroma wafting through the dining room....If you ever wondered what a clean public urinal smells like, well, this is the place to be.It is safe to say I won't be returning to El Farolito....ever. And for anyone suggesting this place is the shit, well...that's probably exactly what you are eating....
We originally were planning to go to a tapas restaurant. But suddenly I am craving dirty (in a good way) and greasy hole in the wall cuisine rather than fancy. So I made a request to try this ghetto located gem I found on yelp.There was a line in front and the smell of the meat was unbearable. We ordered the Carne Asada super burrito and two super queasadilla with beef tongue for the two of us (yep, two little people!). Holy smoking carnitas!Yelpers do not disappoint! The food was awesome!Probably one of the best quesadilla I ever had. The beef tongue was tender and cooked to perfection. The stringy melting cheese, avocado, and the super delicious green salsa they had on the counter gave it even more boost.Can't say much about the burrito because I had to take that home, or else I wouldn't be able to button my pants. Gigantic portion, delicious well marinated meat filled food which only cost me about $20+. They know how to do a hole in the wall!
Open late, authentic, not too heavy on the stomach, and the super burritos are huge!!! Rice, avocado, sour cream, everything felt quality..but the meat. I wasn't a big fan of the meat which is a big part to me of burritos and tacos.. A little bland flavor, seemed a bit old, and definitely doesn't hit the spot. Maybe a bad night, as the green sauce felt old too.
If El Farolito was a man, he'd be the guy with longish hair who you're kind of wary of at first, but then you realize that he's actually a really awesome dude who traveled the world without coming back pretentious, gives great back massages for free, and has a really hot girlfriend who you can't even be jealous of because he's such a chill dude and they really deserve each other. Dang.For many years I've been told that it's a travesty that I lived so closed to San Francisco and I've never had what Esquire magazine calls "the most life-changing burrito in America."  Well, this past Sunday I had a chance to eat one.Or rather, half of one. I saved the other half for later because this burrito was freaking huge. El Farrolito IS the holy trinity of food in San Francisco: 1.) cheap, 2.) fast, and probably most importantly, 3.) amazingly delicious. We went in there right as they opened at 10am and there was no line, which was awesome, since I hear that they get quite packed. Fortunately, (or maybe unfortunately) the only other person who was there was a drunk homeless dude, so we got served very quickly. The burrito itself comes with chips which seem kind of stale at first, but are actually just fried somewhat differently so they have "layers."  There's no way to describe it other than that they're delicious. But the real crux of this review is the burrito. ohhh man. The burrito. It's about 1.5x the size of a Chipotle, which is to say, LARGE, except unlike Chipotle, the meat isn't cubed, the ingredients are mixed together, and finally the guacamole isn't $1.80 (seriously, Chipotle. what the hell). I opted for the carne asada, because I'm boring, and it was perfectly grilled without being tough. The juices seeped into the rice and beans and everything was bound together with sour cream in the most perfect way. And it was $7. Anyway, there's really nothing to say about El Farolito that hasn't been said other than that they make a great burrito. Scratch that, they make THE burrito by-which-all-other-burritos-should-be-measured. Go out and get one. And one for me too.
Don't know what the fuss is all about. Even when I had the drunchies this place wasn't appealing. Apparently they're known for their carne asada but what good is the meat if you're lacking in all the other ingredients for your burrito?!!To me, it sounds like a lot of people wanna believe that this place is so great because their friends swear by it and this place has been featured in so many "top burrito" lists that it almost seems frowned upon if anyone else left a 3 (or less) star on here. However, I always appreciate a REAL Mexican place that gives out free chips and doesn't charge you extra for guac (I'm talking to you Chipotle!). I was better off sticking to Taqueria Guadalajara by my house anyway, what was I thinking. That place forever has my heart.
Hours: So damn good, they're open late every night, perfect for your lat night munchies.Lines: TOO DAMN LONG. Being one of the most popular mexican restaurants in SF, and being super small, you can see why.Cleanliness: It's on 24th and mission st. But they could definitely use a touch up, although looking dirty/rundown/old gives them a nice ambiance.For $5-$7 you can get a action packed burrito. Don't forget their chips and salsa!
Bomb! One of the best carne asada burritos I've had. The ingredients were fresh and the burrito was HUGE! Perfect meal after a long day of drinking! The line was out the door but the service was fast and the folks behind the counter were very friendly. I'll definitely be back!
Yeah !!! Believe me !!! This place is insanely delicious ... 100% recommended
Most delicious burritos ever!!! The line is long, but it goes by fast and then your food comes out really fast too... if you're in the Dolores Park area, definitely come here after you've checked out the truffle man ;)
I've passed by here many times on the way to other taquerias the food is good. I ordered the steak and shrimp plate and the steak as expected is grilled until its hard like cardboard and looked and tasted like beef jerky. I cant say its different than other places for the same price. The good thing was the shrimp, refried beans and rice. The inside is crowded, and busy with some troublemaker customers on my day there. I wouldn't go again as there is nothing special despite the crowds.
I don't get why El Farolito is so consistently touted as being the best/most authentic Mexican food. Maybe I didn't eat what I should have, or maybe I wasn't hungry enough despite there being a bit of a wait to actually get our food? I'll re-evaluate next time I give it a try.So what did I have? Tacos. Plain, old, delicious, loving tacos. These were good and cheap, but i've had better. Meat just didn't taste the freshest. I thought the beef tongue was a bit mushy. Tripas (intestine) was yummy but also a bit mushy. All tacos needed help from extra sauce.
They were open to other customers but couldn't even several me chips and salsa racist place to get food from
Bottom line at the top: really solid tacos, but La Taq is better.-- Late night tacos! The line moves fast and there are plenty of options to keep everyone happy but La Taq definitely beats them out. I'm usually a carne asada fan but I actually preferred the chicken here.
Located in the Mission, it's not in the safest neighborhood but it is conveniently located right outside of the Bart station. I like the price point for the portion size and the quality of mexican food you get here. What keeps me coming back is the super burrito fillings, but mostly the tortilla. I love how the tortilla is a little translucent, stretchy and chewy. Burritos here are delicious and pretty big! Salsa bar on the side. Cash only. Open late.
Is there a better place to have your first Mexican food in SF than El Farolito? The place is legend, after all. There was no better place to pop this particular cherry, in my opinion. Sure, it's kind of a shit show -- but that's part of the fun. It's chaos, it's crowded, it's gritty, it's real. Get in, queue up, order, pay (cash only), eat (if you can find a table) and get out. It's all fun, flavorful and fully satisfying. I skipped the burrito (not a fan of rice in my rolls) and instead got a quartet of tacos -- at $2.50 for two, how could I resist? Of the four I had (polo, carne asada, chorizo and al pastor) the chorizo and carne asada were by far the most flavorful (and the only two fully consumed by meals end). The toppings were fresh and crisp, the meat was hot and well-seasoned, the tortillas tender yet robust, and the salsas were faboosh, to boot. Accompanied by a huge cup of horchata (that is by far the best I have EVER had, and I lived in San Diego for a spell), I was in Mexi-heaven. It was glorious. I can't give it a full five, though -- the place was totes dirty. But whatever -- I don't really mind, as long as they keep serving up tacos and horchata like they did that night, El Farolito will continue to be the stuff of legend.
Let me start by saying I'm not exactly a burrito aficionado. I usually eat them when I'm drunk, but when in SF I figured I have to try out some good ones. I've been to Taquiera Cancun a couple of times, and I must say I've been largely unimpressed by them.First thing I noticed is this place is a complete dive, it looks very unclean and all the tables are dirty. Eating out will greatly enhance your experience. I decided to ignore the kitchen for my own sanity. The cleanliness lost it a whole star, unfortunately.Regarding the Burrito itself though, it was absolutely unbelievable! So delicious and well put together. I find in Taquiera Cancun they tend to go a bit mad with the avocado, and it completely overpowers everything else. Not so at El Farolito! It was nicely balanced, lovely flavours, and best of all it was $8. Can't complain!
Best burrito I've had in San Francisco, the chile relleo burrito is definitely the way to go. Reasonable prices and a lot of tasty things on the menu.
So much for only eating half the burrito... I ate the whole thing in 10 minutes. It was THAT delicious.El Farolito is a total hole-in-the-wall taqueria. Being the germaphob I am, I felt a bit uncomfortable in the seats and refused to use the restroom... Yea, it's pretty grimy in here.I luckily came here with practically no wait and the food came out quick! The meat in the Carne Asada and Al Pastor were both so flavorful and amazing.... mmm... Oooh and add the green sauce to the burrito and your life is complete!Side note, this is Kaskade's favorite place to eat. Maybe I sat in the same table as him?!
El Farolito is the other super popular burrito joint in the Mission. After my experience at La Taqueria and its tremendous wait, I was super hesitant about dropping into El Farolito.The restaurant is long and narrow, and I think there is additional seating in the back. When I dropped by, the wait was reasonable, and it was sans the hoopla that La Taqueria embodies. The patrons were simply here for a quick meal.I ordered their super burrito with carne asada. The burrito comes equipped with rice, beans, diced tomatoes, onion, cilantro, sour cream, avocado, and cheese. I prefer the charbroiled quality of the meat here over La Taqueria. Again, with the addition of the sour cream, avocado, and cheese, the Americanized fixings just make the burrito a fattier version of itself, so how could it possibly not taste good? The burrito was much heftier in size and reasonably priced at around $7. While trying the burrito here was a good experience, I would probably not go out of my way to get a burrito here again. Could I find an equal counterpart in LA? Yes.
This place is amazing! Went here for the first time a few days ago. Do not be steered away by the long line, it moves fast. Know what you want when you get to where you order. It's small in there and you will have to keep a hawk eye to grab a table but it was all so worth it. I would go there again and eat outside on the sidewalk if I had to!Amazing carne asada super burrito, al pastor tacos, super asada quesadilla, hell even the regular plain cheese quesadilla was delicious!! Will definitely be my go to place from now on!
Best burritos and tacos in the bay area! The place is dirty and small but their food is amazing. I always stop by here when I'm on mission st and have never been disappointed. Their steak burritos are great!
4 starts because de beef regular burrito and nachos was really really good and humongous size. But the chicken burrito was extremely dry! I went there on Saturday at 5:40pm the line was in the door but super fast!Ordered 1 beef burrito plus 1 ck burrito w avocado and nachos total was less than $20!  It's worth to try once :), but LA burritos still the best for me ;)Me and boyfriend say bueno!!!!
So my question is what happened to you EL FAROLITO? As usual, there was a long line of people waiting to get food at EL FAROLITO. I asked for what I usually get at burrito places - carne asada burrito, no rice add extra hot sauce, jalapeos and pico de guillo. although they are busy they are usually fast - however this time I had to wait, and wait and wait.so while waiting I went over to the salsa bar to get extra goodies for my burrito. I tried all of the hot sauces and the pico de gallo. They were all decent but nothing outstanding. Not one of the sauces was very picante (aka hot) and none were mild - just 3 middle of the road hot sauces - I was surprised by how much the quality had dropped since I last ate here in the sauce department.At long last my burrito arrived and I eagerly bite into the burrito expecting a nice tender but firm beef that was well spiced mixed together with flavorful beans surrounded by hot sauce intermixed with pico de gallo and occasional small bits of jalapeo.WOW was I ever wrong - what I got was a carne asada burrito in which the beef was tough as shoe leather and tasteless - I really didn't get much out of the beef - it was tough, tasteless and no spices - I'm think WTF? This is the worst beef I've had in a burrito since - well I can't recall having such over cooked and no spices - the beans were there and ok. incredulously, there was NO hot sauce, NO pico de gallo and NO jalapeos in my burrito - so if was fortunate that I stocked up on sauces an jalapeos at the salsa bar - they were needed to make this burrito eatable.------------------- bottom line -----------------this burrito was by far and above the worst burrito I've ever had in the mission - in fact it is almost the worst burrito I've ever had in my life. perhaps they mixed up my order with somebody else's order - but no matter - there are too many good places in the Mission - and all over California and the rest of the western states in which I can easily get a better burrito so it will be some time before I go to el farolito -
Visiting San Francisco and someone mentioned that I should not leave without getting a Mission Burrito, with it only being 2 stops away from where I was staying at, I decided to hit up El Farolito. This place was crazy crowded! I can definitely see why, loaded burritos and decent on the pockets. I got the super burrito with al pastor and I pretty much couldn't eat at all the rest of the day. The meat itself was marinated well and even with all the other ingredients added into the burrito, I was still able to taste the pork on its own. Delicious! Service was a bit of a wait, but I can't complain, the line was practically out by the door, and around the corner. Ordering the food was quick, but just waiting for it to come out took some time. I can definitely see myself coming here for the late night bites if I get super hungry. Service was pretty good too. With a place being so crowded, the people working there were pretty attentive and weren't rude for the amount of people they have to service. They have 3 different types of salsa off to the side for you to grab on your own. This isn't a fancy place, very old and a bit sketchy, but boy, do they bring out some delicious food.
When it's 3am and you're drunk and hungry after hitting up the club and bar, El Farolito is AMAZEBALLSSSSS.Yes, there will most likely be a long line.Yes, it might take a bit to get your food.Yes, it is cash only so hit up the ATM beforehand.And yes, it is all worth it.Even sober though, the food is good. Get the burrito and share it with a friend! Or, just eat as much as you can and save it for the next day. I promise it'll still be good!
LOVE their salsa and veggie tacos! At $2.50 a pop you get two corn tortillas with melted cheese, beans, rice, and cilantro, topped with a good portion of avocado. Two of these plus complimentary chips and salsa (and maybe a cervesa) totally hits the spot. Their southern style guac / green salsa is amazing. The perfect amount of heat with little chunks of avocado. It's 'wet style' but not super watery. Very good. Burritos are huge and my bf was more than happy with his carnitas burrito. Line gets long but moves along fairly quickly. Seating is pretty limited. Cash only!
Always a favorite.. big line out the door..
I'm writing this review as a person who does not enjoy Mexican food at all. I ended up coming here because I refuse to eat Mexican food whenever my boyfriend and I eat out. He loves Mexican food so I decided to come to El Farolito for him! I didn't expect how aromatic this place would be so it was off to a good start. I decided to order the tacos. I wish the menu clarified that the taco came with only one order even though it comes with two tortillas. Maybe a lot of Mexican restaurants do this and from my lack of experience with Mexican restaurants, I didn't know haha. Anywho, I got the carne asada and the al pastor which is marinated pork. The meal came with free chips which came to a surprise! El Farolito has a wide assortment of salsas you can choose from and the spicy salsa was my favorite! Finally my order came out and the tacos were filled with meat! The carne asada was the first taco I tried and it was okay! Nothing too special but it was delicious nonetheless. But oh my goodness...the al pastor. I can't even describe how happy my tastebuds were. Every bite made me excited for the next. El Farolito has changed my opinion about Mexican food and I can't wait to come back when I'm in the area again.
The place is dirty. But the food is so amazing good. I can certainly understand why they don't have the time to clean the place up and do any remodeling because the place is packed throughout the day. It was a good experience for me. The wait time can be excessive but well worth the wait. I mean, where else can you get a fried egg super nachos?!
A little too crowded and finding a spot to sit inside is impossible(if you're there on the weekend)..Food was bomb tho, so no complaints here.
Food is super good. Space is limited.Cash only.
What's not to like?...maybe the shady characters lingering around the BART station, or the subtle stench of urine (on occasion) as you wait in line outside the door... But wth, it's cheap, opens late, and taste f__king great!
Seriously, THE BEST out there. It is literally life changing. With that said, of course there was a line and the neighborhood where this was in was not necessarily the best, but most definitely worth the trip. Heck, it was worth my entire trip traveling from NYC to San Fran for. I would definitely come back just for this. I shared the super burrito with my boyfriend and we were both stuffed. Every bite was like heaven in your mouth good. At first, watching the guy in front cook all the meat together was not so appealing, but it was so good that I completely forgot about it as I was eating. Everything tasted so fresh and it was stuffed until the thing almost bursted. Very reasonable prices and wish there was one in NYC!
I'm originally from SoCal where we have pretty amazing Mexican fare, and most of it comes from hole-in-the-wall restaurants much like El Farolito. I'm also Hispanic, so my standards are pretty high and I know what I like.The Good:I ordered a dinner plate, which consisted of: carne asada, shrimp, rice, beans, slices of avocado, and a side of corn tortillas. I'm not sure if that particular combo is even on the menu, but I was going through photos of Yelpers past for El Farolito and came across one that featured such combo. I had to have it.The carne asada and shrimp were both seasoned well, and they weren't overcooked. The beans had a nice layer of gooey cheese, and the tortillas were warm and plentiful. I love avocado, so I was definitely excited to have it with my meal.The Bad:My friend ordered chips and I can't say I was too impressed with them, nor was I impressed with the salsa bar, which consisted of watery salsa without any spiciness. I've seen a much better selection at Los Coyotes (also in the Mission).This place is cash only and that irritates me to no end, especially if the location is in a crummy part of town.Conclusion:Overall, I left El Farolito feeling pretty satisfied, with leftovers, and I still had enough cash for a drink at El Techo de Lolinda. However, Los Coyotes still stands as #1 in this Mexican girl's heart.
I have been going here for years but today was not a good experience.I ordered a burrito and two shrimp tacos.1st the tacos were $4.45 each when at there other locations they are only $2.75.Then the guy didn't ask me what kind of beans I wanted on the burrito so I ended up with whole beans and when I told him he never even asked me what kind of beans he replied with "Super Steak burritos only come with whole beans" That's a lie! I've been giving the choice on beans up until today.. He was very rude with it told me my burrito was already done and brushed me off.
Super burritos are amazing. Wow. They cook really fast and they're nice. People need to know to clean after themselves. They're too busy to bus tables. Seems to be busy on a Sunday afternoon.
Very good, remniscient of San Diego and LA when it comes to Mexican food. It actually is a good substitute and not inferior in any regard. The line on a Saturday afternoon around 2PM was only 4-5 folks deep. Big ass tortilla, big ass heaping of meat, big ass gentleman serving it to you. What's not to love.The dining area (if you can call it that) is eons behind the times even compared to that donut joint you puked at when you were in high school. The tables and seat were sticky and gross and perhaps suitable for the Pale Orc but they were good enough for me as I devoured my burrito but didn't choke as I need to stay alert in case some cholera bug wanted to invade my vulnerable areas.Conclusion- good burritos, no frills. Shut your whining and enjoy.
Man I thought the west coast was supposed to have good Mexican food.After seeing all the positive reviews on here I decided to stop by on my way to SFO and grab a carne asada burrito.Flavorless, mushy rice. No cheese to be found. Chewy beef. Mediocre salsa. I had to douse this thing in the random green sauce to get any flavor.80% of the other patrons seemed like they were drunk (this probably accounts for the high reviews).No, I don't recommend this. I can do better back home in New York and refuse to believe this is the best SF has to offer.
The first time I went to El Farolito it was about 2am after a long night of drinking. A friend raved about the Super Quesadilla Suiza, and I decided to order it, opting for the carne asada. For $6.25 it's a great deal, as I split this with my boyfriend, and we were both full afterward. In a drunken stupor, this just about tasted like the best thing I could have eaten at that moment. I decided to come back a few weeks later while sober to reevaluate my opinions, and it's as good as I remembered! This place is a little dirty, and the bathroom situation is...strange... to say the least, but the well priced food makes up for it! Be sure to grab some of the salsa from the counter to give your food an extra kick!
Packed. Buy the Super Quesadilla Suiza with carne asada, chips, and split it. Cheap eat! If you get a super burrito here you'll always have a half ready for lunch the next day or a hungry friend who, after eating this burrito, will stay your loyal follower.Delicious traditional salsa bar
The burrito is massive! Really as big as your head! It is absolutely a no frills place. It almost reminds me of a fast food place, with the fast pace ordering, seating and probably cleanliness. But fear not, I live to tell!I was actually excited to dig into my massive steak burrito, with all the fixings. Especially since they had a help-yourself salsa bar!! But sadly, my burrito lacked the taste I wanted it to have. With every bite, I kept thinking, okay, I'm gonna hit the flavor source, I know it... But I never did. It wasn't bad at all, I just expected it to be bursting with authentic flavor. The salsa was also good, but not great.Oh well, can't win 'em all!
This place was a huge letdown considering the thousands of good reviews.First off, the line takes forever. I must have waited at least twenty minutes to get from the door to the counter. Then you have to wait another ten minutes or so for your food to come out. I was lucky to claim a table to just wait at, but the aisle got really packed with customers lining up and waiting for food to come out. At any other Mexican restaurant in the area, I'd be down with my meal at this point. The cashier was the friendliest guy ever though.Prices for food are pretty good for the area. At least they don't make you pay for every little ingredient like they do at a certain highly-regarded taqueria down the street. Tacos for just a bit over $2 are a pretty good deal as well.The ingredients in my burrito lacked taste. The avocado was off-colored. The meat had no flavor and was not chopped up well, and it was like they rolled this burrito with a porkchop in it.This place benefits greatly from being right next to the BART station, but really you can find a lot of better places in the area.
Do I really need to heap more 5-star praise upon El Farolito? After all, they have like 3,200 glowing recommendations. The answer is an enthusiastic yes. Welcome to Mexican in the Mission. Obviously, the food is incredible. Imagine it sort of like the best back alley Mexican cafe you visited a decade ago come to life once again in the middle of a bustling blue collar neighborhood. My carne asada burrito was incredibly flavorful. Considering how fast they made it, the balance between ingredients was perfect. Throw on some of their salsa (spicier than I expected, but a welcome surprise) and you'll wish you lived next door so you could eat here on the regular. Otherwise, this is a dive in the best sense of the word. A no-frills interior, dirty table, rickety seats. It's all part of the experience. I highly recommend you experience it for yourself.
I was a little disappointed since this place was voted to have one of the best burritos in the United States. If you're ever in the Campbell area, check out Taqueria Eduardos, it blows so many places out of the water!The line was, and remained, out the door when we came here on a Saturday night. The pricing is decet for the proportions, but like a few other reviewers mentioned, it did not have as much taste as expected. Seating is also very limited, but we caugt a time when everyone was leaving as we began looking for seats. Its also not the cleanest place for those of you who are a little picky with that. I split a chicken super burrito with black beans with a friend, and I was relatively filled. The beans were good, but the chicken was a little bland :( liked it, but it wasn't great b
I walked a mile uphill for a damn carne asada burrito and you know what... It was worth it. It is by far one of the best burritos I've had (and I'm a Mexican living in Southern California). The horchata was also on point and the salsa verde was delicious. Great spot if you don't mind a line. On and it's cash only.
When looking for something fast and good if you're in Mission i suggest you give Farolitos a go.When rolling into This place deep in the mission We had no idea what to expect. The decor was rough which is a little worrying when you've caught two buses and a train to get there, however the rough decor adds a little intrigue and excitement as well.The service was good and they were polite even though the line was huge that was nice. The food came out - we order two tacos and Quesadilla Super , the tacos weren't amazing. But the Quesadilla were great. They are hug and can easily be split between two people. The filling tasted great and seemed fresh. Our Mexican cravings were satisfied.
ITS AHMAZING ITS AHMAZING ITS AHMAZING ITS AHMAZING!Coming from SoCal/Los Angeles and a frequent visitor of San Diego and many hole-in-the-wall taquieras and "authentic" mexican places, its definitely hard to impress me, however, El Farolito does just that and manages to blow me away. Although this wasn't actually voted the best taco/burrito joint online or anything, it definitely has my vote and my heart.I usually stick with the tried and the true, Pastor Tacos, but it seems like most things on their menu are up to snuff.
Coming from LA I didn't think I was going to find good Mexican food in the bay..... Boy was I wrong... This place was amazing. I would of gave 5 stars if it wasn't for the gross bathroom and the long line
I just called to confirm an order and they were so rude and hung up in my face. Never ordering here again
Salsa was good (2/3 - salsa verde was ICK). The burrito was atrocious. Awful stale tortilla (un steamed), and rice was mushy and overcooked. Carnitas had good flavor and seasoning but definitely was low quality and cheap. The cheese was not melted and congealed in a cold blob. It was a burrito FAIL.
Farlitos is fantastic! Sometimes the line is long in the evenings, but they are very kind. The area around the mission however is not always the safeest, so bring a buddy!
Eating at El Farolito is like a milestone for any foodie -- you're gourging yourself on drunk mexican food and it T A S T E S amazing. Yes, you have to accept that there's a huge line, and yes, it's not in the nicest of areas, but... it's worth it. Came here with my girlfriend for a late dinner and wow... the menu blows your expectations away, listing ingredients right below items to further tempt you.(+++++) Super Burrito - this Mexican food is super for a reason and this burrito, loaded with seasoned rice, beans, cheese, avocado and a meat of your choice just teases you. I would recommend chorizo or al pastor!(+++) Super quesadilla -- filled with little pockets of cheese, finding them is heaven on earth.TASTY TASTY TASTY. Farolito for life.
There was once upon a time, not too long ago, when my standard for a satisfying Mexican meal was a Chipotle burrito. How cute.That naive threshold has since been irrevocably destroyed by the joint called El Farolito.Why, I ask myself, do I continue to crawl back for second and third rounds, despite its grungy looking kitchen amenities that cause me to pause and question their posted passing health score? Why do I find myself at their front doors once again, despite their cramped narrow seating area that makes the inside of a school bus feel luxuriously spacious? Why am I shelling over my cash for another burrito, despite the fact that it feels suspiciously like the only source of ventilation is the breeze squeezing feebly through their front door at one end of the room, which warrants my concern of "how many laundry cycles before my clothes no longer smell like a generous helping of carnitas?"The fact that I have my above concerns and still insist on cramming into my mouth the burrito that clearly cannot fit my stomach's capacity should indicate that its taste and flavors are worth overlooking El Farolito's otherwise questionable characteristics. The phrase "patience is a virtue" can also be very appropriately applied here as if you so much as dare to peel back the crinkly foil and bite into the soft, steaming tortilla any less than 10 minutes since it was handed to you, you can expect to jerk back with a shout and proceed to nurse your numb, burned tongue for the next 3 days.
Not bad, neither was the burrito were small! They got all 3 burrito fast and order right although the line was long, customers on the side shouting, and cashier distracted at times. I did ask for my order to be repeated! Overall good , nice portion of meat, and yes I'm going back to try something different. No 5 stars due to it taste like something was missing and no WoW taste when I ate and finished the burrito. The green avocado sauce is creamy and not watered down like El pollo logo. Overall, A must go in the Bay. Several locations exists outside of Sf
El Farolito literally changed my life. Mexican food life. Don't judge me, but the closest thing I ever got to Mexican food was Taco Bell...So this was the first time I ever ordered from the Mission location. We called ahead to place an order and it wasn't ready by the time we got there (not mad at them, it's either they get calls like this all the time and people don't show... Or other reasons I won't get into). But this place is packed so you know it's good.Get the Carne Asada Steak Burrito, it's massive and totally the best burrito I've had in SF so far. Also, I must apologize, this cultivated my burrito craving but I prefer the El Farolito in South City (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars for this location).
Guy making the burrito was cleaning things with a dirty wash rag in his hands in between using same bare hands on putting the burritos together. Gross.
El Farolito never lets you down. Hungry after that overpriced ridiculously expensive meal that cost you half your paycheck? No problem, El farolito is here to soothe your hunger with its 6 dollar giant burrittos and yummy tacos. Fear not. Deliciousness on a budget. Open late in the night it is one of the amazing oasis of Mission. Whel all else is closed, when all else fails, yet that hunger wont go away - this is the spot.Their burritos are delicious, filled with flavor. They will calm even the pickiest of burrito eaters. And the price is unbeatable. Only reason why i give this place 4 and not 5 stars is because their lines are just ridiculous. Out the door and around the block. Yet the food is worth it.Bring cash. They take cash only and i don't remember seeing an ATM anywhere near...
Love it! Best mexican place in SF, hands down!Not the cleanest place in SF either, but worth it! Love it!
For being around the corner from 24th street bart station, el farolito is a great shop that would definitely take me off bart to make a special trip.While I noticed everyone ordering a burrito or a super cheese quesadilla with steak, I'd recommend trying their crunchy tacos. In particular, I'd recommend the al pastor crunchy taco. They are absolute delicious. Lettuce, sour cream and a generous portion of meat make for the best combo in a taco. I think I've finally found my favorite taco place in SF!
Definitely overrated but it's an OK establishment. I've had much better tacos/burritos elsewhere. Carne Asada has a good taste and has very little gristle/fat. Super Burritos are huge and will put a dent in your gut. Chips suck and are store bought. My tripas tacos went straight to my dog as the tripas were chewy and kind of raw. Tripas are suppose to be crispy! The bathroom and establishment are not very clean and up kept. Oh its cash only, WTF its almost 2016.
Vegetarians have significantly fewer options here, but what we had was okay. I had the super veg burrito, which had a few extra things not on the regular veg. It wasn't nicely organized - some bites were just dry rice and beans, while others were a mouthful of only sour cream and avocado (the second one isn't such a bad thing). My black beans were also a tad undercooked. The salsa choices were tasty and helped those dry bites significantly.I'd be happy enough to go back and try other items - maybe they would make veggie quesadillas or something.
Carne asada super burrito is unreal here. This place has great, affordable Mexican food! Only downside is it is cash only and there's usually a long line but it's definitely worth the wait.
Bomb burrito!!!! Everything that leaves their kitchen looks delicious as well.... Quick service. Lotsa of flavor fresh ingredients
Old classic fast food the main allure here is the variety of meats available for either a burrito, taco, or quesadilla. The sizes of burritos are pretty big with it being a little bigger or the same as chipotle for comparison.
The tacos are $2.25 and giant. The carne asade was nothing special.The cabeza wasn't just ok. It was braised and tender and better than the asada but it was still missing something.The al pastor tasted like they used some kind of tomato base. I wasn't a fan. The burrito is what everyone seems to get and they are giant.
After a night at Urban Putt, we wanted a quick bite and decided on this spot. There was a line out the door! I'm pretty sure it's because of the acclaim they've received for their burrito. It's been a while since I've been here, so my cousin and I decided to go splitsky on the super burrito (carne asada) and super quesadilla (carne asada + lengua).For the super burrito, I'd give it a 3 star rating. It was delicious, but I don't think it was phenomenal or left such an impact on my taste bud memory. A major plus is the hearty portion given.For the super quesadilla, I'm giving it 4 stars. SO DELICIOUS, especially with the meat combination I picked. There's something amazing with those flavors combined, paired with the generous helpings of avocado. Once again, the major plus is the portion size, plus the salsa bar to meet your saucy needs. I'll definitely be back for this!To note...narrow and limited seating inside. So finding a spot for a big party may be difficult.
The best burrito I ever had. The people there were friendly. The service was quick as I expected. The prices of foods are great!
I've been eating at this joint for a really long time, pre-gentrification. It was my favorite but they've failed me a a couple times, which is more than enough times to call it quits. I'll keep it short - I got a steak and shrimp super quesadilla, my bf bit into it and pulled out (what looked like) a bent paper clip with a chili or something red hanging from it. It was definitely metal-like. It was also hairy and dirty looking. Gross right? The end.
Omg where to begin. Ok first cash only so bring some. They have this thing called a super quesadia sorpress or some sort like that but its basically a quesadia burrito fusion. And its amazing. Their carne asada and lengua is legit, and they don't hold back on their avocado. One thing to note is that their chips are not great, but you are here for the food, though for me thats a downer but its def 5 star mission burrito status. Their plates are also huge and filling
Oh El Farolito... this place is just the mecca for drunchies, late night cravings, mexican food cravings, and everything else in between those things. Carne Asada Super Burritos. That's my favorite but there other stuff are also really freaking good. Their burritos are packed with delicious things and all for the same price if not cheaper than Chipotle. Don't fret, their burritos are huge too. There's a reason why people say this place is the best joint for burritos in Northern California. Really solid place for food. I just sometimes don't like dealing with the crowd here but other than that, their service has been great! The place itself on the other hand isn't so nice...the tables are dirty and don't even venture into the bathroom, you don't want to lose your appetite. But come here for the food! CA$H ONLY, so don't forget!
First things first... be prepared to wait in line and not to mention, it's CASH ONLY.My friend from work highly recommended this place to me. It's only 2 blocks away from my friends apt, so I really wanted to check it out. Apparently there is a dispute between which is better, this place or Guadalupe's which is a block away. If you live in the city, i'm sure you know it's located in wonderful Mission. Just take BART and exit the 24th St, Mission exit and it is on the corner.Don't come too hungry, because there is usually a very long line, and also, don't forget your CASH, because it is CASH ONLY as i mentioned earlier. The Super Burrito was recommended and I couldn't be more happy to have ordered it. And when they say super, they really mean SUPER. It can definitely be shared between two people, maybe even three if you eat small portions. The quesadilla suguia is also a MUST try, it is like avocado heaven mixed in with your queso... NOMZ!! Oh, and they put avocado in their green sauce, SUPER YUMMM!! They are also open super late, so if you are looking for a spot after having a few too many drinks, this is the spot to go to.For the portions that you get, you are definitely getting a bang for your buck. Be aware tho, that this IS Mission, so be carefuly of your surroundings because it's not exactly the nicest area.
it's like going to papa and beers in Rosarito and getting a fish taco. When you're inebriated, great, get yourself a wet California burrito. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, it's not the spot. The beef tongue burrito was sub par, the super quesadilla wasn't miraculous, and the crowd was just too much to handle.
This is THE late night spot to go in the Mission. came here around 1am and stayed until about 3am. Of course the line was out the door but it was totally worth it. The only down side is it is cash only. Luckily I had cash that night! I got the super quesadilla with carne asada. The meat was HANDS DOWN THE BEST I HAVE HAD IN A LONG TIME! so much flavor and the quesadilla was huge! Perfect after a night of drinking. El Farolito never disappoints!
Surf and Turf Burrito was killer. Shrimp not over cooked, steak tender, juicy and with lots of flavor. I also had a chorrizo taco and it was a slayer.Will defenetly recommend this place to friends and family. Cash ONLY Green Salsa was my favorite Beers are only 3.25 for ImportsCan't wait to go back!
Is Jennifer Lopez making these burritos? Is Pit Bull singing while I wait for my order?Because it not, I don't understand the the 4 and 5 star reviews.I ordered a super carne asada burrito and paid an extra 50 cents for chips.What I got was a burnt carne asada burrito with avocado instead of guacamole, rice that tasted like it was from a Tv dinner, and flavorless dry pinto beans inside.The price was decent under $8, but flavor wise, it was lacking.And the place was packed. Like concert packed for lunch. I don't get the appeal of this place. Just like I don't understand the appeal of Crocs as a fashion statement.
Street lamp. That's what farolito means. Yes, I knew you, my non-Spanish speaking comrades had an intense burning (pun intended) desire to know the origin and extrapolate some ideological meaning into the food.Several months ago, my friend sent me an article where the author did some data mining of Yelp in hopes of finding the best burrito in the country (fivethirtyeight.com/feat); it's an interesting read if you're a data nerd and love food. Long story short, El Farolito blew away the competition in the "strenuous" tests the author conducted. I made a mental note to visit someday, and because I don't frequently visit the heart of the Mission, someday was more in the "someday over the rainbow" sense than an actual plan. Fast forward to last night post beering, and my brain convinced me that I was hungry and I was due for a burrito epiphany.Walking in the Mission at 11:30 pm isn't one of the safest things to do in the world, but it's also not too bad. There's traffic on the street and almost nobody walking around, so you have clear path on the sidewalk without having to deal with cranky bums and drunk frat boys (or cranky frat boys and drunk bums). The taqueria itself leaves a little to be desired in the organizational and cleanliness sense, but hey, that just adds to the flavor right? To give you a sense of the ambiance, our fellow patrons were: a couple of kids playing a Nintendo DS, a girl wearing a witch costume for funsies long before Halloween, a couple who parked their crotch rockets outside and were having a hard time figuring out how to sit in the booths with their constricting biker gear, and a bum asking people if we were going use our cups.Is the burrito heavenly? No. Should you listen to me despite the fact that I ordered a Super Veggie burrito and many people (falsely) believe that's not a good gauge for taqueria quality? YES. There's nothing to hide behind in a veggie burrito. You taste the quality and the seasoning of the ingredients. With fewer ingredients, you also get a chance to see how well they mix everything and wrap it up. All the ingredients tasted fresh and there was some flavor to everything, but mine had way too much sour cream that I had to counteract with salsa from the "salsa bar", which was actually very good. Is the burrito good and worth eating? Yep! Is it worth seeking out late at night? Depends on how hungry you are and how crazy you are about burritos.
Meaning to try this place for awhile now and I finally did so this past weekend.I'm gonna be honest coming in here, I had pretty high expectations cause this spot has got some pretty high reviews. Needless to say, I was slightly disappointed with the food...My gf and I ordered 6 tripas tacos and 2 carne asada tacos between the two of us. I actually didn't eat any of the carne asada tacos but my gf said the meat was tough and I took her word for it. As far as the tripas go, I wish they were a little more crispy and I thought the tacos was a little too big believe it or not. Overall, I've definitely had better tacos elsewhere but I may come back to try their other dishes in the future.
Not sure what the hype is for mission burritos. I tried the pastor and relleno burritos. They were both just okay. You definitely get a huge burrito for the price you pay. The burrito is pretty standard and nothing spectacular. I've had much better burritos down in San Diego and Los Angeles. This burrito wasn't memorable for me and I probably won't come back here.
Want a totally legit Mission burrito? Go here, leave happy. Some of the reviewers may not like it, but it's authentic and it's a hell of a comfort food. It's also right on top of a BART stop :)
This place is clearly authentic and they do their meats well. However, I came here at 1pm in the middle of the week and had to wait an entire hour before I got my food! Taking that into consideration, El Farolito is closer to 3.5 stars. It tasted great, but if I have to wait that long, it better be the best burrito eva. I shared the Al Pastor Super Burrito and the Carne Asada Quesadilla. The quesadilla is stuffed with sooo much cheese which was awesome! And the carne asada was salty, but very flavorful. The burrito was good. It was enormous and really filling. It didn't strike me as anything particularly special though. I drowned it with avocado salsa to add more flavor.One thing that makes this place awesome is the prices! Everything is so cheap. Still, I was kinda disappointed given the wait. Go at night instead! I heard the wait is much shorter then. Overall, I can understand the hype if you have the drunchies, but other than that, the food didn't strike me as anything particularly special. I still prefer Taqueria Cancun!
My friend Phillip had told me about this place and famous their burritos were. I went in with high expectations and became disappointed. The restaurant is very very dirty, I was scared to use the restroom or touch anything. The food was like any other ordinary tasting Mexican food. Portions were big though!
This has to be the most overhyped taqueria in the United States. I don't think it's as "life-changing" has some people claim but they really do a pretty good job at some basic Mexican fare. The line can be long and there's not always someplace to sit but it's a great place to grab a bite on your way home. I haven't tried a huge variety of their items but I can confirm the burritos are about as good as any in San Francisco.
SUPER BURRITO WITH CARNE ASADAWow, this is the best burrito I've ever had. I didn't go for a burrito initially because it's really big and I generally like tacos more. However, this case is totally the exception. GET THE SUPER burrito. It has sour cream and avocado. Get it with any meat you like but I like it best with carne asada. LENGUA TACOVery good taco. Flour tortilla, lots of flavor. BEERCold Modelos are great with burritos and tacos!HORCHATAVery diluted and not that great. I wish it was fuller and creamier than it was. I had high expectations for harchata at a legit Mexican place but this disappointed big time.
I'm rating this mostly for the location (since there's a few more in the city).IT SMELLS LIKE PISSSSSS since it wafts from the street all the way to the cash register. Thankfully, it goes away as you go towards the tables in the back - phew!This El Farolito location is probably the most conveniently accessible from BART. The space is a bit narrow but it can seat about 30 people. If you're lucky, it won't be super super crowded. Otherwise, expect a line.Lengua is OK here.Carnitas was alright.Al pastor is great!CASH ONLY.
Not sure why it took me so long to finally try El Farolito, as I've been working in the city for the past 2 years. Finally went after Nightlife at Cal Academy the other night, and bruh. Me and my friends split a shrimp & steak super burrito, a cabeza super burrito, and a pastor super quesadilla. Literally all I said when I took my first bites of each one were "oh my god".And of course the next morning isn't so pleasant.
Great burritos and tacos. I think the quality has dropped off the last couple of years but can't find a better place to eat at 2am.
That quesadilla para dos is all you need to know. (+) Quesadilla Para dos- stuffed to the max with el pastor, guacamole, pico, beans, and cheese of course. The "para dos" indicates this is a 2+ person ordeal, which means this quesadilla is not one quesadilla folded in half, but TWO quesadillas sandwiched together. Super flavorful and dropping with oils and juices- enjoy!(+) Salsa bar- load up on your salsas for your quesadilla!Other Things:- Popular spot for friday nights after hours, but still seating in the back- Don't be put off by the long lines- they are super efficient and take your order while you're in line, and give you your receipt then and there. By the time you get to the cashier, you give it to them, pay, take a seat, and your order will come to you
This is my go-to spot for consistently excellent Mexican food. When I'm craving a burrito and Chipotle just won't cut it, I'll drive from Outer Sunset all the way here. Fair pricing, excellent food. Did find a long black hair in my burrito once, but the food was so good I didn't care :/
Came here on a Wednesday night after I had landed. Ordered the super burrito with lengua (beef tongue) and it was HUGE! Unfortunately they only take cash and thank goodness my friend had cash with him. I think it's good but overrated. It's definitely better than your fast food chipotle or moes though. Still worth the try!
The most orgasmic Mexican food I've ever had! I typically am not a fan of Mexican food, but El Farolito's quesadilla with carne asada and avocado blew my taste buds away! I love avocado and really appreciated the generous amount that they gave me. It really adds something to the quesadilla! I will admit, it is on the heavy and greasy side, but it is definitely worth the experience and calories. The restaurant itself is rundown but I guess it adds to the experience! I will definitely swing by this little place again if I am in the area.
Even here at El Farrolito, I remember tacos being $1.75 and now they are $2.95. Nonetheless, this inflation really is nothing compared to prices at surrounding (new) restaurants. Especially those along Valencia St. Hence I cannot complain about El Farrolito at all. I have been coming here since 2008 and it still continues to be "my spot" for authentic Mexican food. They have their recipes down, they are never stingy about their salsas (even when customers stack salsa containers and walk out), and most importantly--you are supporting one of the few low-cost restaurants in the neighborhood. My favorites: torta (Mexican sandwich) and the flan for dessertAvoid weekend dinner and late night hours. The line will be out the door and wrap around! I still don't understand how the staff handles such rush hours and can still be so nice and attentive. Another similar business that I go to during these times is down the street: Taqueria Vallarta on 24th Street.
I did appreciate the fact that they have sesos here. I also had the super quesadilla which was HUGE.Meat is bland though, literally no seasoning and that really bums me out when food is bland. Season your meat must be one of the most elementary things you must learn when you want to prepare food that tastes good.Meh, big portions but not much sabor. My quest for great Mexican food in the Mission resumes..
A solid choice for burritos in a neighborhood full of great Mexican spots. Farolito can hold its own against most any of them. Had the chicken burrito and chips. This place is a late-night godsend!
EGG NACHOSI've eaten here available times. There are a couple of items I've had. However my review is one specific item - egg nachos. The first time I ordered the egg nachos was last year in September. (The egg nachos is only available if you order the super nachos.) When I saw that you can order egg instead of meat for the nachos I was perplexed. Egg on nachos? Is that possible? In the Chicago episode of "No Reservations" Anthony Bourdain commented, "I'm an egg slut." I have to admit so am I. The eggs on the nachos are scrambled cover the whole nachos. The first time I had the egg nachos I thought it was the best nachos I ever had. However the more I ordered the egg nachos at El Farolito the less impressed I'm with this. First the eggs are scrambled and not sunny side up. I believe to accentuate the flavor of the egg nachos the eggs should be cooked either sunny side up or over easy. That way you can dip chips on the egg yolk. By using the egg yolk you don't need to add heavy items on the nachos such as guacamole and sour cream. The best example of using sunny side eggs on the nachos is at Bourbon Steak and Pub Grill at Levi's Stadium. I prefer the egg nachos at Bourbon Steak and Pub Grill than at El Farolito because the eggs are cooked sunny side up. Second reason I've been less impressed with the egg nachos at El Farolito is because the chips at El Farolito are those generic, factory-style tortilla chips and not the restaurant-style chips - the oily looking chips I like. I believe if you really want to incorporate the egg with the chips the chips needs to have quality and not a cheap imitation.It's unfortunate but the eggs nachos at El Farolito has the potential to be its signature dish but falls short of achieving the potential.
Farolito is a premier SF Mission burrito. Cash only and right next to the 25th Street Bart station. Lines can be long, but it is worth it. I usually get super carne asada or chile relleno. Large portions, excellent ingredients, and well constructed. There is a small salsa bar that is an added bonus.
Yum, yum, yum! I found this place via Yelp and was almost deterred by the line that went out the door, but I wanted to have a bite of this so-called life-changing burrito. This place is situated in a somewhat unsavory part of San Francisco. I got there around midnight and parking was easy to find. Even then, the line was amazingly long. Luckily, it moved fast. I ordered the Super Burrito with carne asada, expecting great things. They have chips for 60 cents, which was nice after being price gouged by Chipotle. All the sauces were spicy, but I didn't think any of them were particularly flavorful. The milder salsa tasted a little funky, in my opinion. My burrito came soon enough, and I was pretty hyped at that point. I'm not really a burrito person, so I can't really say whether it was life-changing. However, the carne asada was hot and slightly crisp, going really well with the cool, fresh avocado. No guacamole here, by the way, only avocado.I finished it really quickly, and I can definitely say it was a yummy meal to fill my empty stomach. However, I don't think it deserves all the hype and the intimidatingly long lines. The sauce definitely left something to be desired, especially if you compare with places like La Vic's. Maybe after trying a few more burrito places, I'll be fit to pass better judgment on the Super Burrito here.
The best Taqueria in the Bay Area, hands down. Let the out of towners follow Nate Silvers advice to the one with the huge lines down the block. You will find locals here. Any meat you want: Cabeza, tripas, Al Pastor, sesos, carnitas, etc. Come on, don't be such a gabacho and just enjoy something different. Don't get just carne asada or chicken, be wild and take advantage of the full menu. Your taste buds will thank you. Dining room sually full, so take home or grab your own salsa and take it to Dolores Park. Open late.
So we had a few things:Super burrito with Carne AsadaCarne Asada plateCarne Asada tacos (corn)Super burrito with ChickenWe came in with unrealistically high 538 expectations. So the burrito was not life-changing, but it was good, solid.The carne asada is very tasty - smoke-y and delicious. Not melt-in-your-mouth (but I don't like that in burritos anyways). It had texture but not hard to chew.The refried beans on the Carne Asada plate were delicious - not usually a fan as they sometimes have a grainy, slightly bitter taste... These were fantastic - as was the rice. The chips were actually very good. The salsa choices (3) were good, but not that different from any good SF burrito place.
This is a damn good burrito place. It's always packed, esp late at night. I've had many nights where we make a burrito run at like 1:30 and there's a huge line of party people. Always a fun time! This guys are amazing to watch - they are fast and efficient. Just watch them make a burrito and toss things around like pros. It's next to the Bikram hot yoga place -- my advice is go to yoga first, then get a burrito! the other way around could be problematic:)
The Best Mission Burritos!!! Its like a Chipotle Burrito on Steroids and real mexican food inside of the steam soft tortilla!!!! Incredible! The best i've ever had. Its in the most ghetto place but worth the drive into Mission District! I saw a bum fight while there waiting in line to order right outside the restaurant! Free fight, great Burrito! I got the Asada Burrito! Al Pastor Nachos and Couple of Asada Tacos! Very friendly service! I'm from L.A and will def. drive up there soon and will have another burrito or two on my next visit! FYI- i've tried a few other spots but this has one has the best Burritos! Quesadillas look really good even though i didn't try it, alot of people eating there had it. Also, you know a mexican restaurant is good when it is in the ghetto and you have Asians and White People eating there! LoL
Found this place on Yelp that was open late. The food was really good but the place not so much. It's located in downtown San Francisco in a sketchy hole in the wall, tables were uncleaned, food and trash under the tables and walkways, people are either high or drunk. But if you don't care for your safety this is a good place for Mexican food. Cheese Enchiladas- cheesy gooey enchiladas, not too much sauce just enough to soak the enchiladasBeans- ok Rice- goodCarne asada tacos- tacos were a decent size, a lot of mean, meat was cooked nice and juicy, topped with cilantro and onions, taco shells were night and softSalsa- fresh and spicy
Decided to go to the mission to get some bomb mexican food with boo. Got to el farallito and instantly got flashbacks! I used to come here with the fam when i was about 5 years old and decided to check it out and see if it was still the same. I got 4 asada tacos with sour cream. Boo got a super asada burrito. When we got our good we both looked at eachother like "dammmmmmmmmn!" Tacos were waaaaay bigger then i thought they would be! I couldve just ordered 2 because they were huge with so much meat! Boo even asked if i had ordered extra anything because it was alot of food! I slammed 2 tacos and couldnt keep going and boo ate only half of his burrito! Took the other 2 tacos and the half of the burrito with me and my arm got tired after walking a block to the car lol it was sooo much food! Crazy thing is it taste exactly the same way that it did 20 years ago! Its a must to try this place!
His place is great. Super authentic feel and vibes. The staff is amazing and friendly as well. Would recommend it to anyone looking for some authentic food with the gritty Mission vibe of SF.
I went here sober, but I imagine this would be a hella awesome drunk food place. Portions are GIGANTIC; I could only finish half of my Super Quesadilla Suiza, which was this huge piling of cheesy, meaty goodness. Probably the best Mexican food I've had on the west coast at such a CHEAP price. Location is in the Mission, one of my favorite neighborhoods in the Bay Area. Very small inside, so seating is hard to get. Always has long lines, but they move very quickly. 1000x better than Chipotle. Be ready to get messy/greasy/stuffed/satisfied.
Being that I'm from San Diego, I was very wary about El Farolito. The first time I came here was after a long night of drinking and debauchery, and I didn't really enjoy my burrito. I came back a few years later, and much more sober and had a delicious meal! While I still prefer my SD style burrito, whenever I'm in SF, I try and stop by and get a burrito from here.
chorizo+asada quesadilla green salsachipsso good
My friends talk about this place all the time so I decided to give it a try. My usual go-to burrito place in the Mission is La Taqueria, which is a block down. Purchased:-Carnitas super burrito -Super Nachos with carne asada Pros: It was a pretty hefty burrito, so I definitely got my money's worth! Cons: the burrito was extremely greasy. My friend and I couldn't even finish the burritos without our stomachs already being upset. The ingredients also didn't taste fresh, it was all just pretty bland. The nachos were lacking in size, freshness, and overall nacho taste. Overall, although I did get my money's worth when it comes to the size of the burrito, I didn't get my money's worth when it comes down to the quality of the burrito. When we tried the nachos, we were expecting some pretty bomb nachos, but just ended up getting about 9 tortilla chips and greasy toppings on top. we took two bites each, and they were just so disappointing we didn't continue. I think I'll stick to La Taqueria, where although it might be pricey, the food is fresh, tasteful, and always exceeds expectations.
best burrito ive tried in the city so far. their chorizo is just different from everywhere else, it hits the spot. I'd recommend the chorizo super burrito. Only other thing is I'd recommend grabbing food during lunch because i feel like the quality of the food goes down near night time as the drunk crowd rolls in.
Fast service, food was overall good and prices weren't too bad. I recommend their tacos they're soooo delicious. Plus they say open late! The place is a little run down but I didn't mind too much
I have been hearing about the amazing burritos for a few years now, and I FINALLY got the chance to give it a try..... There is a damn good reason the line is out the door. Hot, fresh, and delicious burritos, tortas, and tacos are tasty and budget friendly. Know what you want before its your turn. Take it to go because there is limited seating available. Next time I'm in the Mission I'm getting extra for the ride home!
I usually don't go for Mexican food. It is not on my list of favorite food varieties. I just don't usually like corn, including corn tortillas and corn chips, I can't eat refried beans, and there is never enough spice or flavor other than maybe cilantro, lime, and salt. That being said, every now and then I get in the mood for a burrito. It is just such a convenient meal.So rather than going home after an event, I decided I wanted a burrito. Bad choice around Powell. I feel like I wandered for an hour trying to get into a decent restaurant. The only place I found with burritos said they had an hour wait. WTF is the deal around there? No burrito places? Psh. So I gave up, jumped on BART, and went to the Mission. The first thing I saw was El Farolito. I had heard others rave about it, and instead of debating about going to the first place I saw, I just walked right in. That was it.I got a vegan burrito, which is usually bland and a little boring, and a good challenge for a burrito place. I was expecting bland. NOOOOOOPE! There was no bland to be found in that burrito! The dang thing was huge, cheap, flavorful, and I am salivating just remembering how happy my mouth was while it was in my mouth. The guacamole was tops and the pico de gallo that I got at the salsa bar was some of the best pico de gallo I've had. I have no idea how, but I ate the whole thing in one sitting. I ordered the veggie burrito with no cheese and black beans. El Farolito es uno de mis favoritos! I'm glad I gave it a try.
They know me and I know them. I pick something different items I choose, I mainly pick is super burrito carne asada and super nachos :) not bad for decent price. I love it there. This is my place to buy it for lunch, dinner or midnight craves.
The food here is excellent!! So yummy and delicious. Also- a good value for your $ Try the super suiza al pastor (pork) It's to die for!! The line moves fast- The salsa bar is excellent especially the green one with avocado.
Ahh crap! We found this place during the worst time! 5 months before my wedding!! How am I gonna fit into my dress?? My fianc and I were shopping on Valencia and decided to eat dinner. We spotted this place on yelp because I was craving Mexican food!We both got the sueza quesadillas!! I got chicken and he got streak! Oh man! So generous! One is good enough for two people, but with our hearty appetites we each got our own! Don't expect this place to be a 5 star atmosphere because it's completely the opposite! The food quality outweighs the dirty tables and rude service!
Overhyped. Came after clubbing, ordered a super veggie burrito $6.75 after waiting in line for 5 minutes, got some salsa and salsa verde and took a seat. Chips are 50 cents and so good. Crispy, good thickness and not over fried. Just how I like it.For the tortilla, they give you the option of flour, wheat or spinach. Ta-daa! Love how this hole in the wall gave options. Our food came out and the super veggie burrito is easily enough for 2 people.. but I killed the entire thing in less than 15 minutes. Good burrito. The basics for a veggie. Refried beans, some lettuce, rice, and cheese.. not melted. The burrito lacked sour cream and guacamole.. the whole point of "upgrading" to a super are for those two sinful best friends. Mine only had a light shmear, may have been because it was busy they were not too focused on the portions of the goodies.One of the employees behind the counter kept staring at me while I was eating. Awkward with a hint of creepy.Would not go out of my way to eat here again but it is open late, lines a bit long, ample seating, food comes out fast and decent food.
Are you reading this while you and your friends are buzzed/drunk and looking for the next place to go after a night of partying? Whether or not you are, just STOP SEARCHING AND GO TO EL FAROLITO. There may be a line of drunk people that goes out the door after 2am on weekends, so while 1-2 people stand in line, the rest should try to grab a table. They take orders and start cooking while you're in line, so the line moves pretty fast. I recommend getting the super quesadilla... so big, so filling, so oily, so unhealthy, yet soooooooo goooooooood.SUPER QUESADILLA!
I think I finally understand now the appeal of a burrito. My only exposure to burritos are in New York, where Chipotle seems to be the most reliably delicious version in the area. You may pity me, but now I have seen the light. The difference, I think, is spice. The burrito I had at El Farolito was boldly spiced - the rice was spiced, the carne asada was red and oily, and everything came together in a happy and spicy bundle. I find it remarkable that even the tortilla itself was good - it had a flaky, fluffy texture more akin to an Indian prata than a weird papier mache texture I'm more accustomed to.I wasn't going to ingest one thousand calories at a go, but if you're starving, this would be a great $6.75 option for you.
The Boss burrito was simply that. BOSS. El pastor and shrimp super burrito minus avocado dude, it was heaven. However I cannot get passed the $3.50 jarritos? The entrance is tight and waiting for your "to go" meal may include rubbing against other customers waiting for their food as well (Place is cramped). Dinning area is limited so if you see an empty table take it before someone grabs it!
Last weekend I decided that it had been far too long since we had eaten any legit Mexican food, and it was time to change that. On to El Farolito!!I had high expectations due to the ravings of fellow Yelpers, but I'm not going to lie I was a bit disappointed. Maybe I didn't order the right thing? Anyway the BF and I took the bus to the Mission and had little trouble locating El Farolito. They are right on the corner and there were a good amount of people in line so it wasn't difficult to spot. We walked in and looked at the menu for a bit which was enormous and had so many different choices. I mean they had calf head and calf brains as an option.. whoa. We decided to try the tacos: I got an order with chicken and carne asada and he had an order with lengua and chorizo. I was under the impression that the tacos were 2 for $2.25 but for some reason the guy charged us $2.25 for EACH taco. I guess I misread the sign.We also ordered some chips (50 cents) which were delicious with the all you can eat salsa bar. That green avocado salsa is legit, we ate so much of that I stopped counting the cup-fulls lol. Service is quick but the guy calls out the numbers in spanish (then in english later haha) so be prepared. The tacos are big and STUFFED with meat so in the end I didn't feel as ripped off. I wouldn't recommend getting the chicken because it was a bit dry but the carne asada was really yummy. However, the winner out of the four meats was the LENGUA (beef tongue). This lengua was the softest, tenderest, yummiest lengua I have ever eaten, I would definitely come back for that. As we were walking out I saw the chef cooking the meat on the grill and I saw him constructing a massive burrito which looked so delicious. Guess I'll be coming back for a burrito next time ;)
I was told that this is one of the best burrito places in the US. And upon arrival, this assumption was reinforced by the long line waiting for their food. And I gotta say this place is pretty darn good. The burrito is massive but still manageable to eat (which in my book is a highly important KPI for burrito quality). Having said that I'm an Annas burrito person (probably the best one in the world #BostinPride) and thus only few places can get a higher rating than Annas :) but it is certainly worth a visit and worth a burrito.
This place is a dive..... There is simply no other taqueria is da city that even comes close to this place. Awesome
Two words: SUPER BURRITO! My friends took me here after a night of clubbing. We got here a little bit after 1:30 and there was already a line. By the time we left at 2:30, the line was twice as long! They got this down to a system. Someone takes your order while you are in line. You take the receipt to the cashier and pay. Try to find a table to sit and wait for your number to be called. Get burrito and eat! Don't forget the hot sauce. The green one has a great kick to it! I got the super burrito with carne asada. It comes with everything (rice, beans, guac, sour cream, cheese), unless you specify otherwise. You can also choose any choice of meat. The burrito definitely hit the spot after a crazy night. I'll definitely hit up this place the next time I'm in SF.
A pretty big line, but moves with precision and good service.Supper Burrito is PACKED with great meat and flavor. Good pico de gallo available also on the side as well, as are some of the other salsa bar items, some though pack a punch.Tender beef carne asada, packed buttery rice. The tortillas are fluffy and chewy and juiced up rice and goodness. Fresh avocado filling and all.A great solid burrito totaly worth it.
Their super quesadillas...... Soo good!! The hype is so real for this place and the line will go out the door. I LOVE their avocado salsa, I've never seen any mexican food place serve avocado salsa.. For free at least. You have the option of different kinds of tortillas, definitely want to try the spinach tortilla next time. Super burrito is so worth it, by the way. You only pay a dollar more from the regular burrito and it makes for great leftovers after a night of going out ;)
The cabeza (head) and lengua (tongue) are so good! The line is always there but goes fast and the prices are unbeatable. The salsas also get quite spicy and can be used in unlimited quantities so be careful. Also ask for half and half meats in the burrito for extra deliciousness.
Really disappointed overall... Highly overrated! The place was dirty. the food was soggy. the line was long. Maybe I didn't get the right thing?I had a Shrimp Burrito, the shrimp was not grilled but boiled? or steamed? Really lacked seasoning.
This place is horrible. To the point where we didn't even order and walked out. First off it's not in the best part of San Francisco and was in a very dirty location. When we walked in the tables were also filthy. We were waiting in line and when someone just walked in, the guy behind the register looked at him and said next like if he skipped us on purpose. There are by far better places to go to for tacos so don't go here.
SO DISAPPOINTING! My friends took me here and told me it was so good. They ordered me a torta which is one of my favorites. This one was dry as hell. It tasted like they toasted the bread way to long. It had no sauce whatsoever, just 2 pieces of meat some sour cream jalapeos and I think some lettuce. It was bland and was not as good as I thought it was gonna be.
It was a nice, huge super burrito with chips and a free selection of salsa. I had enough left over for lunch the next day. However, I wasn't wowed. But I did like how the cheese was melted inside the burrito.
Visiting San Francisco and wanted to get away from the tourists traps. This is place is right behind the BART station making it easy to eat and get to your next destination for a tourist and locals.Pros: Food was great. Got the carne asada super burrito, a bean and cheese burrito and there are no complaints. It is a total dive/hole in the wall but what makes it great besides the food is the fact that it is diverse. There are Caucasians, African Americans and Latin Americans all eating together enjoying great food. The one thing that can really bring the world together, FOOD! They sell beer which is great with Mexican food in addition to the Mexican bottled coke. Cons: It does get crowded but we got there around 4pm and there was nobody in line however, 5 minutes later, the line was out the door.Overall, try it, enjoy it and if you are use to big eating areas that are private, don't eat here. This is for people to eat and experience culture in a small area.
Delicious at 2am but nothing more. This place is overhyped. I recommend getting there before bar close otherwise you will be waiting for a very long time.
The first mistake Nate Silver ever made --El Farolito is the best burrito in the Bay Area and probably in the US. Carne asada is the weapon of choice here; if you want chorizo, go to La Taqueria. There's nothing new to add to the existing reviews: Small space and long lines, but totally worth it. Don't be that guy who takes up a table for four on his lonesome. Nobody likes that guy.
Get the super burrito- best burrito in SF hands down. Long lines after 2am on the weekends because they close late and one of the best places to get drunk food after a night out. Great selection of meats. I like to get the tongue and it's always bomb. You NEED to come here... you won't be disappointed. Cash only
Awesome hole in the wall in the Mission. It's CHEAP and GOOD. I usually get the carnitas super burrito which has a ton of flavor. The burritos are also huge, large enough for two people. Not the cleanest place but food is too good to pass up. The line can sometimes go out the door but wait is never too long. They open late so it's a good place to grab food after the bars.
Finally was able to try this San Francisco classic Mexican spot! It's right in the Mission, where there's a bunch of Mexican food (and many other great cuisines). You can be sure that there's be a line here that never seems to get shorter, but you'll understand why once you eat the food. I'm giving more of a 3.5 star rating for El Farlito, but I rounded down because it really doesn't seem like a clean place.I got the quesadilla suiza with carne asada, which was quite good. Not the best quesadilla I've ever had, but this knife and fork masterpiece is nothing to mess with! I also tried a super burrito (with al pastor) that was super tasty. It looks like they just cook a lot of meat (probably 10 lbs of carne asada) at a time, but you'll get a chance to watch them cook the mountains of meat when you're in line!
Great quick taco joint. Had beef tongue, marinated pork and grilled chicken tacos, along with a beef quesadilla. Feels exactly like this kind of place should feed - guy upfront quickly takes your order, friendly enough to suggest if you're a bit lost or unsure, yet sufficiently stern to keep things moving. The grilled chicken could use a little but more seasoning, but everything else was delicious and cooked just right. Love that they give the chips and salsa as part of the package. I liked the spicier version of the salsa, but others seem to really like the green one as well, so clearly suited to a variety of tastes.
Always a long line, but it moves fast, stays open late, and is good. Everyone I have taken enjoys it. Hint: call in your food ahead of time. You still have to wait for it because they won't cook it until you come, but at least you can hop the line :) CASH ONLY. Don't forget.
Quite the experience! Crazy busy and for good reason. Great authentic Mexican. We got the tacos and the super burrito. I was still full the next day!
IT'S SO GOOD. GO GET IT.The super shrimp burrito is my entire life. Gooey cheese. Avocados. Flavor. Heaven.Wait is actually not bad at all, considering the quality of the food. Go on a weekday and you should have no problem getting your food in a reasonable amount of time. Prices are extremely reasonable: every dish is about $10, and if you're not too hungry it will easily last you a couple meals.Tip: this place is cash only!
Yes, it's a dive. Yes, parking is huge PITA. But who cares, the food is amazing! Every bite was a mouthgasm. Can't wait for my next trip to SF for some more.
There once was a time where El Farolito was better than Cancun. They had a location on Mission and on 24th Street. You would go to 24th to avoid the line on Mission. The vege burritos were filled with avocado and there was no lettuce. Those days are over sadly. Even though the same faces are still behind the counter. I still rate the Super Quesadilla Suiza very highly but I have to give 1 star for the piece of crap buritto they served me. They went from one of the best to one of the worst vege burittos in the Mission. Lettuce is not a substitute for avocado. Lettuce should not be in a burrito. Just on top of tacos if anywhere.
The BEST tasting mexican food you will find in SF.I always come here late night when I get the munchies or post clubbing/drinking, which means it's EPIC DRUNK FOOD and it opens late (2:30 am on weekdays and 3:30 am on weekends).They have all your meats from carne asada to your beef tongue, head and even cow brains (too outgoing for me, esp since I'm a bio major and learned about mad cow disease). You can have your meat in tacos, burritos, quesadillas, even flautas, tortas, tostados, and other plates. The portions are GIANORMOUS for the amount you pay. Everything under or around $10. The only downside is that they're cash only and there's limited seating (the place is pretty small). Another con is that since it's sooo good, there's long lines.They take your orders quick and make them relatively quick too. Their sauces are good too. Warning: I love their jalapenos, but my mouth is left on FIREEEEE!I always get their burritos and their quesadillas. And I can never finish it myself, I always have to share or bring some home to eat tomorrow.I come here as often as I can...which is not a good thing for my waistline, but my tastebuds crave it.If you've NEVER tried it....IT'S A MUST EAT PLACE IN SF.
El Farolito is still the boss! Big dislike to all the SoCal folks who say they've lived in such-and-such city or suburb and thus really know burritos. You don't! Our mission burrito is renowned worldwide friends and is a force and course like no other!!
I've been told that this is the best Mexican place in the city and you know that I had to find out for myself...Everyone recommended the burrito, but I found myself craving the quesadilla and I thought I made a good choice. I got the suiza quesadilla with el pastor and it was really good. I was surprised to find myself almost eating the whole thing considering it looked it could have been meant for 2. My only complaint was that the el pastor was a tad salty, but other than that, it was stuffed was cheese and other goodness and it was grilled to a perfect crisp to softness ratio.Overall, I would come back. I heard the line could be endless sometimes, but we got pretty lucky with a short wait and even a table to sit at. I'd probably get the quesadilla gain but with the lengua next time!
Gigantic portions. Long line. Cash only. Took it to go and ate while people watching for hours at Dolores Park. Quesadilla, burrito, and tacos were all great! Obviously couldn't decide on what to get so we got it all... If you have a weak stomach I wouldn't recommend because it is a lot of heavy food that you won't be able to stop eating because it is delicious.
I was craving a burrito, so I got their super burrito with cow tongue. Tongue was tender, albeit it was at the very end of the burrito. I wanted to cry after eating a third because it was just too much. So much food. I was sad to not finish this burrito. Perhaps one day, after many more pushups and miles, I will be able to have the appetite and energy to process another monster burrito. I still prefer the tongue at the taco/burrito truck by best by though, I like how they crisp it up for a contrast in texture.
If you can handle a little wait on the weekends this place is gold. Half steak/half chicken burrito was the best I've had in years.
Yesterday* Esquire magazine named** El Farolito the best burrito. Not just in San Francisco. Not just in California. But in the country.Seriously, best in the whole U.S. of A.Clearly, I needed to try this post-haste before the lines were so long*** we couldn't get in the door, let alone get a table. I mean most of SF already knows the food here is great, but now that yuppy transplants like me are aware of it, it's only going to get worse.So last night (Monday), a friend and I took Bart to 24th Street and got in line for El Farolito to try the burrito. It looks like just about any other taqueria -- kind grimy, with a long kitchen that culminates with a cash register where you put in your order. I learned the rules quickly: get in line, look at the menu****, and have your order ready by the time you get to the front of the line. It's cash only, so come prepared as people will get upset with you if you don't have cash after you order and then try to skip the line after you've gone to hit an ATM.Also, people really hate when you save seats: wait until your entire party has ordered and then go find seats. You might have to wait for a few minutes for a table to open up, but you can always get the food to go and head to a bar nearby.On to the food: I had the chorizo super burrito while my friend got carnitas. We also picked up a steak quesadilla because the picture looked enticing and we like them. I enjoyed my burrito, though I didn't like the chili-fication of the chorizo -- it was ground and cumin-y instead of being the stringy, pulled-pork style of chorizo that I'm used to. My friend enjoyed his carnitas even though he couldn't finish it, though he thought it was a little bland.But let's talk about the quesadilla! This is the best quesadilla I've ever had -- ever. It had the perfect cheese to oil ratio and was thick without being too stuffed. And the steak, oh the steak! It was fantastically season and perfectly grilled. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.I don't know if this is the best burrito I've ever eaten, though it was really, really good. But I would go back for just the 'dilla and I would not be ashamed about ordering two.* - early January of 2014, depending on when you're reading this.** - there was a reader poll, and SF residents may have stuffed the ballot box.*** - If you come late night, this is probably already the case.**** - though I advise getting here hungry because the burritos are huge, make sure not to be too hungry because with prices that are fairly inexpensive, you're going to order way more food than you should.
by far the best meican food i had in a long time seriously no wounder way its always packed i everytime i visit san francisco i will be coming here period the Quesadilla is amazing and the super burrito is bomb too a must when you are in san francisco.
It's been way too long since I've been here. And I cannot believe how packed this place is at 2:30am on a Saturday. The line moved, albeit slowly, but once you get your food, there are plenty of open booths to sit and enjoy your late night drunk snack (bottleneck effect?).* Al pastor tacos - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/el-fGood crisp, good flavor, soft yet fresh tortillas. Tons of fresh onion & cilantro on top to give it a good kick of flavor.* Carnitas burrito - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/el-fNice! I'm not a good burrito judge but my friend is an expert and loved this.
Three words: Food poisoning. Twice.More than three words: La Taqueria is better in every way.
Love this location. Could be cleaner but usually if you ask they will be nice enough to help clean the table off. I've never seen this place without a line. Food is always good here. I like their stuffed yummy Burritos and Casadas. The parking is not great here, but there's bart if you feel like stoppin by
Great place! There is always a line but these guys know how to make it go fast. It's cash only, but the guy manning the register is pro at managing the money and making sure the order is written down so the people making the food get it perfect. The food is wonderful. I crave it every time I come into town! It's turned into my staple place. I'm from Texas so I'm used to great Mexican food, but this place is the best burrito in town by far! The atmosphere is busy and chaotic, so I always get to-go. My favorite is to grab the food and then go to Dolares park nearby and eat there on the hill. I doubt I would ever come to eat there, but they do have some seating. The bathroom was a bit sketchy, the lock didnt seem secure enough and it wasnt the cleanest. But with every hand on deck helping with the food preparation (and the food being on-point), I just dont go to the bathroom there!
The burritos here at THE BOMB! I loved the hole-in-the-wall vibe here. But most importantly, I absolutely loved the chicken burrito that I ordered (~$6). The chicken breast was tender, as if it had been marinated for awhile. I loved all the flavors of the chicken burrito. It was huge, enough for me to eat half and be contentedly full. You really can't go wrong with ordering it the first time. The line during lunch hour is long and you will have to wait awhile, so try getting there before noon or after 1pm.
Yet another place in the 'oh I thought I had reviewed it, but now I surprisingly discover I didn't' category that I previously visited. Anyway, definitely come here if you're out in SF. Such great burritos and tacos, which I shared some bites with my friend who came with me on my SF trip. I didn't order a quesadilla, but that sounds like a great idea for next time.The bathroom also surprisingly isn't as bad as I feared it'd be, considering the neighborhood. But yes, definitely pay it a visit if you take a trip to SF! It's even right by a BART station(24th/Mission), so if you're in SF, what are you waiting for?
Nothing beats fresh mex food that is rich in flavor. Get the super burrito and you won't be disappointed. Meat has good seasoning and doesn't taste bland like other Mexican restaurants. The fresh salsa bar is a must. Get the green and spicy red. They are open late which is nice.
A great place for cheap eats in the mission and my go to for after club eats!
HUGE burrito!the line might get long, but the service is pretty fast. everyone tells me that this place is really bomb, but I was so... under impressed....... maybe I've been spoiled by San Diego, but this just tasted like a regular burrito. o___o For all the ppl who think this is the best burrito place ever. You poor, poor souls.....
Burrito update: the burrito I bought and have been diligently eating since last Wednesday is now 2/3 finished. (It's Saturday afternoon at the time of this writing.)
The tacos here are absolutely delicious! There was a line out the door when I went, but they have a great system down and are able to serve people very quickly. Regardless, its worth the wait. Can't wait to go back.
I'm not surprised this place is still here seeing how many people are here everyday.This was my favorite Mexican place until I moved out of the mission a few years ago. Glad to see that the prices and quality are still relatively the same. I prefer the quesadilla with steak, cheap and filling
El Farolito, as it nears Mr. 3000 status on Yelp, recently garnered (even more) national attention by getting the top overall seed in FiveThirtyEight's burrito bracket (see here: fivethirtyeight.com/burr). As I write this, the competition is still in Round 1, so it remains to be seen if El Farolito can go wire to wire.Now, I'm no burrito connoisseur. I'm from Texas, where a good many Mexican-inspired dishes are done well. For sure, breakfast tacos, a foodie feat of genius that can hardly be found outside the Lone Star State. Of course, Tex-Mex, which basically means anything smothered in gravy and cheese. There's queso, which for parties is Velveeta and Ro-Tel, and it's amazing. And--ode to Texas 'cue--the incomparable barbacoa, best had in taco form. But ask me about getting a burrito in Houston, and I'll be sending you to Freebird's or Chipotle.I approached El Farolito with a ravenous mind to know more about what makes a burrito so great, and I left with the understanding that I'd just eaten the best burrito I've ever had thus far. What makes a great burrito? First, the tortilla. As the tortilla grew in size to fit all the ingredients of a massive mission burrito, it still had to retain taste and texture while providing firmness to said burrito.Second, the rice. An understated part of the burrito, sure, but the Asian in me can by no means discount the importance of the burrito. It's a simple reason why Chipotle's burrito bests Freebird's (and yes, I know them's fighting' words). Now, I can't remember the taste of El Farolito's rice the way I can Chipotle's, but that was because of...Third, the binding. By that, I mean the other stuff that brings a burrito bite together. In El Farolito's case, the oozing deliciousness of cheese and sour cream and guac, all melded together to form perfect bite after perfect bite.Finally, the protein. That's meat and beans, and El Farolito's carne asada is just the type of divey, grilled Mexican awesomeness that tastes even better tortilla-ed. It's flavorful without being dry, seasoned without being overtly salty. It's a win.Of course, it never hurts to have some amazing salsa to slather on, and El Farolito's green sauce is some sinister stuff that you'd want to take home to Mama. The red sauce isn't bad, but the green is where it's at.Put it all together, and you have one heck of a burrito. It's so dang good I ran through it and didn't even have time to take a picture. Now that's worth a thousand words.
It was what I thought it would be. Pretty legit across the board. Go check it out for yourself.Atmosphere: 7/10Nothing nice about it, other than the smell of the food. But there's almost nothing wrong with that when its this type of cuisine, and that good.-------------------------Taste: 10/10All 4 ppl in the group became silent once the food hit the table. No words were exchanged. That's when you know the shit was on point. I tried the pastor quesadilla. Which wasn't your typical quesadilla. It was very much like a pressed burrito (w/o the rice n beans). Super greasy (+). And the guacamole salsa is so necessary. -------------------------Quality: 7.5/10The salsa was awesome. The pastor well seasoned. For cheap good, the standards are set well. *My friend did say he found a few small bones in his carnitas burrito...-------------------------Service: 10/10The service is fast and accurate. I was surprised when they dropped the food at our table, bc we changed tables twice. I was expecting them to yell out a number.-------------------------Value : 10/10This was great, cheap food!-------------------------Comparative: 10/10I was told it's the best in SF, and I believe it.-------------------------Overall Personal Opinion: 9/10Not the type of food I could eat very often, but when I'm back in town, I'll be sure to swing back by.-------------------------Grade: 9.07 (A-)
I realized I came here a long time ago, before all of the 'best burrito' hype. I remember it being good.Fast forward about 6 years: my friends and I came here after a day of showing them around the city (mostly eating haha). Service was fast, despite the lines. Don't expect the interior to be anything fancy. It's dingy, kind of dirty, and people often don't clean up after themselves.Service was good though, they got the line moving efficiently, and was friendly (based on the limited interaction I had with the staff). The burrito was good, very flavorful, moist, and not dripping wet. OMG you would not believe the trouble I've had with burritos basically flooding out the bottom. I got the lengua super burrito, and it was tasty, fresh, and dense.While not life-changing as some would claim, this is still a great place to get some Mexican food!.
I love Mexican food and this was the place to try in SF.I tried their Super quesadilla suiza. I didn't think quesadilas can be this amazing but it was. SO good and flavorful. It was the best thing ever! I also tried the lengua taco, which was delish. I can't wait to come back and try their burritos. I love their avocado salsa here as well!
all around good and late great hours
This taqueria has the MOST amazing burritos you can imagine and they fill you up for 3/4-1 day. Really. You don't have to eat anything after that. I can't quite put my finger on what makes them so good but I keep coming back everytime I'm in the city. I also really like the Carne asada burritos--actually, anything you eat here will be good.
Pretty pretty pretty good! Carne asada burrito could use more cheese but overall it's delicious!!
Patient: MeHistory: HeartburnDoctor: What brings you in sir?Me: HeartburnDoctor: had anything spicy today?Me: Yes, Mexican 'El Farolito Taqueria'Doctor: If you don't want to suffer from heartburns refrain from eating spicy food from there.Me: Can I get a different doctor? You're fired!
This review might be the result of a tipsy 2 am craving, but when I had the famous El Farolito burrito, it definitely lived up to the hype. My boyfriend and I shared a carne asada burrito (it was huge), but it's a burrito that I dream of. Since going to El Farolito, we've gotten two other burritos and they've only been major disappointments. It might be a little unhealthy how much I crave El Farolito.
This burrito was so good that even my burps after eating it were delicious. I ordered the super burrito with half el pastor half carne asada. The meat was flavorful, the rice melted with cheese was incredible, and the avocado slices were light and fresh. At the end of it all, tears were shed.Esquire named El Farolito "The Most Life-Changing Burrito in America," and it was indeed life-changing.
It only gets better and better. Go for the green avocado and tomatillo salsa, it's easily the best one. There are three veggie options that I love:Chile relleno burrito - a pepper is stuffed with cheese, covered in batter, deep fried, and then stuffed in a burrito with your usual fixings. Absolutely amazing, and something differentQuesadilla suiza - a huge quesadilla with sour cream and guac included (just tell them you want everything in it) that's lightly grilled. Totally hits the spotVeggie burrito - the classic, exactly what you'd expect. You can't really go wrong with this oneHappy eating! I'm hungry again just writing this review
I gag. I mean that in its literal sense, not in any turn-of-phrase-I-can-t-keep-up-street-lexicon. Gag. On pee. Urine. Excrement. As much as this place had been lauded, the very first thing I noticed upon walking through the door was not the decor, was not the line, was not the menu... it was urine. The overwhelming stench of urine was everywhere. In not one direction could I move to escape its smell. I mention this not only to set a scene but to shed light on the fact there's no way patron and worker alike could have avoided/dismissed the smell. It was everywhere. On my clothes. In my eyes. In my hair. In my nose. In my mouth! I was thoroughly disgusted. Even more horrifying was the blase way in which patrons and employees reacted to the situation. My friend and I looked at each other as though we were in bizarro-land. How were people eating with this health hazard, literally, hovering above and around them? Nauseated, I refused to sit and let any more of myself engage with the environs. The crappy (ha!) thing (well, join the list) about the situation was that I was mad with hunger. Against my better judgement, I ate a burrito. How'd it taste? I won't be honest (given the aroma sitting on my tongue and in my nose you can probably guess... tangy) but I am embarrassed to say I was just that hungry. After, I was forced to get some booze in me to kill the new viruses, undoubtedly, setting sail in my immune system. With almost 3000 reviews and a 4.5 rating, I have to hope -- to believe -- that my experience was an aberration. If not, you nasty, San Francisco!
It's 2am and you're in the Mission, you're hungry. Don't have a Snickers? Go to El Farolito. There's always a bunch of people lined up here so expect a bit of a wait. The portions are heaping and you're intoxicated, can you really finish that super burrito? Maybe. Likely, if you're challenged in your current state of mind. It's cheap and your stomach will thank you.
Incredibly overrated. I couldn't even believe it. The burrito I had was good, but not better than any other Mexican joint I've been to in the Bay Area. I think most people who grow up in the Bay have a good understanding as to what good Mexican food is, simply because we are surrounded by it. El Farolito appeals to tourists who might not have the same exposure to great Mexican food as we do. My friend got chicken tacos and the chicken was really dry and tough. I'm not an annoying foody or anything, but this place is overrated. My sister and her boyfriend went to a little taqueria a few doors down and it was much better!
This was some really yummy authentic mexican food. We both had super burritos, I had the chicken and he had carne asada. Everything was fresh and delicious without being overbearingly spicy or greasy. I wouldn't say this was hands down the best mexican food I have had, but for two burritos and two cans of soda it was 20.77, which after paying San Francisco prices at other restaurants was refreshing for the quality. The only downside was cash only (I had to pay to use the ATM across the street) and if you aren't using Uber or your own vehicle, it is quite the trek to get there on public transport from the Wharf area. *I am only mentioning that for tourists that use public transport like we do*
Came here around 2:00 A.M and the place was still over crowded. Ordered a chicken and steak super burrito. To sum it all up: BLAND,DRY,BOILED CHICKEN. The STEAK had FLAVOR but it was DRY/CHEWY. Greasy tortilla with a grimey foil wrapping that comes along with it.BEWARE OF THE HOOCHIE MAMAS THAT COME IN AND TALK TO YOU AT NIGHT.If you're a woman, be careful of some of the inappropriate drunk customers or the group of creepy old men staying posted outside the front door near the curb
I had the torta and it was pretty good, people tell me to try the burrito. So next time me and the guys order out I will try a super burrito with the green sauce.Also chips and salsa didn't come with the order.
Of course I needed to check out El Farolito. So many amazing reviews for such a hole in the wall! Cash only? Super old school. Streamlined service? Hell yeah. Amazing and greasy Mexican food? Check. The food is dirt cheap and phenomenal. I went for the mega quesadilla with chicken as my meat of choice. It was a perfect, no-buts-about-it-meal with a ton of food. It sits heavy in the stomach but what do you expect? There isn't a lot of seating so hopefully you get lucky and snag a spot. Totally recommend checking it out. Perfect post-bar food :)
These tacos are as good as it gets. We went twice when visiting SF for 4 days. They got our order right every time and all the food is spot on. I loved the shrimp ceviche and the pork taco is a must-have. I don't even mind the questionable level of cleanliness and commute. I definitely wouldn't bring a first date here but if I was a local it would absolutely be my guilty pleasure. It's a good place to go when you want to try something new with friends or for tourists who want to redefine what they believe a taco is. You kind of need some time since there's a line and they make everything fresh. I would definitely recommend eating-in with loads of napkins. It's kind of a mess to-go especially the tacos.
I lived my college years in San Diego and lived off of burritos. I was looking for something comparable. This is definitely not it. The place REAKED of bleach. It was so overwhelming that I felt like I could taste it in the food. The chips were definitely not made there, they tasted like chips from a bag. The burrito was just okay. I am all about weird divey burrito places but the quality of the food here was just not there. For me the search continues.
my last meal on earth shall be these nachos. i'd happily ride thru the gates of hell eating them.
If long lines, cramped spaces, buzzing flies and the occasional beggar don't deter you, you've earned the right to El Farolito's oh-so-filling burritos. On a street where almost every third shop is a taqueria, El Farolito has the advantage of being located right next to a BART station and 1000+ Yelp reviews - hardly a hidden gem. But the prices are completely reasonable given their fame. I've only recently jumped on this bandwagon so I can't attest to how good/bad the food was before, but considering that the number of times a week I crave a brick-sized carnitas burrito has quintupled, Farolito is a very satisfying safe choice whenever I'm in Mission. So about that carnitas... And the carne asada, and lengua, and chorizo, and yes, even vegetarian options, are finger-licking delicioso. Literally finger-licking - there's probably no clean way to eat any of their wrapped food (if you're particularly clumsy like me, you might even end up with morsels in your water cup). In particular, their crispy tacos are prone to crumbling into a delectable mess. Bottom line: prepare the napkins. I'd advise trying one of the larger taquerias for your bathroom needs. First, you'll have to flag a staff member's attention to buzz you in. Then, you'll have to dodge your way down the entire length of the single aisle to the back of the store, but in time to open the door before it locks again.
I am gonna say it's the best burrito I've ever had. First time I tried it too. My friend recommended it and I'm glad she did. Good price and definitely good portion size...it was bigger than my hand! I got the super and it was definitely with it.
Yes its cheap, yes portions are big, yes service is quick but.. the burritos here taste like your basic taqueria in any local Mexican neighborhood!!Maybe I'm just a bit disgruntled at the fact that my friends overhyped the experience, but srsly.. "life changing?" San Francisco, the whole bay area, all of California actually, is full of similar burrito deliciousness, with lesser crowds and spacier interiors!! While I do agree that my quesadilla and burritos were tasty, I would definitely not go out of my way to dine here, or care to come back for that matter. yall need to get out more
Having lived in the Bay Area for 7 months after living in San Diego for 7 years, I've finally given up on the idea of ever finding any local taqueria that comes close to serving tacos or burritos as craveable and delicious as San Diego because of my most recent visit to El Farolito. (And yes, I do realize that Mission style burritos are quite different than San Diego burritos but still!)I had high expectations of this place since all my friends raved about this place and is highly regarded on social media, but to me it was just any standard run of the mill taqueria food you could find on any street corner. I tried the carne asada super burrito and carnitas super quesadilla and nothing stood out. I wish I could recall some more details about my meal here, but that's exactly how I remember it... unmemorable. I live in Hayward and work in San Mateo and for me, I think there are restaurants in those cities that serve way better Mexican than El Farolito.
This is one of my favorite places to get a burrito. Good portion/pricing ratio. Best of all the salsas you can get as much as you would like the verde salsa is amazing. If I am ever in that neighborhood it's an instant must go.
Best Burrito in all of the Land!Open late and quick. Pick up a Bosses burrito and your good to go! This A1 burrito contains Al Pastor, Shrimp, refined beans, rice, sour cream, guac, and salsa. They have a salsa bar that I would say is below average, buts that's not why people come here
Awesome food (carnitas are always kick ass) and worth the wait. Haters will hate, but the meat speaks for itself. I have been here both sober and not, and it's amazing every time.
This will FOREVER be the spot on Mission SF! I LOVE their quesadilla suizas!! Best quesadillas ever, burritos are bomb too! I always recommend tourists to check it out!!
SUPER QUESADILLA SUIZA w/ carne asada: the perfect hangover cure... & definitely worthy of the 7x7 SF list (although they list it for the super burrito which is the same as the quesadilla but with rice)you've gotta order the "super" to get avocado & sour cream .. MMm to the cheesey goodness & the carne asada was pretty good..... yes this quesadilla is HUGE & heavy....you might want to share.. but then again it's so cheap only $6.25!unlimited salsa bar!! the green sauce is the best!CASH ONLYNOTE you can apparently call in your order & skip the line .. just go to the register & tell them you called
For some reason I cannot figure out how to rate a place 3 and a half stars.Anyway, I love this place. The El Pastor is to die for. Trust me! Get the super suiza quesadilla. It's huge! And it's only $6.75. You will not be disappointed!
I was up the street at Humphrey Slocumb getting ice cream with a gaggle of teenagers, and we figured nothing tops off ice cream like a burrito, right? The place was packed, but the line moved pretty quickly, and we were rewarded for our fortitude with a bagful of burrito goodness. I'm quite sure the bag, which contained three burritos, weighed 10 pounds. The meats (we tried chicken, carnitas, and carne asada) had this fantastic smokiness from the grill, and were cooked to perfection. The burritos are simple--just the basics. But those basics are done well, and boy, are they tasty.
I think the best thing about El Farolito is its pricing...I got a carne asada/al pastor super quesadilla and it was HUGE...I can't believe it was only $6.95.The food was pretty solid mexican fare...but it was SO oily! It was really hard for me to eat the quesadilla because the tortilla got quickly soggy from the oil that was seeping out. I didn't like that it wasn't really in a quesadilla form (It was more just like a flattened burrito that didn't have the ends tucked in). Overall, good large portions of mexican food for a VERY good price.
To start, I came in knowing that this was supposedly the "best burrito in America," according to Nate Silver's website and a bunch of other burrito rankings. That pretty huge hype to come in with, and in some cases a detriment if you can't live up to it, even if only slightly short.You can tell right from when you entered this place was gonna be good. Right by the door you see a man grilling and chopping up meats, stream/smoke going everywhere. The smell alone was amazing. Just a note: when I went there was a bit of a line and seating was hard to find. I never consider this a detriment in a place like this (in fact it's a good sign), but a little FYI and prepare to take it to-go. Back to the hype. Did it live up? Yes and no. I can't knock anything about the burrito itself. Every ingredient not only tasted good, it was about as top-notch as I could imagine it. Burrito is stuffed with ingredients (as a Mission-style one should), but a good ratio. Rice doesn't overpower meat. Meat is juicy and so good. Tortilla has the perfect blend of chewy yet crunchy on the outside. But the one downside? I felt the salsa bar was a little lacking and salsas can really make or break a burrito for me - especially a thick, dark-red, hot salsa. If I could take it to-go and combine with a salsa of my choice from some other of my favorite joints, I may agree best burrito no question. Of course it's no hard task to take it home and combine with salsa of your choice but this will have to knock it for a perfect 5 for me (I'd do 4.5 if I could).Still, this is definitely a must visit. If on a road trip, maybe hit San Jose first, buy a bottle of that awesome orange sauce from La Victoria, and bring it when you visit Farolito. I definitely will try that next time, and I wouldn't be surprised if nothing could top that.
Protip: First timers should get the Carne Asada Super Burrito.Q: is this the best?A: arguably the best Carne Asada Super Burrito aroundQ: what about the rest?A: good-to-really-good taqueria fareQ: is it better than [insert taqueria]?A: depends, but arguably very very competitive
I have heard of this place from so many people and have seen it on lists of Mexican restaurants to try. So of course I had to go. Solid burritos and salsa bar. I ordered the lengua and poured lots of salsa on the burrito. Pretty awesome.
Hands down, this is my favorite taqueria in San Francisco. Here are a few reasons why this place is so good: 1. It is cheap for San Francisco Standards: You get a good bang for your buck and almost everything on the menu will fill you up.2. There are plenty of places to sit down: I usually go with a group of 5-10 friends and while other places have a hard time accommodating us, El Farolito never fails.3. They open really late: In a city where most places close really early, El Farolito is good place to have a late night snack.That being said here are some negatives:1. The food itself is only four stars: Sorry guys, but the carne asada isn't as flavorful as it could be. El Farolito doesn't compare to SoCal taquerias, its good but it doesn't match up.2. Parking: being on 24th and Mission, parking here is very painful. While this has nothing to do with the restaurant, it is something to consider. Overall, this is still one of my favorite places to go in SF. It's fun place to relax and hang out. Still one of SF's best
My boyfriend is from SF & has been raving about El Farolitos since we've been dating. I'm from SJ & I've had my fair share of some pretty good Mexican food spots -- La Vic's, Santa Fe Taqueria, etc. Today, I finally got to experience El Farolito with my bf & now I cannot help but to rave about this place as well.Service: We arrived to El Farolito around 11 p.m. Tuesday. The place was busy & there was a long line, which moved quickly. They take cash only. The cashier was friendly & called me sweety. Yeah, 2 stars for sweetness & a quick line for postponing my hangriness.Food:Hands down, El Farolito serves one of the best carne asada super burritos in SF. My carne asada super burrito was glorious & firmly packed with meat, rice, & beans (just ask for everything. I ordered everything on my burrito. Go big or go home). The meat was crisp & flavorful. Funny thing, when my order was called I picked up my burrito which was in a plastic bag & my goodness...I wasn't expecting the bag to be a bit heavy. Bam. 3 stars.Environment:This isn't a fancy place for a date. If you & your boyfriend don't mind unclean tables, a grimy bathroom (ladies, bring extra napkins just in case) & being crowded, then have yourselves a bite to eat at El Farolito. If not, go eat in the FiDi.Whenever I'm in the Mission District & I'm craving a burrito, I'll definitely be back at El Farolito.
For the best burrito in town, you've gotta try this place. Nested in the Mission district, the atmosphere is lively, perfect for dinner with friends and family. There's always a line depending on the day and time. The service is quick and table turnover is fast. I always get a super burrito with everythin' with either steak (carne asada) or pastor (marinated pork). Price is cheap for a huge burrito. Full of flavor and put an end to my protein craving. To add to the mix I always order an horchata to go with my burrito. This cinnamon rice drink is down right sweet and delicious. If you add spicy sauce to your burrito and in the case your tongue is burning, horchata is perfect to cut the spiciness. Chips are another $.50 I think which is not bad at all. Everything is superb here and what a burrito joint is supposed to be. I've found my addiction. What's yours?
Pretty good spot, but a bit overrated in my opinion. I get that it's a scene to get in a long line and then hunt for a table, but it's hard to justify given all the great Mexican spots throughout the Mission.Yes, this is solid traditional style Mexican, but I wasn't blown away. Floppy tacos and tasty yet greasy meat. Definitely a good portion for the price though. The burritos are insanely massive. The food came out quickly and the cashier was a bit friendlier than expected. Weird bathroom situation, but I get it.I would definitely come here again during an off hour.
Serious late night mexican. This place is intense, as are the people who hit this place up late at night after a rough night. I would not say the food here was excellent, but it definitely offers you a hot, serious mexican meal for a killer price at the right hour.
CHOO CHOO all aboard the hype train! El Farolito definitely lives up to its reputation. This might be the best burrito I've ever eaten. I went with the al pastor super burrito. Everything was just spot on. The construction of the burrito was flawless. Stayed together perfectly to the last bite, with no soppiness in sight. The al pastor was tender and well-seasoned. Crema can often be overwhelming, but there was just enough to make the whole burrito rich without being intrusive. The chunks of avocado were like little nuggets of bliss sprinkled throughout. The cheese was gooey. Everything was just perfectly in proportion and balance. I'm now sad I do not live in SF.
So hyped. So disappointed.Came in here Sunday around noon for a super burrito, based on the yelp reviews and an article from 538 saying that this place has the best burritos. In America! As this was based on yelp data, I had to try it myself. Line was about 8 deep upon my arrival, and took about 10 minutes to get through to order. After that, another 5 minute wait, and a huge burrito was in my hand.Bottom line up front: very average. It was good, but definitely not worth the praise. And definitely not near what I've had in San Diego. They were out of the carnitas (really.), so I ended up with a carne asada super burrito. The carne asada had good flavor at least. As for the "super" part, it included one small slice of avocado, and about a gallon of sour cream. Pretty weak if you ask me. The rest of the burrito consisted of a little cheese, and loaded with pinto beans and rice. Like- loaded. Way too loaded for my tastes.The salsa bar was also lacking. The green salsa just didn't have any flavor, and the two reds were average at best. No pickled veggies either. One thing I love about California is the green salsa, but this place just doesn't do it very well.Overall, I'll give it 3 stars, based on the hope that the carnitas would have been better. But all those beans and rice make me doubt it. I think I just talked myself into a 2 star review. Sorry San Francisco- just not really impressed.
Tacos de tripa were the bomb!! It's a little hole in the wall but very good food. Cash only.
This place has seriously one of the best burritos I've ever had. Came at a time when the line wasn't bad and only had about a 10 minute wait. Order the carne asada super burrito and you will not be disappointed. It is juicy and has fresh avocado in it and is so filling! It's cash only so make sure you got that dough before heading there. It's also right next to the 24th street mission station so it is super convenient for Bart riders! Definitely one of my new favorite taquerias.
The fact that I grew up in the Bay Area and didn't try an El Farolito burrito until age 26 should be a crime.I cannot believe I've deprived myself of their light, airy tortillas for so long. And that carne asada meat, WTF. I usually order vegetarian burritos at other taquerias -- I've noticed that meat tends to overpower the flavors of the cheese, rice and beans -- but here the meat is the perfect complement. It's just so tender and moist. A respectful hush went over my table when we started eating because the food was so good.I also sampled the shrimp ceviche tostada -- again, the flavors were there and it was such a light refreshing way to top off my half burrito.Be warned: You probably will have to wait in line during peak dining hours. It's kinda dingy, dark and small inside. You do have to pay extra for chips, which don't look or taste half as good as they do at Pancho Villa. But again, the burrito ... it'll be without a doubt one of the best things you've ever had in your entire life.
Been here several times and they've never disappointed me. Every single time I come it's a line. And they move pretty fast. They're slanging that meat all over the grill. I couldn't live by here, my arse would spread for sure. Nonetheless the food is great!
If you haven't done this already, you should navigate to Nate Silver's national burrito bracket, fivethirtyeight.com/burr . El Farolito is right there in the upper left-hand corner. An immediate visit was called for.Arriving for an early lunch, I ordered a quesadilla suiza with marinated pork (and *not* a burrito!), while my partner in crime had a regular-sized veggie burrito. We were given a basket of chips so we wouldn't suffer from starvation during the ten minutes that it took for our order to be prepared. As other yelpers have remarked, the green (avocado) salsa is fabulous. My quesadilla was fine as well and I got a good report on the burrito. The price was right (something like $12.23 for the two of us, including tax).I plan to return, especially if our team wins its bracket in the first round. On the other hand, there are plenty of similar establishments in the immediate vicinity, both on Mission and on 24th. In particular, La Taqueria on Mission yelp.com/biz/la-taqueria went head to head with El Farolito for the number one national seed on fivethirtyeight.com.  It might be most sensible to check out the competition before returning to El Farolito.
This place made me think "Why the F doesn't DC have a good burrito place?" Seriously- W.T.F??Anyway, El Farolito is pretty amazing. Just take my word for it (along with the other couple thousand people who have given this place a stellar review). Not sure if it is better than La Taqueria (really too hard to say), but this one did fill me up more, for better or worse.
I'm gonna keep this short the food is tasty and delicious the sauces are well-made and flavorful the lines are long but the service is fast. In a nutshell they make really good Mexican food. My only complaint they need to keep the place cleaner. Overall good eating! The prices are reasonable.
Great drunk mexican food! Any burrito is a solid choice.
I really wanted to love this place but the burrito deities had other plans. Came here around 10pm on a Saturday, line out the door but not too crazy. I ordered a super steak burrito pretty run of the mill pleasant interaction with the folks at the counter except for a few curious stares from some of the folks preparing the food. And for whatever reason my order was too much for the cashier and the cooks to handle. It took 20 minutes and the same man who took my order and stood next to the cashier while I paid asked me SEVEN TIMES what I'd ordered. He took my receipt, looked at the number and order SEVEN TIMES. One of the guys who was cooking looked up after the seventh, "can I see your receipt?" and said I would have to keep waiting, then suddenly, "I'll make it for you, sorry." He made a steak and rice burrito with a bit of salsa AFTER taking the receipt that read 'super carne'. No cheese, no beans, no guac, no cream, nothing else but steak rice and some salsa. It wasn't great. I have some serious thoughts about this incident especially since I was with someone who can attest to the fact that I was treated a bit differently from those we saw who ordered before and after us....
Stopped in on my way to the airport. I definitely agree with the locals in that they serve the best burritos in San Francisco! I will definitely go back when I visit this area again!
As soon as ive arrived i saw there was a line outside. So it had to be good.boy was i mistaken. The place is dirty. Received an 82 on restaurant protocol review, which means that it "needs improvements." Although I doubt it will. But nonetheless, I ordered two super burritos, chicken and steak. Half way through the chicken burrito I bit on something hard and spit it out. As soon as I saw it I threw the chicken burrito away. I then decided to eat the steak burrito, come to find out there was another disgusting thing in it, except this time it had thorns !!! I WARN EVERYONE TO NOT EAT AT THIS LOCATION!!! I've eaten at other locations and they were fine. This location is truely horrible. Im honestly surprised this place is still running ...this place deserves no stars at all. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Oh San Francisco... I can't believe this is one the best Mexican places in this city. Generic, crap corn tortillas. The 'crispy' taco shell was worse than what Del Taco or Taco Bell uses. Long lines, long waits, rushed unfriendly staff. Ugh. DO NOT GET A TACO.On the bright side, the carne asada burrito was pretty delicious. Not San Diego delicious, but still pretty solid.
Had the carne asada burrito and it was huge, cheap and delicious. It had a lot of flavorand I was surprised by how much meat it had. The meat was juicy and tender. It comes with unlimited salsa verde, etc and it was such a good meal. There are plenty of seats. Divey place!
Delicious and massive, well priced burrito... Worth the wait... Super burrito with marinated pork is my recommendation... The streak one wasn't as flavourful
The key to your bf's heart is a burrito. My bf and I were in a fight and I brought him home a burrito from El Farolito and it made everything better. I am pretty sure it was because the burrito was 1. delicious and 2 huge.I need to give MAJOR props to the grillers and men that make these burritos. It is an art. The griller was all over the place, multi tasking, putting things together, grilling, adding to different plates. He took out the bad meat from the meat he was cooking too. The food itself is DELICIOUS. Everything is fresh or at least tastes fresh.And when I couldn't finish the burrito which itself is HUGE, I added eggs the next morning and made it into a breakfast burrito dish for breakfast.
The food at this place is great--large portions and super cheap burritos. The atmosphere isn't that great--pretty efficient and fast service, but it's just in and out here. It's directly next to the BART station and not that far from Muni, so it's easy to get to without a car, and it's close to Dolores Park if you want to take a burrito to go.
My mind wasn't blown away, but it was solidly the best cheap Mexican food I've had. The real(?) El Farolito, not to be confused with the other two on the same block that definitely confused me, will likely have a line out the door of the cozy (read: crowded) hole in the wall. Just how I like it. Got the chorizo super suiza quesadilla, and the balance of ingredients was really nice. My only issue was the oil from the chorizo leaked all over the place, which was disgusting but to be expected, I suppose. I'll try the al cantor next time!
This is an amazing burrito. There was a long line of people when we went on a Sunday at 1pm, but we managed to get seating right away after ordering our burritos. We ordered the pork and grilled steak super burritos. I think the grilled steak burrito is one of the best things I have eaten. The wonderful crispy meat is incredible. The pork was very good as well, but I think the steak beats it out. Great place to go for a burrito. They are also pretty big (at least compared to La Taqueria). I ate one and a half and couldn't eat anything else the rest of the day.
Best mexican food ever!!! Specialy the quesadilla para dos its enough for 3 lol but i highly recomend this place
I made a late-night stop here on a Wednesday evening about 10 and the place was still very crowded with people stuffing their faces with their good food. I ordered a carnitas taco and a regular veggie burrito to go. The taco was filled with delicious meat and the burrito didn't disappoint either. In fact, I had to save some for the next morning because it was too much food. I got a bag for my to go food and I didn't realize that there were other El Farolitos around the Bay Area. Good to know!
I love this place! I will tell you why:1. It is open late.2. Their burritos are tasty.3. Their burritos are very very tasty. 4. I like their cantaloupe fresca.5. Salsa! 6. I have fond memories of eating here late at night.7. The people who come and get food here are generally friendly. 8. I think it's the best burrito in San Francisco, and I eat many many burritos...even though I probably shouldn't.
Classic, fresh, yummy, Mission taqueria deliciousness. Best chips anywhere (IMO). Line out the door, but they move things along very quickly. We loved the fresh salsas, especially the green one. Shared the Super Veggie burrito & the Carne Asada Suiza Quesadilla between 3 people. Both were huge & super tasty. We'll be back :)
This is in a sketch part of Mission that reminded me of downtown LA. I walked here at night with my bf and I was scared. So be careful!The line gets long from the post drunk rush, so i suggest going before midnight. My friend recommended the boss's burrito which is a mix of carne Asada and shrimp. Its the size of 2 of your hands stacked longitudinally!!! I also got 2 tacos- cabeza and lengua and a side of chips. I highly recommend the tacos. The shell was crisp on the outside. The cabeza, which is the pork cheek, is so tender. The lengua, the tongue, is also tender. And its only $2 each! And it ain't no puny street tacos. The chips are 50 cents and SO worth it. You get it right away and you can Nom on it while waiting for your order. The salsas from the salsa bar was AMAZINGG. I bought chips so I wouldnt look like a freak drinking my salsa like soup. The burrito was aiight. I felt like the flavors melded into one glob. It was hard to eat and I felt myself slathering it with salsa to give it flavor. Next time it will just be tacos and chips for me!
4.5 stars and over 2500 reviews. I had to go see what the hype is all about.I love a good dive and this place is the epitome... add to that cheap, fast and delicious Mexican food. You had me at hola.Everyone in my group went with a burrito except for me. My mind was made up the minute I saw someone walk by with a giant plate of enchiladas, rice and beans. I had to have it and it was delicious. So much food, I couldn't finish it all. I tried though... thought someone was going to have to carry me out afterwards.As for the burritos, GIANT. And ridiculously good. How good? My Canadian work counterpart was speaking Spanish while eating his. Okay, I made that part up... but he was ridiculously happy about that burrito.Warning: make sure you have cash. They do not take credit cards here.San Fran you stole my heart... and my stomach with this trip. I can't wait to come back in March.
Short version: it's loud and dirty, an amazing slice of Americana in a small square footage, and okay, greasy food for an excellent price. Verdict: people watch or eat-in late night when you're drunk and hungry. Long version: Several folks strongly suggested going here on my first trip to San Fran, and while staying at an AirBnB nearby, so myself and a gal pal tried it. We walk in a bit overwhelmed, and I ask the cashier what meat he would get on a quesidilla. "I only eat the burrito", was the answer I got, and I should've listened to the wisdom in that statement. Steak quesadilla was nice and HUGE, but so greasy I couldn't finish it. Also had to bus my own table, it had so much food caked all over it. Would I go here again? Maybe if I was mesmerized by some sexy soul who convinced me it was the one thing my life was missing, to give this place another chance. Otherwise? I'm taking the Walgreens' security guard's advice (a surprising sage for tourists in the area): go down the block and across the street for the best Mexican food in the area.Update: never going back here again. I don't care how sexy your soul is, anal leakage isn't worth it.
HOLY GUACAMOLE! Do yourself a favor and struggle with parking and wait in the line because it's all worth it after you bite into this burrito. So dank! I split the boss (al pastor and shrimp aka kitchen sink) burrito and chile rellano burrito with my Dad. Both out of this world. Green salsa = por favor! I saw a trick of the locals when I was here: fill that green salsa up in a water cup! You're welcome ;)
Read about this spot in FiveThirtyEight - "In Search of America's Best Burrito". Got here around 6pm on a Sun evening to find a very, very long line. Inside, all tables were occupied and ppl were standing in every conceivable open space, waiting for their order to be called. I guess because of the crowds the place was extra filthy. The kitchen looked like a total disaster with four men working their asses off. The garbage bin was overflowing, red baskets everywhere, carpets a mess with nacho crumbs and spilt salsa. The salsa bar pots were also almost empty. It was virtually impossible to even get salsa because of so many ppl crowded around the area. (Honestly, the whole time waiting, my fingers were crossed with the hope that I wouldn't end up with food poisoning). From start to finish, and I am not exaggerating, it took over an hour for one, super, carne asada burrito and a horchata to go. Anyhoo, I got home and devoured that bad boy. It was an excellent burrito. The steak was so well seasoned, the rice wasn't soggy, the beans were still whole and soft. I didn't see or taste any sour cream but there was tons of avocado to make up for it. It was definitely worth every penny ($9.80) but not willing to wait this long again in the future. Oh, and btw, no food poisoning ;)
Tip: There are multiple El Farolitos on 24th street, don't forget to tell your friends which one to meet you at :(This place is quite the eatery. With a line out the door, it clearly has the potential to live up to it's ranking in the burrito bracket by fivethirtyeight. That being said, it definitely isn't as good as the burritos in San Diego. Maybe it's just me talking with some rose-tinted goggles on, but there is just something about the california-style burritos with fries inside that just speaks to my inner human in a way that a mission-style burrito wrapped in tinfoil cannot.It's not a bad burrito though! It comes with all the fixings of a burrito, with a nice helping of carne asada. It's a burrito, but like some of the other Yelpers have mentioned.. It probably isn't the greatest burrito in California, and probably wouldn't even crack my top three. That being said, I'd get it in a heartbeat after a long day at work, especially since the fact that it is right outside the 24th street bart station eliminates any need for extra walking.About the restaurant itself, the layout is quite poor, mostly due to the room constraints. The room is essentially a long rectangle, with about a fourth of it reserved for burrito-preparation, and the rest of it reserved for seats. This leaves very little room for maneuvering around inside the restaurant, giving it a very claustrophobic feel. It's probably better to just take your burrito and go, or visit the other (much more open) location on 24th.Funny note: One of my friends asked them for guac for his chips, and got half an avocado in return. Maybe you'll have better luck.
I'll be the first to admit that Mexican food is not my favorite kind of food but when I saw the picture of the Carne asada quesadilla and all its cheesiness...I just had to give it a try. The pictures of the Carne asada quesadilla do not do it justice. It was massive! I couldn't finish it and I had help! Now for the taste, it was good! If you are a fan of meat and cheese then you can't go wrong. The only reason why I didn't give this place a four star rating was the restaurant itself. It was dirty! The tables look like they have not been clean for a days, there were flys flying around inside the restaurant as I ate and there was no ac in the place which made me feel even more dirty, Not only was I sitting in a dirty place, I am now sweating in a dirty place. I do recommend this place cause of their good food but I strongly recommend you get your food to go.
best burrito i've ever had, hands down.
I still remember visiting San Francisco a couple of years ago and our first stop right off the long road trip was El Farolitos. And my god I remember it being a heavenly burrito.Fast forward to Memorial Day weekend this year and I was determined to get another one and share this experience with my family. Even if we'd scarfed down Ikes, Humphry Slocombe, and Philz hours prior. Full or not, would get our burrito and taste the deliciousness that Esquire named the most life-changing burrito in America.I ordered the carne asada burrito. The meat was as perfectly charred as I had remembered and the fillings of the burrito joined forces to just charm my tastebuds.Will definitely make it a tradition for myself to get a burrito here every time I find myself in SF!
You have to be really good to be considered one of the best, if not the best burrito in the word. Granted this all subjective. However, in my opinion El Farolito is top 3, and only cause allegiance waivers every now and then. (too many good options in the Mission) Go here for the Carne Asada, but try some of their other meats. The Carna Asada burrito here is pretty much perfect. Good balance of meat and other ingredients. And you know the Carne Asada is always fresh because they sell so much of it. The carnitas are also really good, and the Lengua is delicious if you are adventurous. As far as breakfast burritos go, this is by far the best, just watching them crack the egg over the griddle makes your mouth water, and that choizo tho!Bear the long lines, it's moves fast and is worth it. Looking for a table is another story tho.
It's the best. That's all you need to know. I've only gotten super burritos, and all are amazing. Can't go wrong with meat choices. Don't know about the veggie options.
What better way to add on the calories than Mexican food after a night out? Nothing beats this place at 3am. The drunken conversations in line, the food, the falling asleep in your plate full of tacos. It's what life is all about. You might even find your next bf/gf here. If you're eating at 3am, go for the super burrito. It's a huge burrito filled with sour cream, guacamole, rice, your choice of meat, salsa and regret. You'll wake up crying delicious burrito-tinged tears, wondering why you ate that burrito last night.Cash only.
Often lauded as the best Mexican food in San Francisco, El Farolito boasts a line out the door both in the middle of the afternoon and in the middle of the night. If authenticity is what you're looking for, this is the place to go! My favorite is the chicken super burrito, which comes stuffed with fresh chicken, rice, fresh avocado, beans, salsa, cheese, and sour cream. Both times I've had it, my burrito has come to me almost popping open with the amount of ingredients they put in there. Everything is so simply cooked, but the flavors come together perfectly, especially once you drizzle on the green sauce to your heart's content. Even with all of the Mexican options in the Mission, El Farolito is consistently one of the best and a must-try if you're in the area!
Really good, really cheap burritos.The line can be long but it goes quickly. I love this place!
Really good mexican food. Food quantities are huge so order knowing the fact that you can always order more if you're not full. The service is also very good as food comes out from kitchen very quickly. I think majority of folks go for the super burrito - gigantic size. We ordered that along with Chiles Rellenos and could barely finish it. They have very good salsa combination which goes well with chips. The super nachos was a disappointment as all chips were really really soggy as if it was made well in advance.
I rarely post reviews. THIS place, however, merits all five stars that I could give, plus a hundred more. Whenever I come back home to the Bay, the first stop I make is El Farolito. On the outside, it looks like any other Mexican joint in California, minus the line that normally stretches out the door, especially during peak hours. I regularly describe the carne asada super burrito as being the best burrito that I've ever had in my life to people visiting San Francisco. It's the best combination of delicious rice, perfectly cooked and seasoned carne asada, cheese, salsa, beans, and avocado in the state. I usually order sour cream on the side, though, because I hate the pockets of sour cream that come up when it's included in the burrito. Really nothing more to be said. Can't really speak for any other meats besides carnitas (which is also very tasty) and carne asada, but when I come back, I'll be sure to try others, like the lengua and pastor.
One of the best burrito places in the city. Friend had the shrimp burrito and I had the chiles rellenos burrito. Both were great! To all the vegetarians, try the chiles rellenos burrito!
Whenever I find myself in the mission craving a burrito, I ALWAYS come to El Farolito. Their carne asada super burrito does not disappoint. There's a reason it was a runner up for best burrito in America. It tastes so perfect and there's a perfect balance of meat, rice, beans, and the rest of the fixings without much dripping grease. The quality of the food is really good. It's an average sized burrito but boy, will it fill you up for the rest of the day.
Best place in town, love the lengua tacos plenty of meat.I give it a, solid 7.5/10 depending on how h UK nary I am. but you must try it,:)
I had read somewhere online that El Farolito was the burrito hot spot in San Francisco, and so I made it one of my top listed destinations during my visit to SF. And after trying out their food I understood why so many people gave this place such high praise. El Farolito embodies the hole in the wall golden gem experience, but in a place like San Francisco, which has so many amazing eateries, it can be quite difficult discerning which are the real prized jewels. But one easy way to spot one is by looking at the lines. And expect to wait when you visit El Farolito. The seating arrangements are tight and limited and lines can stretch outside along the sidewalk. Once I finally reached the cashier I placed my order. Two super burritos, one with cabeza and the other with carne asada and a side order of tortilla chips. Luckily after I ordered our food my girlfriend spotted an open table, which we quickly pounced upon. After we were settled I hopped on over to the salsa bar. There were 3 different sauces, pico de gallo, an avocado cilantro sauce and a spicier red pico de gallo sauce. All three were delicious, but my favorite was the avocado sauce, which was also the least spiciest. The chips were decent, not as greasy as thought, possibly baked. While we were munching on the chips and salsa our burritos finally arrived to our table. First things first, the burritos here are huge, and for less than $7 dollar a pop you'll surely be pleased. Now the taste test. After my first bite I was instantly pulled by the wonderful flavors of avocado, sour cream, rice, frioles (beans), onions, cilantro, and that wonderful head meat known as cabeza. I knew then that El Farolito was no joke.Overall if I had to grade my first visit to El Farolito I'd without a doubt give this place a solid A. If youre visiting San Francisco I strongly recommend paying El Farolito a visit. To Awesome eatings. :D
Met a couple friends from out of town around 1pm on a Saturday so it was definitely busy! But worth it! We only waited about 10 minutes to order and then about another 20 minutes for the food to come out. It was amazing.The burrito was massive!!! And for the price?! You can't lose! The place is bigger than it looks on the outside and a good amount of seating. We were able to find a table right away. They have a jug of water and cups that you can get yourself which is nice. It's definitely an experience and the burrito is definitely worth, I'll definitely be back and possibly try a quesadilla? :)I also hear that they're open pretty late too which would make for amazing late night burrito run!
I usually like this place, but I just got probably the worst burrito I've had in SF. The steak was black burnt gristle. It kinda tasted like they cleaned their stove into my burrito.
one of the must eat Mexican join in San Francisco! I love their Carne Asada super burrito, they have a crispy, toasty and smokey buritto skin! Their Lengua is also very good!
This little hole in the wall is right up the stairs from the 24/mission Bart and it has banging Mexican fast food. It's cheap, takes cash only, good luck finding a spot to eat- you have to squeeze by the crowd but when you sit down and take the first bite- you are hooked. Fresh, authentic and really, really flavorful.
Wait... did I hear this right? Ken L. suggesting we have Mexican food? Ken L. is a Mexi-can't when it comes to Mexican food so I was quite surprised when he bookmarked this place to try. There must have been something (or some yelp picture) that must have changed his mind and convinced him to want to come here... and there was. It was the carne asada quesadilla. I came here for the first time last weekend with Ken L. and my aunt. It's located in the Mission District and is a tiny hole in the wall. It was pretty busy when we got there. My aunt ordered the lengua and cabeza burrito. Ken L. had the carne asada burrito. I ordered two soft tacos with carne asada and al pastor and horchata to wash the food down.It's a cash only place so be prepared for that. You pay at the counter and are given a number. We actually had our food brought to our table instead of having to go up to get our food which was nice.The portion sizes here was much larger than I anticipated. The burrito was huge! It could probably serve two people if you aren't too hungry. My aunt enjoyed this a lot and is planning to come back for their lengua and cabeza again. The quesadilla was massive and was served in two large pieces that Ken L. couldn't finish even with some help. My two soft tacos were great and had more meat than most other places I've been too. The horchata tasted pretty standard. Restrooms are in the back and there are sinks outside of the bathroom if you're just looking to wash your hands. My only complaint is that the place was dirty, there were flys everywhere, and the salsa bar area was a bit underwhelming. However, the taste of the food and portion size makes up for that.
It does not get any better. Try their chorizo burrito.
I don't need to go on and on about how great this place is. Tried both carnitas and carne asada super burritos, and actually liked the carnitas one more. They are even more delicious the next day. They are very generous with the portion of meat, and each burrito is extremely hefty. I was so stuffed after eating half a burrito. Chips now are $0.65 and they were okay, so skip those if you know you're going to be really full already. Their salsas from the bar are only okay too.They make a delicious burrito, and don't skimp out on anything. I must try their quesadillas next time.
The line was medium length on the middle of a Sunday afternoon but moved fast. The orders were taken quickly, the food was delivered fast and everything tasted wonderful. Well, everything was the Super Burrito. We went with beef as our meat and loved the flavors of everything mixed together - especially having avocado in there. I'm a sucker for that!
First of all if you need a armed guard after dark that is your first clue to NOT to eat here.2nd you will get food poisoning! The End
Who doesn't love el farolito? Many of us have been to ONE of their locations when we were young and drunk. C'mon on...admit it! Haha. No one can beat their quesadilla suiza with carne asada. The oily goodness packed with meat, cheese, and the other fixings...it's just a staple in SF.The portions are huge as I could never finish one on my own. The prices are ridiculously affordable. Service is super quick. Pick up some salsa at the salsa bar and you're good to go. One of my all time faves...
i agree that this is one of the better burrito places, but i can't help but feel like the quantity of the burrito is what is getting a lot of the high reviews. it is delicious yes, but there's way too much of everything and that sometimes make it hard to get a nice amount of each ingredient in a bite.definitely go to this place and try it, but keep an open mind about others.
This really hit the spot! Got the carne asada super burrito which my husband and I shared. A week later and he's still daydreaming about this! It was made perfectly. We will have to return next time we are in the area
I come here after work on my way home, and they hook it UP. Best burritos in town. MmMMmm :)
Their tacos are ginormous and after a night of drinking, eating 3 of em seemed to be like the best idea ever. I wouldn't recommend doing that, just stick to 2 tacos and you won't feel as crummy in the morning. Can't go wrong with their al pastor or cabeza meats! Both very tender and juicy, I would skip the carne asada unless you like your meat dry. This place is SUPER packed during late night hours so prepare to wait in line for a bit. It's totally worth it though!
Very tasty excellent food served in a dive joint worth the hype unlike too many other overhyped & pricey places in San Francisco. Yes their burrittos are the best. Half an avocado used on the supers. Fresh ingrediants what else do you want? Must-visit for tourists.
You have to try this place. The food is the stuff you dream about.Amazing burritos:- The breakfast burrito is to die for. They have mexican sausage and eggs, and some of my group that it was better than the regular burritos.- The super burritos are great as well. This place puts an honest amount of real avocado in your burrito. We've had many of the meats, from carne asada to chicken and have enjoyed them all.Great quesadillas:- They're huge. It's literally nearly as big as the burritos if you get the super.- They put tons of stuff in them. All the meats, and real avocado, taste fantastic in a quesadilla.Of course, this place has your authentic salsas as well. Though that is one deparatment where this place may not have necessarily separated itself from the rest.Overall, this place has great burritos but may not be 'the best taqueria in america.' I liked Lucha Libra in San Diego quite a bit better - more inventive dishes, better fish, better salsas. Indeed, southern california probably still has the bay area beat on burritos.
Best burrito I have ever had! The tortilla, the meat, the ratio of rice and beans, the salsa...it was all perfect!I had a carne asada super burrito (without sour cream because who wants warm cream?!). It was huge! I cut that sucker in half and went for it. I don't know what to say other than make your way here if you're in San Francisco. It is worth it. You won't be disappointed. If the line is long...stay, they move quickly. I am back home in L.A. and dreaming about going back to have another burrito. Yes, it's better than any burrito I have had in L.A. I may be moving soon.
Totally overrated, but I like it fine. Salsas are neither particularly spicy nor flavorful, but it gets the job done. Burritos and quesdillas are large, so you'll get your money's worth, but there are other places in the city that I'd rather get burritos.Not sure why this place is at the top of the list for best burritos in CA. Living in San Diego has spoiled me... the only reason I come back to El Farolito is because my friends are obsessed with it. If I never come back here again, I wouldn't miss it.
One word: DELICIOUS! I got the super burrito with chicken, my boyfriend got the super burrito with carne asada. He loved it so much, he said he would drive all the way here from San Jose just to get one - and that's saying a lot, because he normally goes for quesadillas! What I loved most about my burrito was that the chicken was moist, and white meat! It was very filling & decently priced at $6.25. The only complaint I have: I found a TWIG in my burrito! -1 star for that. Luckily, I saw it before I took a bite, but when we brought it to the attention of one of the worked there, he tried to justify it and said it was from a "flower" (????) and then walked away...Oh yeah, this place is cash only, too. I would recommend this place and I'll probably be back, someday.
meh. husband and i were starving after a night of pretending that we were much younger than we actually are, celebrating a birthday college style. came to el farolito for lunch. he had the chile relleno burrito, and i got the super burrito with al pastor. pretty sure they didn't give me al pastor. or if it was, the meat in the burrito was stewed, not grilled or roasted over a spit the way al pastor is supposed to be. the salsas were fresh and yummy, but the lack of a real hot sauce to go on the burrito really took away from the whole experience. the chile relleno was weird, especially the cheese inside the pepper. really overrated. chavez taqueria in sunnyvale is waaaaaaay better. tmi, but we both felt really weird in the tummy afterwards. lots of time spent in the bathroom...never again.
Definitely the best taco I have ever tried. I ordered the beef tongue and it was so tender and flavourful! I wish I can try all their dishes but I'm leaving on Sat... Sigh
In the midst of a world-wide search for the greatest burrito ever consumed, I found myself at El Farolito. The place was still packed around 1:30pm on a Friday. That's a great sign. We ordered chips for 65 cents and tried the salsas (do this). The trial period will give you an idea of which sauce to pair with a "Super Burrito". (I threw all on 3).As for the burrito itself- woah. I went with the steak, which was a phenomenal choice. The rice, cheese, and avocado sent my taste buds on a trip! I'm happy to announce that the search has come to an end. I found the world's greatest burrito, consumed at El Farolito.
After wandering around Mission stopped by there to pick up a carnitas Super Burrito. While you wait they give you chips and salsa, but don't fill up on that because they give you sizable portions. Really convenient location (near Bart) and opens at 10 for the morning munchies, in an okay neighborhood. But pretty good Mexican food.
The carne asada super burrito was amazing! The guac-salso condiment was delicious in the burrito. This place was jam packed on a late Sunday night, which fits with its popularity on yelp with more than 3,000 reviews. I gave it 4/5 because the setting wasn't very condusive for a tall guy like myself while carrying a huge backpack. I was always in people's ways while waiting for my order and all seats were taken so I felt like I had to take it to-go when I really didn't have anywhere else to go. I did appreciate the HUGE portion size. I also ordered a beef head (actually the cheek) taco, which was amazing! I highly recommend it.
I love Farolito, and it's fitting that it be my 200th review. While I haven't been there 200 times, I feel like I've _wanted_ to go 200 times. The line is usually long, but fear not, seeker of good Mexican food. Be patient, and you will be rewarded with a quesadilla super suiza or carne asada tacos or a burrito--whatever your jam, they will prepare your fine-dining experience and shout the number you yearn to hear (hang on to that number they give you, for serious. It's your access code to your food).Their salsa bar is legit; throw an elbow to get in there, and apologize later.Seating can be tough but....protip: no one ever sits in that first table where the line glides by. Scope it out if you're with someone else and have them plant themselves there. The rest is easy.The good: delightful food.The bad: if the line goes outside the door, it smells like...the Mission. Sorry, kids.
Sober or not, El Farolito serves up THE BEST carne asada super burrito in the Mission. It fulfills all of my burrito success criteria:Structure: Fillings and sauces that do not leak or fall out of the end of the burrito, well contained in aluminum foil vesselProportion: Emphasis on the meat, not too beans/rice heavy, and overall all ingredients are in balanced ratios.Tortillas: Soft tortillas, but not too soft as to rip holes in your burrito. Lightly grilled is a plus.Meat: Tender, with a little of that grilled crisp desired. No dry or chewy meat!Salsa: Pick your spice levelSize: Large enough to fulfill drunksiesMy most recent experience at El Faro was on Halloween evening, 2am. Longest lines ever! I was so exhausted after a night out, yet the promise and fulfillment of a carne asada super burrito made it worth it. So worth it.
Wasn't expecting good mexican food in norcal, but DANG. this place was great!CASH ONLY!Food: my friends got a burrito and nachos. wow. both were SO MUCH FOOD. the burrito was really good and the nachos were great. I got the supreme quesidilla and it was supreme indeed. the sour cream and carne asada and veggies inside.... WOW. delicious and it was a lot of food. at first i thought i couldn't finish the whole thing, but after a bite, i couldn't stop. make sure you get all three sauces and the peppers too. see which one suits your taste buds.HORCHATA! it was a little more ricey than cinnamony for me, but it was still delicious.So yeah, great mexican food in SF for a low price. check this place out! Delicioso!
Yellow fiberglass tables with blue benches crowd the dining room. Cheery mariachi music plays at full volume. The smell of smoke, grease, and tortilla chips fills your nostrils. You know have arrived at El Farolito. Lines packed with hipsters, Hispanics, and hippies often stretch out the door, but fear not burrito-lover, because the cashiers move quickly and soon you will be enjoying yummy goodness wrapped in a tortilla.The regular burrito ($5.75) sports rice, beans, salsa, and any meat. A super ($6.75) adds sour cream, cheese, and avocado. Like any good burrito joint, diners get a choice of flour, whole wheat, or spinach tortilla and black, refried, or whole beans.Corn tortilla chips ($0.65) are crisp and not greasy. The carne asada super burrito ($6.75) is truly epic in size. With just a hint of smokiness, the steak was perfectly cooked. The ratio of rice to beans to meat was perfect. The salsa was piquant enough, but real fire breathers will certainly want to take the heat up a notch. The only nit was perhaps slightly too much sour cream. There is a salsa bar with at least three different sauces: pico de gallo, an avocado-based sauce, and a spicier red pico de gallo. All are good, but would not win the salsa competition at the state fair.There is a choice of Mexican sodas and other soft drinks, as well as numerous domestic and imported beers. Tecate ($3.25) with lime is always a good choice to accompany your burrito. The credit addicted need not apply: El Farolito is cash only.Come hungry, bring cash, and be prepared to wait. El Faroilto's burritos are as good as they come.
Holy sh*t. As a born and raised Californian who knows Mexican this place blew my mind. My burrito was so freaking good I have no idea why it took me 22 years to find this place. And as someone who is normally incapable of eating a burrito without looking like a 2 year old eating birthday cake, that burrito stayed in tact till the last bite. What What. I heart you El Farolito.
Wow!! Had the lengua and carne asada tacos. Both had plenty of meat, onions, cilantro, and juices. Definitely a plus that tacos had so much meat that it literally spills out when trying to eat it because tacos normally don't have enough meat, right..? I was thinking of three tacos, but glad I didn't and just got two because two was surely enough with the massive amount of fillings it had. I am coming back for the quesadillas, burritos, suiza, and chips or nachos!!! Also, I recommend this place to you. Cheap, fast, and convenient.
Super boiled chicken burrito...microphone drop. everything said ever after this point is just fluff. just eat this and you will know.
Super Burrito with Chile Relleno was AMAZING! I'm not a vegetarian so I'm shocked that it was so good to me. Really was expecting it to be just okay but it was drool worthy. TRY! Chicken enchiladas were good too but the burrito was WOW!
New Year's Day 2014Great food, great prices!!
El Farolito is SO GOOD! I'm from San Diego so I am very particular about my mexican food, and I was super impressed by this place. You have the get the carne asada super quesadilla suiza, it's a humungous carne asada quesadilla that they put tons of cheese and avocado in it. It's so good because the meat is well flavored and the tortilla is grilled to be crispy and delicious.There can be really long lines though and it's cash only, but I'd say it's definitely worth coming.
The carnitas supreme burrito was great. The meat to the other filling ratio was perfect. Not just beans and rice. The atmosphere was busy but comfortable and has that mom and pop store feel to it. A quality difficult to keep, replicate and one not often found.
It's few and far between that such amazing Yelp reviews are dead wrong but here we are. This was *the worst* burrito I have ever had. The meat was gray and fatty, and none of the ingredients were fresh. There was also way too much sour cream and I'm a sourcreamaholic. The whole situation was hugely disappointing. Prices are cheap but I would pay double for a burrito that is edible. Also, the neighborhood that El Farolito is in is horrible. Shady, sketchy, downright dangerous. I would never go back here.
Skip the chipotle and order the carne asada super burrito! It's twice the size of my hand and only $7.75 (plus tax)?! Craziness! Good ratio of ingredients and definitely filling. I wasn't able to fully do the burrito justice but was able to plow through 3/4 of it which is good enough if I must say so myself. They also have a self-serve salsa bar where you can grab mild, medium, or hot sauces to spice up your food. This will definitely fulfill any burrito/Mexican food/drunchie craving you have.. just do it and don't look back.. no ragrets.
Classic City goodness-all wrapped up. Their super shrimp burrito is generous, the carnitas too + carne tacos rock. Even veggies can be satisfied with Chile Relleno or Veg options. The green salsa is simply the best-seals the deal. Some variation in quality exists from location to location but overall a guaranteed winner.
The Super Burrito is where it's at! I can barely eat half of it. So good...so much... Come early (like around 5) or late (around 9) to avoid the long lines. They work really fast though, so I guess the wait is not really even that bad. The tables are kind of limited, so if you can I'd suggest taking your food home to eat (or even just scarfing it down in your car haha). Conveniently located right next to the 16th St Mission BART stop.
One time, I ordered 3 or 4 super burritos and a super quesadilla. I gave a burrito to a Uber or a Lyft driver, and another to a fellow passenger. I then came home and ate the rest.I felt terrible, 5/5 would do again.
This is easily the best bang for your buck burrito place I have ever been to. My friends and I always go here when we have late night burrito cravings. The super burrito is not for the light eater! It is huge and I can barely eat an entire one in one sitting. Compared to other burrito places El Farolito does not short change you on any ingredient whether it be meat, chesse, beans, etc. El Farolito does a great job of keeping the ingredients even throughout the entire burrito (meat doesn't all get out at the top, etc.) The super quesadilla and super nachos are also great choices if you aren't interested in burritos and are definitely large given their affordability.If you're looking for a large, cheap, quality burrito in the city, especially come late night, El Farolito is your best bet!
I got some kind of meat burrito, and it was delicious! The burritos come with plenty of avocados, beans, rice. The burritos were very well wrapped-- just don't be like me. You should apparently peel the foil off in strips as you eat your way down the burrito. The sauces that they provide are great-- mix the all together for a blend of spicy heaven. The green sauce seemed kind of creamier than most green sauces, which was good because it had quite a kick to it.
Delicious food. Reasonable prices. The burrito was larger than my head. Cash only. Tiny location.
YAASSSSSH MUY BIEN!!! Came in on a Thursday night around 8PM. Ordered the lengua super burrito. Come with cream cheese, salsa, guac, rice, beans...deliciousness.PROS:-The burrito is...HUGE! I had to save half of it for later.-Lengua meat is ON POINT, and I'm pretty sure every other meat is as well. Super soft, juicy...me gusta!-Burrito is CHEAP. A cheap, delicious, huge burrito filled with meat is almost impossible to get for $6/7 but El Farolito says possible.-Even though there's a line when you walk in, it goes very fast.-Opens late. Drunkchies? You know where to go.-Stop by the salsa bar and get crazy with the sauces. They're delicious!CONS:-Got to pay for chips..but hey, they're good chips.-Honestly...don't even know what to write here. Just come :)5/5 indeed. Cheap, fast, delicious mexican food.
Everything was prepared well. The burritos are huge and tasty (and inexpensive). Definitely a no frills place, but good if you're looking for a quick bite to eat.
What can I say about El Farolito that has not already been said? The carne asada super burrito changed by life. Now every burrito I have is compared to it, and none have come even close. The meat is generous, flavorful, tender, and surrounded by salsa, beans, rice, cheese, sour cream, and (the best part) fresh avocado. It's the size of a baby.I have friends who swear by the shrimp burrito or quesadilla here, but I can't bring myself to order anything but my usual. Yes this place is a little dirty and dank with limited unpleasant seating, but I can't take off a star for that because that's not why I come here.You will sometimes hear people vehemently saying "Oh (blank) is totally better than El Farolito," and I always have to go try those places because I would LOVE to find something more mind blowing than El Farolito, but in 0% of those cases has it turned out to be true. So until I discover a better burrito (which does not seem likely in the near future), El Farolito super burrito will reign supreme.
It's a divey little place serving up kickass Mexican fare. Huge portions of quality food for unbelievably cheap prices. We decided on the Super Burrito and Super Nachos with beef since we were feeling pretty super. And the portions, the PORTIONS. Although we originally planned to share the food, we only managed to get through the burrito. Too bad nachos are inherently not storeable...unless you like re fried beans, cheese and a huge pile of meat over corn mash. I will employ competitive eating-style preparations to stretch my stomach before another visit here.
I'm not of Mexican decent in any way shape or form, just to clear that up. But I AM from San Francisco, and I have to say that for my palate, and everyone else that I know, El Farolito is considered the best of the best when it comes to Mexican cuisine. I enjoy going to the South San location as well, but the one on El Mission is the classic, original one that is just a must particularly for late nights. I'm a line cook, so I would always get out late, and frankly, nothing sounded better than a rellno burrito, or a suiza. If you're visiting, or a local, you must go, at least once. Classics you'd hear in almost any kitchen in the city on the jukebox (wisin & yandel!), and a buzz-in bathroom. You'll see anyone that's anyone in here. Just do yourself that favor, go.
More like a 3.5 star review.This spot has a really good carne asada burrito. I really wanted enchiladas for my Mexican food fix, which they have, but no green sauce. Burrito was huge and I only ate half of it.Horchata was horrible. Waste of money. Watered down and all. So upsetting I had to drink lukewarm water from a water bottle I had bought way earlier in the day with my burrito.Cash only spot and it seems the line is always out the door. Moved pretty fast though. Seating and space is limited. It gets cramped inside and you have to cut through the line to receive your food. Local homeless people hang out in front.
Large burritos and they taste good. I think my tripas could have been a little more flavorful instead of just tasting like crispy pork. But, the burrito itself was good. However, the hour long wait was not worth it. If you're going to get this, come at opening or closing time. The line is pretty much that long the entire time.
Carne Asada Burrito. Need I say more?This was hands down the best carne asada burrito I've ever had. The meat was juicy and well seasoned. There was a good balance of rice, beans and salsa. The avocados were a nice touch too. It's a great place to go if you're looking for a good lunch spot. It's located in the Mission district surrounded by many other small restaurants and dessert shops. My only complaint is that the place seemed a bit dirty. The tables were grimy and the whole place just didn't feel clean. However, if you want Mexican food, you can't go to a five-star restaurant right?
Holy crap these burritos are big and delicious. I got the carne asada super burrito and slathered it full of their green salsa. I shared it with a couple of my friends and it was enough for all of us. There is not much I can add to all the other reviews. Go there, get a burrito, cover in green salsa, and stuff your face.
Very delicious food. I recommend the quesdilla.
Best burritos in San Francisco!! Carne asada super burrito can never go wrong ;-) Quesadillas are also yummy!
This place doesn't need any more reviews, just go!
Delicious! Cheap! Fast! Great service! The burritos are huge with lots of meat. I couldn't even finish the whole burrito. It is tiny and gets packed. The line goes quick and food comes out fast, but seating could be a problem.
I was visiting SF this weekend and had picked this spot out among others to eat at. With that said, I dd NOT catch the part about it being cash only, which created the situation that had me giving 4 stars instead of 5 here.First and foremost, had no idea it was as much of a fast food spot as it is, but I get over that quickly. It's also easy to see just how popular this place is as my gf and I came in late around 10:30pm and there was a steady line to the door that did not diminish in the hour plus we were there. Only issue I encountered was during the ordering process, immediately after realizing they were cash only, as I only had $20 on me at that point. Was going to order the enchilada dinner, a super burrito and an order of the regular tacos. However, the guy misheard/misunderstood me when I said 2 of the regular tacos, and mistook that for 2 orders of 2...which of course drove the total to JUST over $21, leaving me staring at my money like uh, I don't have enough sorry. He quickly became irate and complained that he'd already "pressed the button", to which I said sorry and that I did not have enough money. He huffed and puffed and stood there looking peeved for 15 seconds then finally, miraculously, hit another button which took off that tacos! imagine that, it wasn't his first day there after all *whew*Getting our order took a while due to how busy they were, and the place was pretty dingy and rundown and 0 atmosphere...but I wasn't there for that, especially since I was starving. In short, the super burrito just about changed my life, and I'm super glad I didn't have enough cash for the tacos as there's no way I could've put them down after taking down the monster that was the burrito. Their regular salsa tasted fresh with just the right amount of heat, and the green one (tasted guac based?) was epic, I couldn't get enough of it.I'd def come back again to try other stuff, and this time with plenty of cash in hand so as not to confuse their cashiers.
This place is a go-to when you crave delicious, authentic Mexican food!
Delicious! Was in the area and chose it at random among the many others around. The portion was generous, fillings were well seasoned. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a good burrito!
After reading all the rave reviews of this place, I was starving for a burrito. Luckily the place is only a 10 min drive from my house. Decor of the place looks like a classic burrito joint but cleaner. I stood in line not sure if I was suppose to order first or pay first. The answer is pay first. I got the carne asada super burrito with refried beans to go. My order was ready within a minute. Drove home excited to devour the whole thing. But when I cut the burrito in half I didn't see any guacamole in there. Thinking maybe it's just hiding, I took a couple more bites, but nope. No guacamole in there. There was sour cream so I'm sure this was a super burrito. Ate about half of the burrito and I feel like I've had better. It was pretty soggy inside and I didn't even add any sauce to the burrito yet. Now I'm feeling super unsatisfied. Should've just driven the extra mile and gone to Papalote. They never disappoint there.
Huge line, but definitely worth the wait. So much food I could only eat one half of the burrito as my meal. Small space but the booths open up pretty quickly if you wait for a few minutes. There's tons of flavor in every bite and not expensive at all. Make sure to get multiple containers of salsa, too. They're all so good you'll want to pour some on every bite!
Had the carnitas super burrito. Really average. Green salsa decent. Red salsas were wack.
I was told this was the best burrito place in town. I have to say the experience was lackluster. The carnitas has little flavor and I couldn't taste the cheese in my burrito. The tortilla had good flavor. The restaurant is very dirty. I wouldn't come here again.
I thought this place was going to be a hit when I saw that it was on Nate Silver's burrito bracket. But instead I got a average burrito. I had the Chile Rieno burrito. It was all right but not as good as I had expected. The atmosphere is like an old shed and the restroom is one of the worst I have ever seen. If this review was based on the atmosphere, i would give it 1 star.
Great burritos but the place looks a little messy! The portion for the price is awesome! Can't beat that
OK burritos and inefficient line
This place would get a five if it wasn't for the size. Service for a small place and no waiters was great. The food was amazing, the tostada de ceviche was phenomenal the quesadilla de pollo was great. Portions were huge as a tourist I was sad the left overs would go to waste. Very reasonable price. Would definitely go again whenever in the area.
My all time classic, favorite Taqueria place in the heart of Mission district of SF!Throwback to high school years, where my dad introduced me to this hole in the wall taqueria place and we munched on their burritos with unlimited salsa selections right after school - the highlight was their pico de gallo! I would grab a whole cupful of that salsa and I'm not talking about just the mini sauce condiment cups, but the cups you use for water! Yep, I love it that much!Their burritos are humongous! I can finish it in one setting only if I haven't had a meal for the entire day! It's that huge!I have gradually preferred tacos versus burritos over the years since the discovery of this place. Why, you may ask? Well, tacos are much more meaty compared to what they pack in a burrito and tacos are are so much juicier! Beans and rice are soaking up that meaty flavor in a burrito so you can't quite soak up that juicy, mixed sauce in your mouth as much!I do recommend their carne asada and spicy Mexican sausage as fillers! They make their nachos freshly crisp and warmly melted with cheese!Mind the dining area. It's on the shabby side. Service is quick, cash only and 50 cents for side chips! I like how it is a convenient location right next to the Bart station - 27th Mission exit! I can hop on and off just to quickly grab super yummy tacos in the Mission district of SF!Thanks Papi for showing me this down to earth Taqueria spot!
Best late night fix ever!
There are so many places on Mission to get a burrito. And some with far more seating, or others that will take credit cards...But that's not the point.The point is El Farolito has AMAZING burritos. I love the carne asada super burrito, and I'll make the effort to have cash just to be able to stop here.It takes a while to get through the line, or to get a table, but other than those hassles, they're a worthy contender for a great burrito while you're out and about on Mission.
Absolutely one of the best Mexican restaurants in SF! One of the only lines I would wait in and salivate to take a bite out of and come time and time again to have.
I will never forget this experience for as long as I live. Fresh off the plane to SF and our group is looking for an authentic Mexican spot. We pull up Yelp and see that this joint has over 2,000 reviews and 5 stars from almost every user. Yelp, you have never done me wrong! As our taxi drives deeper and deeper into the ghetto we begin to wonder where this hole in the wall Mexican place lives. We finally arrive and smashed in between a park with a crazy preacher standing out front, and a thrift shop selling luggage lies this wonderful gem. Steam is fogging the windows and the smell seeping out onto the sidewalk is intoxicating. People of every age and ethnicity were packing into this place for lunch. I went with a trio of tacos including the al pastor, steak, and chorizo. The chorizo was by far my favorite. Everything was grilled to perfection on the giant greasy griddle up front. My colleagues and I sat on a tiny yellow, (what looked to be like a Mcdonalds play land table) with half of our butt cheeks on, and stuffed our faces in a place of pure delicious Mexican nirvana.If you are looking for authentic tacos, burritos, this is your place!!
Yes, what they say is true. It IS that good. So don't let the crowds of hipsters outside intimidate you. There is no real rhyme or reason here, or orderly process. Just get in line, order some of the very best burritos or tacos, as I did, with a carne asada burrito, with whole refried beans. So they don't put rice in the burrito. It's empty calories and carbs anyways. (Would you have a rice burrito?) And it's cash only, which in my case, was $6.50 plus tax. It will be a memorable burrito. How they get that salsa fresca to be so fresca and also a little spicy I will never know. It's GOOD.
After seeing countless blog posts and hundreds of comments and reviews touting El Farolito's burritos as being the greatest in America -- a religious experience, even -- we figured this would be our lunch stop on our way through town. When La Taqueria recently won that "Best Burrito in America" write-up that's been going around, the Farolito fans held strong in vocalizing their support for their Mission haunt of choice. All right, we were convinced. Usually my go-to meat in Mexican restaurants is carnitas, but with everyone raving about the asada, I ordered that. Amusingly, they brought me a carnitas super burrito. I assume because it was rather loud in there, "carne asada" sounded like "carnitas." I didn't bother to correct it when the guy showed me how the order was taken down and accepted the pork instead. It was quite good. The tender, flavorful meat with lots of cheese, sour cream, and avocado really sparked the taste buds. The soft, chewy tortilla was also quite superior to most other places'. Brandon D. ordered the Boss Burrito, stuffed with shrimp and pork. It was pretty damn amazing. It's a bit steep for a hole-in-the-wall like this at $10 apiece, but it's definitely worth getting at least once. We were so full, we didn't need dinner that night. Getting a table can be competitive, but thankfully we came in just before the line started to drift out the door.And to speak of it being a dive... it is. If you want to complain about that fact, you might as well go to El Torito or, oh hell, the Olive Garden, for that matter. Just get yourself a Tour of Italy with endless bread sticks and leave the good, soulful eats here to the rest of us.
Came here because of the rating and amount of reviews but was not impressed.Street parking.I got the carne asada super nachos, $5.95.You get a lot of nachos but the ratio of chip to toppings was not good. I ended up with like half a box of chips. The carne asada was decent but I've had a lot better. I am picky because I live around the best mexican food, El Monte. I perfer Alberto's nachos over these.I will try a burrito next time I am drunk in SF and want some mexican food. Hopefully round 2 will be better.
I thought it was going to off the walls amazing but everyone raves about this place, but when I tried the burrito it was pretty good, but not amaaaazing! Maybe because it was hyped up too much, I was expecting more. However, the ingredients tasted very fresh and if I remember correctly, there was avocado in my burrito and it was good! The sauce wasn't as good as other places I've been to like Iguanas or La Vic's (just my personal opinion). But there was a line out the door so they gotta be doing something right! Bonus points: having a glass window in front of the kitchen where they cook because it shows that they have nothing to hide :P
Oh Yelp, how you have changed my life.I arrived at my hotel for a week long work conference and guess what? I was hungry! I linked up with a few co-workers in the lobby and we searched on Yelp for somewhere to eat. It was about 5 of us, and we all agreed Mexican was a good choice. Up came El Farolito with an impressive overall rating and great reviews. Off we went.As the cabs pulled up, we all kind of looked at each other and said...UMMM, WHAT?! It's ok to be alarmed. From the outside this place might not look like the gem it really is, but screw that, head on it and you won't be disappointed.After some careful deliberation, we decided - let's do this! We are already here, so let's commit! As soon as we walked in my fears were alleviated as the place was PACKED. All kinds of folk in there too - which I always think is a good sign the place is good. There was about 10 people in the "kitchen" cranking out dish after dish - so the ingredients are moving, not just sitting there - another good sign.We all ordered and piled into a table meant for 4. We squeezed in for some bonding time. Two of them got the carne asada platter. It was MASSIVE. Meat, beans, rice, avocado and some tortillas. They enjoyed it. Some of them also got the tacos and they were STACKED! The theme here is big portions!I got the torta which is a Mexican sandwich. Carne asada, beans, cheese, tomatoes, sour cream, and avocado. Once again - stacked!I will say the flavors are traditional and delicious. The location was packed on a Sunday, so I assume it's always packed. Great meal, great bonding and a great example of how Yelp will lead you to a great local business!
If there is a better burrito place anywhere, I want to know about it. Everything they make is tasty, from the filings (and they have everything you can think of) to the salsas. Burrito or taco, you're in for a treat. Usually a line, especially if you go late night. The late night crowd is always better, loads of crazy people to keep you entertained while you wait to order.
MMMM good Mexican food!Al Pastor Super Quesadilla was soo good. The tortilla are perfectly toasted on the outside and the melted cheese and al pastor was perfectly flavored! It came with sour cream and guac. Such a huge order, I only ate half of it.The chips and salsa weren't bad, but not my favorite. Tacos weren't that good in my opinion because they were flavorless. Not the cleanest and nicest place to eat, but their food is really really good! (besides the tacos)
I ordered the tacos with carnitas and they were amazing! The tacos are served on corn tortillas and comes with freshly-made pico de gallo and tasty meat. This place is cash only and has limited seating and lines are usually out the door. I will definitely be coming back here again. This place is legit!
5 Stars? A taqueria? It's true. I was all set on going to Taqueria Cancun but something in me wanted a change from the average Mexican drunk food at Cancun. After scouring Yelp for a new taqueria after the ball game, Yelp pointed me to El Farolitio. Over 2400 reviews and a near perfect five stars means something is be done right at El Farolitio. Oh, and El Farolito's late-hours helps tremendously. Unlike Cancun which seems to be known for their burritos, particularly the burrito mojado, El Forolito seems to be fire on all cylinders as everyone raves, well, about everything. I took to my standard taqueria taste test, which is three tacos: carne asada, al pastor, and pollo asado. Tacos come on two soft corn tortillas with tomato, onion, cilantro, and salsa, at $2.25 a pop. My fellow foodie ordered an al pastor torta, served on a roll with refried beans, tomato, cheese, sour cream, and avocado. A basket of chips ran us $0.50. Although cramped, it's nothing like Cancun, as you're given your own tables and not forced to share commune style. Better yet, I spotted a public restroom! Even better are the two sinks located outside of the bathroom, which saves you from waiting on the bathroom. As we waited, we stocked up on the salsas as its an unlimited salsa bar! I can take one or as many as I desire for my chips and tacos. There's nothing I hate more than being given 2 tiny salsas for an entire meal. Oh, and the basket of chips? Very generous. More than enough for me and my +1.Less than 10 minutes later our number was being called. We were given a plate of three well made tacos and a delicious looking sandwich, undoubtedly one of the better looking tortas I've seen in a long time. Unlike many other taquerias, I was able to distinguish the three different meats I ordered. Pollo asado was up first, followed by the carne asada and lastly the al pastor. The tacos all shared similar qualities: flavorful, tender, and grilled perfectly. Each taco had its own flavor and could not be mistaken for one another. Similarly my friend's torta was by far one if not the best Mexican sandwich I could have tasted. The roll was toasted to perfection with cheese and then loaded up with meat with melted cheese and loaded up with veggies. El Farolito is by far one of my best finds in the Mission. Given it was a Friday night at 10:30pm, it wasn't a drunk hipster takeover, but rather normal people trying to get good food on the cheap. The cooks were going about their job with steady procession and kept the line moving like pros and were never rude or unfriendly. Also, it's location next door to the 24th Mission BART couldn't be any more convenient. As we began to make our way out, the line was out the door, and with good reason, its a five star taqueria. Either that or the 'Bosses' burrito, stuffed with shrimp and al pastor for $10.Ambiance/Decor: 3 Stars (out of 5)Food: 5 Stars (out of 5)Service: 3 Stars (out of 5)Price: $Overall: 5 Stars (out of 5)Pros:+ Delicious tacos/tortas+ Great tasting carne asada/pollo asado/al pastor+ Portion/value+ $0.50 chips w/ unlimited salsa bar + Beer+ Late hours+ Public restroom+ BART next door+ 9 locations Cons:- Cash only- Limited seating
BEST CARNE ASADA SUPER BURRITO EVER! Every bite was packed with flavor and I was literally close to tears because that's how good my burrito was. Their burritos are incredible and enormous and made me so so so happy. Amazing portions for what you pay for. Seating is limited and the lines can get long, but they work fast despite the waves of people so you never have to wait too long for your food. It's also right off of the BART and open till late, what more could you ask for? El Farolito will always have a special place in my heart.
the dankness. amazing mission burritos and street tacos. get you some, maf'k
This place is disgusting but food is awesome. Will find everyone from bougie yuppies to locals hipster to local homeless. Portions are huge and prices are right.
Kaskade's favorite so I had to try it :p the burrito is super jam packed and flavorful! Something I definitely recommended. I also had the carne asada, which I mistakenly thought it said carne asada fries. It was still good though! Thin and tender pieces of meat with rice, beans, tortilla, and veggies. Not a mistake at all. Parking can be an issue - it's sf. Service was standard. There is always a line but it moves fast and the food comes out fast too.
First time here and the line was out the door. Before I get a chance to see the menu, little man with the notepad comes by to take our order. Food comes out, not even what I asked for. Maybe get someone who understands English to take the orders. And it's cash only. Filthy place. Not sure what all the hypes about.
Sure they are plenty of options here but step outside the box people & TRY El Farolito's chile relleno burrito bc it is TO DIE FOR!!!It's all I've been dreaming about since I've had it...Do yourself a favor PLEASE!!!
This place is legit! Authentic Mexican food. The burritos are huge and the super burrito was the best I've ever had. Torta also good and horchata is made just right. Quick and cheap. Would go again any time I'm in San Fran!
If you're looking to feed a family of four for four days, I suggest you buy one super burrito. This thing is HUGE!Let this video describe it... youtube.com/watch?v=DXRaI also got a regular breakfast burrito, which is still pretty freakin big. To top it off, you get a free basket of chips with your burrito as well. They have various sauces but we all know which one you have to get, green. Always go with the green.As for these world class burritos served in a divey (at best) type of place, FANTASTIC!The Carne Asada super burrito was unreal. I'm not a burrito guy but, WOW! So much going on, with so much. I was heavily surprised how well it stayed together for so long. It eventually succumbed to my nasty eating style but I finished my plate. This is up there with the best burritos I ever had.While I'm not crazy about regular burritos, I love a breakfast burrito and it was the morning time. I had to have one. Once again, delicious. Not as much as the Super Carne Asada, but I imagine not many things are. I found it funny that several other reviews of this place mentioned how they ate at this place before they headed back to the east coast. A nice way to savor some amazing Mexican cuisine before heading back home. Also a way to make everyone on your plane very uncomfortable. Nothing like super large portions of Mexican food before boarding a six hour flight. Thank you El Farolito. You're little lantern will shine in my heart forever. El Farolito means little lantern for those who don't speak Spanish. I actually can't speak Spanish well at all, but I do know El Bano.
Cheap, enormous amount of food, and absolutely delicious!
A little divey, but there's no comparison when it comes to a good burrito (or taco.... Or nachos.... Or fully loaded quesadilla...and the list goes on and on) in SF. The prices seem to have gone up recently, but still the quality is far better than some well known taquerias in the neighborhood. Don't waste your time going anywhere else.
Mmm!!! 3k reviews with 4 stars. Trust yelp and try this place! It's pretty dirty inside but what do you expect? Just avoid looking at the back kitchen and focus on grabbing a table as soon as you see one open up.Bf and I shared a super burrito with carne asada and super suiza quesadilla with carne asada and al pastor. Both were awesome but I enjoyed the quesadilla more even though it was an oil slick but that's what you get with al pastor. The verde salsa is so good too! The burrito wasn't actually as big as the reviews exclaim so don't expect to share one and be full if you're hungry.
There's a hard and fast rule when you hit a taqueria: know what you want. Please. At Farolito, the twenty people behind you don't want or need to wait because you have fifteen questions to ask an underpaid man working in a sweltering kitchen. This is the Mission but it's not your cutesy artisanal place. Quit arguing with the cashier about credit cards. CASH ONLY is printed at least five times before you reach the register. Know what you want, know how you like it, pay, and get out of the way. This seems to be some hipster Mecca and I gotta tell you, you guys are annoying in such a small place. Farolito makes excellent burritos, ceviche, super spicy guac, you can't really go wrong. Just obey the crowd rules, don't be a drunken fool, and don't argue.
Rock stars. I am so in love with this place, it's not even fair. We were trying to find a Mexican place open on a Sunday, took to Yelp (naturally), and I picked the first place that came up in my search and had ~4.75 stars -- El Farolito. What I didn't pay attention to was the location, it was about 2.5 miles from our hotel so we cabbed the ride there. On our way down Mission, we slowly enter the Mexican 'hood. The streets were crowded, the storefront misleading. I thought, hey, I guess this place must be legit if all the locals are here. The line was almost out the door, but we were quick to make it to the cash register. I opted for the tacos al pastor, which came out nearly 10 minutes later. We stuffed ourselves uncomfortably into a table meant for four, and then inhaled our food. My tacos were jam packed with pork, simply topped with cilantro and onions. I used the chips we got with our meal to dish up the fixings that fell from my tacos. Two filled me up no question. The pork was just spicy enough not to need any additional sauce and tasted like it was simmering forever. The line cooks were machines cooking up meat mountains on the flat top. I will be back. I will fly to San Fran just to eat more tacos.Oh, and it seemed like a good idea to walk home after the amount of food we ate. ...It took us an hour. So at least we burned a few cals and enjoyed some Cali sunshine.
This place is straight fire! Try the "Super Suiza" with carne Assad and the home made horchata is a must! Best Mexican food around!
Awesome experience! The food is killer!
I don't get this place. I dont understand the 5 star reviews here. I have eaten here several times and the food is mediocre at best. I even showed up here drunk thinking the food will taste good, again mediocre. I have tried their burritos, tacos, torta ... Everything. I can't recommend anything here. If you want to eat really good Mexican food I would say head out to La Taqueria down a couple of blocks for probably the best Mexican food in the city.You will thank me.
I came to Taquerias El Farolito when a local friend praised it as "the place where burritos were invented". I was not part of the local bar crowd, but a lone Mexican food loving tourist looking for some love. I found it.After walking around the mission district on a super cold evening, I stepped up to the line and quickly scanned the menu on the back wall and one thing stood out: SUPER BURRITO. It was just what I needed to warm my cold hands and heart. Even better, it was about $7While the feel of this location is a cross between a taco stand and very small restaurant, the tables turn over quickly and I was able to find a spot to sit. Since I was alone, I was shortly joined by an Indian painter discussing how often people mistake him as being Mexican. He mentioned this was one of his favorite places for post-bar noms and I totally get why.I listened to him discuss his inspirations as an artist and consumed one of the best burritos I've ever put in my mouth: the super burrito with the standard shredded chicken - the ingredients were simple and superbly executed. I slightly struggled to finish it, as the burrito was huge, but it was so delicious that I had no choice but to kill the entire thing.One thing I really like about cal mex over tex mex is the use of avocados, whole beans and fresh ingredients. El Farolito was no exception and did not skimp. Also, the clientele is super diverse and it was great for people watching.
Asked for a breakfast burrito, no beans to go. Got home and found out I had a regular burrito (ie no eggs) with beans in it. I should have known something was wrong when the guy asked me what sort of meat I wanted, as the breakfast burrito always comes with churrizo, but I figured he was just offering a choice of meat. Considering the guy was talking to his buddy the entire time while taking my order, I should not be surprised. One star extra because this place is usually good, but they need to listen to what the customer asks for. Besides having al pastor meat, this burrito was not even close to what I ordered.
This place was hella large burrito, but the main ingredients were dry splashes! No lettuce or juices in the burrito, overall a fillup but empty on total deliverance! :(
One of the top 2 burritos in The City. The other one being in South Park IMHO.There are other restaurants which at excel at other mexican dishes, but they can't touch the burrito here.
Super impressive cash only and the BOMB. Line moves quickly but always has a wait...for a reason
The only thing I could complain about is the dirty floor. We got speedy service in line, a friend cashier and someone came to wipe a booth down for us before we had the chance to ask. Also, the super burrito with chicken was the best I've ever had. You will not be disappointed!
This is hands down the best taqueria I've ever been to. I'm not mincing words here. El Farolito trounces anywhere else in Mission; and there are some good freaking places in Mission. I came here on a Tuesday morning (which conveniently avoided all the crowds) and ordered the breakfast burrito with avocado. Spectacular. My only mistake was hiking Twin Peaks afterwards,A quick heads up, Chips are 50 cents. If you're into them, they're a great investment. At the very least they're a good vehicle for the sauce; and the salsa de aguacate (avocado salsa) is some of the best I've had (since that one taco stand for farmhands in the middle of the Florida swamp).Great items, a great atmosphere, and great prices. You honestly could not ask for more.
Warning: this will sound ridiculous unless you've never eaten at El Farolito, but their super burrito changed my life. My boyfriend and I ordered one carnitas and one al pastor, got a couple of beers, posted up on a bench nearby and proceeded to enjoy the most delicious burritos we've ever had. Can't recommend this place enough.
I just moved into the area, and OMG I love El Farolito. After eating here once a week for 4 straight weeks I had to stop. I was getting too fat. I moved back up to the bay over a year ago, and have not found a place in the peninsula/SF area with legit Carne Asada as compared to socal's. Most of the Mexican joints up here do Al Pastor well, but not Carned Asada which usually comes out overcooked, rubbery or over sauced. BUT not El Farolito! Their Carne Asada is seasoned and cooked to perfection. I've ordered the super burrito, super nachos, and quesadillas. Man-o-man, their meat quality reminds of LA. No wonder there's always a line. All I can say is go here and try anything. It's worth it. All kinds of people go; Asians, Latinos, Blacks, Whites, Browns, it's all good! You can tell a Mexican joint does things right when they got the United Nations up in here!
Wow, this place is incredible. It is very much one of the classic whole in the wall Mexican restaurants in the Mission. I walked in around noon on a Thursday and there was almost no line, but I have heard the line can be frequently out the door, so be prepared for that around high foot traffic hours. I order a steak super burrito, and it was without a doubt the best burrito I have ever had. You can taste each individual ingredient, and you can tell each one was prepared with equal care and effort. The ratios of each ingredient were very balanced, and they did not skimp on the meat by any means. One thing that I really enjoyed were the chips, which I think were baked instead of fried like most places. It was a great change up from the norm. The salsa verde is some of the best I have ever had as well. I will definitely be back.
I have tried several other Mexican food places along Mission before this, but I have FINALLY found my late night go-to! The best part? It's right across the street from the 24th/Mission BART station. I always order a Carne Asada Super Burrito, which comes with generous amounts of rice, beans, tomatoes, onions, cilantro, salsa, cheese, sour cream, avocado, and of course MEAT. The tortillas are also perfectly soft, which is a huge thing for me in a burrito. Love their spicy red salsa -- not so much their tomato-y or green salsa. Oh and be careful, this place is CASH ONLY. Enjoy!
Just like the entire city of San Francisco, El Farolito is pure nasty. You only get my endorsement, San Francisco, because you're so progressive and tolerant that it translates to having every doorstep in your city smell like a gangrene toe wrapped in a piss-soaked tortilla.El Farolito is the ultimate drunk stop that reeks of putrid, human shit and I certainly was one among the masses because I visited El Farolito five or six cocktails in and thought it would be a superb idea to stuff a cannon-sized burrito after a massive dinner of cajun/creole food plus dessert. I aim to frighten. I, myself, sampled their vegetarian burrito and nachos that they top off with 3 fried eggs. I enjoyed the nachos more than I enjoyed the vegetarian burrito; however, I ate a good portion of both. I ate so much I could taste the nacho and burrito combination into the next week in my sleep.Everything they make, they make it big. The burrito was an impressive two-hander filled with beans, rice, avocado, and sour cream. It could have used a little more salt, but otherwise, I devoured it. A similar topping was on the nachos, too, with the addition of eggs and now I hate all nachos. It simply does not compare. The degree of generosity that I saw on my plate made me want to cry. You only eat here because you're inebriated, going through cocaine withdrawals, or you have no standards. It's one of the few places around Mission open past midnight and everyone becomes equally unattractive. I like El Farolito's stinky ass charm and the fact that they keep drunken, hangry people like myself off the streets.
THIS IS MY ONE!There are TWO El Farolito's in the City- that I know of. One near Balboa High School (Onondaga St and Mission )- It's good but 24th and Mission is my location! I am so passionate about the 24th location. I lived on the East Coast for 4 years and no matter the time of my arrival, I always made my way to El Farolito as soon as I touched down.Let's face it: GOOD Mexican food is nearly non-existent on the East Coast so I stuffed my face when I visited.Now that I am back I pace myself and Don't go as often as I'd like-hehe but when I do I always get the tacos, burritos or Quesadilla. The BEST thing about this place is they use to stay open until 5am (ALL City natives know what I'm talking about) After the club, tired from dancing all night, hella hungry- El Farolito was the after hours grub spot. Though,That was until the City regulated their opening and closing time- booo! BUT 3:30 isn't bad- especially now days the City is sleeping at this time (mostly).
You know why El Farolito has the best Mexican?!BECAUSE THEY ADD GUAC!! AND their meat has the best grilled flavor I've ever had in a burrito.I can't believe I haven't had it until now and the effort to try this have been years in making... but each time the chance came up, someone would chip in and say "it's not that good! This other Mexican place is better!" Then we would make the journey to a different burrito shop, eat it, and think "MEH." Well, THIS PLACE IS FAR, FAR BETTER and now, I will always hold a grudge against those who have led me astray on my journey here.
Opened late. Long lines...but excellent food! Good prices and solid salsa gauc bar. Smaller groups will work here probably can squeeze in 6 uncomfortably. Best for 4 people groups.
NOMS. Enough said. No but really though - do I really need to make a review for El Farolitos since everyone should know that this place is a MUST GO for anyone that likes mexican food. Or even.. any kind of food in general. Warning - the quesadilla para dos is HUGE. You can literally feed four adults with just this one order. NOMS.
This place is just ok nothing to special. It seems like the main people that frequent and love this place is the late night party crowd. I probably made the mistake coming here sober and it was just a mediocre mexican food place. If you are more concerned with quantity over quality this is def the place for you, they do not skimp you on portion sizes at all and it's probably a good idea to share. I had the burrito and the quesdillas, noting to special but the quesdillas were huge and I could barely even finish half. The flavors are typical, let's be honest you get what you pay for.But if your hungry and on a budget this would be the place for you. Enjoy!!
WHY IS EVERYTHING HERE SO GODDAMNED GOOD?El Farolito is the best of all the Mission district taquerias. This location is a quick walk from Bart (or stumble back to Bart). It's quite small in there, so if you're coming during drunk munchie hours, you'll probably have to grab-n-go. The tostada and quesadilla suiza are my favorites. They're worth the extra bloat you'll have the next morning. The salsa bar is minimal, probably because chips need to be purchased separately. I forgive you for this, El Farolito.
El Farrolito is the definition of "hole in the wall." I first heard about it on a YouTube video show and was not at all disappointed as a bit into my first spurt suiza quesadilla. The line might be out the door, but I will very happily stand outside its doors to satisfy my craving for Mexican food.Although it is open late and definitely an option for late night food after a beer or two, you can definitely enjoy its cheesy, creamy, and meaty offerings at any time or during any mental state.So far I have ordered the super suiza quesadilla, chile relleno platter, and the shrimp ceviche tostada. The shrimp ceviche was definitely the "healthy" option of the three, but the quesadilla was by far the most delicious. I really enjoyed the platter, but mind you it was pretty much the size of my torso... Don't be fooled by the cheap price these are definitely to be shared. I have also spoiled myself on the horchata, which was tasty but a bit sweeter than I am used to.Final verdict: temporary cure for your Mexican food craving. Cheap and delicious food. Just be weary before using the bathroom.
I went here because my friends raved about it every time I visit San Fran. There isn't really much parking in SF so you'll have to find parking on the side of the street. I ordered the carne asada super quesadilla. I thought it was pricier than the usual Mexican food I get in SoCal but I tried it anyways. I was confused at first when I got the order because I thought it looked like a burrito more. But after i took a bite, I didn't care anymore. The cheese melts in your mouth. The meat and avocado and cheese made my mouth salivate after each bite. I loved their sauce bar and their green sauce made the quesadilla a whole lot better. They messed up my friend's order though and it took a while to sort out but otherwise, great food!
Why 4 stars? Because this is what the inventor of the burrito imagined.  ---  ---  ---Or so I'd think. As a native Houstonian, and one who lives a mile from the famous Taco Bus in Tampa, I will caution with this - El Farolito is not going to stand out as the best burrito you've ever eaten. And I think Taco Bus is solid, but a bit overrated.I really did enjoy El Farolito, but I guess when you see 2,000+ reviews and a 4.5 star average, it's tough to live up to the hype. While solid, I question the overall score of this place. Are there just not a lot of good places in SF to get a burrito? Does NoCal Mexican food generally suck? I'll say this, for a place where not a ton of English is spoken, the service was very friendly.The best parts of my experience? The insane homeless guy about a mile away from El Farolito that was absolutely screaming bloody murder at... no one. Just angrily, and you might say "confrontationally," arguing/lecturing himself.Also, my fiance stepping in poop after getting out of the cab. Was it dog poop, or human feces... that's still to be determined. I'm told that in the Mission, it could be anything.
If it wasn't so crowded and dirty, it would not have been that bad. But I honestly would have preferred to not see the cooks touching raw meat, then everything else with their bare hands. I wasn't expecting a fancy clean restaurant, but the food wasn't that great and not worth the wait. My stomach still hurts from eating it yesterday, but I never did get sick.
I absolutely L-O-V-E this place!!!! Their carne asada and green salsa is the best in town!! Being open late nights, helps out also!! YUMMMMM I need some now!!!
Dam son. Been a long time...How I have missed you.Yes there are many many options for burritos in the mission: La cumbre, El Torro, Pancho Villa...I could go on and on and on.....but..El Farolito that Al Pastor just rocked my world....the crunchy bits of pork, the soft avocado, the grilled tortilla....dam that was amazing.....And I was not drunk.Maybe the Norteno's outside (in 49er gear) with pits....added to the flav....but that was the BEST Burrito I have had in a very very long time.chale un vistazo....vato!!!
I was visiting from out of town and saw the reviews so i had to check this place out.I went for the shrimp quesadilla. I added rice and beans to get the full experience.It was one of the best Mexican experiences of my life
Long Line, Dirty floors, really cramped. Ceviche taco wasn't that good. I got the super burrito and I couldn't finish it. Not that expensive so that was a plus.
Coming from a Mexican background where my grandma set the standards for a Mexican home cooked meal, El Farolito comes VERY close to meeting those standards. I had a Carne asada super burrito and it was perfection!! Every bite was heaven, the meat was nice and juicy. Everything was portioned perfectly not to much of one thing. If you are looking for a nice sit down restaurant this is not the place! But if you want authentic Mexican food and you don't mind waiting in line and possibly not having a table to sit in this is the place!!SF Mission you never fail to amaze me!
I've given this places a few tries but I don't understand the popularity. Their meats are tough and bland. And the salsas are bland too. Go to the Gallo Giro truck and get al pastor/carnitas or Vallarta for any of their tacos.
Amazing super burritos and quesadillas so big that they look like burritos too haha. I got the carne Asada and it was marvelous!
I really like it here. There food is on point. The only problem is that it is super small. It gets super crowded. And it's hard to find parking. Besides that it's really good. Just make sure your going on public transportation and don't care about crowds.
Amazing food. Not a fancy place to dine in cause of all the people asking for money, but well worth it. If you are in the San Francsico area, definitely come here for good food, you won't regret it.
So this was the only Mexican food place I got to try in SF. I have to admit that I am a Mexican food snob so I was a bit skeptical of this place. We went here after a long night of drinking & dancing. Needless to say, all of us were famished. Our group got carne asada burritos, carne asada tacos, and the shrimp quesadilla. The shrimp quesadilla alone is worth all the starts for this place. It tasted so good and it was packed with shrimp, cheese, and all the grease you want. Carne asada tacos & burritos were solid, I'm sure I can find "better" ones down in LA. The shrimp quesadilla, however, was really, really fantastic. Came here at night so not 100% sure what the parking is like. Got lucky and took a street parking via meter across the street from the restaurant. It's a bit small and I think on weekends, it gets super crowded.
Line out the door type of place. Not really worth a long line but it's good Mexican. I've had better. It's a hole in a wall type place with limited seating. Very fast service. One bathroom and 2 sinks while you wait for bathroom. Prices as usual. Medium size menu, can't get everything here.
- Carne Asada Burrito is DELICIOUS, but not better than a Southern California carne asada burrito.- Quesadilla is just as good as a Carne Asada Burrito!- Lengua burrito was aiiiiite. I had better at Taqueria De Anda in So Cal.- Workers are super nice!- Try the green sauce! A+++ spice is about 8/10, pico de gallo spice is 1/10- On-street parking is challenging to find if you go during peak traffic hours. You should be okay otherwise.- CASH ONLY.
I'm a native San Diegan, born and raised with the best burritos (and California-style Mexican food) in California. This place re-affirmed that for me. I already knew that I could not even fathom the thought of ordering a burrito, so I looked at other parts of the menu. After reading the reviews raving about the quesadilla suiza, I gave it a try. I ordered it with a side of chips and got some salsa and green sauce.Quesadilla suiza: greasy, bland cheese and bland uber-thin slice of beef in a boring flour tortilla. Red sauce: This is not red sauce. This is stuff usually found in a jar at an American grocery store.Chips: Also found in American grocery stores but in the clearance aisle. This was so gross that I just stopped eating after a few bites and walked out.
Great burrito spot. Easy access to public transportation. Parking difficult. Food great. Great taqueria. Had al pastor quesadilla suiza and carne asada super burrito. Horchata was good. Busy long line.
that green sauce! get 5x green sauce for every burrito you get.el farolito is a great place to go both sober and drunk!
I have been to this like four times, and love love love it. I highly recommend super burrito, the one with shrimp and beef. Also the tacos are so filling and yummy. I am a girl who doesn't like beer, but i tried Niegra beer, and it's so light and taste amazing.
You know a place is good when the line is out the door.Everything on the menu was well priced. 2-6 dollars; 2 being a taco and 6 being a super burrito.My quesadilla was massive, greasy, and not lacking in meat. It was fantastic. Digging into the second half, not sure if I was sobering up, but it was extremely salty. This questioning and my inebriated state makes me hesitant to give this place five stars.Would definitely come back and give it another try.They have to buzz you in to use the bathroom. Don't use the bathroom.
Very good burritos and pretty good ceviche. Lots of locals (always a good sign). It wasn't the cleanest place despite the staff doing their best to keep up with the crowd (some customers dropped food on the floor and just walked away...). We still had a good, tasty lunch.
THIS PLACE LIVES UP TO THE HYPE. Came here Saturday night, I honestly don't remember what I ate or how I got there, but you know it hits the spot for drunchies food. Apparently I ate the super carne asada burrito and the quesadilla. What I remember the tortilla was fresh with the cheese and sour cream just made it so much better.Definitely come here after a good night of drinking! Long lines and crowded after 1am!
Best Carnitas burrito I've ever had.
El Farolito will always have a special place in my heart for one reason: on our wedding night, we stopped by here after drinking and dancing for hours, ravenous with hunger. We had run on adrenaline most of the day but we needed real food and when your new bride wants nothing more than veggie nachos, you abide. With the meter running outside, I walked past a line of at least 40 people to the register, fully in my wedding tux. I spoke to the cashier in my best Spanish explaining our situation and that her Mom was even from the same county as the owners. He looked at me for a second, looked at the long line I had just cut, and asked me what I wanted. I gave him my order and he said "5 minutes". 10 minutes later, we were devouring our good in our living room, in our full wedding garb. Epic kindness on a special night. Even without that story, EF was in my top 2, right there with Taqueria Cancun. This is as legit as it gets, an expert shop that moves more business in a day than several other local ones combined. Come ready to order, don't ask for recommendations, learn the system and things will go well for you.
Two Words: Carne Asada.  Some of the best Taqueria meat in the Mission... and that's saying something.  Been here a few times for burritos or taco's and loved it but my partner and I got on this Nacho conversation ( something I never order out ) and I did a little research on Yelp and local blogs and low and behold .. Farolito's came up again... so we went. While they are a bit messy and my partner thought they should have used thicker chips... The taste was great, the Carne Asada was perfect (as usual) and the combo of beans, cheese, peppers was just right for me. Though at the end you'll probably be using a fork, that's fine by me.Side note.. Noticed on the menu they had an added addendum item "Boss's Burrito" with shrimp and pork.  Any experienced opinions out there? I'm intrigued.
After a night of drinking on mission street , San fransico , we came to this place , there was a line out the door , big glass for you to check out the cook working his magic , moved pretty quick for the most part , open late hours , and I got a super burrito , $6.75 , and I could not even finish it
So good. So SO good.People far and wide had recommended I visit El Farolito while on a trip to San Francisco so I had to oblige. Burritos? I'm listening. Carne Asada Burritos? You have my attention. Best you've ever had? Ok, I hear you!I got the message loud and clear by the time I tasted the deliciousness that is the carne asada burrito of El Farolito. It was in the middle of the day and I was stone sober but I can only imagine how amazing it must taste after a healthy dose of booze, too.My boyfriend doesn't typically like taqueria food, but he ordered the quesadilla anyway and loved it! Now he craves it, which is too bad for him since we live in Washington! The quesadilla he ordered is usually meant for two people (super suiza?) but two people here really translates to four. It was a LOT of food.With the amount of food that we ended up getting, we still managed to stuff most of it down. With food this tasty, how could we not at least try to?!From now on, every trip to SF must include a trip to El Farolito.
Was ok. Wasn't in the greatest place, a little expensive. I had a chicken burrito had some mixed meat in it. Not cool. They have good spicy jalapenos and good Mexican soda
This just might be the best taco shop on the Mission district block. Yes, it's a bold claim and at least I have two thousand reviews to back me up. After having a dreadful experience at Foreign Cinema better known in my reviews as Foreign Service (the concept of service is foreign at this place) I needed redemption and nothing does it for me like a taqueria.Luckily, within a few blocks are some of the finest taco shops in the city. El Farito was highest on the to eat list so we made our short trek. The line was packed and the spot was buzzing with folks. All demographics, shapes, sizes and colors were in that place. We settled on a super carnitas burrito and a few crispy tacos (carnitas, al pastor and lengua). While waiting I had a San Diego moment. This place could compete with any of the "berto" taco shops in SD.The burrito was on point and now holds 1st place in the bay for me. The ratio of rice, meat, sour cream and avocado could not have been any better. Size wise, bigger than most in the bay. The crispy taco was good, but not great. I wish it wasn't the classic taco shell, but the contents made up for it.Next time, it's carne asada for me.
This place is AMAZING!!! It's a mom n pop, hole-in-the-wall type of place, but don't let the appearance fool you! I had the BEST cabeza tacos I've had outside of Mexico. The meat was PERFECT, and they're def not greedy with the portion--I made 4 tacos out of two! I also had a quesadilla with chorizo, banging!!The workers were super friendly and attentive--unlike everyone else I encountered in San Francisco!Overall, CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
The place has not changed in years. When you walk in you get a whiff of the carne asada cooking. Although the place is not aesthetically pleasing the burritos and tacos are amazing. La Taqueria and this place are both on par. They play great mexican music.
Best mexican I've had in the Mission.Burritos and Tacos make you dream of mexican food heaven and that every day that you would able to eat something as delicious as what they make!When my wife and I were last there, when she bit into the burrito, I thought she was going to pass out from how good it was. Much like that scene from Ratatouille where the critic tried the dish and remembered his childhood.I settle for nothing less now.
After a super burrito at El Farolito, I always think of the Vonnegut quote, "Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt." The world becomes so right starting with the first bite of anything here.The carne asada and chile relleno super burritos can always be relied upon. The burritos are utterly stuffed with whatever main ingredient you choose and is very satisfying. Only quibbles I can see other people having are 1) burritos too creamy (lots of sliced avocados and sour cream) 2) it smells like the meat and tortilla were cooked with a stick of butter. Neither of these should give anyone pause as the end result is simply too delicious to worry about.The salsa bar is consistent, if not the most varied or interesting. There is a slight charge for fairly mediocre chips I admit. Also, cash only and sometimes long lines.So why am I still giving 5 stars despite a few minor flaws? Because the super burritos are oh so, so right and transcend any rational metric.
huge dissapointment! this tacos are disgusting. trust me coming from a person who knows what real delicious tacos are, these are not. yuk
WHOA WHOA WHOAThis was place was Amazing. I am always looking for good mexican food outisde of mexico or home made. This place had the BEST mexican food i've had in the US.My girlfiend had the Cabeza Tacos and i tried them and they blew my mind, with every bite i felt like i was in mexico at a little stand. I had a burrito that was the size of a newborn with al pastor and shrimp and it was amazing, every bite was an explosion of deliciousness in my mouth.The service was pretty great. I have nothing to complain about.I know ill be back in SF soon and when i am, this will be one of my stops.
Hole in the wall, but really good food. The people inside are a mix. The establishment is cash only. I like the fact you can get a nice cold beer with your food. They have a little salsa bar you can get different types of salsas. I only like the salsa Verde, and the pickled jalapenos. I expected more kick, but maybe my spicy is way too spicy for most. The portions are HUGE.
This plaaaaace is prettyyy bombbb for some authentic super nachos with carne asada. SO BIG, with sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, salsa, hot sauce and avacado. :) The burritos are pretty big in proportion too! Their horchata is so on point, but one time I got the bottom of the barrel (which stunk....) but it's good otherwise -- and cheap (around 1 dolla mang..).Definitely recommend and I always come back.
I was told this was the best taqueria in San Fran. Either people in SF have never had fantastic Mexican food or they've forgotten what it tastes like.A friend and I came here and ordered a carne asada burrito and a super veggie burrito. Neither were anything special. My issues:The chips were not fresh, and seemed to be pre-made.The pico tasted like diced tomatoes. They didn't have spicy salsa. The beans had too much lard in them and tasted more like lard then like beans. The burritos also didn't have the ingredients mixed, rather they were piled on top of each other so we didn't get a taste of all the ingredients with each bite, my burrito pet peeve.Finally, they only accept cash and the line was almost out the door and very slow. I learned my lesson: Mexican food is to be eaten in Socal.
I don't think I could ever eat in here sober. I am uncomfortable here even when drunk... The line is too long, the tables are too dirty, and there is too much sour cream/cheese in everything. I guess I was in the Northern part of the Mission (on 15th) so there wasn't really any reason to come here ... La Cumbre is so much brighter, cleaner, and they have $4.95 Petite Burritos! My drunken self does not need to inhale a giant burrito at 3 AM.
I am now a big fan. . Been lurking around Yelp for the best mexican stuff. This place is cheap/ straight up good / authentic Mexican Food. We ordered Al Pastor , Chicks enchiladas, Burritos and Carnells. Everything is very flavorful and good. Will definitely go back.
Was here late night 11pm and there was a line of people, wasnt too hard to find a seat in this small hole in the wall place which was surprising given how popular it was, either people had take outs or the turnover was fast - we didnt stay long too. I was never a fan of mission since the first time i was there because of the amount of homeless people and place is abit sketchy, Now about the food, had the super burrito and beef tongue taco, both were rly good for a good price!
I don't get what people love about this place. I personally found it GA-ROSS. Go to Taqueria Guadalajara instead.
BEST BURRITOS IN SF. H A N D S D O W N !!! I ordered the Shrimp Burrito and a side of Chips to share with my boyfriend and it was the perfect portion for us. The Shrimp in our burrito was season and grilled perfectly. They use jumbo sized shrimps in the burritos and they were super flavorful. Chips and salsa costs only $.50! I especially loved their red salsa. It has a really good kick to it without burning your lips. Downside to this place is that the benches are only made for 4 people. And since this place is a popular spot at night, I'd suggest just taking your food to-go on busy nights.
Cash only!Let me try to dig through my short-term memory regarding my experience here as I was not very coherent at 2am this Saturday morning. =PI came here with three other people and the line was out the door! We waited for about 5-10 minutes before it was our turn to order. We had 4 Coronas and when one spilled over on the floor, the cashier gave us another one. He didn't seem too willingly, but regardless he handed it over. I ordered two carne asada tacos and they were huge! I remember them being very good. The beau got super nachos and it was also huge. Most of it was filled with beans and a good amount of meat, though I wish there were more.Like most people said, it's a place you go when you've got the late-night munchies and I have to say it was very satisfying.
The high rating of this place is completely justified. Large selection on menu, cheap (for what you're getting), and delicious.I went there on a Sunday night ~7pm. There were about 15 people ahead of me in line. The seating is not great; there were no spots open, and the place was packed! I ordered a Super Burrito ($6.75) with carne asada minus beans. The burrito was loaded with rice, avocado, and other things which I don't remember, because it was eaten so quickly. I halved it and ate the other half for dinner the next day.The location is convenient; right by 24th& Mission. I will definitely go back.
Al Pastor was good, easily the best I've tasted in norcal and even beats the avg socal joints. Lengua meat was super tender and seasoned well. Carne asada is 'wetter' than socal carne asada but flavorful!Anyone know if the the El Farolito in south bay (east san jose) is the same owner/recipe? I would be elated if it is...
San Fran is a magical place. It's all bus tours, recycling, high end shopping, fancy painted ladies and a famous landmark. At least that's what it was for me and the mister for the 1st 3 days of our trip. Then we got on the bus and went to the mission district for some mexicali food that we could never get back in NYC. Conversation as follows: E: this is a very different part of SF....G: yes. Yes it is. E: it's like the lower east side. G: like the avenue d of the east village. E: I didn't know there was an avenue d. You told me not to go past avenue b!G: exactly. Turn your engagement ring stone side in & put your phone in your pocket. While standing inside the hole-in-the wall establishment & wondering if I should've left my bright turquoise coat at home, I salivated over the delicious (& cheap!) menu. Lengua. Al pastor. REAL avocados. Truthfully, my tacos were okay. They give you a large amount of meat but the flavor wasn't all there for the al pastor. It was still good, but not amazing. The burrito was the size of a baby, but also meh. The real winner, the most delicious thing I put in my mouth, was the quesadilla super suiza. Well, it was the most delicious thing I put in my mouth that day. G would disagree.
El Farolito has the delicious and cheap mexican food that you are looking for. This is just how burritos are meant to be; enormous and satisfying. If you're lucky a mariachi band may come in unexpectedly to enrich your mission burrito experience.
Super cabeza burrito at 2 AM. Uoeno.This seems like the go-to place for people after clubbing/bars. While there's always a line out the door whenever I happen to be there, the service is fast and the food is always good.
Seriously!!!! Someone actually liked this place? Definitely not for me. It's a cheap, hangout when you are half drunk, or may be when you don't know what good food is.
Best burritos in the bay. Hands. Down.Anyone who says differently is a terrible person.
BEST BURRITOS EVER!!!! And I'm not just saying that because i go there around the wee hours of 1-2am but because I REALLY do mean it!!! They always have a line out the door and they are quick!!! A must try when you are around the area.
Super burrito with carne asada is THE BEST hands down, and with the green salsa and pico de gallo...this food is to die for. get the horchata as well!
Really great burritos. Cash only. And there is barely space to sit. There's always a long line. But it's totally worth the wait!
With a line going out the door and all the hype this place has this place expected to astound me beyond all levels of hole-in-the-wall-ness. I'd like to think that I restrained myself from over-hyping this place based on what other people have said, and El Farolito did not meet the standards I had for a small dirty little mexican shop.Dirty, yes. Dingy, dark, cramped, stuffy, a little disgustingly humid from all the bodies? Yes. Smells like mexican food? Of course. But the flavor wasn't really all there.I got a carne asada burrito and also helped myself to the salsas and for the price it was a good amount of food.Not exactly a memorable burrito. Yes there was a lot in it, but I've had burritos before that had a lot more flavor and less grease. Life changing? No. Satiating? Ok, El Faralito, I'll give you that.
Found this place late night while visiting SF with my friend. Open late but in a semi sketch area. Carne asada burrito - he gave it a solid 7.5 but I didn't get to try it. Super quesadilla with Carne asada - great amount of meat and I love that they put sour cream in a quesadilla. We took half of this home and it was still good when we put it in the oven the next morning. Al pastor taco - my fav item of the night although the quesadilla came close. I might get the quesadilla with al pastor if I get a chance to visit again. The meat was marinated really nicely. Chorizo taco - I might be biased because of living in Spain and adoring Spanish chorizo. I wasn't too satisfied with this one. Didn't even finish it. Their sauces are good. I found the two red ones too salty but the green one was great. Lastly, THEY SERVE BEER!All this came out to about $22. CASH ONLY.
Had this for the first time today! I had the super  Carne asada and shrimp . Everything was pretty good.although i wish there was a little bit more meat. The price was a lil high but then again your in san Francisco . Must try though so just do it!
Good burritos. Very fast service. Didn't like the enchiladas, the sauce was not good at all.
I would give El Farolito a 3-4 star rating based on the food if it wasn't for the frequent inept level of service. My biggest frustration about ordering from this place is the language barrier. I had one instance where I tried to place an order for pick up by phone which was literally impossible to complete. I was hung up on a few times in the middle of the process. When I attempted to complete the order through my wife who is fluent in Spanish, we still were unable to do so. I recently placed a "to go" order at the establishment where I included an orange / carrot juice as part of the order. Perhaps I should have said "naranja y zanahoria", but that likely would have not produced the desired result.Instead of an orange / carrot juice mix, I received a carrot juice even when I asked repeatedly if this was an orange / carrot I was holding. They acknowledged that it was what I had originally ordered. It required me having to take a sip of the juice to confirm that it was carrot juice only. I brought it up with the cashier who appeared to be flustered at the time. Rather then wait for them to complete the order to my satisfaction, I told them to forget it, and departed with my order "as is". Just keep the language barrier in mind if you decide to frequent this establishment. In most circumstances I would choose Chipotle over El Farolito, however Chipotle is not open as late. This is generally a good place to go to if you're looking for a late night meal.
12:15pm/66F mostly sunnyPurpose: A buddy of mines did this and another place around here was known for their burritos.Ambiance: Stuffy in back seating area one TV tune in Univision channel. When you walk in becareful not to knock someone's food out of their hand too narrow standing there waiting to order. People coming from back area leaving edging out creating even smaller walkway. Front window shows the grill and packaging area. Staff: 4-5 people working behind counter each with a task being assign. They were buzzing around like busy bees so attitude maybe a factor taking these actions into consideration.Cleanliness: Didn't stay long to look went outside waiting for order too stuffy inside.Eats/Drinks: Super steak burrito $6.25 we split it in half as I ws still full from Hot Press up the street. It was tasty but a little salty on the meat maybe over marinated but never the less it was tasty. The rice could be softer seems to need about 2-3 minutes of cooking. Didn't like the idea of paying $.50 for a bag of chips though what good places does that, I guess here people do really pay for it.Products: Tacos,burritos,nachos,platotherchiladas,tosada,quesadilla,jarritos,Mexican coke etc. They also do catering services on sight.Punch Line: Within steps of 24st Bart,plus size burritos,moderate prices,drink choices,enough for dinner. Final Thoughts: Between here and papalote I can't decide on which is better. I mean both places have the same taste and size just papalote is about $1.65 more on each burrito has more seating other than that not much of a difference both places has tremendously long lines depending when you get there.
Hands down the best burrito I have ever had ever! If you love Mexican food this is the best spot in California you'll seriously be blown away but be warned bathe burritos are massive! Staff is super friendly and as a regular they welcome us when we come in and know our order. Always awesome!
Still one of my fav Burrito spots coming from an S.F. native. But damn, the line is long. I remember when getting a burrito here was like a 10 min in and out job, now its like 30-40 mins just to get my burrito. But hey I'll still go here cause its my spot, but I think I'll either come verry early, or mid afternoon during a weekday. Other than that, get ready to stand in line for a long time in a tight lil spot. Although the burrito is still on point. Check it out!
This place was listed on some of the Best Burritos in North America. I managed to get over to the Mission and found it on my GPS. Place my phone order and had one of the BEST Carne Asada Burritos ever. Whole beans or not, it was UHMAZING! I wish I lived in the Mission so I could eat here every day. And I had my food in 10 minutes. It lives up to the Hype!
When in San Francisco's Mission district, one must eat a mission-style burrito. El Farolito was the natural choice, arguably being the best known in the area. I ordered the super burrito 50/50 with carne asada/carnitas and the standard innards.I'm not sure that I will go again on my next trip to San Fran, but it was a good and authentic mission-style burrito.
I came into El Farolito wanting some type of nachos that Iv'e never had before because i normally get Carne Asada super nachos, but this time i thought i should change it up so i ordered Al Pastor Super nachos, once they called my order i took the food home, once i got home though I decided to start munching on the nachos and i realized that there was no meat what so ever. Once I decided to munch down on a few more chips i began to get furious and pissed but I soon began to think that it was not worth it and that food is food.Overall: 8 out of 10 for ordinary vegetarian super nachospro: they gave me my nachoscon: they forgot to add the meat, and I ended up with vegetarian super nachos instead
Let me add to the praise. My sons and I had been camping and stopped in SF. We were starving and looking for good Mexican food. It was reasonably priced, enormous in portion, and delicious. We got chicken tacos which were just perfect and had tons of chicken, a huge steak burrito and a quesadilla - also huge. We couldn't finish and we had been starved and eating campfire food for 3 days. It's a very low key place and there are every type of people there. Ergo, not for the snooty types.
Disgusting. If it wasn't open late I couldn't imagine anyone wanting to eat that dogfood
When in the Mission, assume the position... the Triple D hunch that is because you'll be shoveling the amazing Mexican food into your face faster than Speedy Gonzalez, and you're bound to miss your mouth! In a sea of taquerias, El Farolito is a standout, making food the way its been done by Mexican families for ages, and serving it up for the people of SF. When we got there, this place was nothing short of a fiesta with a line out the door and the sweet sounds of Mariachi music were flowing into the street! Cabeza, Sesos, and Lengua OH MY! I never know what to choose when I get to the counter at a taqueria. Do I go for the tacos? A Burrito? Something else? We'd all come for a burrito, which I order under peer pressure and realize after I wanted tacos. The burrito was good, but the rice, beans and other fillings get in the way of the pure flavor of the LENGUA (beef tongue for those that speak the Spanish). I like the simple stuff in life, good corn tortillas, a little chopped onion, cilantro, lime, and oh yeah, MEAT! Next time I'm there, I'm going all in for a taco trio that the bovine version of Hannibal Lecter would approve of ... MOO Clarice... Lengua, Sesos, and Cabeza por favor!
Good burrito. Craved it like 10pm decided to head down to this because I didn't want to drive all the way to 24th... A lot of drunk people since clubs are right in front but whatevs
With all the hype on yelp surrounding this place my expectations were high. When I arrived the line was out the door. Okay, I've seen that in yelp reviews so it was expected. Dealt with the line and the 'cash only' no probs. My party of 3 order a super burrito with carne asada, a super quesadilla with carne asada, and super nachos with carne asada; 2 beers and an horchata for $30+. I ordered the nachos and gathered my fresh salsa located at the end of the bar. When I opened up the to go container its looking mad delish... Let's go!The excitement was over as soon as I bit into the fresh avocado, carne asada piled stale chips. Oh man what the hell is this?!? Stale chips?!? There is no excuse for that; the chips tasted like they were cooked for a 4th of July party that never happened. Oh well, I could ask for tortillas and make myself tacos but decided to just protein-style it. After a few bites I couldn't taste anything, just cheesy-flavorless-meat. Maybe I was already turned off by the fact that my meal's foundation was built on some stale-old chips, I dunno. I just finished my brew and called it dinner. The other 2 in my party agreed on the lack of flavor in the carne asada and they too left food on the table. Perhaps I'm used to SoCal Mexican food but whenever I visit SF again, I know I'll leave this place for you NorCal yelpers that like bland carne asada and old ass chips.
Finally came back to try some tacos! I ordered two pastor tacos and one pastor quesadilla suiza. And they did not disappoint!! Tacos were really tasty and pastor tasted like it should have! Theses come second best compared to homemade (nothing beats homemade food) Quesadilla suiza was also delicious! Next time ill get the super suiza! but if I get mexican craving while I'm in SF this be the spot for sure!
I ordered a regular burrito with carne asada and the portion is huge! And an order of tortilla chips, which are the best I've ever had. So crunchy and not oily. And you get unlimited salsa from mild to spicy.
Local joint. Late night greasy spoon. Price to taste to vibe, Awesome. You don't go here for tacos.  Although I've never tried them. I was told that though.
4.5 stars. Super Quesadilla Suiza with steak $5ish just hit the spot after a night of drinking.  I tried some of my friend's carnitas taco but they were a bit salty.  There are plenty of street parking around the block. The bathroom is pretty inefficient so expect a wait . Someone has to come unlock the door for you each time.
Last night, I cheated on my girlfriend... with a super burrito stuffed with al pastor from El Farolito.If I had to choose between seeing a unicorn spittin' Biggie at a house party versus eating a burrito at El Farolito, I would choose eating a burrito every time. Last night was a spiritual experience for me. As a ripped into this amazing burrito, I am pretty sure I saw Jesus himself appear before my eyes and say to me "so amazing, right dude?". And I'm Buddhist! lol. The rice and beans didn't smother the burrito, and the al pastor was a meaty kiss from the pig gods. Oh, and the flour tortilla, heavenly.People may complain El Farolito is dirty. But with lines usually out the door, how could anyone keep this place clean? A long Line is a great sign of amazing food, and last night blew my mind.Shout out to my homegirl Loan H. (Strife TV) for the recommendation.
Heavenly lengua tacos and chicken quesedilla.
Late night drunk food yes, but if I was sober this place is aiiiight. Cash only and the line goes by quick!
A Pacifico with a lime and a Super Quesadilla Suiza at El Farolito's was the perfect last meal here. After a week of 3 course meals, it's nice to just sit down with friends and enjoy a cheap meal at a local spot in town. I couldn't say the name right to save my life, changing it to El Fartito's most likely due to my fears of any adverse side effects (all good though!).It's cash only, and the line moves pretty quickly. I love menus with pictures especially at a place like here, and I had to have the Super Quesadilla Suiza because of the picture. Don't lose your stub with your number on it that they call when it's ready. The booths are a little small and hard to accommodate a larger group of friends all wanting to hash out their week while devouring burritos. The Quesadilla with carne asada was huge and delicious. Similar to the flat burrito's that we get in New Orleans at Felipe's but even bigger. The self-serve salsas were good, though I really really liked the green salsa/guac-y one the most. I have to say, this burrito place in Twin Falls, Idaho spoiled me on their carne asada, so all carne asada has to try and live up to that heavenly steak standard.Would definitely go back, though I don't think I'd go alone since I'm not familiar with this part of town. From what I hear, the food get's even better the later you eat it. ;)
Wow. Better than the descriptions better than you can imagine. I want to come back to SF JUST for El Farolitos. It's that good.
Delicious, generous portions of food. Cash only. The carne asada is incredible, of course, but I also love the lengua. The chips and salsa are great and totally worth the $0.60.
I hope photos can express as my words surely won't.I ordered to share amongst 3 girls.4 carne asada tacos1 super suiza spinach quesadillaToGoFood for the road trip back to OCTacos -AceQuesadilla-huge and flavorful the best I've ever hadDid I mention super cheap but cash onlyLine was long because ummmmmmmmm it's great! Inside super small and cramped
The super quesadilla is still the best quesadilla I've ever had. It's enormous, so splitting between two people is encouraged.
Who thought a place could exist that could compete with La Palma?While I still think La Palma's burritos win out, El Farolito has one hell of a delicious offering, and I'm pretty sure it's cheaper too.The chips... oh the chips. They're amazing. Do yourself a favor and get two orders to enjoy while waiting for your food. Mexican Cokes? Of course. Not to mention a quesadilla (Quesadilla Super Suiza) that could easily be crowned as the finest dish ever crafted with melted cheese.It's tight inside and crazy busy at lunch, but it's worth it. Besides, there's one guy behind the counter that seems to cook, take orders AND clean up after everyone, so he's probably got it worse. (and deserves a decent tip)
Good and fast service. I had tacos and they were really good, especially the ones with carnitas. If I'm in the area again would love to try something else.
Best place for late Mexican food. Always a long line but it moves very fast. Plus they're open till 3. Can't not win here.
This taqueria needs no introduction. I have been eating the Super Suiza quesadilla & drinking the fresco strawberry juice for 8+ years. The "gualsa" (green avocado salsa) makes me drool just thinking about it. Every visit is just as magical as the first. There's a location in oakland in Fruitvale too!
Last few times have been pretty tasty, so I'm increasing my rating by a star.
This place is the throwback to the basics place. No frill, random house sauce, cooking method voodoo BS. Just the most basic ingredients done extremely well. I got their Super Burrito with carnitas : big, satisfying, warm and gut busting good. Yeah this place won't win any awards for decour or ambiance. Who cares, you're not paying for that, you're paying for a solid pound of food that tastes the way it should. A true benchmark burrito.
We got the veggie burrito and regular nacho. We left mid-way thru both.Not a place to go with family and hardly much seating space.
El Farolito has been here for decades. the entrance is very cramped. the line forms at the register and heads out the door. no room to wait for order. eats: regular lengua burrito (5.25)-nice portion, tender lengua-semistale chips-fresher/tastier than san jose taq.3.5 starsfrijoles refritoes:-place has an homeless smell to it.-semifriendly, efficient service-some meats grilled to order, some from steam table.
While the wait may be a bit longer than expected, the steak super burrito is well worth it. It has all the goodness you could want. Get salsa verde on the side to douse it in. Cash only.
Only the one on 24th and mission!!!!
This is the late night spot to go to. It's famous for it's burritos and in the Mission district. The menu is simple Mexican food and I didn't expect to have good Mexican food in Northern California. This place was surprising. I went with the Carne Asada Super Burrito. They also bring out the food to you after it's readyCarne Asada Super Burrito - asada, beans, sour cream, onions, tomatoes, guacamole, rice , wrapped in a flour tortilla. The juiciness of the burrito was good stuff! That first bite was really good. The softness of the tortilla was on point. Recommendation: Carne Asada Super burrito.
The burritos are massive, cheap and delicious. I highly recommend the horchata. Warning: food coma is practically guaranteed.
I've been here several times in the past year, and I've never been disappointed. I always order the chicken super burrito, and sometimes I order chips. The chips are a bit stale and don't taste that great, but it's nice to pair them with the different salsas from the salsa bar. Their burritos are packed with meat, rice, guacamole, and sour cream, and they taste excellent. I've noticed that the burritos can be a bit inconsistent - sometimes the contents of the burritos are a bit too liquidy, or sometimes the sour cream condenses towards the bottom - but they taste delicious anyways.My first time here, they decided to start blasting their background mariachi music just as I bit into the chicken burrito, which made the entire experience even more glorious.
It might be the hype, it might be the journey to SF from south bay, or it might be the fact that I lived in San Diego for 7 years...but I was not satsified with El Farolito. I'm not saying the burrito here wasn't good. It was indeed a tasty collection of ingredients wrapped in a toasty tortilla which makes a good and cheap (only $6-7 bucks for something that could fill two people). I've heard numerous friends rave about the Mexican food here, claiming superiority to San Diego joints. I've seen all the love heaped onto El Farolito by the internet media. All of this probably lead me down the dangerous slope of high expectations and ultimately disappointing.My friend and I decided to hit up here and Taqueria Cancun back to back to compare the burritos. We got carna asada at both places. El Farolito had the better beans, which were creamier and better seasoned. They also had better salsas, which was spicier and more flavorful, and better tortilla, which was toasted and slightly chewy (I wish the tortilla was toasted more and crisper. Its one of the first things for a fantastic burrito for me). However, i thought the carna asada was a bit chewy and the flavors muddled by the liquid-y mush from the beans and meat. The weaker meat component makes a otherwise better burrito at El Farolito and brings it down to a tie with Taqueria Cancun. Maybe I need to try different meats at both places, as carna asada is a relatively boring protein choice. Carnitas, Al Pastor and Lengua are definitely in my future and SF MIssion burritos.Overall, I'd come to El Farolito again, but I'm not going out of my way and I definitely be arguing that SD mexican food is better
Everytime i bite this carne asada supper burrito, i taste a new flavor...................................
Well to start I would give this place a higher rating if they where not so blatant with there looks and comments at my friend and I. We ordered standard burritos and when we paid the cashier and a worker made comments about both my friend and I (not knowing I know Spanish) the "burrito woman" who was giving out the food made comments as well and skipped over bringing our food. Another employee finally gave us our food after everyone else had been served, we where the only ones waiting on our food. As for the burrito it was good but not worth the experience. It came highly recommended so maybe I had too high expectations. I honestly will not ever recommend or return to this place.
Super good especially for the price and portion!
Got the super burrito with carnitas and extra avocado. Juicy, tasty and quick service given the long line. Not good chips, if you're into that as a side, but great salsa options. I'll go back again when I have the craving, but not sure it's my favorite burrito in the city, as many seem to feel.
We were taken here by our taxi driver last night as the place to go for Mexican food and he was right, well at least it felt that way at 2am ;-))The place was packed out and noisy. I was the only one in there in a suit and I got a few glaring looks from people. I think it was either a look of what are you doing in this part of town or I wanna cut you up mut@*$ucka look lol. Two of my colleagues stayed in the taxi and did not want to get out and come and join me in the queue lol. We had the normal burritos and they weighed a ton. With delicious beef, rice and bean filling and nothing more. The flavour was exceptional and taco was nice and chewy. The tortilla chips they gave us with the meal was excellent and I was in heaven. None of us finished our burritos but we immensely enjoyed each and every bite. We were four happy Aussies lolI would return here in a heartbeat. It feels like a dodgy area and the place looks ordinary but that won't stop me from going back and trying the entire menu :-))) Try the bottled Mexican drinks they have called Jarritos or something like that and the mandarin flavour is really nice.
If you like Mexican food don't bother coming to San Francisco if you're not going to eat here. This is the Mecca for big mission style Mexican burritos! It's a crummy location and the decor is awful, however it adds to the charm.
Late night snack? Regardless of what time you go, I think there is always a line out the door. We went at 10pm and it was packed. Carne asada super burrito with black beans - no rice. Yum! Although it was big, I had to finish it all.Tables turn fast so it wasn't hard to find a place to sit, enjoy the burrito with our beers.Parking isn't easy - never is on Mission. But worth it if you're hungry late at night.
It's not hard to tell with their 3000+ reviews that this IS the spot during late night mexican cravings, especially in SF.I almost always stop here with my friends when we go to SF and have had so many different things such as tacos, burritos, quesadillas, etc.Never has it been a poor experience for us.Love their carne asada, lengua, al pastor, and carnitas.They provide speedy service although there is often a line out the door and quite the quality meal. Awesome late night munchies location and a wonderful experience with friends to bond over great food and chalk it up in SF.
We came here because we saw El Farolito on Esquire's list of the "Most life changing burrito in America" so we had to try it. My fianc and I have been religiously going to La Taqueria for their carne asada burrito each time we are in the city so we wanted to give El Farolito a try to see if it lived up to its status. We decided to order the Carne Asada burrito here to see how it compared to La Taqueria. I have to say it was really good, but not as good as La Taqueria. If I never had La Taqueria, I would say it was one of the better burritos I have had but the carne asada was not as tender and flavorful. Also, there was too much rice in our burrito. The soft warm flour tortilla was made right and the burrito is HUGE, packed with with beans, rice, cheese, sour cream, tomato, onion, cilantro and salsa. I mean, it's a great deal if you want a gigantic burrito. You won't leave hungry for sure.
The food is great. If I'd done take out, I would give it four stars. But I didn't. It's a bit more (shall we say) authentically cavalier (or breathlessly reckless) in regards to sanitation. The tables and floors outside the food prep area remind me of a roadhouse on a dusty stretch of a developing world byway. The health code appears to be a minor distraction that gets in the way of cooking. Like a fly on the windowsill. Just swat it away. But look here. Listen to me. Escuche! They do simple Mexican food really well here. Amazing burritos at prices from a long gone era. Chips for 60 cents. The atmosphere is given added texture by an old, haggard lady hitting you up for change while you eat (at least whilst I was there).It doesn't get more real than that. No air-brushing over things here. This is the Mission before the Mountain View hordes altered huge chunks of it and sapped it of its flavor.Food: 4Facility:2Service: cafeteria style---friendly. 3III Yelp Stars
Just went to El Farolito for the second time and it's still amazing.The first time I had the super burrito al pastor and it changed my life a little bit. It has rice which I like since otherwise things can get messy. Also one of my favorite things is they use huge pieces of avocado instead of guacamole. This time I tried the super quesadilla with the asada. I'll say this: be prepared to get your hands dirty. It's delicious of course but definitely harder to handle than the burrito. Still big pieces of avocado, still in love.It's nothing fancy, so if you're not into "hole in the wall" kind of places Farolito might not be for you. If you like good, reasonably priced Mexican food, do yourself a favor and go.
They are very tolerant of my drunk self well past midnight. Then they make me the steak quesadilla para dos (except I eat it myself) and it is amazing. I gladly pay for a lyft across the city just to go here at the end of the night (or the beginning if things are going well (  ) )
Literally right outside the 24th st Bart station. This place is as good as it gets. There's a bit of a wait but trust me, its completely worth it. While you wait, you can watch them grill the meats and roll burritos like machines. I came here and got the super carne asada burrito. They don't skimp on anything! Plenty of avocado, cheese, meat, and all that good stuff. I love that everything was seasoned and there wasn't too much rice. It was the perfect balance. My first bite into my burrito was seriously a foodgasm. The staff are super friendly and even gave us complimentary chips. They also have pretty bomb salsas especially the green one which I took plenty of containers home. I definitely wanted to finish my burrito even though I felt like bursting. It was that good. The only problem with this place is that it's very narrow and not a lot of seating so have your friends scout out tables while you get their orders!Overall, love this place. Would absolutely come here every time I'm in the area.
Must try! It's easy to see why this place has so many good reviews. It's easy, fun and cheap. Do yourself a favor and make your way down here.Best Mexican I have ever sampled
The food is very good, worth to wait, the rest room...uh...if you are a girl, use it only if you have to.
My friend took me to this dingy place when I told her I was in need of Mexican food. I ordered the burrito with steak and carnitas, and I devoured so quickly because 1) I was extremely hungry and 2) it was so heavenly. It's probably one of the sketchiest looking place I've been to. Definitely would be nice if they renovated the sign or put in some nice seating - but regardless the food was great and I was pleased.
Great food
Having been raised in San Diego, I consider myself decently equipped to recognize good Mexican food :) El Farolito is legit. Cheap, fast, and delicious. The carne asada burrito, chicken tacos, and quesadillas are fantastic. Go hungry, leave happy!
SUPER CARNE ASADA BURRITO. You are the man of my carnivorous dreams.I've packed on a few extra pounds, but i would do it again in a heartbeat.
Thank god there are places like this open at 3am after a long night of drinking and karaoke. Otherwise I think I might have hurled.I had a great carne asada burrito - the kind you can only get in the mission in SF (believe me, I've looked elsewhere). Everyone else devoured what they were eating - burritos, rice bowls, nachos, etc.Don't forget - cash only - but everything's so cheap that's hardly a bother.
This is consistently the best mission style burrito in SF that has stood the test of time.
One of my favorite Mexican places in the city and its not just for staying open late for those late night munchies. My favorite is the carne asada burrito or half carne asada and half shrimp with the spinach tortilla my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I've also had the super quesadilla which is also a great option but not enough to soak up all the alcohol after the club. Be warned after 2am this is where everyone goes to cure that hangover in the morning!
I had the Chicken with everything in it Borrito. I am from out of town so, I read that Chipotle, Qdoba, and the others all got their start from this area.Yelpers said this is the best on Mission, and it was good. I faulted it only because it was loaded with certain ingredients like sour cream on one side of the borrito. It being cash only gave it a certain local feeling.
PRO TIP: When visiting El Farolito drunk and late at night per usual, buy an extra burrito to go. Leave that behemoth on the oven range back at home, and write a note to yourself as follows:"Dear hungover me,You're welcome.-Drunk me"Don't forget the salsa.
Mmmm green sauce....Arguably the most popular Mexican joint in the Mission, El Farolito never fails to satisfy my cravings. On a nice sunny day I love to pop in, grab a burrito, and walk on over to Dolores Park to enjoy my tortilla wrapped treasure.The burritos here are heavy. Half of one and I'm satisfied, though I always tend to get overly ambitious and attempt to eat the second half. Burrito coma.Carne Asada here is pretty good, though I've had better elsewhere. But the overall burrito experience is still heavenly. Take out the beans (too starchy for me) and add some of that delicious green sauce on top, and I'm one happy camper. I've attempted to try the al pastor here to compare it to the al pastor over at Taqueria Cancun (my favorite), but the one time I ordered it they messed up and accidentally gave me carne asada instead. :( Alas, perhaps another time.Fun Fact: This is Kaskade's favorite burrito place :) I'm always hoping to spot him when I'm in the area...
Burritos are pretty good but there are two many flies in the place. It will help if they can clean up the place more often.
These morons let my Super Nachos sit for five minutes while a dude took an order on the phone, then stocked knives and had a conversation with his workers laughing. I stood there watching my nachos get cold just looking and being patient. Then the guy serving the food decided he better get back to work after at least ten plus orders just stayed stacked up and stayed stagnant on the line. He was looking around for the next one to serve, which was me, I was #18 and he had already called #19 and #20 before he went to fill the knives for five minutes. I said "I think I am next, those are my nachos dude." Nicely. This DUDE gets an attitude with me and says "What did you call me? I am not a dude, don't call me dude." I just looked at him like I don;t care my nachos are getting cold. He took his sweet time putting in the knives and I got my nachos another two minutes later because he was obviously now trying to make me more upset. I also ordered my nachos with very very light beans and got giant heap of them on my nachos.Here is the thing. Customer is always right. I don't care. I do not want excuses. In fact I'd be more happy without them. Just get me my food hot and correct and I will be happy. These cocky rude self serving morons need to understand that serving HOT food is what matters. Not your knives no one uses anyway. WHY DO YOU HAVE KNIVES? WHO USES KNIVES FOR BURRITOS AND NACHOS? NOOOOOOOOBODDDYYYYY!!!! Serve the food when it is ready. Screw to-go orders. Screw your knives. Give me my food and don't let it sit out for over five minutes. So DUMB! Don't make me feel unwelcome in your restaurant for things you obviously struggle with and can't pull it together. It was barely busy. These Taqueria's are getting cocky and rude because they think they are invincible. Well when rent goes up to a million dollars a month you won't have my sympathy. Get over yourself and make the customer experience better. That is literally all that matters. Now I have to eat these cold nachos with refried beans. FML you morons.Oh they are super soggy too. Thanks a-holes!
Best burrito so far in San Francisco! I haven't had a chance to try anything else but the burrito was the best I've had in the mission.
I'm looking for a burrito fix. I asked my Mexican coworker if we could go to the nearest Taco Bell. He slaps me upside the head and drags me to BART. Get off in the Mission. And there it is El Farralito. Place is packed. With locals. That's a good sign. Hard workers assembling the food. I order a super burrito. It is huge. And very tasty. On point. But I'm sure the beans are made pure lard because I know how I feel after. So comatose. Not a good idea when you have to go back to work doing accounting stuff haha.I suspect this place would be a mighty nice stop after a drunken night. Good ish.
They have big ass burrito. That's the only good thing I can say about this place. I am gonna go on a limb here and say that everyone who gave this place more than 3 stars has too be super high or super drunk. The carnitas, rice, beans, and lengua were bland as heck. It's watered down Mexican for the masses. Don't trust the hype and skip this disappointment of a burrito joint.
Real deal mexican food.Done the right way.
If you like a good burrito, Try El Farolito. It's really neato.All ingredients are fresh and tasty. Much history here. This is the place to feed your face. If you show up late late night, the sideshow of inebriated patrons, will add entertainment to your meal at no additional charge.US Mexican food (and Chipoltle Chain) was born out of the immigrants in the Mission District. Come down to Mexican food Mecca and see for yourself!
Don't believe the hype, you can do better. Pollo was dry and flavorless. Chips were from a food supply box. Tortillas were store bought. I'm all for dives, but the restaurant smelled like wet, sweat socks. Avoid the tourists and hipsters. Go to Taqueria Guadalajara instead.
The burritos do not disappoint! They re juicy and well made. I had the carne Asada but heard good things about the shrimp and meat. The wrap wasn't too soggy and the flavors inside the burrito were PERFECT. Small, no frills place but enough for me. I only stopped by due to recommendations but I would recommend it myself as well.
Cheap, greasy, open-late, and humongous portions of anything.I only come here when I'm drunk, and it's great every time! :D I love the Torta, but the burrito is also quite popular and legit.
One of the best burritos I've had. Super steak burrito with cheese, avocado, and loads of super tender steak all for less than $10 is incredible. I was somewhat hesitant about getting the steak, given that some Mexican restaurant's steak can be a little tough and chewy; however their steak was perfectly cooked and so moist and tender. The place is a total dive, which adds to the authentic ambiance. It's set right in the poor Mission area, so some might be moderately uncomfortable-- but you shouldn't be. You'll likely be begged for money, but that's it. Despite the snaking line, service is pretty fast and efficient. They also seemed friendly enough to me. I highly recommend this for a solid burrito at an excellent price.
I stop by here whenever I am in the mission! The Burrito here is one of the best in San Francisco. There is always a long line here, regardless of when I go. I always get the Super Vegetarian Burrito with extra Avocado. As a vegetarian, I like to have more veggie goodness in it than just rice, beans, cream and cheese, and they seem to put less avocado, so I think it tastes better with extra. I have yet to try the Boss Burrito, heard its rally good!
Delicious burritos! Long line, but always worth the wait. I always remember to come in, when I carry cash. Yep thats the only downside, no credit cards.
A simple but perfect burrito. Nothing special in terms of types of ingredients but the difference is the freshness. None of the lettuce is wilted but fresh and crispy. The avocados look they have just been peeled. The rice is perfectly cooked and piping hot. And on top of all that, you get a huge burrito for anywhere from 550-675. Get the al pastor - best there is per my carnivore partner.
Cheap, great, huge burritos. It was even good cold the next day. Open late. Yes, it smells kind of like urine out front, but who cares when the food is this great. I can only imagine how amazing this food must be after a long night of drinking.
I'm from LA...I'm sorry SF but you have to bring it a little more than this. It was good. The meat was good. Okay, I think I have to blame this one date for the 3 stars. First of all, I figured since he was Mexican, he knew his burritos. I mean, I know my samosas. And then he told me how when he eats these burritos from El Farolito that he dies and comes back to life and then takes another bite and dies again....then he said how he's just in heaven and how he has conversations with Jesus and went on and on and on...I was like WOW...I wanna talk to Jesus too! So maybe it was just a little hyped up. Anyway, the burrito was aiite...next time, I'll do what everyone else does and try and come a little tipsy beforehand.
Authentic Mexican, but Chipotle tastes better :)And the lines here are constant and can take 30m waiting for the order.Not very clean.
Good.. Cheap.. Wish there was better seating and it wasn't so crowded.
Man oh man ...... Now this place is really one for the books. After so much talk and hype over this place I had to give it a try. My friends and I went here for lunch last Wednesday and boy was the food here delicious. We each got a burrito, ranging between $5 and $7, depending on if there was any meat. I got the spinach super burrito with carne asada and Mexican chorizo. OMG... Literally writing about this is making me drool :) I have to say this is the best burrito I have ever tried and I eat Mexican food quite often. Even though it's not really close by to my home I will for sure be coming back here for one of these amazing babies!!!
The best Mexican food in the Bay area. The vegetarian options are plenty. I really like the super veggie burrito, the super veggie quesadilla and the chile relleno plate and burrito. It's really cheap, portions are large and the service is quick, very quick if you take into account the long line. They usually have a line from 10 to 20 people, but it does not take more than 15 minutes from the moment you get in line until you get your food.This is how much I like them. Yesterday, I had breakfast, lunch and dinner there. Cons: The eating area is crammed and often packed with hipsters.
The epitome of the hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint. Unpretentious location in the Mission that's a block or so off the uber-gentrified Valencia Street strip. The inside is the same deal, very bare-bones and cafeteria-esque. They cook food here and that's pretty much it. And they can definitely cook some food, that's for damn sure. The carne asada super burrito is amazing and the prices are very reasonable with most of the menu under $10. Just a fair warning, it's CASH ONLY so stop by an ATM before ordering.
I was visiting San Francisco for a weekend, and I was strongly encouraged to go here. After many restaurants and bars, we finally made our way over here for our last meal before we hopped onto a plane back to NY. Hot diggity dog, I'm so glad we did! I was instructed to go grab a super burrito, super nachos, and a super quesadilla. Instead I got a super burrito with shrimp, a super burrito with cabesas (cow head meat), and the super nachos. My sister worried this would not be enough food for 3 people, this place proved her very wrong.The best words to describe the explosion of flavor in my mouth are way too graphic to use on Yelp, so the best I can do is AMAZE-BALLS. I ate and ate and ate until I could no longer eat anymore, and I'm pretty sure my group did as well. We threw in the white flag with most of the plate of super nachos left, and some extra scraps of tortilla and beans from the burritos. I'm actually glad this place isn't near where I live because I'd put on some heavy duty weight. Everything tasted soooo fresh and there were entire slices of avocado! I wouldn't be surprised if there was an entire avocado for each dish we ordered. There was a giant piece of shrimp in every bite, and the cabesa meat was so melt-in-your-mouth tender. It was like a perfect fusion of tortilla, beans, rice, meat, sauce, avocado, and whatever kind of crack they put into their food. The place seemed super authentic because they call out the order number in Spanish before English...and there was a guy playing some guitar as we ate. Most of the clientele seemed to be Spanish-speaking so that's always a great sign when eating ethnic foods. And at $6.25 per super burrito and nachos, and $9.95 for the shrimp super burrito, this was super cheap and a great deal. Every bite after I was already stuffed brought a tear to my eye because I knew it had to end soon =,,''(Unfortunately, my sister got food poisoning, most likely from the salsa station as that was the only thing she ate differently. And you know what? I don't care, they still deserve 5 stars! It tasted great, it came out fast, it was authentic, and I'm not the one who got food poisoning so it's a win in my book. As you can tell, I'm the best little brother anyone can ask for, and also a huge fan of El Farolito.
Called in for a late night burrito after the Warriors game. Great food full of flavour. So thankful I was recommended this by a friend.
Super Quesadilla Suiza w/ carne asada 8/10 (large soft flour tortilla w/ cheese, avocado, sour cream, and fresh salsa) Delicious, i tried it without salsa and it was still good. Next time I'm going to try it with the salsaSuper Burrito w/ shrimp (flour tortilla prepared w/ rice, beans, fresh tomato, onion, cilantro, salsa, cheese, sour cream, and avocado) 9/10 Best burrito I've had in forever.the Horchata, was very cinnamony, but goodCrispy Taco w/ carne asada 5/10 was plain
Bomb.com . I remember eating burritos from here years ago when I lived in the city . Nothing has changed . The burritos are huge & taste delicious. I literally was in heaven with every bite. I Can't wait to go back. I'm excited just thinking about it. I ordered 2 super burritos one pastor and the other asada . Both were great but the pastor was amazing. I also ordered a couple tacos. They were fat . Tons of meat & flavor. LOVE IT !
Wow! The burrito at this place is tasty. Looked it up at first and supposably this is the best burrito spot in San Francisco and right I know I have to say that it's making a strong case for that title. I got there at around 2 pm right after the lunch rush and there wasn't a line hopefully people get lucky because I hear this place gets lines out of the door.
Ooey gooey cheese, marinated and tender carne asada grilled to perfection, velvety sour cream, fresh guacomole. Easy ingredients, simple idea, complex to describe how much it hits the spot. In short, come here! From my friends, they are known for their green salsa (located at the back, complimentary) and it is apparently renowned by chefs around San Francisco. Although I believe it and it is delicious, this is as quotable as Wikipedia in the 90s. I also appreciate Daniel L's review of La Corneta Taqueria which can be seen here: yelp.com/biz/la-corneta-On the plus side for La Corneta Taqueria, Go there to watch the game and get a Michelada (beer with tomato juice cocktail - there's is fantastic) or their Organic Sangria. !Siiiiiiii vamos!
My instant pick-me-up, my #1 comfort food, my hangover cure, my treat-yo-self meal. I live far from the Mission, but I will go the distance for this SF gem. Say the words "El Far--" and I'll shout "LET'S GO" as I grab your hand and sprint towards 24th. I usually get the super burrito. It's the closest thing to a perfect burrito I've ever experienced, and I am *extremely selective* about my burrito adoration. I had the Super Carnitas yesterday and I legit wanted to marry it. The people who work there are always super pleasant and I always leave with warm fuzzies. I honestly cannot get enough. Intoxicated, sober, hungover, hangry--El Farolito is the ultimate cure and answer to all of your problems, if only for a moment.
We hit up El Farolito after an early AM world cup game and were not disappointed. A pastor super burrito filled us up for under $10. This was a better burrito than Taqueria Cancun in my opinion, but not by much. This is a dry burrito, versus the wet variety at Cancun. I suppose it all depends on your style. You won't be disappointed here though. The salsa bar is an added plus as well!
This is a hole in the wall, no frills place. If you're looking for fine dining this ain't yo place. It's right to the point, good food and good times. They do not take credit cards so bring your cash.
When i need to fulfill my burrito craving... I like to go to EL Farolito. They magically stuff these burritos with tons and tons of deliciousness.... one would not believe how these burrito magicians accomplish this task. After a night of drinking and partying... coming to this spot is a must. Be prepared because there can be lines! El Farolito is no secret in the city.
I personally think this place totally lives up to the hype, but I must admit that I've never actually had an El Farolito burrito sober before. So, take my opinion with a grain of salt. Despite the long lines late at night, this is definitely in my top burrito spots in the Mission. Or really in all of San Francisco.
Honestly, there isn't a better steak burrito out there. I finally got around to trying this place a few weeks ago, and I have been twice since. Tried the super burrito with steak both times, and writing about it right now is making me drool a bit.Pros:- THE FOOD. SERIOUSLY, THE FOOD.Cons:- Cramped restaurant... That is usually full of drunk hipsters- Always a line... But honestly, who cares? This place is legendary and rightfully so. It's a slice of heaven, seriously. Don't listen to the haters here, this place IS totally life-changing. Yum. Best burritos in SF - no question about it!
Nothing can beat SoCal Mexican food. My tastebuds have been spoiled. Kinda reminds me of King Taco/El Taurino in LA... late-night Mexican joint in the Mission. But the flavors just aren't the same! I ordered the Carne Asada and Al Pastor tacos. They were good, but not impressive. I guess I'm talking about the hot sauce.It's good enough to fulfill your authentic Mexican food craving. For any SoCal folks, let's just say that you won't leave feeling 100% satisfied, but it's better than nothing at all.
Perhaps I need to come back after a night of clubbing, but El Farolito didn't quite hit the mark especially after being on my list for years. Items included carne asada both in super burrito form and quesadilla suiza.The burrito came with pinto beans by default and these were very much mediocre. The steak itself was reasonably well charred and seasoned, but none of the ingredients tasted particularly fresh and after a couple bites...nothing stood out. Summarily, it was a run-of-the-mill burrito and a pricy one at that at nearly $7.Thankfully, the quesadilla was nicely done and worth ordering again. Head to head, however, I'd much rather take La Victoria (also lovingly known as La Vic's) in SJ as their burritos and quesadillas are vastly superior even without any hint of "orange sauce". Even the hidden gem in San Leandro that is Taqueria El Gordo blows this place away...for less money.On the upside, the staff are great and very friendly in this divey joint.Who knows...maybe the folks here try harder during the late night rush?
The carnitas burrito was the size of my head. It was not quite the best burrito I've ever had (maybe some more salsas at the bar, or more even distribution of cheese, would have put it over the top), but it was great.
Crowded little place--- my bestie loved his quesadilla, which was very cheesy and gooey, but we had to pay extra for sour cream to go with it (really?). My other bestie got the super burrito and it was huge, the size of a Chihuahua or something. She was only able to eat about half of it, but we polished it off while sharing. We did get carne asade super nachos, which was an enormous portion but the meat was weird. Some pieces were delicious, others were really chewy and tough and stringy. But it had tons of refried beans and avocado and sour cream so we had plenty to eat. Just wish the meat hadn't been so sketchy. But the food was really good overall and reasonably priced, tons for your money.
This place is delicious! Ordered the super shrimp quesadilla suiza and a fajita dinner plate with both cabeza and lengua. They have another location on Grand Ave in SSF but it's not nearly as good as this place. I seriously have no complaints here. It hits the spot for cheap comfort Mexican food. The rice was nice and fluffy, meats were juicy and tender especially the Cabeza. Shrimps were pretty plump and had a nice "crunch", use avocado slices vs guacamole and portions were not skimpy at all. Yes it's pretty ghetto in here and surrounding area so I would do take out and get my grub on at home. Damn I just wish there was an El Farolito in the sunset area!
Carne Asada Burrito was nothing short of flavor, meat, sour cream, and everything else that goes into that burrito. Burritos were huge and my friend said I wouldn't be able to finish it. Whatever, challenge accepted and I finished it. But I was sure full for a while. The orders went by super quick, and by the time people get their orders people who were sitting and eating were leaving.We got there around 1:30 and by the time we left, a long line started forming. Everyone who was out in the area obviously made their way here afterwards.
solid spot for late night cravings! Super burritos and tacos are DELICIOUS. Agua frescss are refreshing and not overly sweet. Free tortilla chips and salsa to start. Protips:- it gets busy so be prepared to grab the first seat you can find- ask for mixes of meat if you can't decide on one, no additional charge!- Cash only
Would be difficult to exceed my expectations after all the rave reviews on here. This place is really great, though maybe not the best Mexican food I've ever had. The prices aren't especially cheap, but you do get quite a lot for your money.
i always end up here when i'm in the mood for a burrito. that's probably more times than one would think, but seriously if i ate a burrito each time i wanted one, i would balloon five times the size i am now, so i gotta have self control. i'm always down for the super al pastor, but wanna try more of the other stuff.
Had a grilled chicken super burrito. You get a big burrito for the little amount of money you pay and that's always a plus. The available sauces are on point, the green sauce is delicious. I usually would take to go because the restaurant isn't that nice for sitting and dining.
4 words.CHILE RELLENOS SUPER BURRITOTop it with their spicy green salsa and BAM. You have the most delicious case of heartburn ever.
Food 9/10Customer Service 8.5/10Comfort 8/10Price Value 9/10Overall 9/10This place has go to be the best burritos hand down in San Francisco. The carne Asada burritos NEVER fail to amaze me with its well balanced and variety filled ingredients that they provide at such a low cost. Burritos range from $6-8 dollar per, but that is average and this is the place that's BANG for the buck. Open late hours and located on the busy Mission Street, this place is a MUST try. Recommended for kids, families, friends, drunk people =0
Bland carnitas super burrito. Maybe I had the wrong thing, but I've found much better Mexican burritos in the South Bay especially at a 4.5 star Yelp rating like this place has. Carnitas should be crispy but not dry and crunchy - this carnitas was more like the crunchless moist blah stuff Chipotle serves. Maybe I should have had carne asada.Verdict: El Farfrom 4.5 stars
I love these al pastor tacos!! The complimentary salsas are so flavorful as well. Just look at that gorgeous color! They can be pretty messy when you drown them with salsa but so so worth it. Any trip near the mission makes me think of these tacos... Mmmm
Do not bring your guest here.It is very noisy, at least someone always shouting the numbers at you. And of course it takes a 'long' time for you to get ready. Every time I came here they either confused my number or give me the wrong food.I am waiting for my order...[Edited]I have my food after 25 mins. Somebody took my order again and brought it without saying sorry. Seriously?
At first I was turned off by the long line awaiting me as I entered the restaurant. Later on, I found out that the line was only a compliment to the quality of food offered before me. My family and I ordered burritos, chips, and a carne asada combo. Though the wait was somewhat tedious, it was worth it, because once we sunk our mouths into the food we couldn't believe how succulent each and every bite was. Every time we ate a piece of our respective foods, we wanted more and more until our stomachs couldn't handle it anymore. Yeah, it was that good. I highly recommend this place to any lover of Mexican food in general. I would have given the venue 5 stars, if the inside was cleaner. Overall, I was highly satisfied with my experience there.
Came here with 2 friends after hiking the whole day without eating anything so we were all really hungry. The first thing I noticed was the long line and I was scared I'd be waiting in the cold, with an empty stomach for at least 15 minutes. Luckily the line went by pretty fast and ended it ended up being only a 5-10 minute wait. I ordered the Carne Asada super burrito and my friends both ordered the steak and shrimp burritos. It may just be the fact that I haven't eaten all day but overall I can say that the burritos were both pretty good. For the price we were paying we got huge burritos that filled me up for the rest of the night. I always order a carne asada burrito when I try a new mexican place so comparing it to others, I'd have to say it was good but nothing out of the ordinary. It's a good place to go if you're really hungry and need a meal to last you the rest of the day.
I don't see what the big deal is here. I am not even sure why I am writing a review since it's gonna be lost in the sea of 2000+ reviews they have. This place is cash only and the line was out the door in a shady area.I only gave it one plus star because of the times its opened which is SUPER late at night. We ordered their famous super carne asada burrito and it was mediocre.. nothing special and because I was super excited to try this place out... I literally ordered one of each taco... and didn't particularly liked one over the other, I def. did NOT like the pork one even though I love love love pork... so sad :( the salsa was pretty decent though so I just decided to drown all my tacos in it. :'( again.Overall, it's a good if you're drunk but not worth the hike all the way to the inner mission just for sub-par Mexican food. Oh and it's cheap and there's barely any seating.
Heard that Esquire magazine raved about this place for having the best burrito in America. So I had to try it!Came here around 1:30am on a Friday. Long line but it went quick. I got the carnitas super burrito and was able to try my bf's shrimp ceviche which he thought was really good.My carnitas super burrito was good but I felt it was missing something. Something saucy. It was a bit dry to be honest. It had sour cream, cheese, avocado, rice and beans. Luckily, there were big pots of self serve salsa. There was a red salsa which was okay and a green salsa which I absolutely LOVED. It was fresh, not really spicy and went perfectly with their burrito. I think if it wasn't for the green sauce this place would only be getting a 3 star rating. It doesn't get 5 stars maybe because I had high expectations for the "Best Burrito in America" but it was still pretty good. I still believe there is a better burrito out there. I have tasted better carnitas before. Theirs kind of lacked some flavor after comparing the meat to other burrito places. Maybe I just need to try the other meats. But if you're looking for something to eat late night this place is perfect and very filling.
The chicken super burrito was tremendous. Solid size and tasted amazing. Gotta try the free green salsa that they give you.
Went back for my obligatory el farolito visit on my last trip to SF. Had the super suiza with half cabeza half al pastor meats. My first time ordering the suiza, its basically the most loaded up quesadilla ever. The difference between suiza and burrito is subbing out the rice and beans in the burrito for massive amounts of cheese. I only finished 1 of 2 pieces that come with thr order, drench with some green sauce and a horchata. what else do you need, must try!
Many have said it, and I'll repeat it... I don't think it lived up to my expectations. I've heard from many that this is the best mexican food in the city and I don't think it is.I will say, I got the super burrito and thought it was quite delicious. Service was fast... we were in and out quickly. But there isn't an option for black beans, which I prefer. Also I've had so many amazing burritos in the city, that this one just didn't blow me away! It's fun to watch them roll the burritos though, they are serious pros. I will be back to try something different on the menu for sure!
Maybe I've gotten old, and lost my edge, and I'm not "cool" anymore... but ya, this place is rough. Too much rice + beans, there's too much gristle in the meats, certainly the back half of the restaurant smells like the bathroom, and the street folk kinda make you question your car's safety while you're there.If I gotta do a burrito, the meats, the guacamole/avacado, and the overall experience is better up at Cancn. I also still have a special place in my heart for La Altena... But, I'm over the lil' lighthouse. It was fun while it lasted...
Was El Farlito that orgasmic, other-worldly burrito experience I had heard so much about?No.Did El Farlito provide a pretty darn good burrito that made my night? Yes. Absolutely. 100 percent.Considering El Farlito's 2,500-plus reviews and four and a half stars, there is a ton of hype for this hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant in San Francisco's Mission district. And I'm using "hole-in-the-wall" in the most loving and affectionate way possible.I was a little taken aback when my party and I first arrived. Some of the garbage cans in the restaurant were overflowing; there were only a dozen or so booths to sit at, and the place doesn't take credit cards.But there is a reason why El Farlito has such a following.I got the carne asada burrito, which is a lot like a Qdoba burrito but 1000 times better. The meat was flavorful, along with the rest of the fillings. It was larger than Qdoba's burritos yet I ate every morsel. I worry that this place is over-hyped -- that if I had just walked off the street into this establishment and gotten a burrito I would have been happily stunned into a delicious food coma. But then again, I probably wouldn't have discovered this place if not for the hype. I suppose that's how it goes sometimes.
Amazing food! Gets busy....busy place=good food!Love it!
My girlfriend and I were in a fight. She brought me a super burrito from here and after taking 1 bite, I completely forgot what I was mad about. This is easily the best burrito I've ever had. Just thinking about it makes me forget what I'm writing about. Anyway this dry cleaner burned my clothes. Not going back.
Nights out in the Mission are never complete without a stop at El Farolito. With a line snaking out the door, lively conversation, and people in various levels of inebriation, you know you've found the only afterparty that matters. No one cares that you had one drink too many, or that you're stuffing your face silly at some ungodly hour because they're all doing the same thing. And you know what? You couldn't have picked a better place. El Farolito is the grandaddy of all burritos. I'm talking size -- these babies are huge. I have yet to finish one on my own. I'm talking flavor - ayayay that carne asada! And the sesos! And the salsa! I'm talking everything else -- all its ingredients are well-proportioned so you get a little bit of everything coming together for that perfect bite. I always get a half-carne asada, half-sesos (brain) super burrito so I get that extra creamy texture from the sesos, sour cream, avocado, and cheese. Muy muy bien! It's not the cleanest looking place, but I only have eyes for that burrito. Bite after glorious bite, you see nothing, you hear nothing, you feel nothing but love for this sublime foil-wrapped beauty. Welcome to the burrito big leagues, baby!
Mark W.'s review below is spot on. I too decided to check out this place based on the 538 burrito competition, and it was about on par with burritos I've had in West LA, and nothing compared to East LA. Actually, I think I had a better burrito in Palo Alto the other day.It's not a bad burrito, don't get me wrong, there's just nothing special about it. I think the high number of stellar reviews can be attributed to the fact that the reviewers are drunk when they eat here.Beyond the mediocrity of the burrito, the salsa is bland and comes in mild or mild. The chips are the type of yellow corn tortilla chips you can buy for $1 at the grocery store, and they cost extra.I also couldn't help but notice the distinct smell of urine as I entered. That probably didn't help set the tone for this place.
A lot of restaurants these days pay attention more to the quality of the setting and not the food quality. El Farolito's attention to food quality is top notch and they don't skim on the fillings! Though El Farolito has the environment setting similar to my high school cafeteria line, the quality of the food is spectacular. I brought my friend there today for the first time and we waited in line for about 2 minutes and was able to order. I like that. We ordered our food to go and got our food 3 minutes. We wanted it to go to because the restaurant was hustling and bustling with customers and there were not enough seating. Who could blame them though? El Farolito is pretty damn popular. I give it five points for deliciousness, fast service, and convenient location (close to Bart).
Had high hopes for this place, wound up very underwhelmed. Can't stand up to your basic corner taco shop in San Diego. Super burrito is massive as promised, decent construction. Carne asada was cooked well, but under-seasoned. Chicken taco was almost inedible. Chicken had no flavor and was so soggy it caused the tortilla to fall apart (we ate there, did not carry away).
I don't understand the hype about this place. I got the Super Burrito with Carne Asada and it's as basic as it gets. On top of that I had to wait in line for 30 min., pay cash only and wait another 15 min. for my food in a very small and crowded space. Forget about actually trying to find a place to sit inside.
I DREAM about El Farolito, seriously, which is annoying because I wake up with my pillow covered in drool. Proud New Yawker here, and before this place, no cities in the US ever gave me food envy (plant your finger anywhere on a map of Italy though and it's a different story), but darnit El Farolito changed that. My go-to is the Al Pastor, either in torta or quesadilla form. And I go to TOWN on that self-serve salsa bar, filling those little plastic containers feels like foreplay to me. Everything they serve is so flavorful that I really shouldn't use any salsa, but I can't help it, the green sauce in particular must have crack in it.This is often my first stop from the airport, and because of the huge portions I've many a time rearranged the hotel minibar so I can save the leftovers. Yes I know it's cheap and I could just return, but that's not the point- it would be SACRILEGE to waste food this good. Once my hotel room had no fridge, so I woke up early the next morning and ate the cold, mushy but STILL AWESOME torta in bed. Come hungry, bring cash, and prepare to be humbled into admitting that the SF transplants have been correct all along in saying the best Mexican food in the US is right, precisely, here.
This is the first burrito I ever had in the Bay Area and it is still my favorite. It's GIANT and it can and will feed you for days. To me, this is the platonic form of Mission burrito. It is what all other burritos strive to be but ultimately cannot achieve. I usually get the steak but I'm sure they're all good. The horchata is good too.
Really nice people. Food is mediocre at best. Not starting a war because I am from Phoenix... But pretty much every taco shop in So Cal or Tucson is better than this place. I can't believe line was out the door for mediocre at best food. We had carne asada, lengua and cabeza tacos. Lengua was REAL good.
They actually have surprisingly good carne asada burritos here. The best part is watching them cook it right in front of you while you wait in line... The worst part is watching them cook it right in front of you while you wait in line...Burrito shop, good for sober folk, great for drunk folk. So if you want it to be great, be drunk. TAH DAH!
Taqueria El farolito is right smack in the heart of the mission district it's right next to 24th & mission Bart station.There's not one day this place is not packed with people, there are times in a day where lines are out the door with people waiting to order most of the time late nights I've noticed, and you could be waiting 10-15 minutes on your order depending on how the orders are coming in.The menu is simple and basic. Since I've started going to el farolito I've tried burritos and they are delicious, the tacos are awesome, the quesadillas are filling and the platters are fulling. I've tried burrito with chicken con todo and they pack the burrito with rice, beans, avocado sour cream all that good stuff. The tacos always comes with 2 tacos shells filled with your meat of choice weather it's chicken, carne asada, barbacoa, and with cilantro & onions and lime, my favorite are the chicken tacos. The quesadillas para dos (for two people) I tried the carne asada comes with cheese, sour cream, avocado and its huge I wouldn't say it's for 2 more like for 3 people and you have a choice of flour or corn tortillas. There is also a salsa bar where you can get salsa verde and salsa Rojo mild or hot, I love the salsa verde here. Im pleased every time I eat the food from here you get a lot of bang for your buck.My down sides to this place in my opinion is the amount of homeless people coming in and hanging out side the door and the cleanliness of the place can someone sweep the floors please? Btw come with cash because they only accept cash, and if cash is needed there is a atm on site But other then that this is that hole in the wall spot , This is one of the best taquerias around.
Though very small, and line out the door the food proves to be simple, hearty and authentic. I really only give the place 3 stars because there really isn't anywhere to sit or stand. Thinking that to go would be faster, I was proved wrong--and awkwardly waited for the food :)Otherwise great place to get some tacos for a resonance price,
Good spot for late night drunk food, but nothing spectacular. I guess I was expecting more with all the great yelp reviews. I enjoyed my chorizo tacos but they weren't even close to being the best I've had. This place is a bit of a clusterfuck. It was super crowded and hard to find an open table. When your food is ready, they call your number...or should, at least. I guess they sometimes forget about your food. After they'd called for multiple people who had arrived after me, I had to go ask for my food. Sure enough, it was just sitting out and the dude had forgotten to call my number. Bottom line: don't go here sober.
El Farolito (or Fart-a-lot-o as some like to call it) is a world-class divey Mexican joint. The food is authentic, greasy, and totally delicious while the decor is not a focus. Super burritos are off the charts and the salsas are top-notch. It is open late.
This place is always amazing. Late night it gets kinda crazy, which is entirely understandable because it is one of the only viable options at 230 am. It is really hard to find good, quality mexican food, But I have found it here. Did I mention this place is always amazing?
The best Mexican food i had in the states so far. This is real, people. I had a super burrito even the yelp existed and i couldn't forget the taste and fulfillment i had. I never had a chance to go back but when i went there again for En Chiladas about a week ago, it was still had its authenticity. I really enjoyed their food.But if u wanna impress somebody, this is not the place though. This is a food haven for the people who loves the real food!And oh, horchata is my favorite.!
It doesn't matter what your order because it will knock your socks off. Best place in the mission, San Francisco and voted best burrito in the US!
Waaaaay better than La Taqueria! Not worth trying that new place :/ sticking to the original El Farolito! Meat, price, and everything else is just better! And the self-serve salsa bar is just the best :) So much more worth it and I think I'll continue to come back here!
#LOML Get the prawn super burrito. Just do it.I have been to El Farolito so many times now, and it never feels like enough. Sweet baby Jesus. I am from Texas, and I would give up every single burrito in Texas just to have a bite of that super prawn burrito. I tend to gravitate toward the gorgeous SPB, but I have tried others' super carne asada burritos, which are also delicious. El Farolito could never let me down.The people who think El Farolito is only good when you're drunk are wrong. I love El Farolito at all hours of the day and at a wide range of BAC levels. Every time I take the BART, I have to do everything I can to stop myself from running off at 24th St. Mission to El Farolito.
The Epitome of Mission Burritos. Highly recommended late at night and to elicit the feeling of authenticity, that being in the mission isn't culturally and economically homogeneous just yet.
Ok they have the best carne asada burritos.On a side note, I went to El Farolito Soccer Bar for the Mexico vs. Holland game. When Mexico scores you can be assured beer will get all over your hair and clothes. It sucked that Mexico lost but big shout out to Yuri who led on all the cheers and atmosphere...
Is this the most visibly dirty place that I've ever eaten?Yes.Was this the best burrito that I have ever eaten?Yes.We ordered the super shrimp burrito with carne asada.No burrito will ever compare. EVER.That's all you need to know.
We ordered a super burrito to share and it was so GOOD!! It's a big burrito if you are very hungry this is THE spot!! Definitely come back here again next time :)!! Oh yeah the drink is so good!!!
Finally tried this place and was not impressed AT ALL. Very dirty with all sorts of characters walking in and asking people for money. One guy had his pants completely open. Should've walked out then but I felt compelled to try b/c of everyone raving about this place. Tried the burrito - got it to go - and was not impressed. Maybe cause I kept thinking about the unsanitary nature of the place and naturally of the food therein. Tossed the burrito after a 3 bites and showered. At least I'm only out 8 bucks. One yelper wrote not a good place for a germaphobe. Wish I read it before cause I second her statement.
I honestly really like their burritos. I'm no burrito connoisseur but this place is definitely better than chipotle at about the same / less. They give you this huge thing that's the size of your forearm and you get to customize it too. Don't like cilantro? That's fine! Don't want sour cream? It's ok! They got it. I've gotten this twice and each time had to save it for a second meal. And it was still good as the second meal. It's flavorful, meat is tender and salsas are hot hot hot. Maybe when I'm more used to the sf culture and patroned more burrito establishments my opinion would change but for now el farolito holds that special place in my heart for greasy burritos
Had the carne asada burrito and it was pretty bomb. Great place to check out in the city for a good quality burrito. It was pretty big so I got two meals out of that one burrito. My cousin got the shrimp and steak burrito and he ate it in one sitting! So bomb!
I never understood the hype about this place, but my boyfriend wanted a vegetarian burrito. We waited in line for 20 minutes (I waited outside because of the crazy intense meat smells, as is typical). While waiting for BART, I took the first bite of his burrito to discover a copious amount of dry chicken meat in the burrito. It was like a holocaust happening in my mouth, and there was nothing I could do to get the taste out of my mouth for the entire ride home. How hard is it to throw some precooked veggies into a tortilla and wrap it up? Apparently quite challenging for some.
As far as mexican food goes, I don't understand the craze. Maybe it's because I ate quesadillas for every meal for 3 days straight when I was a kid, but I'm slowly pushing myself to enjoy tortillas once again. No lie, 2500+ reviews with an average of 4.5 stars is incredible! In addition, it's also open until 3:30am so how could i possibly overlook this place. My first impression upon driving by this place (to find parking) is that I must be in the wrong place; the streets were a little sketchy and there were a few bars located here and there. Honestly, this wasn't how I was planning on ending my Friday night. Anyways, after finding parking a little down the block, I make my way towards the bright yellow sign that say 'El Farolito'.Similar to my first impression, I swear I was in the wrong place. The restaurant itself looked super cramped; the seating area and the counter were literally an arms-length away.There was a decent line ahead of us when we got there, but this gave us ample time to look at the menu. I wasn't sure what I wanted at the time so as always, I turned to yelp. To my surprise, at least 5 of my friends have written a review here and I pretty much trust their recommendations.**Cash Only**After the cashier gave me my number, me and my friends quickly grabbed the last table before someone else could. While waiting, I needed to wash my hands since I ended up ordering a carne asada super burrito. First of all, the bathroom area was so weird; it pretty much felt like I entered a cave that had sinks built into the walls. Even better, you have to open this huge metal door to enter the bathroom.Anyways, our orders were finally brought to us by one of the staff that literally paced the restaurant shouting orders #'s. No lie, my super burrito was HUGE. Quantity is one thing, but what I'm really looking for is quality. Let me tell you, I literally ate dinner 2 hours before I came here and my first few bites were still delicious despite not being hungry. El Farolito can easily be considered my #1 burrito spot in NorCal. Overall, the location is a little sketchy, the ambiance is pathetic, the service is alright, but the food is amazing & cheap! Great place to go if you're having the late night munchies.
Finally was able to try the original El Farolito on the Mission.I frequent the El Farolito on SSF, and the food at both locations taste practically the same. Pretty much all my views about the food carry over from that review, so I'll keep my review on the food short.Great location, just off 24th and Mission, so this place is super accessible. I imagine parking to be a bit harder, since parking in SF is always pretty bad, and my friend had to park a few blocks down.This place is cash only, so be prepared. There's a Wells Fargo two blocks down on the Mission, and BOFA one block down.My only real issue is how cramped the place feels. I can imagine this place getting busy, so it may be an interesting experience getting in and out.Overall, over 2000 reviews speaks for itself. This place is a classic.
If you're heading to San Francisco, you definitely need to visit El Farolito in the ethnic Mission District. The food is very authentic and tastes delicious! It gives you a real sense of Mexican food that usually gets diluted in many other restaurants. I recommend the alambres plate! So filling and it doesn't make a dent in your wallet.Only problem is that they don't accept credit cards.
Whenever we come here there's always a line and there's a reason why there shit is good.+ Super Suiza Quesadilla is what we always good+ Prices are reasonable although they have gone up a little+ Sizes of dishes are huge so you will definitely leave full+ Ok selection of Salsa & Frescas+ Open Late so you can get your midnight cravings on Nom nom NOM!- Small hole in the wall can be hard to find seats if busy- Not the cleanest place but hey it's the Mission!- No surprise but $$CASH$$ Only!
Some of the best mexican food in SF which happens to be very limited in good mexican food
I came here on a nice sunshine Sunday morning, probably around 10:30 and there was no line at all. There were lots of seats at that time so if you get up early, don't worry about the line or any long wait. Food: I got a carne asada super burrito and it's huge. The flavor... well... it's just OK to me. I have had other better burritos so I am not a fan of el farolito. The rice and beans inside the burrito tasted kinda bland. Carne asada tasted OK but not too special.
The super burrito could have fed me and probably my dog for a week, but I ate it all in one sitting, because it was just that delicious. I'm only in SF for the weekend, and I'm now trying to figure out when I can fit in another visit to El Farolito for a late night burrito. I might get two...
I love Farlitos! Unlimited pico de gallo and if you know me, you know I love pico de gallo! This is one of my favorite spots to go to for a burrito when I'm in the city and craving a burrito.
Great burrito!
This is my first time to this location. I usually go to the one in South San Francisco. Ok, I've had a few bites of the Super Quesadilla....It's awesome!! Maybe slightly better than their South San Francisco location.....I like the way they heat all of the ingredients together, unlike the way I make them at home. At home, I only heat the tortilla and the queso, then I add the sour cream and avocado and whatever else I add after it's cooked already.
Like the thousands of other reviews say, this is some excellent Mexican food. We had the Carne Asada Super Burrito and the Al Pastor Torta Mexicana. Both were delicious. The burrito was exceptionally neat for such a huge burrito filled with so much stuff, which was a nice surprise. The torta was also awesome, which was basically the burrito in sandwich form.Since it seemed to be the norm judging by looking at what almost everyone else was doing, we got the chips to eat while we waited for the food since they were only 50 cents. They were decent, but nothing great. Maybe if they were hot or if the salsa was better they would be worth eating, but I wouldn't waste myself on them.I would suggest coming during the day to avoid the long lines of annoying drunk white people late at night, as well as the sketchiness of the neighborhood after dark. Pretty sure I heard gunshots on the way to Mitchell's ice cream after eating here the other night.
A staple for SF mexican food!
The hype is so real.Short and sweet: Carne Asada super burrito -- super compact and weighs a ton. Best bang for your buck. Must get. Con: food-coma inducing. Do not eat the night before your midterm (guilty but no regrets).Tacos -- so not worth it. 2.25$ for one. But they are good.Quesadilla -- Amazing, heavy, and hits the spot. Not as good price-wise and size-wise as the super burritoSauces are amazing and self-serve. Grab a million. Eating will be messy. Prepare yourself and your stomach.
Came here drawn by the 2000+ Reviews with the 4.5 star average. (I DON'T GET IT!?!?!)Place was packed, and we were lucky to snag a FRICKIN' FILTHY BOOTH. We had to go up and grab napkins and push the garbage from the previous table to the side.My test of a taqueria is to "go for the guts" no, not your standard carne asada, tripas(beef intestine) so we ordered two of those and patiently waited in the dirtiest taqueria I've ever been to. Wifey got up to use the restroom and came right back out- it was that bad! Rubbish all over the floor and none of the employees cared to clean the tables or the floor the entire time we were there, place also smelled like dirty mop water and started to give me the heebie-jeebies....Got our tacos, ate them as fast as we could(They were pretty solid!) and got the F out!...ALOHA!!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(240/365) "Clean Much!?!?"
Quesadillas and burrito were huge and amazing. Each will feed 2 people easy. Visited at 0100, so the crowd was drunk, but friendly.
Burritos are huge, Carne Asada is seasoned and delicious, prices are affordable. Gets five stars because this place is opened until 2:30 which is perfect for after a drunken run in The City. Get a burrito to go and tear it up when you wake up!One thing I don't like is that it is always so crowded and busy that the workers don't have time enough to clean, place is messy most of the time. You have to squeeze past ppl to place your order and get your food and get out! Kinda fire hazardyIf you can get over that, this place is bomb
One of my favorite place to grab burrito and quesadilla :), always busy and most of the time the line is very long, but worth the wait. I usually order togo because the place is very small and always packed, you have to wait to get a table.
Best crunchy carnitas tacos ever. Comes with sour cream and lettuce, and you really don't need more than that because the meat itself is so flavorful. We also had the soft carne asada tacos which were seasoned perfectly as well. No surprise. A homeless guy showed us his ass, but you know what? That's fine. I came for the taco meat, and this is a necessary evil for all hole in the walls in the middle of the Mission. Everything is DELICIOUS. I demand that come here now. It's some of the best carnitas I've had in the Bay Area.
Absolutely amazing. Everything is humongous and very flavorful and filling. Both the quesadilla and burritos pack a punch and side jalapenos are nice. This place really deserves a larger location as the space between the line and side entrance tables are very tight but there is nice private space beyond the cashier. Best latino food I've ever had.
First time coming here, I decided that I had to try more than one meat so I went with a carne asada burrito and shared some carnitas nachos with a friend. As far as the burrito is concerned it was absolutely amazing! Probably in the top 2 as far as burritos I've ever had. The carne asada, guac and everything else was so well executed not to mention the price is really affordable. With regards to the nachos, I'm not sure if it was because I just had a burrito and was already full, but it didn't really impress me too much. I like my carnitas to have a little bit of a crust to it and theirs did not have that. I'd say this was a 4.5 with the carnitas bringing it down the half point, but the Carne Asada burrito definitely warrants rounding up.
Since moving to SF in January 2014 my fiance and I must have eaten at El Farolito at least 10 times. The price, speed, and taste just can't be beat. This is my favorite quick meal in the city.The burritos pulled me in, but I personally enjoy getting the hard tacos more often now. When my fiance and I go to eat here we usually get a Super burrito and 3 crispy tacos to share; all carne asada. So best of both worlds for me.Though I'm not a fan when the mariachi band comes in since it gets super loud and I can't have a conversation anymore. On occasion the front door has smelled like urine...but, regardless, the price and taste just keep bringing me back.
The best burrito around. Lots of choices in meat and a bang for your buck. Burrito was nice and packed but really really filling. I got lengua, and it was delicious. Really solidly cooked, not too overdone, and I gulped it up quick.AND this was a review for a regular dinner. El Farolito isn't just a late night haven.
It's possible all Mexican food in California so far exceeds New York's that my rating skews high for the region, but oh well twas DELICIOUS. The crispy intestine taco was amazing and the copious amounts of meat are well appreciated. I loved the complimentary salsas; they were all great and complex without trying too hard.
Heading to the birthday bash of two friends just a couple of blocks away, I was famished, almost borderline stark raving hungry, as I was heading up from the 24th & Mission BART station. That is when I happened upon El Farolito. Having never been there, it still rang a distant bell in my head and I remembered why: almost every other two-and-a-half yelper seemed to swear by it. With an empty stomach and a wallet that wasn't all that either, I homed in on the hallowed grounds. With a fairly long but fast moving line along the kitchen counter separated by glass panes I made my way towards the cash counter. I decided on three grilled-chicken tacos, an aguas fresca(s?), and an optional basket of chips for two quarters. Unfortunately they don't have camarones or pescado tacos even though they have quite a few shrimp entrees. *sad face*The tacos arrived soon enough; the tortillas were bigger than the usual taco truck servings, and came with pretty generous mounds of chicken on them. The tacos were pretty good, but based on just the three chicken tacos and chips&salsa I had, I think El Farolito is on this side of overrated. The chicken was tasty and so were the salsa but I have been to two taco trucks that tasted way better than this.I would hop in from time to time should I pass through but I wouldn't make a bee line for it.And by the way, I have no idea why the "Yelpy Insight" seems to suggest that vegetarian will like this place. I don't think so!!!
Went with coworkers on a weekday for lunch and it was busy but still able to get a table quickly. I am not a burrito expert but from what I can tell - it's pretty gooooood. Ate the super burrito with carne asada and avocado. Had half and then the rest the next day and it was still delicious.
Went at 2AM and the quality was just as good as opening, love this place and its vibes.
My coworker recommended this place & it was the best decision ever to listen to her!! I ordered the following for my boyfriend and I for pick up:Super Carne Asada burrito - Filled with amazing flavors. Everything just blends so well in the mouth. I was so happy with the first bite. The next bite after was just continuously glorious!Al pastor taco- This is my boyfriend's favorite. The marinated pork is delicious and they're so generous with the meat & ingredients!Tripas taco- I loveee crunchy tripas! The taco had a mix of crunchy and chewy kind of of tripas and it was a nice mix. Something different but I definitely enjoyed it! Horchata- I'm not the biggest fan but my boyfriend was delighted and very happy with every sip so that's good in my books! * The pricing is amazing * The proportions are large & will fill you up and even have more for the next day!I would give this place 4.5 stars, the -0.5 being even after we called ahead of time, we still had to wait an additional 30 minutes for our food. It was only a burrito and 2 tacos so I didn't think it should've taken that long on top of pre ordering but it tasted so amazing that I'm willing to overlook it!
I wanna give it a 4.5. We should be allowed to do half points. This place is a hole in wall, small, fast paced, deliciousness. We actually passed it and entered their BAR area and were awfully confused. When we made it to the restaurant we ordered quick and ate quick. I had the crispy taco and a soft taco both with chicken. My wife has the Suiza with chips. We both ordered one Modela and paid a total of $16 for our meals. Which is cheap as shit. Cheap food sucks? Not here. Damn near the best tacos I've had. Honestly. Crispy tacos were great. Not hard or sharp but hard enough to hold the good and break apart. I'd come back.
So I came here after hearing about how amazing the food is and it's a place I need to go to. Well, I was kind of disappointed. The price point and portions are great, but the food is just average. I had a steak burrito and I wasn't that impressed. Yes it's authentic, but I've definitely had better. Maybe I'll try something different if I go back?
The tacos and the quesadilla suiza are the greatest thing known to man. In fact it doesn't even look like a quesadilla. Its some kind of glorious burrito, but you'll still get what you want from it either way. The only reason why this place doesn't get a perfect score is because its one of the hot spots that everyone goes to so the line is insane every day at almost every time. Best go around late afternoons.Almost everything is cheap on the menu for what you get, so if you're willing to wait 15-20 minutes or so you'll be glad you did.
Wow.Came in on a Thursday around 3, wait wasn't too long, ordered the Asada Super Burrito and was blown away!First of all, the burrito is HUGE so you get a lot of bang for your buck (I believe it was about $6.75) and of course it tasted delicious!I also recommend the sauce bar at the end of the line. The green sauce que ricoSmall dining area though but take your food for a walk down the mission or to Dolores!
I would definitely would have given it a 5 star rating but can't because of the inconsistency. I have had their super burrito so many times that I started getting burned out and a friend highly recommended I try their torta. I am so glad they did because it was a life changing experience. I came back for the torta several weeks later only to wonder with aghast what the hell happened. It was bland and nothing stood out. Sure, it is not a big deal because their prices are fair but with all the great spots to eat in the area; I completely regretted this experience and would much rather had a burrito at Taqueria Cancn.
A Mexican restaurant in SF that has over 2000 reviews? I had to check it out and see what this place is about. I came here with a friend at night for a late night snack and as we drove closer and closer to the place, it got more sketchy so it seemed a little creepy. People just walk across the streets when they are drunk and are super careless. I would just be super careful around there.The wait was super long and shot out the door. It was about a 30 minute wait and as you get closer to ordering, you can see the people make their massive burritos. You will notice a lot of drunk people here who need something to munch on after going out since this place opens super late. Their quesadillas looked so legit but I had my heart set out on the carne asada burrito with avocado. They pretty much use half an avocado for each burrito which is pretty legit. THE BURRITO IS HUGEEEE. I only had 1/4 of it and I was super full. I couldnt even taste the avocado because there was so much stuff in the burrito that distracted me. This place is a pretty good place to get your burrito. I wouldnt say its the best out there but still really good, especially if you need hangover food.**TIPS**1) Carne asada burrito is hugeee. You can easily split with another person.2) Be wary. This is kinda in the sketchy part of the city.3) Enjoy!
I definitely will be coming back for great tasting, cheap Mexican food. The line moved relatively fast for being out the door and I got to see the cooks fry up the meat. I ordered two burritos (regular al pastor and regular carne asada burrito) and from reading the reviews, expected them to be massive. They were just standard size and I ate both in one sitting. My girlfriend got the carnitas super burrito and it wasn't much bigger - we shared a carne asada taco which was pretty good. I've eaten at the El Farolitos in Oakland and it did not even compare to this location. Bomb dot com.
Ate the shrimp burrito Saturday afternoon on December 6th, 2014. It was the only thing I ate that day as we all know one burrito from El Farolito is a 3 meal deal. Had the most violent food poisoning of my life starting that night - almost went to the ER the next morning. Still can't eat anything but saltines as of Tuesday AM, but at least the poison is out. So much for my review... When you go, you may want to skip the shrimp. To El Farolito, please work on keeping your seafood safe for your customers. You don't want too many reviews like this...
Sooo delicious! Best Mexican food I've tried in San Francisco. What I've tried so far- carne asada tacos: they are extremely generous with their meat, very tasty and filling.- super carne asada burrito: this is amazing, a must!- horchata: Best I've had in years!!Definitely coming back for more goodness!Would have rated it 5 stars if they had more options for salsa.
It can be really dirty in there. And the health review that I had time to read while waiting in line was alarming. The staff exhibited "no understanding of food safety" because "although the meat was put in the meat refrigerator, it was NOT PLUGGED IN." Watching the line cooks whip up the food at robot speed is really fun, but the people in line with you at 2 in the morning to get a burrito can be scary (yes I'm a judgmental wimp). The no-meat burrito I got was really good and salty, but the dirtiness of the place and the health notice are hard to put out of mind.
lengua nachos were bland, chips were mushy. some of the veggies looked like they were canned, not fresh.burrito was good, but not OMG. there was just not much texture in the ingredients. just was a glob of goo. quesadilla looked better. this is one of those places that is riding on more Yelp popularity than actual good food. you've been warn about the hype
Came here after a night of drinking, and it gets the job done.The place was super ghetto but there was a crazy line. Cash only, so come prepared. The burritos were huge, and super cheap. I'd recommend taking it to go though, because the place is dirty as hell. We sat down at the tables to wait and there was dirt and food particles everywhere. Taste-wise, it was pretty good, but when you live in LA and went to college in SD, your standards are a bit higher. I think people in SF just don't have that many good Mexican food joints (the guy behind us in line drove all the way from Oakland just for this!!), so it's all relative, right?Pros: huge portions, very cheap, good taste, not too long of a waitCons: the place is super gross, and cash only
This is one of my top five Mexican places I love everything here the only bad part is that there always packed so Dnt come here if ur in a hurry lol but the food is well worth the wait tacos are huge and burritos are the best
Great prices, excellent food, and huge a$$ pieces of avocado with the nachos. Sometimes I go to SF just for this place.They also made the #1 seed on 538's Search for America's Best Burrito in one of the four regions. Not a big deal or anything. fivethirtyeight.com/feat
First off, this taqueria is cash only! But it's so yummy. Went with a friend and we ordered chicken and carne asada tacos. Very authentic taste to them and very flavorful.
El Farolito. If you're going, skip the burrito and order the Super Quesadilla. This quesadilla is what keeps it on "the list" of tacquerias in the Mission, in my opinion. Chips are weak. Salsas are OK. Get ready for a long line, and probably the most uncomfortable and cramped dining experience if you choose to eat-in. If you get it to go, I hope you live nearby. El Farolito is on one of the livelier corners at Mission and 24th, and you'll probably find yourself willingly or unwillingly engaged in more than one aimless and one-sided conversation.
Probably not the place if your watching your calories.. There is a reason why this place always has a long line. A choice of three different salsa for you to try. Perfect to help prevent hangover
Solid burrito. I can see why people love it: It's huge and it's cheap. The chips there are not good, though. Go to La Taqueria, Taqueria San Jose, Pancho Villa Taqueria or El Gran Taco Loco instead.
Yes!! Burrito heaven. Salsas to die for. One time I took their chicken & cheese filled burrito back with me to Boston on a 6 hour flight. And I still ate it. It's that good.
This place definitely lived up to the hype. I like my burritos simple. Juicy and tasty Carne asada meat with a good salsa. Wait time was quick for a place that busy and service was very good for a take out place. The guy brings the food to your table and they cut the limes for u on request. Def will be coming back.
This place is by far the BEST burrito I've had at 2 am. The line gets pretty long but it worth the wait. There were about 20 ppl in front of me when I got there.. ten minutes later and VOILA! I was already devouring my plate.. and yes it was very tasty too!
Burritos are okay, but what's keep me coming back is the Super Quesadilla Suiza. It really is enormous and comes loaded with avocado, meat, cheese, sour cream, and salsa. Carnitas seems popular here, although I found it a tad bit dry. I am, however, a big fan of the chorizo. Self-serve salsas are pretty good too.The best part is that it's open until 2:30 a.m. on week nights and 3:30 a.m. on weekends. If I'm every commuting from Berkeley to Palo Alto in the middle of the night, I know where to stop. Otherwise, I'm not sure I'd come.
This isn't one of those late night places where the food is absolutely delicious because you're drunk. I just ate here sober and can say that it is still absolutely delicious. If you haven't been here, u must. Try anything with carne asada.
ATTENTION TOURISTS and SF visitors : it seems most of the reviews of this disgusting place are from people who searched for a high rated place . It's a shame that El Farolito is the place you see as representative of the Mission Street taquerias as it's one of the dirtiest most disgusting Mexican taquerias in the Mission.  Yes it may be better than your taco shops back home , but we have far better in SF then this place.SF has so much better to offer , but you understandably wouldn't know that by reading these reviews or if you haven't sampled the alternatives . Try Los coyotes or Pancho Villa on 16th street and Mission instead , they are open late. And you can take Bart. if you have a car , and it's earlier, venture to south San Francisco to LA MORENA or LA TAPATIA. Both are 1000x better then el Farolito .
We were in the neighborhood and my friend had heard good things about this place, so we decided to try it. Random Note: I should probably mention that we came here immediately following the SF street food festival which I was quite full from. But I tend to push the limits of my stomach when it comes to trying new and potentially good food. Given my body's conditional state at that time, I may have rated this place lower than I would have if I was actually hungry...but anyways, on to the rest of the review.Ordered a super suiza quesadilla with the grilled chicken which was pretty good. The chicken was tender and I was pleased that it came with avocado. Anything with avocado gets automatic bonus points in my book. It was a tad bit on the salty side for me though. Portions are quite large. I'll probably be back to try some more of the menu, hopefully I'll have a bigger appetite next time.Restrooms here are tricky. It took us awhile to figure out that you had to be buzzed in. I stood in front of the bathroom door for a good chunk of time pulling at the handle thinking am I completely incompetent?! (I JUST saw someone go in and come out...I probably look like a fricken idiot right now.) Finally, when I was about to just give up, someone at the counter buzzed the door.
So, the burrito weighs about 5lbs. It was excellent. This place was very highly rated and it was good. The odd thing about it was that the flavor was completely familiar to my pallet. Almost home-cooking if you are of mexican descent/mexican-American. The super burrito costed $6.75 and I split it with my wife. It was plenty. Make sure you have a butt-load of change for the meters to park. Also, this place is a cash-only operation. This food is the real authentic mexican-American deal.
Delicious and cheap tacos and burritos. Line gets a little long around dinner time and 2AM, but definitely worth stopping in when you can.
best burritos in SF!!! too bad it's a very small place or else i'd sit down and eat here more often.
This is one of those late night spots that attracts not quite sober patrons. For good reason. Their super quesadilla with carne asada is so flavorful, full of meat/avocado/cheese and comes with great red and green sauces. It's not for the faint of heart - it's a huge quesadilla split in 2 - but definitely worth the venture into mission if you're not in the area. Cash only
Meh. Greasiest burritos in SF. their tastes good but is going to kill you. Lots of heartburn. Meat quality is Costco quality, no good. The food doesn't taste bad. It's just extremely unhealthy and low quality ingredients that are going to affect your health.
You got to be hungry, drunk or starving to entertain the thought to say the burritos are good.
A few nights ago, a burrito changed my life. And maybe not for the better.I come from Kansas City, an area that has more than it's fair share of fantastic mom and pop Mexican joints. I can survive on burritos and street tacos, but now that I've dined at El Farolito I fear my home town go-tos are going to lose some of their luster.A carnitas burrito as big as your forearm is the ideal way to end an evening of heavy drinking, and judging by the crowd I'm not the only one that feels this way. I enjoyed my Mexican binge with drag queens, gang bangers, suits and everything in between. This is an experience I would love no matter what, but the fact that this is a bomb-ass burrito makes it 5 stars all the way. There is something about the tortillas used here, how they are crisp and slightly charred and amazing. From my first bite to my last, this was a burrito experience that I knew would live on in memory. And that's no small feat, considering the drinks that were consumed before.Get here. Now.
Overrated. Burritos here aren't bad by any means, but it wasn't anywhere close to the hype level surrounding it. I don't need to say it because anyone who walks in here can see that it's not the cleanest. The portion sizes are huge though. I would come by again only if I'm in the area. Otherwise, I'll pass.
Best Mexican food I've had in the bay. When coming up to this place, you would be a little weary of the quality of the food (with the hole in the wall sign and look). Once you get inside, you know that this is the real stuff. We got the super nachos, burritos, and tacos. All were delicious. I think the carne asada was the best, but the carne Al pastor wasn't bad, as well. I hear parking can be a pain during peak hours, so be prepared.I really can't say much more... Except go...you won't be disappointed.
so delicious! Its more like a 4.5 but closer to 5 than 4... so 5 it is! Tried the carne asada burrito and some carne asada tacos both were some of the best in the city-- the burrito, was definitely my favorite. Each bite just had the perfect combination of beans, rice, meat, and not too much sour cream.Their salsas are pretty good too (not amazing but none was subpar). subtract half a point for the store bought chips and the only 'ok' salsa selection... c'mon guys, a bit more authentic chips!The horchata (rice drink) was the best i've had in a loooong time; not just in the bay area.The tacos tasted good as well but oddly enough I think they put way too much meat in them (never thought I would say that!). But i'd much rather use all that meat for like 3-4 tacos (seriously-- the most meat I've ever seen on a taco, 'specially when that taco is 2.50!)So far the best mexican food I've tasted in the city-- must go to this place.Beware, its quite popular so you may have to wait a bit longer than you expected at a taqueria but your mouth will thank you later for being patient.
I had high expectations for a burrito that got rated "Life-Changing" by Esquire magazine, but I wasn't sure if I'd be the best judge (as I originate from the East Coast which is sadly desolate of good Mexican food). I decided to take a friend of mine from the West Coast there to get a second opinion and we ordered two burritos. The service was relatively quick - you get a number when you order and pay, you wait around 5 minutes, and then they give a monster burrito. It is huge - I'm pretty sure if you ordered two, you could take it to the gym to do some reps. The tortillas are really good, the ingredients are fresh, the salsa bar is a nice added touch, and the people are really friendly. I only ate around half of it and it tasted just as good the next day, so it is really a great place. The burrito is so dense that I was holding it up, moved my hands to gesture, and it stood up on its own due to its density.
Cannot believe that I haven't tried this place until last weekend. SUCH A STEAL! I religiously only order quesadillas at mexican restaurants and I'm so glad I did! I barely glanced at the menu as I was super-stalking a booth for my friend and I to sit in. Also since I'm a huge fan of La Vic's carne asada quesadilla, I thought nothing could surpass my love for one of my San Jose favorites. However, this place did just that. It was HUGE and filled to the brim with sour cream, cheese and guacamole. Not to mention that they have a variety of sauces for your chips! Did I also mention that you can get TWO quesadillas for only $3 more! HOLY moly, what a steal! Since it was my friend's first time as well, he opted for a burrito and it was ginormous! But better beware and eat fast or else someone will be over your shoulder eyeing your food and your booth!
best burrito, hands down. the place is open late, prices are reasonable, and the contents are delish! last time i went i had the carnitas. it was pretty good, but i think i liked the pastor better. the carne asada was also pretty flavorful. will have to come back and try a few more options.
Went with Knauffy! We got there right before there was a line out the door like 7:30 on a Wednesday. The place was packed! But we got a table. They only take cash. I got the super quesadilla with carnitas and it was SO GOOD! It was huge...saved the second half for lunch the next day... Kelly got the super burrito and it was ginormous but she said it was delicious!!!!Chips were sub-par and there were no mild salsas...Definitely a good spot to go to for cheap delicious mission mexican food but I highly suggest taking it to go!
What's better than eating a burrito gut bomb at El Farolito at 2am? Eating one just hours before a full day of travelling. In order to avoid TMI, let's not talk gastrointestinal distress and instead focus on the reality of El F. 1. It's just like any taqueria you see on the street. Nothing special except for the smells wafting out of it.2, order quick and cash only. They're not into small talk.3. go to the bathroom before you go there. There's is an adventure only aptly described as horrifying.4. Take a jacket. The back area is warm like the arctic.5. Order the quesadillas. They're damn delicious. I almost liked them better than the burrito.6. Don't expect to want to eat for days.El F -- I dug ya but I'm still not convinced that the California burrito is the best one out there.
When the drunks get hungry, the hungry goes to El Farolito. This taqueria has become the top of its class amongst the late night Mexican joints in the Mission. The go-to choice for all the intoxicated and easily the most popular joint up and down the Mission for its crave-worthy Mexican food, presented in the most greasiest and gluttonous glory, is a sight to behold. Truth is, you don't have to be drunk to appreciate El Farolito. You just have to be hungry. Really hungry.Meaning "The Little Lantern" in Spanish, this tiny place lights up the corner of 24th and Mission, and can command a crowd that lines up from the moment it opens till the wee hours of the morning. People say El Farolito is cheap, but it's really on par price wise with its taqueria vecinos (neighbors). Prices have steadily gone up to as much as $11 for a special shrimp burrito ($10.95 la combination super con camerones), but for the most part a decent meal can be had for under $10.El Farolito is the essence of Mission style Mexican cuisine. Hearty portions, giant size worthy items (i.e. super), with a heart clogging heaping of sour cream, avocado, and salsa, with just about every item. Super burritos make regular burritos look silly, as do super quesadillas, and super nachos compared to their normal sized selves. Mexican food lovers be they purist or glutton, owe it to themselves to try this interesting regional variety of the cuisine.The late night hour is the most popular one, which for all intents and purposes is essentially the rush hour of drunk food. Tables are small and availability is limited. With a little luck and patience, people eventually find a seat, since most meals are consumed about as easily as they're assembled. The air of grease is no mistake and for many worshipers of this establishment is the perfect ambient odor to dine in.My personal advice when coming here? Don't hold back. That carnitas burrito platter that you love but are too afraid to order? Get it. Fear the subsequent gas from the super platter of nachos? Eat it any way. I promise it will be delicious. Coming here to eat a taco salad is practically an insult to the folks who have sacrificed their well being just to eat here for a hot minute. Get the special burrito I mentioned earlier, which has the makings of a carnitas burrito, stuffed with egg, shrimp that pan fried in butter, to produce one of the most amazing burritos that even a Biggest Loser contestant would kill for. Folks who are into the alternative animal parts have their pick of sesos (brains), cabezas (head meat), even ojos (eyes) on occasion. And trust me when I say *all of it* is fantastic.Drunks instinctively know this is the king of all late night junk food; the kind that subdues the inebriation and stimulates the taste buds; the one thing that many people in SF look forward to any night of the week when the city goes dark. Anyone who has had the pleasure of eating here is certain to miss it the moment they leave town.
If you're looking for quick awesome food in the Mission look no further. This place is always slammed and for good reason. I've been eating here a half a dozen times a year for the last few years. Their beef tongue burrito is my go to but all the food I've had from there has been good. I used to never be a fan of Mexican food outside of So Cal or AZ but I love this place. .
Best burrito and tacos in the world. Hands down. There is no other way to describe it. I know people who travel at least 40 mine just to get food from here ( and do nothing else in the city). I took one of my friends here and he cried after tasting the most life changing burrito in the world. And he doesn't cry easily, so it's saying something. My personal favorites are the carne asada regular tacos and the super shrimp and carne asada burrito. Good amount of food and will FILL you up. Excellent salsas that's you can add to your food. Their corn tortilla chips have a great taste.
Good Mexican food, not great. Cleanliness.....poor but works. I'd give them more stars if they made their own chips and didn't buy them in bulk from Costco or Walmart. In my opinion, all Mexican restaurants should make their own chips and salsa. Doesn't anyone watch Chef Ramsey anymore!? And if you're looking for menudo on the weekends, not all these restaurants serve it. Only a few "el farrolito's" serve menudo. Be sure to call ahead of time if you're craving hangover soup.
El Farolito is decent and affordable but not worth the drive out to the Mission. Came out to try El Farolito on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. Metered parking was easy to find on the side streets and less than three minute walk from El Farolito. When I got there the line was short and the lunch rush was over. I ordered quickly and found a great seat right in front of the water and salsa bar. For lunch I got two pollo tacos and a carne asada super burrito. I love me some great taco truck $1.25 tacos, so for $2.25 I expected this taco to be amazing; I am paying $1 more. Nope. Hot boiled chicken on top of two tortillas. At least the burrito was more flavorful and filling. Nothing too memorable about the super burrito or meat. Noteworthy features of the super burrito: Even distribution throughout the burrito was a huge plus, so I never got a mouthful of only beans. Cheese was completely melted and gooey, which I really appreciated. El Farolito is a fast lunch spot but still not the answer to my taco dreams.
why does this place have high yelp scores? drunk people at 2am needing food. If you want shitty attitude, food that will give you a stomach ache, and rarely cleaned interior, this is your spot.
Carne Asada was really really good here, but 4 stars for the intense smell of urine coming in the door from all the nearby homeless.
many visitsI cant believe i have no review for El Farolito yet...So far this place is my favorite San Francisco burrito spot. we also get the same - carne asada super burrito to go!Sometimes a line out the door but the line goes pretty fast, worth the wait!the burrito is Big enough for two meals and always good!
When you hear, "YOU'VE NEVER BEEN TO ______?!?", that's a sign that the establishment is either:a) overrated, or b) freaking amazingThat's what my co-worker said to me when I told her I had never been to El Farolito before. Luckily it turns out that this place falls under the "freaking amazing" category. Popped over into the Mission to this hole-in-the-wall and tried their Al Pastor Super Burrito (my barometer item). The meat was tender and packed with savory goodness. I was getting full towards the end, but ended up polishing it off in one sitting because I couldn't bring myself to stop. Can't wait to come back and try the other meat options (Carne Asada, I'm looking at you). Best burrito I've ever had in SF and it's not even close.Random: Apparently, El Farolito is Kaskade-approved too. He instagrammed himself there the day after we went lol.
Holly crap! The line is out the door, I order super burrito for $6.80 and within less than 5 min!!! It is ready. F-ing impressive. Cash only.So that I had the burrito it was not very good, I ordered fried pork which I normally do, I get chicken so I can't relay compare but it was just ok
My favorite Mexican place in San Francisco tradicional real Mexican food with good prices and the best service on the bay area strongly recommend this place so next time your on the area check it out!
Very good and heavy Burrito ! I garantee you won't be hungry after that. The service is really good, people a really nice. However the place is really small and not so comfortable, that's why I don't rate it 5 stars. You'd better take away
My go-to spot for food especially after work or late night Mission outings.. I can't think of anything more comforting than a super burrito or super suiza with lengua (yes, lengua). Plus the price is right and super close to my BART stop!
Carne Asada Super Burrito! Get it....The inside of this taqueria is trash, but I see this as a good thing. A line out the door despite the less than desirable accommodations signify the quality of food. Best burrito I have had is SF so far.
This place is a MUST in the mission. Hands down the best Mexican food I've had. From their burritos to their tortas it's amazing. Only downfall is that they only accept cash & they don't seem to have an ATM inside the restaurant so be prepared. Also the restaurant itself is very small so finding a table can be somewhat tough but people are usually nice & offer their table once they're done. There's a few other El Farolito locations but this one is the original one. Ps don't get discouraged with the wait line, it's worth it in the end.
One of my favorite taquerias.I get the super burrito with chicken. What makes it are the fresh slices of avocado, the cheesiness, and the quality/texture (crunchy chunks, not shredded) of the chicken.Would recommend.
So cheap so good!!!!!! Got 2 tacos, carne asada & al pastor, for under $3. They don't skimp on the meat, so I was surprisingly full after only 1 taco and couldn't finish both. Definitely worth the price. It's a small place and pretty busy, but the food comes quickly enough. Ca$h only.
Pardon, me, but this place is a dump, the food just is just okay, and El Farolito is muy overrated. EF proves that people are sheep, that is, they just want to wait on the longest line, cause all those other people must know what they're doing, right?My girl had nachos, which were truly gross, and I had tacos that were just another taco. Normally I would give this place 3 stars, but the worn formica vibe, cramped quarters, and almost 5 star hype prompted me to downgrade it to 2.There have got to be better tacos in this town!
I've tried 2 burritos from here.The first try was a veggie super burrito. It was okay. It's been quite a while since I had it so I've lost the details but I remember feeling pretty "meh" about it overall. It definitely wasn't something I would ever go out of my way to get again. I heard a ton of hype from multiple people about how amazing that place is so I questioned that maybe I'd gotten the wrong thing or went on the wrong day. I set plans to return then finally did...This time I got a carne asada super burrito.I was just as unimpressed as last time. It tasted like it was missing something, and I feel like there was way too much meat on mine and not enough of any other ingredients. The carne asada was quite tasty, but it just wasn't balanced as a burrito.I'm not sure if I just missed the "right time" to go or once again didn't order the "right thing"? But I'm not planning to return unless it's on someone else's wallet.
I had the opportunity to try El Farolito sans late night alcohol-blurred eyes. They're good (and definitely seem sanitary--they have a window through which you can observe how everything is made; the guy manning the grill cleans it with clean white towels quite frequently). However, they're just not my glass of horchata.The most noteworthy thing I tried was the cabeza. One of the peeps I came with ordered the quesadilla suiza with cabeza. It was super tender!I ordered the quesadilla suiza with al pastor, and it was uber rich. Perhaps overly rich. My favorite part about it was the bits of fresh avocado.My brother tried chicken tacos. One hard shell, one corn tortilla. Pass. The chicken seemed stringy and I didn't like the seasoning.A communal order: nachos with al pastor. don't let the chips get soggy. The toppings are excessive, so you can always order more chips (for an extra fee) or use them to top whatever you order.Random side note: I saw an older Korean couple eating here (chicken fajitas and some sort of enchilada). I don't know how they found out about it, but if there's an older Korean couple eating at a Mexican restaurant (amidst the hipsters and actual Mexicans), I can confidently say that the food here has mass appeal.
While on vacation in SF, I coaxed my friends to come down to the mission district just to try this place. Just have to say that this place is muy excellente! I love their savory tacos and the burritos have a good proportion of meat to rice (not too much rice). It's right next to the BART train station and easy to get to via the muni bus. I have to give props to them for making a mean steak taco. You can really taste the beef. Just significantly better than what I have had so far in NYC. This place gets 0 points for decor but hey, it's very affordable and tasty. If you eat in, they even have a guy bring you the food when it's ready. Treat yourself here. You won't be disappointed.
Possibly the best burrito place in the city. The place is kind of grungy though, so don't go expecting a clean, proper restaurant environment. It's best to take to go.
There's good, and then there's sublime. There's delicious, and then there's transcendent. There are burritos, and then there's El Farolito.I found out about this place after watching Eddie Huang's Fresh Off The Boat on Youtube. He was right about this place being the best burrito joint in San Francisco.I had the carne asada burrito everything on it plus hot sauce. I also ordered the strawberry aguas fresca. Everything was absolutely perfect. This burrito elevates the gastronomic experience to a new level. The flavors are bursting but not overpowering. Subtle. And life changing.There are only a few foods that have changed my life. El Farolito tops the list. Jeni's Ice Cream is a close second. I happened to have a massive canker sore while eating this majestic Mexican meal, and it was indeed painful. But painful in a beautiful way. The pain was almost necessary to 1. ground me in reality while experiencing nirvana and 2. as a balancing karmic force as NO ONE deserves to eat something as delicious as an El Farolito burrito.El Farolito is one of the biggest reasons I'm going to be coming back to the Bay Area ASAP.
The veggie burrito was really good and the flavor of the rice was great! This place however is SUPER packed and we didn't even have anywhere to sit. Its a good sized burrito for 6 bucks but I had nowhere to sit to actually enjoy it. There isnt even seating outside, so good luck finding a place to eat!oh and also--NO FREE CHIPS / NO MARGARITAS?!?! Whaaaa
A burrito place in San Francisco with 4 and a half stars on over 2,000 reviews. That's a must-visit, right?I visited and was profoundly disappointed. I ordered a super burrito al pastor and a chorizo taco. Both were amongst the worst I've had in California or elsewhere. The pork in the al pastor was grey and lifeless - the marination didn't do whatever trick it was supposed to. Also, the burrito was swimming in sour cream. If the pork didn't turn me off, the half cup of this stuff would've.The taco didn't fare much better. The chorizo was dry and the corn tortillas were also dry, to the point of crumbling.Overall, the experience was a sad one. How did Yelp get El Faroljto so wrong?
Great burritos and enchiladas! The space was crowded and a bit dirty. I'm sure that it's hard to keep things clean with such amazing throughput. It's the deal of the century. Everything is really cheap, prepared while you wait and excellent. The burritos and enchiladas are enough to be shared by two. I preferred the carne asada to the pork, which is unusual for me. The salsas are very good, though I could have used a spicier alternative. Great people watching opportunities Great lunch spot.
The... Best... After club/bar drunk burritos ever. Steak and shrimp burritos are to die for. Line gets really long after 1am so beware
This is my favorite mexican restaurant in the city. Quesadilla suiza is amazing. Good portions, cheap prices. Good flavor.
At 3am- you're hungry- things tastes better- lots of street parking around the mission- the rowdy kids are out and about- el farolito is open for business!!I LOVE EL FAROLITO!!!- open super late (until 3:30am?)- al pastor super burrito ($6.25) is amazingly good here!No matter what time you come, this place is always packed! I find coming at 3am is more entertaining though! :P Especially after a long night of drinking and dancing, all you want is some good Mexican food! I came a few Saturdays ago (Sunday 3am) and ordered the Al Pastor Super Burrito. Luckily my friend and I split it and we were still so full after. it was that big and satisfying and super cheap!I've been on a hunt for the best al pastor burrito and I think I've found it! El Farolito is deliciously good! The al pastor meat is marinated perfectly and isn't too fatty! I definitely come here for the food, not the cleanliness or ambiance! haha I can't wait to be back for more 3am yumminess! I wanna try other items on their menu too!
This place is the bomb.I HATE that it's cash only, but I make concessions because the food is really down-to-earth good. I make it a point to bring cash if I know I'm going to end up near the Mission, just in case. And the food is pretty cheap, too!The staff is extremely friendly, and I just love it. Service is quick. A little hard to find seating (it always looks so full when I'm in line to order), but the tables clear up in no time. Worth the wait.The first time I went, I kind of went crazy and ordered super nachos, a super veggie burrito, and like two veggie tacos. I don't know what I was thinking because I barely made a dent in all that food. This second time, last night, I was wiser. I ordered just the super nachos. But I still couldn't finish them. Argh! What else can I do?I'll probably get the super nachos again next time.Creature of habit; what can I say?
The super burrito is the size of a small child but it's well worth it for the avocado. If you're a small person yourself, you may want to save half of it for later or share the burrito with someone. The carne asada is flavorful - definitely not like the cardboard tasting meat from other Mexican food places.
what drunk food dreams are made of.
This was a mighty fine burrito for a small amount of yankee dolares. Regardless of whether you're going veggie, meaty or shrimpy, you should get a super burrito, the extra dollar or two gets you those ingredients (e.g. avo & sour cream) which make it super.
When I bit into the burrito, I bit a hard piece of bone. The preparation are did not look clean (they have a score of 87) and the staff is rude. They are open late but I think you need to be pretty drunk to enjoy the food.
Is there anything else I can add about this place that others havent yet?I've been going here since my high school days and havent stopped since. There is absolutely no better place to get a carne asada/tripas/lengua super burrito in the city. It tastes great when you are sober. It tastes even better after your night-time festivities. I cannot express how happy I am that El Farolito opens till almost 4:00pm on weekends to satisfy my drunchies. If you haven't been here before, then you are obviously doing something wrong!
Mission Burrito at its finest this is simply one of the greatest. I had the super burrito with chicken and it was amazing. Side order of chips with guacamole never tasted better. This place is awesome with good prices. Don't worry if you see a line outside the door. The staff moves fast and your food will be ready in no time.
The best burrito in San Francisco hands down! It has been consistent and yummy since I had my first burrito in the early 90's. You don't get to build it step by step like most taquerias. The burrito set staples includes the rice and whole pinto beans. You just get asked what kind of meat and weather you want it spicy or not. I always get a super and I am happy with everything.Everyone has their favorites but I always like carne asada with my burrito because I feel the grill meat flavor really comes through in a burrito. Next to the cashier is salsa bar station and I have to say the salsa verde is one of best I ever had. Fresh, bright green, full of flavor, spicy....I can't get enough of it all over my burrito and chips. Worth a visit!
Holy shit this place was crowded! Friday at 3 AM is like Boomtown in this Mother. But once served, my Burrito did its greasy, Mexican food thing; sopping up all that loose liquor in my belly! I will suggest loading up on salsa cuz it's good! MMmmm, salsa.
Went here on a Saturday night since it was recommended by so many friends. I ordered the burrito with al pastor and two tacos. The regular burrito is a beast on its own so I could image the size of the super. Overall I felt like this place is ethnic but lacked flavor. I thought I was going to bite into a very intense burrito but it ended up being bland. The sauce bar is a good touch but to continue to add sauce was too much. Place is good don't get me wrong but was expecting more from a 4 star 3k yelp restaurant.
Came here based on a friend's recommendation, and all the yelp hype. Came here hungry! Got the (HUGE) quisadilla in carne asada. It was good and such a large portion that I couldn't finish it. I mean, I was hungry, but was stuffed. Same story for the super burrito as well. I want to give this place another try and leave satisfied. Good salsa though!Warning: If you're a germaphobe, then this place might not be the place for you.
Me & a cousin had a craving for tacos so she picked this place.I had never been, but passed by over a 1OOO times. Anywho, we both ordered one super taco each, & I expected them to be small, But to my surprise one taco was more than enough ! It was also late night so that made the taco even more better. If you're in the mission area, don't pass this place up !
Hands down the best burritos I have ever had! they are open late too! so if you're in the city and you're drunk from the club or bar, stop by here for some drunchies! I got the carne asada super burrito and it was so good! I've also tried their super quesidilla and tacos before. I liked everything.
As good as it gest for big fat(tening) burritos on 24th :)
One of my favorite burrito places in the city. They are very popular for a reason! Although their burritos are not as good during the day. Probably because im sober during the day....mostly.
So good you gotta review it twice.The salsa verde on a super burrito.The salsa verde on an al pastor taco.The salsa verde straight up.This place is good for Breakfast Brunch Lunch Dinner Late Night DessertIt gets pretty busy for late night but it's pretty hard to argue against a few tacos for 2AM-self after bar hopping.
3 stars for the food.0 stars for the experience.1 star because I have to give it something to post a review.Come here if you're okay with getting your phone stolen by one of the employees. I was here with a friend (no other patrons were in the restaurant). While my friend was in the bathroom, I turn my back for maybe 3 seconds to throw away my trash while an employee wiped down our table. He was hunched right over my bag that was still on the seat. I grab my bag and reach inside to check my phone. It's gone.I mention this to the manager who said SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAS HAPPENED BEFORE. What?! I refuse to leave because I know someone working there has my phone. I sit and wait while my friend calls the police (they actually show up!). After about 15 minutes the manager says one of the employees said I should check the bathroom. I never went to the bathroom. Low and behold, my phone is lying on the ground next to the sink. Ringer turned off. The police arrive but since I got my phone back I decide not to do anything.The manager gives my phone number to the corporate office - they can look at the tapes. Someone from the corporate office calls me the next day and accuses me of accusing one of the employees of being a thief. Well, when someone steals something out of your purse, it's THEFT. She goes on to suggest that maybe my friend stole my phone. Really? The one who was sitting in front of me the entire time? She says she's looking at the tape and sees us. She sees my friend get up and walk to the bathroom. And this is the point when the theft occurs... She says, "Oh something is wrong with the tape. I can't see anything anymore." Basically that's when she's covering up the fact that she can SEE IT HAPPENING. She starts yelling at me and at that point I stopped listening.I applaud the manager for trying to help. Utter disgust for an employee who steals and a corporate office that would cover it up.I'd have more respect for them if corporate called me and said that they were very sorry for the incident but that they're glad everything worked out. I was okay with letting it go but instead they turned it around on me. That's completely unacceptable and vile. Obviously I'll never return and I've asked my friends to avoid it as well.Btw, I checked the Yelp reviews and at least 2 other patrons posted about getting their phone stolen or witnessed someone else get their phone stolen here by an El Farolito employee. AVOID!!
Very authentic and delicious. The staff was quick and very friendly as well. I will definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting SF.
Awesome Mexcian food spot in the heart of the Mission. Don't know why I have never been here. Easy access from BART (it's right next to the station). Get the Super Carne Asada Burrito. It's on the 7x7 100 foods to try for 2013! Also, get a side of chips to complement your order. Other things to rememberThey're open late (till 3 am) Good amount of tables or you can just do take outAnd remember, they only take cash!!!
I cannot resist, burrito is a' tooo derricious! My go to drunk spot in '10 and '11, wherein I would devour the entire Quesadilla Para Dos after guzzling gallons of beer. When I moved back in late '12 leaner and more humble, I opted instead for the chicken and steak burritos. Incredible food, and an essential part of the San Francisco culinary experience. Flew back to SF for the first time in a year a few weeks back and made it a point to celebrate bombing my job interview with lunch here. Didn't get the job, but got a thousand extra calories here and it made the trip worthwhile.
Long linesIn the hoodRandom strangers talking to youHole in the wall jointIf you can get pass all that, you'll discover one of the best mission burritos in SF. The carne asada is cooked fork tender perfect. Correct ratio of meat, rice, beans, guac and sour cream. I can't really describe the flavor, but it's something you need to try when you're here. It hits the spot every time....Cash only so hit the ATM up before coming by.
Super burrito al pastor is always fantastic. My friend got a plato de carne asada and that looked awesome too. Also enjoyed the salsa bar. Solid solid Hispanic fare at a great price. The staff is always really nice too.
Looking for a heavy, gut filling, fetus sized burrito 3 o'clock in the morning? Well by golly, look no further!With different variations of burritos to fix any type of craving you may have, El Farolito is a place you can rely on time and time again to fill you up on the cheap. I also thought that the shrimp ceviche here was pretty good too. Served in a plastic cup with nice pieces of sliced avocado right on top.It seems to be very busy here most of the time with the long lines and all, but the line does move fairly quick. Being that this Mexican joint was my very first experience with the Mission style burrito here in San Francisco, I guess it has sentimental value now. *heart hands*
THE best burrito I've had in my entire life. The carne asada and shrimp super burrito topped with their delicious salsa verde is nothing short of WOW! My girl introduced me to this spot when I moved to SF for college. She has been frequenting it since she was a little girl. Although there are several El Farolito's, this is the best one, the OG spot as I like to call it. It's a small, narrow, hole-in-the-wall joint, but I don't come here for the ambiance, I come for the amazingly delicious food that never dissapoints. There is always a line when we come here, but it is always worth the wait. My mouth is literally watering writing this review. Yup, it's that good!
This place exemplifies what you picture when picturing a Mexican place.This place is a freaking Mexican DIVE.And it is beautiful in all the ways that you and I are not.I mean, when you walk in, you're already in line. Behind the counter, employees are working hard and working fast to get you what you need. My first time (sadly, my only time), the guy who took my order just looked exasperated as I stood salivating over the wonderful production line (way better than Ford could ever have put together) they had going. But that's cool, you know? It's pretty awesome. The ticked off look, everyone working furiously to satisfying the long line of hungry Californians, it all comes together to provide the kind of experience that a mom and pop restaurant provides.I know this seems contradictory. I'm a stickler for good service.But really, picture yourself at home. Picture your mother slaving over a meal on a Sunday for hours and hours. Remember that look she got if you delayed in getting your stuff together, in sitting down and appreciating the culinary awesomeness that she learned as a kid from her mother before her. I'm lucky the dude didn't slap me. My mom certainly would've. And I love that kind of stuff.What I ordered? A quesadilla. The Super Suiza, to be exact. Friends, this is the kind of quesadilla I picture God and JC chasing with a Tecate up in heaven. This is THE quesadilla. The best quesadilla I've ever had. Bar freaking none.It was a delicious, almost custard-like filling of cheese, chicken, avocado, and I forget what else packed into a quesadilla and pressed to utter perfection atop a griddle. As you eat, the cheese just coating your fingers like wet, delicious concrete, it's what you expect when eating at a place like this. Just toss all etiquette out the window and bury your face in your food like you would bury it into a lover's hair when she's close, when she squeezes you tight and refuses to let go.And when I didn't think it could get any better... MARIACHIS!Seriously. This place is everything I could hope for in a restaurant and more. On my list of reasons for wanting to head back to San Fran, this place is in my top three.
This is probably one of the best burritos that I have ever eaten. The size is huge, The beef was flavorful and juicy. The rest of the ingredients were excellent and the burrito did not fall apart. This place absolutely lives up to the hype. The lines are long but move. There are lots of small tables but you may have to wait for one. The restaurant is messy and somewhat dirty. That didn't bother me but if you like fast food cleanliness then this may not be your place. The service was friendly.
This is one of the best burritos I have ever had in the Bay Area. It's really really good and the portions to price ratio is incredible.
The carne asada super burrito was so delicious, cheap, filling, and so authentic. Loved it and will definitely be going back for more!
Been here twice and both times were great!Tacos are filled with meat. Pastor was very flavorfully marinated. Self-serve salsa on the side. Will come back!!!!FYI: This place is cash only.
Just go to this place already! It has outstanding portions for the price. Cash only, long line but you know it's awesome if there's always a line.
El Farolito is amazing, and my go to taqueria in SF. I usually order the quesadilla super suiza, and that is what I recommend to first time customers. Their burritos are fantastic too.Do not be hindered by the line that is often out the door, this place is worth the wait.When friends visit the city, I almost always take them to El Farolito, and every time I hear "wow that was amazing".
Good tacos good flavor didn't even need salsa or any other favoring. Big portions, decent prices.
Expected to find the second coming of Christ from reviews - found a wise (but human) prophet who looked at me quizzically when I asked if he was Christ.Here's the run down:1) cheap cheap cheap! $9 for a burrito, chips, and a bottle of Pacifico. Que fantastico!2) The burrito was of good size.3) The carnitas in the burrito was "meh". My friend, who has been here many times, said this is first time he's had dry carnitas - he encouraged me to try it again later.4) The green sauce apparently everyone raves about.  But it has avocados, and I don't like avocados, so I didn't like it. Maybe you will though!5) Chips were "meh"6) Service is good7) Interior is typical hole-in-the-wall fare
Was wanting to go to a nearby restaurant but since it was closed we stumbled upon this place. Although from the outside the quality may look questionable this is an amazing restaurant. Don't let the long line scare you either. The service is very fast and the food is amazing. The first bite is incredible and the food is very filling. If you're looking for a Mexican place definitely try it out!! You won't regret it.
All the signs of the best burrito in town before you even order. Long line of excited customers, cash only, sizzling grills, and the burritos are made right in front of you while you wait. I went at a slow time so the wait wasn't bad, but it would have been worth it if it was. Delicious all the way through. My favorite part was the rice tasted like rice that should be served as part of a dish, not just stuffed into a burrito to fill space. The meat was flavorful, the condiments were in perfect proportion. Nothing worse than a burrito drowning in... well, anything. Burrito was wrapped extremely well, easy and delicious to eat.
It was Sunday night. I wanted a burrito. Naturally, for a great burrito you head straight for the Mission. I chose El Farolito mainly because it was the only place open on a Sunday night - and boy, am I happy they were. This burrito I was itching for had shrimp in it - no, it had al pastor....you see the dilema I was in! I got through the crazy long line and there it was, like a beacon - THE BOSSES SPECIAL. Never mind the misspelling - it was the solution to all my late-night-burrito-craving-problems. The Bosses Special had Shrimp and Al Pastor in it!! Ay-Yi-Yi!!! (Other ingredients included: beans, rice, avocado, sour cream, salsa)It was the best burrito I've had in a long time. I have since dreamt about it. I will be back and you best believe I'll get the same thing!WARNING: CASH ONLY!
All the drunkies come out to eat at this spot! Cash only joint. Walking in a little tipsy with Tram N. and friends, we were told this place was the best in SF. I thought of it kind of like La Vics back in DTSJ. For $36 we ordered 4 coronas, two carne asada tacos, a cheese quesedilla, a loaded burrito, and super nachos. I don't think we needed any more beer but my drunk self thought the night should still continue with more alcohol which we all paid for shortly after eating...I would definitely come back here again when my mind is at the right state of mind to get the full experience and enjoying my food rather than falling half asleep with cheese oozing down my chin from the quesadilla.
One of my favorite burritos in San Francisco are made in this hole in the wall location. The other branches aren't ever as good (I'm taking about you, other Mission St. location). The burritos are packed full of meat and salsa which makes this ~6 dollar burrito above and beyond the other burrito deals you might encounter. Best of all, you can taste every element inside this behemoth.Chips aren't made fresh, sadly, but they still taste great along with your burrito. Just make sure to drown them in their salsa.
Cheeeeap and Goooood! Authentic experience. All kinds of people go there, go check it out. Very warm inside.
Fresh ingredients. Very quick service. Fantastic Mexican food that really makes you say, "WOW"
I like this place. Lived over here all my life and they have of course awesome burritos. But I always get the 2 enchilada meal! It's always more then enough food and the price is low!
All the hype is true. Great tasting food, reasonable prices so how can you can't blame them for the long line or a little bit of attitude. You would have a little attitude too if you worked so hard. Definitely will come again and highly recommend you patronize.
El Farolito is my spot. LOVE it. It doesn't hurt that it is right above the 24th Street BART station. I love the quesadilla suiza and their carne asada tacos and burritos. No cards are accepted. Parking sucks around here but there are two public lots nearby.
Agree the tacos and burritos taste awesome. Can't deny though that the place is the dirtiest food-serving joint I've ever seen in my life. Seeing the dirty containers they use to hold the salsa dipping sauce while waiting for my tacos has always made my stomach turn upside down. It feels so conflicting especially when you know how good the food is.
It must have been well past 2am, I don't remember the exact time nor do I remember what I ate from a table full of food. But I 100% remember it was one of the best meals I've ever had in my life.Does this even qualify as a proper Yelp review?Absolutely. Because if you never had the El Farolito night cap after a hazy Saturday night in the Mission, you have not lived as a true San Franciscan.
Phones worth losing for an El Farolito burrito: 3.(With soda or chips: 3.5)I'd buy a few dummy phones to keep around, because the idea of never eating here just to avoid a theft is pretty terrible.
Lived down in Del Mar for a few years so I'd like to think that I know a good burrito. Had the carne asada burrito and it was AWESOME. Definitely my new favorite burrito place. Too bad it's gonna be a while until I get to visit here again.It is definitely worth a try.
Since my high school days, and continuing nine years later, I've never had a bad experience at El Farolito; the food, the price, the people are what makes this place the best and that's the reason this is my favorite burrito spot, ever. I only get the super burrito, super nachos, regular tacos, and torta here, all carne asada of course, but I'm sure everything else on the menu is as tasty as these four dishes. Very big portions for a very reasonable prices. After you finish ordering your meal, you need to grab a bag of chips and salsa; a burrito is never complete without these two on the side. My only tip is to avoid this place on Friday and Saturday evenings after 12AM IF AND ONLY you're not drunk. If you are drunk and make the best decision of your life to go to El Farolito then run to this place because the line can go out the door. Wait time can be 15-20 minutes when the clubs close and the hungry come hungry.
Awesome carne Asada. It was perfect split to split for my wife and I.
This food was engineered to prevent hangovers and cure munchies.It's the same story every time I bring out-of-town guests in here after a long night out: "Sketchy neighborhood, sticky tables and why is the line so long?!". Believe me, the skepticism always fades away after just two bites.Best post-2am food in the City.
Best carne asada burritos in the city. There's a reason why they're on the 7x7 list of good eats in San Francisco.Whenever I come here, I order the super carne asada burrito. I don't even know why I always order the super burrito because I can never finish it. I just love it that much ;) I also heard the carne asada and shrimp burrito is good here as well. I've never tried it, but my friends rave about it all the time. They have a little bar where you can get salsa and hot sauces for your burrito and chips. I usually use the red and green sauce for my burrito, and it tastes so bomb! You can even eat it without the sauces too. It'll still taste good without it. Whenever I come here, there's usually a line out the door but it doesn't take too long to get your order in. If you're coming here after the club or bars, be aware of long lines, crowded and dirty tables, and drunk people.Try out the burritos here to see what the fuss is about :)
This is seriously hyped up for nothing. This is a 3 star at best. This is more of an after drinking cheap spot then anything else. The ingredients tasted fresh but also tasted bland. Wouldn't be in a hurry to come back!
Got a chorizo super burrito. Probably the best burrito I've ever had.
It's a very good burrito, I came because I saw it rated as the best in the country on Esquire magazine. I would definitely not say it's the best burrito, not by a LONG shot. Price wasn't bad but it's Cash Only (in today's world with the amount of business they get they are being pretty tacky with this). Growing up in LA and in the south-west (AZ, NM, TX) I have had much better mexican food and this was definitely all hype. Wouldn't say it was bad though, it was very tasty, but not the best, not even close.
Pee. All I can smell is pee. I unfortunately did not have a 4 1/2 star experience at El Farolito. I came here for a work lunch with colleagues and was promised the most amazing Mexican fare. Unfortunately the amazing food took a back seat to the horrible smell of urine which permeated through the restaurant while we waited in line. I think if I had been by myself I would have turned around and left but being that I was with a group I felt awkward telling everyone we needed to leave immediately. Who's the weirdo who can't handle germs? (Point to self) So basically I held my breath while we stood in line and tried to figure out where the urine smell was coming from. We theorized someone had either peed on the ground inside the restaurant or they had left a bag of pee in a grocery bag by one of the tables near the door. I was too disgusted to further investigate the situation but hopefully someone can figure out this puzzling matter. We did a group order and I got the two tacos for $2.50. Crazy cheap when you think about it, but again, I was completely emotionally scarred by the urine. We sat down and got our food pretty quickly. My friends devoured their burritos and I ate half my pork taco. Delicious, but again, it was all ruined by the urine. I'm sorry El Farolito fans who I've heard take bulk burritos home to freeze and eat later, but I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon to this Mexican haven in the Mission. I will most likely be avoiding all Mexican food for awhile until I've mentally recovered from the haunting memory of urine which continue to haunt me anytime I eat meat. The good news is however that I will most likely lose a few pounds from avoiding anything fatty or cheesy. See, there's a silver lining to anything!
There are 2,583 reviews here.I'm fairly certain that's how many ounces my burrito weighed.
Love this place. When u think of burrito, this is the standard. I've never been disappointed and that sez loads.
This was my first time in the mission district and being someone who gets a little uneasy at a restaurant with a bunch of homeless people standing outside el farolito quickly made it go away! First off, the service was sort of slow. But the Burrito WAS AWESOME. I got the super veggie burrito. IT WAS AMAZING. Warm flavorful rice, creamy guacamole and sour cream, and delicious pinto beans pairs along SO WELL WITH THAT WARM TORTILLA THAT WRAPS IT ALL UP. Probably the best burrito I've ever had. Great value for a literally great meal.
Ok fine, the burritos are good. Prices are cheap and it's got that grimey Mission vibe that I very much like. (Don't look at the floor!) But to all my SF friends that basically shouted at me that El Farolito has the best burritos in the country, I couldn't disagree more. I can't tell you where the best burritos are in the United States but it's definitely not here. I've been lucky enough to work and eat in Southern Arizona for a few years so my love for Mexican food has a Southwestern bias. I'll definitely pop by El Farolito next time I'm in the neighborhood. But those long lines are definitely not worth the wait for me.
El Farolito's location is extremely convenient and impossible to miss as it's right off 24th St. Mission BART station. The place is unassuming but perhaps it's better that way. It fits in with its surroundings with a very down-to-earth feel and decor. It's popular and rightly so. People from all over the Bay seem to make regular pilgrimages here. One consequence, however, is that the lines are rather long and seating can be hard to find during peak hours. As for the food, all I can say is that it lived up to the reputation. I had the Super Carne Asada Burrito while my friend had the Regular Chicken Burrito with Chips on the side.The burritos are big. They are definitely a full meal and then some (for a smaller guy like me at least). They're affordable. And they taste good. The chips though were rather unimpressive. Other than that, there's honestly not much more I can say than to go and try it for yourself.My only regret is that I couldn't finish it all in one sitting. I tried taking the burrito home with me but in the hot summer day it ended up smelling pretty rank so I threw it away.Solid 4 stars.
After hearing good reviews about this place, I decided to go there for lunch. One of my friend had warned me that the food was just normal and did not match the hype ("Life changing burrito").We went there for lunch on a Friday and were surprised that it was not yet packed. I ordered super vegetarian burrito and a side of chips. There is small salsa bar; however, it was lacking in flavor.I have had much better burritos at other places with good salsa bar. I would not recommend this place to any friends (might as well eat at any taqueria including this one) and would not give them another try.
If you've gotta little time to kill waiting for your flight out of SFO, jump on the BART and get your Mexican fix here. The Chile relleno plate and the Chile relleno burrito were tasty, filing, and the price was right.
Not the best burrito I've had, but great tortillas! Seating is super limited. Went on a Saturday and the line was out the door and there was NOWHERE to sit :-( Sodas are sold by the can, too, which is a bummer. Sister was not impressed with the horchata; wasn't very creamy and tasted like sugar water.Things to know:*they only accept cash*pack the burritos full of meat
Came here because I had delicious tacos at the other El Farolito location. Unfortunately, the experience I had at the other location was so awesome that I think I set my expectations a tad bit high. I still really enjoyed everything, but I think if I was in the area next time I would go to the other location because of seating and size of the location.I got 2 soft shelled tacos. I was under the impression that it was 2 separate tacos, but what it really means is that the taco comes with 2 small tortillas, which was fine since it was super cheap anyways! I got the chicken and pork soft tacos. I was pretty sad that they weren't able to put shrimp in the tacos. :/ I think next time I want to try a shrimp dish. I'm really sad to say that I really did not like the chicken taco at all. It was...really soggy so the soft taco shell just...broke making it really difficult to eat. The pork taco was much better!I got horchata. It was yummy! I wouldn't say it was the best horchata I've had but a very good one. Their sauce that is offered is really good. I'm definitely going to come back and give it another try. Maybe try a more adventurous item on the menu like cow tongue or brain. MMMM. Either way, it was a great and economical way to begin an exploration of the Mission District.
This place is so good. Came here on a Thursday night on the way home from work and I got a Quesadilla suiza. The portion was huge. I had it for dinner and lunch the next day. It was so good. This taqueria is amazing. I highly recommend this place. So good, especially when you're hungry after a long day. 24th and mission is a bit shady overall with the people that hang around there. I found a PB&J sandwich on my car after leaving the taqueria and someone threw a glass bottle on the ground right in front of me. However, the parking was easy and I still would come back here even with the area.
Having spent 2 years in San Diego, I consider myself quite the burrito connoisseur, and was a little skeptical when I saw a list rating this place the #1 burrito place.I had the shrimp burrito and was thoroughly satisfied.Definitely coming back for more.
Awesomeness!!!! Awesomesauce!!! Very good! Asad super burrito was delicioso it was a wait because super packed but that's because it is super BOMB!! and worth the wait!!!
As if they need anymore reviews but hey, they're good. And cheap! What more could you ask for? My torta, side of grilled onions and aqua fresca were amazing! Def give this place a try!
Found a pubic hair in my burrito - do i need to say anything more?!? Long wait (30 minutes for 2 burritos) - but good people, they just need to use hair nets and gloves!
I just had to add this..I just saw a guy bring in 2 bags of ranch dorritos to make nachos with! Lol genius!
This place is amazing! Excellent Mexican food...I always get the pastor super burrito and its awesome every time. The burritos are layered perfectly, you get all the ingredients in every bite. The place always has a quick line and not a lot of sitting, but it's with it. You will not be disappointed!
Was in this place last night was disgusted by the racist comments the staff were making about me because I am white and my girlfriend is Latino. Good job I work for a local newspaper so I will give you guys a nice front page story about your racist comments. Wonder how many of the people working there are actually legal to work and live In the U.S.A maybe that's something for immigration to decide.
Pretty damn good burrito, but to be honest the reputation of this place would have you expecting better. Solid bite to eat, but there are certainly better burritos to be found. That being said, the carne asada itself is some of the best I've had.
OHHHHHHHH how I miss mexican food in Southern California. Ever since I've moved to San Francisco, I've been endlessly searching for mexican food comparable to down in LA. It doesn't take too much to keep me happy :) Just give me a good plate of rice, beans, guac, sour cream, pico de gallo, and some meat!I usually come here for lunch or a late night snack. Their carne asada burrito reminds me of home. Their super nachos are really good.Next, please build an extensive salsa bar!
Cheap, clean, fast and cheap. There was a line out the door and down the block when I got there at 4, and having to watch the cook prepare the steak was torture. I decided at the last minute to get Carnitas instead of Asada, and think I made a mistake. The burrito was still delicious, but I think the Asada would have had more flavor.
El Farolita has a special place in my heart. It's definitely a little bit hole in the wall if you're looking for somewhere with some frills. And it's not a first date kind of place. But the burritos pack a punch. Inside a delicious $4 burrito, you'll find whole slices of fresh avocado. Who doesn't love avocados? The most charming part of my dine in experience are the mariachi singers that sing and strum their guitars while I chow down on my burrito.
I think the best thing here is that they are in the Mission, They have "Mission style" food, and they are open LATE. It was about 2:30AM, we were done hanging out at Bruno's and a bunch of us were hungry. Everyone clamored on and on about this place. The 4 city block walk was made worse by us having to walk past 3 bacon wrapped hot dog street vendors.Its a good thing I was in Vans, I can't even imagine what that walk would have been like in heels. After a night out, then the 4 block walk in the brisk weather. Once we were there, 20-25 minutes later, because of a line that goes out the door, I finally order. After ordering, the food doesn't take too much longer to come out. Anyhow, I had two tacos, Al pastor and Carnitas. The Al Pastor was the better of the two. Flavor was good in both, but just better with the Al Pastor.I will have to go back to see what everyone is talking about, because I just didn't see it. This was really 2.5 star joint. I will give it the extra star because of the "shared" seating. There are probably ~20+ tables/booths in there. They each seat 4, but people squeeze 5 or 6. When there are just 2 people at a table, it seemed pretty common that another two could sit down and share the newly intimate seating. In doing so, my friend and I met some really cool guys from Dubai. It is choice encounters like this that make it worth the extra .5stars.
I have tried many small mexican restaurants, both in southern california and northern california. I have to say, El Farolito is one of my favorites. Plus, it is just steps away from the 24th and Mission Bart.First of all, its not as ghetto as everybody says it is. Yeah, it's not a 5 star restaurant but if youre super picky on how the place looks, should you really be eating at a small mexican joint?The place has fast service, and most importantly excellent food. Tried their burritos (very good, great portions), tacos (the largest tacos ive seen, a bit pricey but overfilled with goodness), and something called a quesadilla suiza. Its like a quesidilla but in a burrito like form. This is personally my favorite and I had my first here at El Farlito. Just an FYI: its very messy. Eat that on BART and people WILL notice how much you eat like a barbarian.-1 star for how expensive a single taco is. Yeah, its filled with onions, meat, etc but come on...
THESE TACOS, DEEELICIOUS. The first time I've ever been to Slone, my group of girl friends and I came here after to get our grub on. It was raining outside but we didn't care - we wanted tacos and we wanted them now!! The line was out the door and the restaurant was pretty cramped. Wet bodies everywhere waiting for tables, eating their food, or waiting in line to order. We finally got to the front and I put in my order for 1 carnitas, 1 carne asada, and 1 al pastor taco. We got a number and the waiting game began.As we waited we were hawk-eying the tables to make sure to snatch one up as soon as someone leaves. Got a table near the area where they were handing out the orders.. SCORE! When I got my taco I was soo overwhelmed! These tacos were stuffed with meat, and they looked delicious! Took my first bite and ouu la la, I was in heaven. I had the red sauce and the green sauce, I love having a combination of both. Half way through my 2nd taco I was starting to get full. I wanted to be able to try all three flavors, so I put the second taco down and started my way to the third. Half way through my third taco, I called it quits. It was definitely a satisfying after the club meal. I was now happy and ready to go home - knowing that deep down inside, the next time I go to Slone I would have to stop by this place again... and that was exactly what happened. A few weeks later we went to Slone for a friend's birthday and the deciding factor for me to get out of the house that day was the promise of having these tacos by the end of the night! MM, I got the beef tongue taco this time and it was delicious! Super tender, omnomnomnom. Would definitely reccommend this to anybody :)
We wanted an authentic California burrito during our San Francisco trip and couldn't have found a better place for an authentic California burrito. Had the super Shrimp burrito and it didn't disappoint. The free salsa choices were also outstanding. Worth the drive away from the tourist area. My wife had the chicken burrito and loved it.
One of my favorite spots in the city for a Burrito, especially after a night of late drinking or to grab a taco before going out.
Huge burritos! ... Quantity over quality :(Cheap! ... with zero remarkable ingredients to be found :(Good people watching! ... also a good amount of piss smell :(My experience: 1) waited in line with frequent wafts of urine. I don't mind dive spots, but I do not want to smell piss while I'm trying to taste something. 2) My huge burrito was mostly rice, followed closely by a river of sour cream (gross), with some meat, and a couple slivers of avocado that didn't exist at all in the first half of the burrito.What meat I could taste, seemed OK. If I ever go back (which is doubtful), I'd try the tacos.
I really did not like my chicken buritto and the kids hated their quesadilla's. The chips were inedible too. I did like the Mexican Coke though and everybody was super nice. I really wanted to like it.
Crazy huge burritos and not expensive. Super busy when we stopped by for dinner. A bumping place with a fun atmosphere! I got the super pork burrito with no beans and it WAY too much food. Whatever that green sauce stuff is is COUNT. Try it out!
Best Mexican spot in the Bay Area that I've taste in a long time. I don't know if it's because I was drunk but whatever it was this place was on point.
My hubby has been coming to this joint for the past years or as long as they have been opened. His favorite is the Super Suiza and I love their Carne Asada dish. They always give you a big portion and the price is cheap. It's located next to the 24th Street Bart Station, which makes it more convenient for people who likes Mexican food to try. We will definitely come back again and again!
I asked for a choripan and they didn't sell me a choripan. They said they don't cook that and only have burritos and tacos. My question is what kind of Mexican restaurant don't sell choripanes?
We been here several times and every time it's absolutely amazing! They carry great consistently in food and service! I guarantee when you go you will not be disappointed! Best Mexican food you will ever have and don't forget the salsa bar!! The tortilla, the meats, veggies- it's just all amazing!! Every Mexican restaurant owners should come eat here and take some serious notes!!
Best Mexican food in the Bay Area? It might be possible. I usually get their burritos but I've tried their quesadillas a few times and they're very good as well. I've definitely made the drive from Berkeley to Mission District after 12am just to get their burritos here... Tip #1: I've never had any trouble finding street parking when I've gone, but I always go late at night. Overall: EAT HERE. It's good.
I was there this afternoon on a burrito run and order 3 burritos to go. My sales number was 11. I placed my order in Spanish and English to ensure an language barrier. The order taker repeated my order and it was correct. This is what I ordered, please note all orders specified re-fried beans:1. Regular Carne Asada with sour cream extra and no salsa2. Super Chicken no Avocado or sour cream3. Super Al Pastor as isI had already waited about 15 minutes for my order and noticed orders after me were being completed. I inquired and about two minutes later, I got my order and with chips - I did not order chips but I thought it may have been a small gesture on their part for the wait time. I asked the employee if they were marked to identify the type of burrito and he said yes.  Two of the burritos were marked with Pollo and Pastor, the third was not marked and I assumed it was the Carne Asada.  This is what I got:1. No marking - Regular chicken with whole beans and salsa and cheese.2. Marked Pollo - Regular Carne Asada with whole beans and no salsa or sour cream. 3. Marked Pastor - Super Al Pastor with whole beansThis would have been okay if the parties involved were eating together but I was doing a Burrito run and dropped them off to the individuals. The errors were not noticed until they bit into them.I don't even think I am complaining because the only disappointment was that 2 of us did not get what we ordered. The burrito was good and I guess I hope El Farolito read this and asks their employees to be more careful. If we stayed and ate there, we would have returned them and got the right order. We have to trust what is marked on the packing for there is real is no way to know if you got the right order until you bite into them.
My favorite mission burrito place!!!!! Only downside is their location, which is a few blocks out of the way. They're my go-to place to bring friends/family visiting an intro to the mission burrito.
Sober or not this place is a great place for burritos. I'm willing to go out of my way to go here. Something about the consistency about El Farolito keeps me coming back. Don't change out the half broken table, don't change the walls that are caked on with grease or the toilets in the bathroom that have literally and figuratively SEEN SOME SHIT.Consistency.
El Farolito is as good as it gets when it comes to great food. The food is so fresh their and great size portions . The staff are very friendly and very nice people. I love the food their because the food is so dam good. Every time when i order a burrito i get 5$ extra meat because i love the food that much. I am so happy when i go their and when i leave to go home . The freshness of the food and the service is the best . Its truly a must that you go their and try everything on the menu everything their is freshly maid.
Filling and cheap, but I'd say adequate on flavor. Long line on the Saturday afternoon we visited, but it moved pretty fast. As they say, nothing to write home about...
Can't beat Farolito just authentic, no-frills Taqueria. Tacos al pastor and Burrito con carne asada were amongst the best I've had, San Fran or otherwise.Consider as 5 stars as a late night stop. 4 as a quick lunch.
I read a blog raving that the burrito here was the most life changing burrito in America, so I had high expectations. I came in, it was crowded, also noticed 2k + reviews so it's gotta be great. The burrito was great in fact, such a warm beautiful tortilla, perfectly cooked meet, rice, and beans. And wow, some of the best salsa verde and pico de gallo i've ever had. I wouldn't say it was life changing, but it was pretty damn good, and tops every burrito i've ever had. Any other burrito I'll be eating from now on has some expectations to live up to.Open Late and Cheap!
I've had El Farolito on multiple occasions, while drunk and sober, and its delicious everytime! Giant burritos, with delicious meat! Service is super fast, and all the sauces you want to drench that bad boy! Also I have stolen bites of steak quesadilla from friends and it's always full of cheesy meaty goodness, super hot and melting. If you're here during rush hour don't expect to find a spot to sit. But if you're here after a night of bar hopping in the mission, expect a LONG LINE out the door, and an always occupied bathroom.
I was visiting a friend in San Francisco, and she suggested that we meet at Farolito for lunch. I was not disappointed one bit!The inside itself is a great place to sit and enjoy a couple of tacos and watch the people flit in and out as they go about their day.The menu is authentic and broad enough to ensure that I will definitely go back next time I am in the city.
Big portions, tasty food. Get ready for carb overload!!They toast the tortillas that come with the platters.I got the Carne Asada (delicious). And the Boss's Burrito. How can you not love something called: Boss's burrito!! It had shrimp and pork and all the other burrito goodness.
After an awesome party at Wix Lounge, I was dying for some great Mexican food. It was mid-week so lots of places closed early but I luckily stumbled upon El Farolito, a place I've been wanting to try for some time. Less expensive, and heartier than some of its neighbors, this place also has near perfect reviews.I ordered their famous carne asada super burrito and topped it off with some of their tasty salsas. The burrito was delicious and full of fresh flavors, and it really hit the spot. It weighed in heavier than even my favorite burrito joint in Marin and just as good if not better. In fact, I can go for right now.I'm thankful that El Farolito's is open till 3am during the week which makes it awesome for those late night cravings. They get crazy busy on the weekends once the clubs close. They make a mean burrito so it's easy to see why. Can't wait to go back!Food: 9/10Service: 7/10Price: $Atmosphere: 7/10
It's fine. It's not one of the best burritos in the US or whatever that noise was. I'm sticking to Papito for my burrito fix, and this place if there's no line, and looking for something more "normal." Can't really decipher it from the plethora of options in SF (aside from Papalote, with I think sucks).
Amazing carne asada burritos. Don't be intimidated by the long line. It moves quick!
I love taquerias. I especially love small, hole-in-the wall taquerias. I can go for breakfast, lunch and dinner to such places and often do. And I know authentic Mexican food as I've eaten it my whole life.  I had about 50 friends recommend this place to me, so I was really excited to go. I have to say, I don't get it. I don't get why people like it, why they love it. I couldn't even finish my food, it was so terrible. My gripes:1. The place was filthy. I'm not talking homey or small or humble or basic. I'm totally fine with those things and in fact, like it when taquerias focus more on the food than on some amazing presentation. But this place was nasty. The floor and tables looked like they hadn't been cleaned in months. The grills, which you can see from the window, were coated with burned meat and grime. By all means, have a humble taqueria, but at least keep it clean. 2. The food was horrible. My chicken taco was soggy and my steak taco was inedible b/c the steak was badly burned. The burrito was tasteless and had so much lettuce that it was like eating lettuce in a tortilla. No thanks. I get that you can't beat the price. I mean, 2 tacos, 2 drinks and a burrito for $10 is pretty amazing.
I think there's something about their dirty cooking stations that makes their food so yummy! I'm not a big fan of their burritos, but my bf always gets "Un burrito de carne asada super" which he goes crazy for, especially when he adds that green salsa.For me, pants down, BEST Quesadillas everrrr! I always order a Quesadilla Super Suiza, which is soo yummy that will make a grown man cry! Seriously! I guess my descriptions are detailed enough that if you look pass that dirtiness and the drunk hobo sitting next to you, you'll have an awesome food experience! I even taught you how to order your steak burrito in Spanish so you get that VIP service!
Oh El Farolito, I was so happy to find you on Sunday after Decompression. I got the chicken tacos. Oh, and that green avocado salsa was so amazing and spicy. I can't wait to go back.
Carne asada burrito was slightly better and much larger than the same one at La Taqueria. Place is not as nice inside as La Taqueria. Service is friendly.But as I said with my review of La Taqueria, Chipotle makes a better burrito.
This is the best burrito I have ever had. It was super crowded but obviously that means they're going something right. The burrito had tons of flavor and a perfect amount of everything. My boyfriend had been here before and we made a special trip to the mission just for the burritos.
yummy. food is tasting. my kids love it. we came here all the time
Meal: Dinner (takeaway)Rationale: We'd just finished drinking at The Monk's Kettle on our first night in San Francisco in a few years. We were staying in the Mission, Taqueria El Farolito was a block away, we were hungry, and we didn't want to go far. So we picked up some cheap takeaway at El Farolito down the street.Food: I ordered a Super Veggie Burrito and was very excited. It was okay, but, unfortunately, it was mostly rice, with some pockets of sour cream and avocado and salsa and whatever, and I'm not sure if there were actually any vegetables. I ate the whole thing anyway. And it was gigantic. And cost-effective. But still mostly rice. My boyfriend got the nachos, which were pretty good, and also really cheap.Service/Atmosphere: I felt like El Farolito - or at least this location - was the Soup Nazi of cheap Mexican food. There was a method to it. There were unspoken rules. Pretty efficient. Kind of fun. No complaints.Conclusion: Even though my Super Veggie Burrito didn't quite hit the mark, the nachos were good. I'd forego the burrito next time (or maybe order a Regular or some other variety instead of a Super) and opt for one of the other items. Tacos, perhaps. But, even for mediocre Mexican food - which I'm almost sure El Farolito is not, but which Jersey City / New York is full of - the price is right. My disappointment with the Super Veggie Burrito is the reason for my three-star rating. I'm sure I'll give them a second chance, and, if I have a more favourable experience, I'll kick it up to four.
Prices have apparently increased, however the staff couldn't confirm this and seemed confused when asked. The Windsor drive through got my order wrong, which I didn't realize until I was home. We only received one bag of chips for two plates. We had previously received one bag per dish.
My first night in SF after a rough day of flight delays and weather (fog) in I finally arrived at 6 hours later. I was starving and it was 1 am. SF is certainly not the city that doesn't sleep like NYC because it looked like everyone had long gone to bed.My friend took me to the few places that open late near Noe Valley and I wanted to go where the locals might go. His response...'at this late hour this the ONLY place to go!' This grease pit of a place would scare the Health Inspectors of NYC but that didn't keep the kids from lining up for the burritos, tacos and nachos. I'll have to say that was the darn biggest Super Burrito I've ever seen and the nachos could feed an entire third world family for a week on a budget. I don't know if it was the combination of jet lag, hunger and it was 1 am it was the most delicious burrito and nachos I've had(despite only eating a third of the burrito) or my body couldn't handle the mass consumption of carbs at such a late hour. I frankly can say no other burrito can compare after this experience.
Yes, one more person heaping accolades onto Farolito. The ratio of ingredients in the burrito is perfect, they're perfectly mixed, and they've found just the right balance of wet/dry all wrapped in a soft chewy tortilla. The chips are incredibly awful though.
food was great !
These burritos are amazing! They're cheap, tasty and enough to feed you twice! I'm partial to tacos (being Texican and all), but this burrito is the best. There was a line out the door when we went (fairly late, mostly people post bar), but the line moves extremely quick. I recommend this place to anyone who wants cheap, tasty food in San Fran and doesn't care about their diet - just walk the streets to burn it off.
Place is bumpinnnnnn wow. Line out the door late Sunday night. Food is delicious, and super super well priced. great salsas too. Yum!!
Def legit. Had the carne asada super burrito and you can tell it's fresh as It was not over seasoned or sense any processed materials in the cooking. Service was helpful as well. A must if you stop by the mission district.
AL PASTOR OMG SO YUMMY. I will come back anytime im in the neighborhood
The carnitas in the taco was very good, with lots of meat. Steak in the burrito and quesadilla was also very tasty. Unfortunately, the quesadilla did not have a lot of cheese, and too much sour cream, so it was a bit soggy.  The steak burrito's sour cream (on the other hand) was only on one end, and wasn't evenly distributed.
SO I really don't think I can say anything that hasn't been said here on Yelp, in fact this city is rotten with good Yelp reviews, but I'd like to say my truth and tell you that my experience here was incredible, and I would gladly recommend it as the best, grittiest burrito spot in the city.
This place is super cheap, gives big portions, and is open late. What more could you ask for??I got the carne asada super burrito and it was yumsss. I eat a lot of mexican food and this was really good. Next time I want to try the al pastor carnitas. The interior is kind of dirty, but I think this is more of a take out place than a sit down place. Definitely a great place to come for drunk food!
The carne asada burrito is the TRUTH. The end, best burrito I've ever had. I don't know what to do when I go back to NYC. Burrito withdrawals will be inevitable.
Possibly the best burrito I've ever had. There is literally nothing I can think of that wasn't top notch. If you're in San Fran, you have to stop by.
This store changed my mind for Mexican food. Really good! My favorite is Super Quesadilla para for 2 with chicken.
Been here a couple times. Had the burrito and tacos and they were amazing. Also a good late night spot too.
I've fallen in love with their Marinated Pork Super Burrito with avocado, sour cream, and cheese! So moist and juicy, but not sloppy! Every bite seems to be a little heaven. With some Mexican music in the background, I'm in a Mexico city and getting Gorditoed.
Food is consistent and decent. It's standard Mexican fare but nothing to write home about.
Ever since I've tried this place, I've embarked on a quest to try all of the other Mexican restaurants in the Mission (lofty, I know) simply because I wanted to see if I would like anything better than El Farolito.So far, there's been nothing.Yeah, it's that good.I'm not super adventurous when it comes to food, meaning that once I find something I like, I tend to always order it. In this case, it's the super burrito with lengua (beef tongue). Unlike some other places, El Farolito charges the same price for all meats, and with all the goodies (guac, cheese, etc), the super burrito still costs me a mere ~$7 total, and it's a decent size too. My mouth is watering just from me writing this. The place can be pretty crowded, especially around peak hours, but even if there's a long line, it moves pretty quickly (faster than Disneyland, that's for sure), and of course, the food makes the wait time totally worth it. There isn't a lot of wait area or seating inside, so make sure to hover around a table that seems to be wrapping up. Cash only, so be prepared. This is the place to go for quintessential Mission Mexican food. Come here, you won't regret it. Oh, and when you do, bring me with you.
This place is simply awesome. Maybe there's no much space to eat. But the food tastes sooo good! You have to try it.
Yuck! Tasteless gmo tortillas and cheap meat covered up by grease and cheese. Raise your standards.
I don't think the previous 2000+ reviews provided enough information and opinions for you to properly decide whether or not you would want to eat at El Farolito, so I'll add my own thoughts so you can get a complete picture of what you'll get from El Farolito.Whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner, late night, drunk food, whatever...El Farolito will stuff you with some high quality, authentic Mexican food. Food that I've been missing and craving ever since I left San Diego and moved out to DC. So when my friend and I stopped over for lunch a few weeks back, I couldn't have been giddier to order my carne asada burrito, pour over my red and green salsas, and just go to town.If there has to be a mark against El Farolito, it's that about an hour after I scarfed down my burrito, I felt like I had a brick of deliciousness lodged in my gut. Totally worth it though. Now if only they'd open up an El Farolito DC edition.
I really do not understand what the hype was all about here.  First, it's placed in the roughest area in SF. Geesus! I had to run in here just to dodge the gangsters and bums. It's not worth the money and time to put yourself in harm's way. You have better luck at La Cornita by Glen Park bart station.
Probably HANDS DOWN one of the best Mexican places I've ever had. For some reason late night mexican food is always tasty, but when I came in that night, I was ravenous from a long shift at work. I didn't know my taste buds were about to get blown away by a simple, yet SUPER burrito. :] Highly recommended, quesadillas and super burritos. I honestly need to try more things but I'm hooked on these two!Asta luego!! Paz~
So I went here on my second trip to SF within the past year (the line was too long to get in during our first trip). I was really looking forward to this spot as the yelp reviews were great ...but sad to say, I was highly disappointed. First of all, I ordered the chicken enchilada and my husband got the seafood ceviche....his food made him instantly sick and he couldn't finish it. My food was the typical americanized version of an enchilada. The red sauce was sweet, the chicken had the same taste you would get if you reheated day old cooked chicken in the microwave. Lastly....way way way too much cheese! I know "too much cheese" is something no one ever says....ever, but it really was too much. I think most of the reviews on yelp for this place is for the burritos, maybe my review would be different if I had just ordered that. Plus side: 50 tortilla chips with a mini salsa bar (get as much as you want!!!) And pretty quick service.
Way overrated. I ordered an enchilada plate and received a huge plate of bland food. Service is also slow because the place is so busy.
This place lives up to the hype. I don't think the burritos are quite as good as a lot of other people do, but damn, the super nachos have no equal. The carne asada super nachos are huge and might be the best in the city. El Farolito is jam-packed on Friday and Saturday nights around bar close, but that's because it's so good and has a convenient location at 24th and Mission. For some unknown reason, this place is also great for late night lean ins. Lord knows why.Judging by all the positive reviews, this business is going nowhere. I just hope they keep prices reasonable. This is a great business with great service.
Best burrito everrrrr. It's like crispy yakiniku meat met mexican food and created something epic. Go here, you won't be disappointed.
I love El Farlito.  For many years they've been the standard in which I measure burritos.  I was first introduced to them over 15 years ago.  At that time I thought it was just because they were the only ones open late enough to cure the late night hunger so many of us have.  But over the years they have maintained consistent delicious treats.  Tonight was the latest of the beautiful, magnificent, delicious master piece I selfishly consumed.  Now their burritos are large, clocking in at just about 2 lbs.  This means multiple meals for me.  While I was stuffing my face I thought 'do I really need to add another review?'  Clearly so many already know and agree with over 2000 reviews. But I'm selfish and had to add my own few words. I love El Farlito. They are the standard to which all others are measured.
This place deserves every star it gets. Hella divey and HELLA GOOD!!! The super suiza quesadilla was huge and delicious. All the meat is cooked so well and everything tastes completely authentic. I grew up in Southern Cali which has so many amazing Mexican food places that when I'm away somewhere, I never find good Mexican food. But oh my...Farolito? That's what Mexican food is supposed to taste like! I also had the burrito and super nachos that were amaze but the suiza won me over! The food must win everyone over because the line never ended.
I had the quesadilla suiza, which might look tiny at first but is actually a lot of food. It's a supersize quesadilla with the works: sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo, etc. The asada was super flavorful and tender. It's not my favorite Mexican place of all time, but it's the best one I've had in SF!
it is my favorite burrito place in SF and maybe even the world. My favorite burrito is the steak and shrimp super burrito. get it! the chicken quesadilla is great too.
By far the BEST burrito my wife and i have ever had. I am not a big Mexican food person, but this place took me for a loop. Not the best part of town - but don't let that fool you. Great location, right next to the BART on 23rd and Mission. I definitely will be back when my wife and I visit San Francisco again.P.S. You will leave extremely full!!
Legit Mexican food in a city that lacks it for some reason... totally not sure what's up.Cool spot next to BART and completely hole in the wall. Tough to squeeze by all the people waiting in line, but running with the crowd is a good thing when it comes to restaurants.Flautas are pretty good and the people working there are adequately friendly.
I honestly thought this place would have the best Mexican food given the reviews here. IT SUCKED! I don't think the meat was "meat" we ended up throwing away most of the food we bought. 2stars only because it was one of the few Mexican spots we were able to find. Go to LA for good Mexican food!
you have to come here and eat a burrito! it's as advertised, delicious. I wont lie and make it seem like it's the best place on earth, but you will leave happily stuffed and well pleased. it's cheap, it's robust, it's everything you really need in a burrito. they sell other stuff too, but why would you come to a place like this and NOT get a burrito?
My friend hyped this place up like crazy, so maybe that's why I'm not giving it the typical 4-5 stars for a burrito place. I got the regular al pastor burrito, which I enjoyed but thought was a bit dry. I added to the burrito myself by dressing it in salsas. El Farolito doesn't have a huge salsa bar like other taquerias, but the 3-4 types that they do have are all tasty, which actually I prefer because I didn't get overwhelmed by selection and could appreciate each flavor without getting them muddled. I felt daring and tasted one of their pickled jalapenos. It tasted pretty much like a more thin pickle, not really spicy at all, and I ended up eating the entire thing via refreshing bites interspersed throughout burrito-eating. All in all, this place is a great bang for one's buck--or, a mere ~$5 for a regular burrito that fills one up for a record-breaking 8 hours. I would come back again, but not after trying other burrito places in the area.Pros: cheap, fast, fillingCons: diners leave their trash at a rate faster than workers can clean up, so the place is a rather dirty
Carne Asada burrito was average. Maybe I should have tried the super burrito. The salsas were all salty and not spicy. BUT...The Tripas and Al Pastor tacos were SO delicious and filled with lots of meat. They were fairly larger than street tacos back in LA, but packed with the same kind of flavor back at home. So the merrier I became as I forked down the meat and onion that fell out of my taco, which is the second best part of eating a taco (the best part obviously being eating the taco).The workers were attentive and friendly. They quickly gave me extra onions and cilantro when I asked even though it was incredibly busy. For some reason, I love the rather dirty, crowded, fast-paced taqueria. I would come here and skip the hard shell taco with piles of sour cream and lettuce any day. Nothing fancy please, just loads of napkins. Cash only.
Cross contaminationI rarely ever write a review but felt compelled for any people with a severe shellfish allergy like me. We are standing in the long line of hungry and anxious customers just outside this place. Peering through the window we could see the chefs ferociously working to fulfill orders like a well oiled machine. The Carne Asada looked amazing as the grill master mixed and turned the highly desired meat with two spatulas. Then he put some shrimp on the grill and continued the same process of mixing and turning the shrimp with the same spatulas. Then he went back to the meat to mix and turn using the same spatulas. My girlfriend and I looked at each other horrified and sooo disappointed. Then came the reluctant words out of my mouth: we can't eat here. I was so thankful I avoided a trip to the ER after I would've had to stab myself with the EPI pen I carry due to being deathly allergic to shellfish. Super bummed! Heard and read nothing but great reviews about this place!
I've been coming here for about 20 yrs. Best in the bay area hands down I've tried taquerias from just about every city in the the bay. I like Mexican food, it's like comfort food lol. But I will travel from Sacramento to get a super steak burrito, with killer green sauce on the side in a heartbeat.
FAVORITE! :)I went here late night around Halloween time. Oh boy, that was an interesting experience. I saw guys in girl costumes that night and a bunch of drunk people. Anywho, moving onto the actual food and place!This place was packed the day I went! Everyone kept bumping into each other and I think I accidentally touched some guy's ass. The wait was decent..probably 20 minutes. I got the carne asada super burrito and carne asada super nachos. Both were delicious! I loved every bite! The portions were hugeeeeeee! They definitely do not skimp on the meat here. So come here for some awesome Mexican food! Btw, I was sober. (Just in case you thought I was drunk and thought everything I ate was good.)
Overall: best food for late night munchiesPros- super burrito if you hungry, it's as big as a two pound baby- quesadilla suiza (sp?) the cheese is stretchy when you eatCons-lines are usually long but they are quick Sidenote: Come hungry, leave happy and prepare yourself for some major food coma.
Amazing Mexican experience. The super burrito is huge and delicious. Took a little while for the food to come out, but totally worth it. Jam packed the whole time I was there... 3000+ reviews didn't steer me wrong!
This is the only burrito you need to eat in the Bay Area. Special shout out to the Super Quesadilla Suiza; it's good if you're feeling extra gluttonous.
The food and portion was amazing! it's cash only so be sure to have your $$ handy. There is a BofA and Atm nearby so no worries if you don't have cash handy. We ordered the Super Burrito, and the Super Nachos with meat & eggs (YUMM!) - the taco (soft shell) was delicious. They also serve beer... over all: Can't wait to come back! open late till 2:00am.
We were on our way to have a burrito at another establishment- and our Uber driver suggested this place! One of the BEST I've ever had!
Amazing food!!! loved it. staff was friendly.
This was my first time to the El Farolito on 24th. I usually go to the one on Mission and Cayuga. Nothing different from the others -- great food as always. However, there is a long wait at this one and the it's pretty crowded due to the layout of the place. There aren't as many tables for seating as well.I also noticed that they don't give chips for the super burrito's anymore..not sure if it's location-specific or they discontinued that for all.
Apparently this place was mentioned to have the best burritos in America, so I had to give it a try.Carnitas burrito - a staple. Get the super as the sour cream and guacamole make the carnitas even better. Portions are huge here - definitely meant for drunk munchies. Thus, eating this at lunch will knock you out.Tripas burrito - it's nice to know places still to tripas (fried intestine). The ones here are as good as any, with that fantastic tripas aftertaste I love. A good crunch, but I've had better tripas crunches. Ate this before dinner. After taste stayed (which I love). Big burrito.Quesidilla - probably my favorite thing so far. Meats, sour cream, guacamole, and cheese - just soaked and divine.Carne asada nachos - I only wish they gave proportional amounts of cheese and meat to the amount of sour cream they add. Other than that - this is a great group order.
I seriously dream about their al pastor burrito. Just typing that made me hungry and now I'm pissed that I'm in Oakland and not SF to grab one!
Super Burrito. Incredible. Amazing. My favorite. So delicious. Could not recommend it enough. It is my favorite burrito in the Mission. I like the grilled chicken the most. Also the sauces are on point! Especially green sauce!
Living in San Francisco, I've learned to lower my standards regarding Mexican food. I'm from Los Angeles and lived in San Diego aka Mexico, so the food was head and shoulders better. Any who, el farolito is a little overrated in my opinion. I wish I could give them 3 1/2 stars. I did like the unlimited salsa available, seating is limited and the horchata was pretty good. Their famous superburrito was just ok. The couple times I've been here the meat just doesn't live up to the hype. At the same time it isn't bad but I continue to seek good Mexican food in this city.
Having read a lot about the burritos in The Mission, my fiance & I went to El Farolito this past weekend since it showed up first on my Yelp search. We tried the carne asada burrito and several tacos (al pastor, chicken & lengua). I really enjoyed the burrito as the shaved meat had lots of flavor and because it was so creamy with avocado and sour cream. Yum! I also really enjoyed the al pastor taco. The lengua had an interesting texture as it was a stew-like meat. Not bad. The only thing I didn't care for was the chicken taco as it was basically boiled chicken without much seasoning. The prices are very reasonable too for SF standards.This was my first experience with having a "Mission burrito" and I will be going back to try others in the future. I should point out that this place is located right outside of the 24th & Mission BART Station so it is quite convenient to get to. The area outside of the BART station is quite dirty with some sketchy people hanging around it but you should be fine during the daytime.
I have this curse, where I cannot enjoy a Burrito from any Mexican restaurant, because I'll always think in my head "I would prefer Chipotle to this". Well I ordered the carne asada (steak) super burrito and WOW. It was just very, very ,good. It has a much beefier/cheesier taste than Chipotle, which is fantastic. The free Salsas were also excellent, and I wish I ordered the 65 cent chips to go along with them.The line moves fast, but be aware your waiting time may be longer. I waited ~5 minutes in line and waited about 20 minutes afterwards for my single burrito.
I had chicken, beef tongue, and steak tacos..both were good. The sauce was ok, I had better sauce though. La Vics in San Jose has some good orange sauce and Super Taco in Fremont, has huge ass tacos with avocado and the 'works'. This place is good, I think I'll go for the beef tongue again because it's the best beef tongue taco. The chips was a bit disappointing because they don't make their own. This place is pretty busy and is known to have the best burrito, which is indeed huge! I would come back again though, and get their tacos.O yea, CASH ONLY!
The Carne Asada Super Burrito was the best Mexican food I think I have EVER had. The meat was super juicy and flavorful. The large chunks of avocado were awesome. The toppings inside were all fresh and bursting with flavor. The salsa bar was a nice plus too. And did I mention the people who work here are super nice? Moral of the story - if you are in San Francisco, this place is a MUST TRY.
Came here because Esquire magazine claimed this place had the "most life-changing burrito" in the country. Now, being in SF for a year, you can find incredible burritos everywhere, especially in the Mission. BUT...oh man...I went there with my cousin at 2 in the morning after the bars had closed and...oh...OH...I had the best burrito of my life. Super burrito with carnitas, baby. It made me holler like Marvin Gaye. It made me say "YEAH" like Lil' Jon. It made me Scream like Michael and Janet Jackson. It did all those things and most importantly...it hit the motherfucking spot. Go here and have your life changed.
This place was seriously disgusting when we went. The salsa bar had salsa dripping down the front, most of the tables were dirty, the floor needed to be swept. That being said, the food was delicious. The surf and turf burrito was something to write home about. It was well worth the wait in line.
Great food, long lines that move quickly, friendly staff that were happy to help with suggestions about the food so that I would not have to order even more than the 3 items I was already ordering so that I could try a few different options...what more could I want? This is a traditional taco joint in the Mission so don't come here expecting anything fancy or any "latin fusion" style food...it's great food in a gritty no bs kind of way...perfect.
Lots of hype for an average run of the mill taqueria. It's cheap, fast, and offers the basics. I'm not a germaphob but those who are May want to steer clear of this place; not much basic hygiene being practiced here. Nasty tables and employees attending the trash then going directly to the serving line with the same gloves on. My advice is go to a place with less hype and a cleaner environment.
This place smells bad, I think it's because they've got a bar next door and people pee outside when they come out of the bar. There is a huge line and the wait-time is okay, but the food is okay too. I ordered the super veggie burrito and the flan, I loved the flan, it's way better than most flans I've had, but the burrito was okay. I ordered it to go, and I was glad that I didn't eat inside cuz the smell was just really bad. This is a good late-night spot though, they open until 2:30 am!
I love that this place is open so late. Everything about it authentic. I will be coming back here more often!!!
The tortilla & the rice made my simple, vegan burrito so incredibly flavorful! I can't wait to go back!
El Farolito is strong in the burrito wars and they've definitely recruited me. I'm not sure what they do different from other burrito joints exactly, but their burritos just always taste better. Besides that, their portions are huge, the meat is always plentiful and they open late for those long drinking night munchies. My favorite thing to get is a al pastor/carne asada (half and half) burrito with no beans. Magic.
I found this place on Yelp (looking for a place in Nor Cal that sells California burritos, which by the way, I still have not), and one of my friends posted a positive review here, so onto BART I hopped!I've always been warned about certain parts of San Francisco, namely the Tenderloin, Mission, and Bayview. And though I have not had the chance to walk through the Tenderloin or Bayview at night, I have walked around Mission (~7PM in the dark), and it is really not that bad. In fact, it seemed about as normal as walking around downtown, except for the fact that most people are of the Hispanic race.If you do plan on getting lost at some point (and do not speak Espaol), I'd recommend that you bring something with a GPS on it. Or, depending on your level of concerns, a Spanish translator. You could also opt for printing out several pages of Google Maps and taping them together.But in all honestly, unless you're like me, you shouldn't get lost because this place is literally right across the street from the BART station.Ordering was easy, the line didn't stretch until after I came in, and food came quickly. Take as much salsa/jalapeos as you'd like at the salad bar, and you're good to go. I got the super nachos with the super quesadilla, both with carne asada. Meaty, cheesy, greasy, soft, pleasure to the stomach! The nachos came with a ton of meat and slices of avocados. The chips get soggy after carrying them around for awhile in forty degree weather. The quesadilla was extremely filling, which made me realize I should have just ordered one item...The green sauce is really great and has a kick of spice to it.Somebody mentioned them having horchata here... Is that true? I couldn't find it on the menu ):
The food was tasty and I really liked the salsas, but the guy at the front was in a rush and he messed up on my order.What I ordered: Wheat tortilla super burrito with pastor and asadaWhat I got: Flour tortilla super burrito with carnitas and asada... :(Fine, I won't cry over spilled milk. Too lazy to go back and re-do my order, I sucked it up and ate the burrito anyways. The asada was really good, as mentioned in several reviews, but I'm not a fan of the carnitas.  The pork pieces were way too large and chunky and the meat itself was too salty.Salsas: the green one is a mild avocado chile blend, and the chunky one is also mild, the red blended one is the only spicy salsa... My favorite of course is the spicy one!The bf ordered the Camarones A La Diabla - spicy shrimp entree. It comes with rice, beans, lettuce, avocado and corn tortillas. It was a little on the watery side, but not bad either.We came here on a Tuesday night at 9pm and it was PACKED. There are a lot of non-hispanics that eat at this location, but the food still seemed authentic. I like that they give you large slices of avocado in everything and they don't cheap out on their ingredients.Bathroom: there is a camera facing the door so when they see a customer trying to get in, someone will buzz it open to let them in. Kinda creepy, reminds me of jail or mental asylums.. I'd definitely go back to try it again and hopefully they don't mess up my order next time.
After the clubs, you know whassup!! JK but we try to cut before the club gets out so that the wait isn't as long. I've gotten the carne asada quesadilla and it's quite good. The burrito is what's the best here! It's huge and juicy and filled with flavor!
Terrible customer service! They added more tip than I gave and stole from me! Never going back again!!
Inexpensive and decent good spot for after clubbing munchies. It gets crazy packed afterhours but the staff is great at herding people through the line with orders. I liked their carne asada burrito and their homemade hot sauce.
Easily THE best burrito I've ever had! The ratings for this place is off the charts so I had to come! Me and my gf walked all the way from market st to this place. The line was super long and the seating was hella packed. This place has lots of diverse customers which is great! I has to order the super burrito, a quesadilla suiza and a taco. The burrito was huge! The rice and beans were really authentic tasting, the meat was lightly salted and grilled to juicy perfection. The fresh sliced avocados inside the burrito made everything inside smush together which was key. The salsa in the bar were all freshly made too!! Free chips and free music by some Mexican dude walking around with a guitar. Sooo sick! It's cheap here! Only spend $13 and the food was heavy! I've got to come back to this golden taqueria. It's about time I've had Mexican food here at the mission district lol
Great place to go eat after a night of drinking and partying in the city! It's open late and the food is great!
The best burrito I ever had. Chipotle got their inspiration, and their idea came from this place. Sometimes I want to rate places less than one star. i want to rate this place more than 5
People in line might tell you it's not worth the wait, but don't believe them. They just want to take your spot in line. I waited around 20 min on a Saturday night at 2am. Not bad considering that's the prime time everyone's looking for some post-clubbing munches. I ordered the quesadilla suiza with carne asada and ate it like a burrito. Oh my gosh, the juicy grilled steak, generous amounts of cheese, salsa and avocado- hits the spot. If you're eating it on the go, be prepared for dripping juices and major greasy fingers. Get napkins.
Hey San Francisco or Mexico, great job on this sucker. I'm from LA, where I had initially thought Mexican food was done right (also Freebirds in Santa Barbara), but this place just knocked me over. There is a line, but definitely worth the wait.  I got the carne asada quesadilla, which by the way was not a regular quesadilla, it was the HULK of all quesadillas. Because when you opened that aluminum cocoon, there lies not one, but TWO tortilla wrapped surprises. And I ate them....both of them....and I'm not ashamed...hmmmmmm
If I lived in San Fran, I would be here way too much. It is SO good, worth all the hype, and worth all the time standing in line. Just do yourself a favor and come here. Don't think about it, just stop reading, and follow your google map directions straight to the big line outside of this authentic, super tasty Mexican joint.
Look no further! Had the chicken super burrito and now it is my favorite Mexican food in the city. $6.75. The chicken was tender white meat, no chewy fat or chips of bone. Every ingredient had great flavor. Tight seating, but that's to be expected in an authentic taqueria. Line out the door was so worth the wait. Three very good homemade salsas to choose from. Grab a bag of chips for 65 to try the flavors. Plethora of beverage options. Tip: keep your ticket handy when waiting for your food. They will ask you for it when your order is up.
This place is da bomb! We ordered the grilled chicken quesadilla and the marinated chicken burrito and it blew us away. First of all the flavour of the meats were fantastic. Secondly, you get unlimited salsa and guac. Not to mention we got all of this plus a couple of beers for under $25! The only unnerving thing was we went there pretty late at night and it was kinda sketchy. We are not from here so maybe that's why we felt a little intimidated at first. But once you get in there and get your food...well it was all worth it!! Keep up the good work guys at el farolito!!
Authentic! By that I mean the food, ambience, music, everything. And go figure, it's cash only. The place is depressing feeling (poorly lit, grungy, cramped), but hey, that's authentic right? Er...anyway...The portions are huge and the food is good. I like my guac, but the generous slices of avocado on the super nachos were pretty awesome. The carnitas were very juicy, but not so crispy. The quesadillas are also huge. As a current San Diegan, it's not the best Mexican I've ever had, but it was very obviously the good stuff.
Great food!! Had super burrito best I've had in a while good service in a timely fashion
This is a classic San Francisco Mexican food joint. I had a chicken taco and it was good. Had some of my friend's veggie burrito. I like to compare Mexican food restaurants to Chipotle. Just kidding.
Ok the Burrito was good. But I mean, a burrito is a burrito right? The place is very dirty and has a bad smell.
This place is definitely authentico local taqueria. Think Cancun or any of the other mission classics. Divey - not fancy at all. Cheap though. You can still get a $6 burrito here.However, I am veggie and there are definitely places with better veggie options. Chips are extra which was also a bit annoying but unlimited salsa and the salsa verde was really good. I would go back but I like other places on 24th (vallarta) better
Best burritos/al pastor in the city. It's as simple as that.
My new favorite burrito joint in the city!I can't believe I haven't heard about this place earlier! I got the Super Burrito with Carne Asada, only $5.75!! so much cheaper than the burritos I get in San Jose. Plus I had the 50%-off Scoutmob coupon, what a deal! I really like their tortilla and the fillings are also so yummmm. They are featured in the 7x7 magazine again and listed in the 100 Foods you should try in SF before you die.The only thing I didn't like about going here was dealing with some of the people. I was saving a table as my friend was ordering our food and this guy in line says to me, "kung fu" so I just give him this look, and then he goes "ninja turtles", and I said "What?" and he was like "oh nothing, I was just being racist". So I give him a dirty look and just brushed it off. Then as we are eating, he tells us to spell God backwards and that we'll be impressed....good to just ignore these kinds of people.
The Super Burrito is at the top of so many "best of" lists for a reason. But there doesn't need to be a winner, just know that this is a damn good burrito and you will love it. End of story.
100 STARS!My Carnitas super burrito lived up to the hype. And it's SO CHEAP!Marry me, El Farolito.
I normally don't get carne asada since it gets a bit dry but El Farolito's was moist. I had the super burrito and my bf got the same but with carnitas. Both burritos were fresh and service was quick despite the long line. I'm guessing it's always pretty busy and a little sketchy at midnight but well worth it. Definitely a place to go for all your Mexican food cravings.
Whoa. Delicious gut-bomb carnitas burrito? CHECK!We were very excited to get a taste of the Mission District and probably couldn't have come to a better spot. No frills, gimmicks, or anything like that. Come in, order a cheap burrito off the menu, give him your cash (no cards), and become extremely full for the rest of the day. As explained earlier, I had the Carnitas Super burrito which had all of the fixins. This sucker was HUGE and cheap!Their salsas are serve yourself and offer the assortment of Mexican colas and Jarritos. Solid spot. Come now.
Came to this place after looking at some of the best reviewed restaurants on Yelp in the SF area and was not disappointed. I came sober, so my review doesn't come after a night of drinking and wanting some late-night chow, and I'm still giving it 5 stars. I had a carne asada burrito and my friend had the breakfast burrito. They were freaking huge and neither of us could finish ours, so I got to take both of them on the plane back to the east coast. I really liked my burrito but I actually have to say that the breakfast burrito with chorizo was significantly better with way more flavor. I basically ate two whole burritos for the entire 20 hour day, and they kept me more than full. If I were going here for lunch I might order something smaller or split with someone.Definitely would go back here, and definitely would make the trip after a night of drinking (and order something small).
I've been hearing about how great El Farolito is for some time. I however decided to try out El Tacqueria first down the street due to some list calling it the best Mexican food in the country... Which was disappointing for a couple reasons.Anyways, I found myself by 24th Street BART one afternoon, starving since I hadn't eaten since breakfast and with a few bucks in my pocket so I stopped in and ordered the super carne asada burrito. It was spectacular, better than anything else in the Mission, comparable in price and, more importantly, big enough to actually sate a starving man's hunger (El Tacqueria super burrito is very small and shockingly overpriced, if delicious, compared to other Mission shops).I'd give it 5 stars but it charges extra for chips which I think is just not right.
Recommended by san diego people, saying very close to equal mexican food in SD.I have to say that the meat was pretty delicious.Lines vary depending on when you go.
When I used to work in the mission, this was my favorite spot for burritos. The lengua (beef tongue) and the al pastor (bbq pork) here has so much flavor and consistently been juicy and tender. They also don't skimp on the guac (which is the second important part for me after the meat in a burrito). It does get packed during lunch, so be prepared.
Since moving to San Francisco from Los Angeles (native to neither locations - so I'm not biased!) almost a year ago I've had really intense Mexican food cravings at really random times. Actually, it's more like every other other day. Every three days basically. And that's not to say I ate alot of Mexican food in LA, I actually didn't.But I digress... TACOS ALL DAY, SON!El Farolito is what everyone says it's about. It's a hole in the wall at a sketchy area of the mission (soon to not be so sketch is ya know what I mean). It's solid CHEAP food and it hits the spot at 11PM at night. All I get is the tacos, but that damn quesidilla has been teasing me for a long time. I might take the plunge.No guac, order a side of avocado instead.Also don't expect the tables to be clean and God help you if you happen to swipe your hand underneath the table top!
I know everyone and their moms have been here. Because... it's really that good. I'd definitely say my super carne asada burritos are one of, if not the, best burritos I've ever had. Let's dissect this and figure out why.1. HUGE, HEAVY burrito - more than enough for 2 meals. $7 well spent 2. Carne asada meat itself was flavorful and abundant throughout the burrito body3. Fresh avocado is included in the Super size!!! FRESH!4. Ingredients tasted good, enough said5. Y'know how usually, when you eat a burrito, you can't taste this or that and then all of sudden, it's all at one end? Well, not at Farolito! Sour cream, cheese, and avocado in every single bite. Delicious.Not related to the food, but sometimes there is live music playing!
The burritos here were really good. This is a authentic hole in the wall Mexican joint. I ordered the super quesadilla with carnitas and super burrito with carne asada. Both of them were phenomenal. The tortilla had a light crisp and the meat was very tender and the burrito was juicy and flavorful. I would definitely come again if I'm in the city and want some delicious Mexican food. Plus the prices were about 6-8 buck each. Not very expensive either!
Given the 2,813 reviews that precede my own, I have never had higher expectations in my life for a burrito than I have before eating El Farolito. Sin embargo, there is no question they live up to the hype. Truthfully I am not much of a burrito person and that always felt like a sin through college and a travesty during the 20s as eating a tortilla filled with mexican food has for some reason become a pastime, an obsession, a hobby which has breeded its own line of connoisseurs, amateurs, and bloggers of all flavors. It seems in not truly embracing the overfilling tortilla wrapped heaping of rice, beans, and meat of choice, I have traversed, inadvertently, the road less traveled. A lonely road indeed, cast with shadows of doubt and social ostracism; where did I go wrong? I just never thought burritos were qualified as extra-ordinary, unless in the case you eat a lot and in the moment are starving.Much like its name, El Farolito is like a small beacon of hope amidst a fog of darkness for the burritod agnostic, for the ones who've lost their way in trying to enjoy said edible 'little donkey' without lukewarm ruminations of sheer apathy, for the ones whose hearts led their expectations for an earthly burrito too far unto the skies of more delicately and heartily prepared gastronomic creations. It is the keyhole to a forgotten room through which light shines through and illuminates treasures of antiquity, forgotten tastes, works of art, lost in time as if they were never even there. But there' is not an attic, 'there' isnt a case of jewelry in a first class bedroom of a deeply sunken ship, 'there' is not a hidden beach shielded by treacherous tides savvy sailors never dare sail near. No. 'There' is a burrito shop in the Mission of San Francisco. 'There' is a place of renewal, rejuvenation, a fountain of youth for the aged, embittered diner of occasional burrito consumption.The al pastor super burrito was simply incredible. Perfectly marinated pork. Really, each ingredient was just right - you know a lot of burrito shacks screw up the rice or the beans or at least one part of it - El Farolito got every ingredient just right. The overall combination of everything (ratio of each ingredient) was just right as well.(Don't lie you don't want your burrito loaded with an over sized scoop of beans we've all been there). I absolutely enjoyed every bite! Que grande
I give this place a thumbs up because it was the first place that I saw SHRIMP BURRITO on the menu. Yeah. I don't eat meat so I was definitely excited to try it since my friend talk about this place every other day. I can't say I was ever a fan of burritos. I didn't hate it, I didn't love. Same with this place and their shrimp burrito, I didn't love it, I didn't hate it. The shrimp was really goood and everything in the burrito was perfectly flavored also! However, I wish that they would chop up their shrimp so it's more evenly distributed in the burrito instead of having 5-6 shrimp right smack in the middle. Since the shrimp is the main part of the burrito, it's not that appetizing when I'm just stuck with rice and beans. Definitely on the pricier side for a shrimp burrito (I think it was $11). Don't know if I would pick this place over all the other places in the area but I would definitely come here if I'm ever craving a burrito.
Love the atmosphere and late night hours. Great food and service!
Burrito with boil chicken was good. Carnitas here is fried chunks of meat (not pulled). Quesadillas look really good.
Line out the door. Great prices and quality food. The restroom is disgusting. Love the green Salsa.. :-)
This place legitimately made me speechless.My friend raved about this place so I came with high expectations - and they were certainly met.The carne asada super burrito really blew me away. It was by far the most delicious burrito that I've ever put into my mouth. The beans, rice, guac, sour cream, and the juicy, delicious meat complimented each other perfectly and I just couldn't get enough. Their homemade salsas were delicious as well along with the pickled peppers. It was definitely one of the highlights of my trip in SF in terms of food. IF you don't get this when you're near here, something is seriously wrong with you.
Not much in the way posh setting, cash only is a dead giveaway the food is legit. Work lunch and it was well worth the trek. Shrimp tostada, carnitas suiza quesadilla were amazing and priced right!!!
If you want an excellent burrito this is your place! Especially if you need a late night fix. The service is quick, and the food is always fresh. Just delicious! The portions are huge, and worth every penny!
As a southern california L.A. burrito aficinado, I like to think I know a thing or two about carne asada burritos. Enter Farolito! This is a top-class hole in the wall, cash-only joint where you'll be able to choose from a host of offerings - quesadillas, burritos, and super (loaded) burritos!I got the carne asada super, which came with avocado, sour cream, cheese, tomatoes, onions, rice, and delicious carne asada. The burrito is SENSATIONAL, this ain't no Chipotle. Top it off with Negra Modelo and you have the perfect meal. This is probably the bay area's top burrito manufacturer. They've got the assembly line down.Street parking is a cinch and they take cash only but for a gynormous burrito, the prices aren't too bad. Mid 5's to mid 6's. You'll also get free live mariachi band music most of the time you're there.
What are you doing? Stop reading yelp and order a fucking burrito, and make it carne asada. I mean really, do it.However if you insist on reading a review to see if you truly do want to eat the food of gods then by all mean, continue. I found t this majestic hole in the wall by complete accident. While living in Bernal Heights I was on a mission (get it...mission....in the mission....puns...) to find the best burrito. I am VERY picky about my burritos and by that I mean I only eat good ones. They have to be big and hearty- full of beans, veggies, salsa, sour cream and MEAT! Failure after failure of taquerias in the mission I was beginning to become distraught. Then like a golden beam from the taqueria gods I decided to walk into the shitty building surrounded by bums, because it's SF and why not? Thank the burrito gods for my luck, as I have never looked back!! Best. Burrito. In. The. World. Even better at 2:05 am, then as a sweet surprise when you wake up from you're drunken stupor at 8:05 am. Trust.
OMG. Their tacos are sooooo yummy. They put sour cream instead of cheese. To die for.
This place was recommended to me by a friend who used to live in the SF area. He is a die-hard burrito fanatic so I took his recommendation very highly. It did not dissappoint. We ordered the Super Suiza with Carne Asada and honestly, it was the most amazing flavor explosion ever. We had also ordered a burrito, but neither of us could put down the suiza. We ended up filling ourselves with the suiza and the poor burrito (which was also delicious) went barely touched. CASH ONLY!
Food quality went wayyy downhill. I had two tacos the other day and I couldn't even finish them. I ordered grilled green onions and couldn't even finish that. Something was definitely wrong. The bf had a cabeza quesadilla and he couldn't finish his food either. We also ordered a cup of guacamole for $3. It was worse than store bought guac. What a disappointment. We've both been coming here for years and used to love it. We both came hungry and we both ended up leaving hungry.
Almost 1300 reviews for this place, so not sure what more I can add.This? (yelp.com/biz_photos/SGRm). And, it only goes to show how popular this location is. Being next to the 16th St BART station surely helped the latenighters (closes at 2am I believe, or was it 3am?). My usual is al pastor tacos - consistently good, as are their salsa station (yelp.com/biz_photos/SGRm).While it's not my favorite EF, half of all EF visits are here. The place feels too cramped though, with the front seating side by side with the wait line. Walking through to the back (or leaving) is like a Mexican folk dance, and it can get stuffy or cold, or both.Note: Was surprised I hadn't reviewed this EF before. Sometimes, repeat visits will make one think that obviously they've reviewed a place, lol.
Humongous burrito, but beside that, I really don't see what all the hype on yelp is all about. The carne asado super burrito was pretty bland and had too much rice and beans. The al pastor and carne asado tacos was loaded with meat, however, again the meat was flavorless. I definitely don't see anything special about this place. I prefer El Burrito Express on Divisidero over this place any day
3am drunk food! i usually despise mexican food. meat is usually dry. its usually a combination of the same flavorless beans, rice, meat. but not over here... SUPER BURRITO- very juicy and unexpectedly flavorful! it didn't need extra salsa to spice it up. it was perfect just the way it was. and super huge too! enough for 2 people to fill up after a long night.
Best burrito ever!
So my recent visit to El Farolito was the ultimate test: to try their food while not drunk with the munchies!I got the super suiza quesadilla with carne asada - I guess that's what I get when I'm drunk too. It did not disappoint! I love the creaminess in this quesadilla that comes from the avocado, sour cream, and cheese. They have a small salsa bar too. I like their avocado-green salsa - super yummy!However, my friend was not as satisfied as I was with the regular carne asada burrito. She claims the meat was dry and that there was nothing special about their salsa inside the burrito.I like how they have options for the type of tortilla you could get: from flour, to wheat, to spinach - no charge!I'll keep coming back to this place. I'm definitely a fan. I should venture more and try other things besides the super suiza quesadilla, but it'll be difficult!
You know how guys sometimes get "p__y whipped" in relationships?? Well, El Farolito has "burrito whipped" me. Let me explain...I wandered in here a few years ago as a novice foodie with the stomach capacity of a bird. I ordered the super veggie burrito and the guy at the register smirked at me, kind of like he was thinking, "Haha good luck, you're a petite little girl about to me manhandled by our monstrous burritos!!!" So I kind of glared back and challenged him. Then when my number was called, he handed me an object in foil that was heavier than most newborns. I trudged over to Dolores Park, sat down, and ate about a quarter of the thing before I had to unbutton my pants to make room for the food baby that had appeared in my stomach.The sad part? When I went back for another one the next week and was able to eat half. And then before I knew it, I was eating the WHOLE THING in one sitting. Yep. I now have the stomach capacity of a beast, all because of this little hole in the wall taqueria. Gross or impressive? I'll let you decide :)
Came here cuz our dinner at la taqueria down the street was not good whatsoever. Super quesadilla is SUPER sized and packed with SUPER flavor and is SUPER delicious. I wish it was located closer to me :( But I definitely would travel distances for this place, even if there are SEVERAL, SEVERAL taquerias in San Jose. Gotta hit this place up every time I'm in SF. Best Mexican food I've ever had.Oh yeah, carne asada please.
I made it a point to seek out an epic burrito during a recent shotgun road trip up to this city. San Francisco has been referred to as the holy burrito mecca, and I wanted to see what this madness was about. I did my research - on Yelp, through SF Weekly, and by watching Eddie Huang's Fresh Off the Boat on YouTube. The consensus was that El Farolito reigns supreme, thus my location was marked. Eating a burrito from here was not the transcending experience I think I had hoped it would be. The super burrito with carnitas, for a mere $6 and change, was definitely one of the most solid burritos I've ever eaten. It might have even been the best. I'll be honest - I've eaten too many burritos to really crown any one king. There was something special, though, about eating a mondo-sized burrito in the grubby Mission district with the locals. My friend Robert and I stood out as particular gringos, but the surroundings just added more flavor to my meal. People say all the time on Yelp how a French restaurant in LA was good, but wasn't as good as the French food they had while in France. I always feel like the food in of itself was probably just as good if not better, and it was the personal experience of being in France that gave that food experience the edge. This was certainly the case for me at El Farolito - I could certainly eat a similar burrito in any number of crappy Tex-Mex stands across the country, but I'm confident none will ever leave the same lasting impression that the one I enjoyed here did.
Got in right before the lunch rush while on a visit to the city. Been a few years since I've been in the Mish, and just proves to me, this is THE BEST quick takeout Mexican you will find anywhere! My Hawaiian family LOVED it! Aloha! See you next time
Holy Smokes. Everything on their menu is massively delicious. I ordered the tacos with the carnitas. Amazing! Their portions are huge, and they pile the meat on like no other. It is definitely a hole in the wall. Limited seating, and not the clean-est place. But their food makes up for it.Their quesedillas are delicious as well! I have dreams about it sometimes..
This place never fails to satisfy me whenever I need my weekly super carne asada burrito. So absolutely delicious, so much avocado, and not to mention huge portions. This taqueria will always hold a special place in my heart.
Not worth the hype and they don't take credit. Subpar burrito, ordered chicken super burrito
Green Sauce, what it do?!
While better than the last mission burrito I had, still not completely amazing. First off, there weren't free chips, which was disappointing. The sauce was decent, but not spectacular. And the burrito, while "good," not anything out of the ordinary.
The first thing I always think of after a night of drinking and dancing in the Mission is where to get a burrito when I'm done. I picked this spot thanks to Yelp, with over a thousand reviews and over four stars.The first thing I noticed was the long line, but many people in line comforted me by telling me, "It's worth the wait!" The window in front of the store displaying their freshly grilled and cooked meats enticed me further.The first bite into my pollo super burrito was heaven because I loved the cripsy grilled outside of the tortilla! The burrito was huge, stuffed with enormous amounts of meat, beans, avocados, sour cream, pico de gallo, cheese, and rice. I liked how there was a big salsa bar that offered a few different salsas. My favorite was the creamy green salsa.This place isn't the cleanest or nicest restaurant, but they offer quality meats with cheap prices. A super burrito is only $5.45! This will be one of my stops after a night of barhopping in the Mission.
Their super suiza is crazy good. I'm from San Diego and have not found any good Mexican food places in SF that compare to what you can find in SD... But I might even consider trading a California burrito from SD for their suiza. It's always so tempting to go there after a fun night out.
Really not that great. Certainly not a 4.5 star spot. I ordered the super nachos w/ 1/2 Al Pastor and 1/2 Carnitas. Husband ordered the carne asada burrito. The nachos were SUPER greasy. Not the good kind either, but the kind where the microwaved cheese is greasy and globby. The burrito was ok. The beans in them were really soft. Aside from that, everything was pretty bland. Wouldn't come here again, and wouldn't recommend it to my friends.
Omg best Mexican food I've had since San Diego. Had their carne asada quesadilla and had an orgasm in my mouth. Definitely have to come back next time I'm in the area
El Farolito is the best burrito I've ever had. Definitely worth a visit to the Mission in my opinion. I'm no burrito connoisseur but I know I liked it! The place is very casual and cheap. $6 for a chicken burrito with yummy fillings including avocado, rice, grilled chicken, and pinto beans. Salsa verde and a red salsa are served on the side. Bottled beers are $3 each and they have several Mexican beers to choose from.I can't wait to go back when in San Francisco. I'd heard about this place for awhile and it was worth the wait! I think it's cash only if I remember correctly. Many small businesses in San Francisco are cash only so be prepared.
Well looks like the articles really were right, El Farolito is hands down the best burrito place in San Francisco. No surprise, since it is located in the heart of the Mission, and is as authentic as a burrito can get. I loved the chorizo and carne asada super burrito! The way they melt the cheese is to die for. I really want to come back and try the super nachos that come with fried eggs! I was too scared to try the brains and intestines that they have, but maybe I will be more brave next time...
Came here because a friend recommended it and I got a burrito al pastor. Not the best I've had but by far not the worst. If I'm in the area and wanna grab some mexican food I would definitely consider heading here if the other popular places are packed.
This place is great, the line is out the door on friday and saturday nights... Very cheap and very large burritos...I usually get my food with no rice because they do tend to go a little heavy on it or maybe the spoon is just big...I like all the food but I gave it 3 stars because the place could use a little more attention. The bathrooms smell pretty bad, (try to not sit in the back area, smells like pee sometimes!) and the place is just dirty and feels old. I ask myself, with all the money that this place is producing, how come they can't invest a few $$$ to give it a facelift and buy some bathroom cleaning supplies?
Best. Burritos. PERIOD.Super burrito with Carne Asada, get it! I'm usually wary of getting steak in my burrito since I tend to get fatty parts, but not with this burrito. Steak was SUPER tender. I actually don't have anything more to say, go for a burrito and you'll see why I'm at a loss for words lol yum!
For all the hype, I've had much better burritos elsewhere in SF.
Despite being hole in the wall, Their Food was amazingCarne asada was very tender and juicythe burrito was delicious til the very last bite.I enjoyed it very much. Thank you
CASH ONLY!Ok, you can tell this place is good when it's packed and you have trouble finding a seating area because it's packed with people of all ethnicities. In addition, it's Mexican food made by Mexicans (sorry if this statement sounds racist, there was no intention of it being that)!!! So you know this place is legit and authentic. You can also see them cooking your dish if you hang around the front (they have see through windows). Prices are extremely reasonable (under $10 and you get a lot) and all food is made to order so it comes out hot, steamy, and fresh. I ordered the SUPER QUESADILLA SUIZA (one large soft-flour tortilla w/ cheese, avocado, sour cream, fresh salsa, and your choice of meat or vegetarian). I chose MARINATED PORK as my meat. While waiting for our order, we enjoyed chips and salsa (they have a variety of salsa in the front for you to try out). Once my order arrived, my goodness, it was huuuuuuuge!!! Surprisingly, I was able to eat about 85% of it (and didn't eat anything else for the rest of the day - I was so full). Why? Because it was the bomb!!! The marinated pork was so savory and you could taste the actual pork along with the marinated juice. Scrumptious! The sour cream, salsa, and avocado really helped balance the pork throughout the whole dish.Just a warning for those who are trying to choose something healthy, my dish had so much oil and fat gushing out of it (which can be a good and bad thing depending on your perspective). Like the oil made the paper see through and was very orange. Hehheheeh. Didn't stop me from eating my SUPER QUESADILLA SUIZA though. For those who want true, authentic, well-made, delicious Mexican food, check this place out. It's a wonderful hole-in-the-wall place that will surprise you with their spectacular quality and flavor of their food.
So here's the deal. As San Franciscans we are all constantly berated w/ new hot items and places to eat and a good portion of them are a huge f&cking disappointment. This is NOT one of those cases.Every positive thing I've heard about the Carne Assada burrito for the past three years is 100% true and I should be publicly shamed for waiting as long as I did to shove that 3lb meat bag in my face.
BEST DRUNK FOOD EVER.If you stumble in at 1 or 2AM, be ready to wait in line and see other "messy" people inside. Actually, I should probably broaden my statement because I've eaten here sober, too. The burritos and quesadillas are the most San Diego-like mexican food that I've found in SF. It reminds me of home, so El Farolito will always have a special place in my heart. We almost always get the "quesadilla para dos" for $10 and in reality it's more like "quesdailla para tres o quatro" because the thing is monstrous.
The burritos are ok. Nothing special, but pretty good. The inside is pretty cramped, but the line moves pretty darn quickly which is nice.
We found this place to read Yelp. We got there and there was a line out the door. I am so glad that we ate here because it was the best Mexican food I've ever had. Even though it was very busy we were still able to get a table. And they didn't become available pretty quickly
Coming from Southern California I thought that I have tried all of the best burritos there were to offer. I was mistaken. I got this burrito after a night out and it was the best burrito I've ever had. If you're in SF you need to try this place!
Came late on a Saturday night, line was out the door. Took about 15 minutes from arrival to devour time. And devour we did! Both the Chile Relleno and Carne Asada burritos were huge, the well made tortilla stuffed to the brim with goodness. Would I recommend this place for a romantic evening? Not a chance. After pounding a few beers and shots on an empty stomach? I think you know the answer...
We knew right away it was going to be good food based on the line... No one waits in a long line for bad food! We ordered carnitas burrito and carne asada taco and they were delicious! So good that my son was licking the paper in the basket!
Go to El Farolito. Then cross the street. And walk into the far superior Guadalajara. (spell check?)
I think I was too sober for this place. Don't get me wrong, I love hole-in-the-wall places like this as they'll be hidden gems that put their all into the food don't really mess around with restaurant upkeep. I can appreciate that. But I wasn't even happy with the food. We came for dinner and I got the carne asada burrito. The carne asada was dry, the rice and beans were not that flavorful, and the ingredients were far from fresh. I was very disappointed as my expectations were high from Yelp. Won't be coming back unless I'm intoxicated. Maybe that's the trick.
I'm from Southern California, so that says alot about my taste in Mexican food. El Farolito does not disappoint. Authentic flavors, fresh ingredients, and best of all open late. Do yourself a favor and come here if you havn't already. Most likely, you'll become a regular after those late nights out in the city. Every on the menu is spectacular. Their salsa selection is great with their free chips as you wait for the food. PROTIP: Strawberry horchata ftw
Greatest burrito I've ever had - and that's from a guy from LA.  I was in SF for a weekend, and this was my last meal. It was nice to just eat in a chill spot instead of fancy restaurants all weekend. While waiting in line, I was trying to choose between the lengua and the chicken. The gentleman in the kitchen let me taste test both. The lengua was succulent, moist and seemed like it was braised for hours. Lengua tacos would be amazing, but I think a bit too rich for a whole burrito. So I decided to go with a chicken/chorizo combo. I also loved that they had all 3 choices for beans, and they were extremely accommodating with all of the combo options and preferences. The true test of a good burrito is the perfect layering, and the ability of the burrito to stand up on its own - this one had it all. Perfection.You must go here. Good work.
TIP: Cash only. Bring change too for the jukebox! Hop off BART at 24th street and Mission, walk past the ghetto areas with strangers yelling at you, and you'll find yourself here. I came in on a Thursday at lunch, and there was no wait. Ordered a steak burrito and it came out piping hot, like...I can't even hold it right now hotttt. The steak was nice and tender with rice, beans, creamy avocado, and a heavy helping of sour cream. I love authentic Mexican food, and this hits the spot. I also tried the Agua Fresca (strawberry), and it was sweet and refreshing.
pretty good
Ultimate late night burrito in the mission. The quesadilla with insanely good (and insanely big). I came here with 4 friends (they got a burrito, another quesadilla with chicken, nachos and a meal) and all of us were unanimous, fast easy and amazing.
I love good Mexican food. This place serves one of the most delicious burritos I've ever had. While the steak burrito is on the 7x7 list, I highly recommend trying the shrimp burrito. IT IS BOMB DIGGITY. The burrito is huge and stuffed! They DO NOT SKIMP OUT on the fix-ins. This place opens late as well, I believe, and so it's a great place to go after you've gone bar-hopping crazy in the Mission.I've also tried their nacho plate with chicken add-on. THIS PLATE IS SO FREAKIN HUGE. It was amazing. I could not finish it all. And, YES IT WAS DELICIOUS.Quick tip, cash only!
A New Yorker livin in Latino Corona- Farolito is the best burrito I've ever had. Super carne asada- the meat, the avocado, the rice, the flavor, and the mouth feel is immaculate. Very small and tight and Ko of dirty just reflects the great food and cheap price and culture of The Mission. If you're lucky, some busoleros will come and play dope live music with guitars and accordions as you munch on some really flakey and crispy chips at 50 cents a bag. Unlimited Salsa bar is a plus. When I come back to SF, this is the first thing I'm having again.
Go to place after the club. I think this is the best burrito spot in town. After 1-2 pm, be prepared to wait in line.
This place was recommended to me by a friend who said it was mind blowing when she came during her last visit in SF. I was skeptical since I am a huge Chipotle fan but the food definitely was great and so cheap! One of my favorite item there was definitely to my own surprise, their cantaloupe agua fresca. I ordered it on a whim after seeing my other friend order it and I still think about it to this day. It tasted like the pure essence of a super ripe cantaloupe! The shrimp ceviche taco was also really good.
I might be the only person in SF who doesn't understand the undivided love for El Farolito's burritos. The ratio of meat to beans to rice seems so off to me. Granted its like (meat/beans/rice) 20/30/40 + 10% cheese, guac, etc. So you do get meat in every other bite, but I want meat in every bite!I don't know... I just haven't loved it yet... I'd rather head to El Burrito Express 2 where I can get way more steak (with that awesome grilled taste) and their expresso sauce.
El Farolito is as old as the Gold Rush, isn't it? It has to be because I swear I've seen that yellow formica in a museum somewhere. Or was it in the Mission? Maybe it was here. OK, full circle, now I'm back. Jamie was dying to try it since a Latina colleague of his insisted they make the best burritos in town. Fair enough assessment since it appears to draw all walks of life in here. Can such a cross-section of humanity be entirely wrong? Turns out they aren't as the food here is definitely a cut above a lot of the other tacquerias in the 'hood. Just don't expect much atmosphere unless you're looking to eat in the DMV because that's exactly how it feels with a long line waiting to order, a fluctuating crowd waiting to pick up their orders, and people trying to squeeze into any available table to have an actual dining experience. That would be Jamie W. and me as we secured a table adjacent to the line. Lucky us. All of humanity was staring at us eat wondering if we ordered the right thing or concluding we were just dos homos in complete ignorance of what to order here. I think it was a combination of both starting with Jamie's $5.75 order of a Super Burrito with Marinated Pork (Al Pastor), a tasty mouthful that deserves its reputation of flavorful ingredients that they definitely don't skimp on(see photo). He also had a $1.95 Regular Taco with chicken (see photo) which he finished in quick order. Mine was an actual dinner platter, the $7.75 Carne Asada, which consisted of thin, slightly overcooked slices of steak topped with grilled scallions accompanied by a side salad, refried beans, rice and four steaming tortillas (see photo). It was very good stuff especially as makeshift burritos with the scallions providing a nice crunch. I liked it, and I'll probably order it again. But please stop staring at me! FOOD - 4 stars...solid, consistent, no-frills Mexican is a touchstone for many in the Mission AMBIANCE - 2 stars...well, it ain't Gary Danko SERVICE - 3 stars...fast...and brush up on your espanol TOTAL - 4 stars...hard to beat for a hearty, fast-food deal in these parts and especially right outside the 24th Street BART station
So being intrigued by all the stellar reviews, we finally ventured out to El Farolito last night. I ordered the carne asada super burrito and my sweetheart got chicken and steak tacos. My first bite into my burrito featured a gristly rubbery piece of meat, which for me is an instant deal-breaker. Now I realize that there are cultural tolerances for this sort of thing but when I have to spit gristle or blubber out of any meal, I'm done. The flavor was decent but definitely not the best I've tasted. The tacos were huge, which to us wasn't a good thing. We like the little "street tacos" best. The salsas were unremarkable and the place was a bit of a mess as expected. Now we have it out of our system and our curiosity has been quenched so moving on.
Have been to the Taqueria multiple times over the years and have yet to be disappointed. The burritos are the best item on the menu . The lines can be long at any hour of the day, but worth it. After club hours are entertaining as well. Come here for the best super burritos.
YUM. So happy that el farolito was my first foray into SF's mexican cuisine scene.TACOS: the al pastor packed a punch. perfectly seasoned and kept me picking every last little piece off the plate. the pollo was a tad flavorless and i left most of it. don't expect any veggies on these tacos - these tacos were all meat and salsa, but I was certainly not complaining. BURRITO: this is where it's really at. I kept trying to swipe a bite from my bf...without a word i would just pop my little face in front of his gigantic burrito (which was about the size of my face) and steal another mouthful. flavorful beans, well seasoned rice, fresh sour cream, and the dopest carne asada.
Really good burritos. Perhaps the best I've had. Nice balance of ingredients - sour cream, guacamole, meat, cheese, beans, etc. Great, fresh salsas. Price is unbeatable. $6 for a bigger one than Chipotle. Great service too.
El Farolito is a pretty interesting small restaurant located right next to the 24th street bart station. Talk about easy transportation and access. There's quite a big variety of characters here from hipsters to just plain old highschoolers. There was a line out the door at this place during the dinner rush. It took about 20 minutes or so of waiting for the burrito to be ready. The place inside was pretty jammed packed with people. Just finding a place to stand for the food to be ready was crazy! I would advice grabbing stuff here to-go.Carne asada burrito was pretty big burrito and it was good. The steak's texture wasn't tough and was well cooked. It tasted really well marinated also. The rice and everything else tasted fresh. The burrito wasn't dry, which is a great plus for me. Had too many burrito with dried up beef and stale rice. This one was hard to put down and took a few dozen nom nom nom to finish. The price is pretty cheap and really great for the portion they give. It was definitely worth every penny.Chips are an extra 50 cents here. The sauce counter is by the register. The green sauce was pretty delicious. I can see why everyone grabs like three plastic containers worth of this stuff. Lastly, CASH ONLY!
Like this place needs another review... Seriously amazing gigantic burritos. Free chips and salsa while you wait.I had the super vegetarian burrito.  And it bested me.  I spent $10 for the burrito and a tecate. Very much worth your money.Go. Eat. Be happy!
This place is amazing. Had the torta and the burritto with my lady and it was unreal. It's always packed but worth the wait. :)
I came here last night after a night of going out in Mission. We got here before the crowd showed up. SCORE! I ordered the super suiza quesadilla - flour tortilla and carne asada. My friend got the same thing but with a spinach tortilla instead.The quesadilla is suppose to come with cheese, meat, avocado and sour cream. When I first started eating, there was all of the above minus the sour cream. I didn't really notice anything off till I was about half way through the quesadilla. Then the avocado disappeared too. WTF? I looked at my friend's quesadilla and hers was oozing with sour cream and avocado. WAIT A SECOND. WHERE'S MY SOUR CREAM? I LOVE SOUR CREAM. I opened up my quesadilla, and yea, no more avocados! and 0 sour cream! WHATTTT! OH HELL NAW. I'M ABOUT TO SMACK A BEECH.Well, okay in reality I did nothing and just sulked :( SHOULD'VE JUST WENT TO LA VICS IN SJ :((((( WHAT A WASTE OF CALORIES....but I'll come back ONE MORE TIME. and that's gonna be the make it or break it.
Finally, a good taco joint in the city. The lengua and cabeza are the way to go... Deliciously tender and piled on corn tortillas with the essentials: salsa, cilantro, onion, and a wedge of lime. Given all the hoopla about the carne asada burritos here, we also tried a carne asada taco but found it bland and paled in comparison. The wait after ordering is longer than I'm used to at most taquerias, but there's a salsa bar if you want to munch on chips ($0.50) while you wait. Very eclectic crowd... Clearly a favorite among locals.
I stopped in on 6/20/14 because I was in the city for the day well the food was tasteless I ordered the asada tacos they were large in size but lacked flavor also ordered ceviche for my daughter it was horrible barely fitting for the trash I would eat here back in early 80's and food was noteworthy back then but not today......oh did I mention the pigeon that was more at home than the customers inside the seating area.
I came here on a recommendation from a friend and stayed in line because it was out the door and long lines usually scream good food. It's pretty greasy and chaotic behind the counter, but I suppose that is to be expected given the small space and volume of orders. After three beers the regular chicken burrito I ordered was satisfying at the moment but the remaining half was barely edible the next day. Not sure what happened overnight, but the chicken was dark gray and smelled foul (pun intended). I'd probably eat here again, but I won't be taking home any leftovers.
Can't say anything for the ambiance (there isn't any), but if you need a burrito, these people will help you out! I've tried a bunch of stuff here. I don't recommend getting too experimental, but the super burrito al pastor is ridiculously delicious, and the chicken and carne have also gotten rave reviews.
Amazing....no frills type of place with fast service and great food. We had the shrimp and the carne asada burritos and they were both fantastic.
Every time I go to SF, I drag my wife to come with me to this lovely burrito shop! It's one of the rare and the few shops that offer carne asada & shrimp in their bomb burritio's! When my brother introduced it to me - it was a life changer. Now I can't stop telling friends and family about it. Just last week - we left a bar about 15 minutes away just to walk here. crazy! I don't usually come here after clubbing hours but I hear it gets pretty packed. Overall, the place is pretty spacious in terms of seating for a burrito shop which usually has little to no seats at all. The green sauce is yum and you can bring some to go in their little containers! I heard they have one in San Jose where I live but I have yet to try it.
Bueno!
Went in and had the vegetarian burrito.Wait! Wait! Before you boo and hiss and throw rotten tomatoes at me, understand that I DIDN'T KNOW I was supposed to get the carne asada burrito. OK? I'm sorry, damn!No worries, though. Arnold stylez: I'll be back.
The vegetarian super burrito I got didn't have any veggies which was disappointing. This place is small and has servers constantly shouting orders. It's very small and super casual. My boyfriend and brother both ordered meat and loved it.
Hay if anyone last night lost there Iphone here last night; let me tell you what happend to it...I saw the busboy/dishwasher clean off your table; find your phone and give it away to the guys that were sitting behind you.Don't think that I just sat back and watched what happened... NO I did Not, I told each and everyone of them that they were thieves and Karma was gonna get them for stealing... I told the dishwasher he should be ashamed of himself. I will NEVER go back after witnessing this
Ditto to what everyone else has said
Agenda for "How to spot a Food Blogger 101":Session 1 - Hipster kid in ethnic neighborhoodDescription: This class will focus on spotting the ubiquitous Asian or Caucasion hipster food blogger, usually identifiable by their racial distinction from the surrounding ethnic neighborhood (ie. Mission District, San Francisco).Session 2 - OrderingDescription: The food blogger will inevitably order whatever he/she has read on the internet, Tony Bourdain, Yelp, or Chowhound, such as the muy gigantic and unbelievably delicious Super Burrito with chorizo.Session 3 - Picture TakingDescription: The timid food blogger may 'shoot from the hip', while documenting the freshly made burritos at El Farolito, including freshly prepped avocado's. This is done with their DSLR that cost more than most of the cars in the neighborhood. Bolder food bloggers may shove their Carl Zeiss lenses directly into the faces of the ever so gracious and tolerant restaurant staff, and lustily snap away in the pursuit of amateur food pornography.Session 4 - IntrospectionDescription: The food blogger may reflect upon the remains of the once mighty burrito - there will be plenty left, as this burrito is more food than any one food blogger could handle. The food blogger will hastily wipe away the rivulets of spicy red grease from the chorizo, as they contemplate what review to give El Farolito, and did it match the expectations set by SeriousEats? Eater SF? Chowhound? Some other food blogger??"$6 for a burrito the size of my head, made with fresh ingredients and loved by both locals and food bloggers? 5 Stars on Yelp!"Class dismissed.
Makes me want MORE!Somehow accidentally stumbled into this place while on the way back from Oakland (yea, i know). Ordered the el pastor super burrito and it was amazing. Usually I would have ordered the carne asada but I felt like a hipster and ordered something different from everyone else. It was worth it! It was well balanced and full of flavor and definitely left me wanting more. I might have to swing by SF more often and chill in Mission district because of this.
Third-best burrito in SF, which is still pretty amazing. These burritos are big, tasty, and satisfying. If there's a huge line it's probably not worth the wait, but it's a great burrito and you'll be happy you ate it.
Awesome AL pastor burrito. Lots of burrito for 6 bucks. Between this and papalote, I choose this place. Fast service as well!
The Carne asada super burrito is amazing! This restaurant is worth the wait. It's on my must have list for when I visit San Francisco again.
Very fast, very good. Super burritos were excellent. And close to Bart. Not the prettiest place you've ever seen, but the food worth it.
The food is good but every time I go there,everyone in line behind me always get their food before me and at this point I find it extremely annoying.if my order number is 32 every order after that is called before mine.it never fails
Tips:Limited amount of booths/tables so you may have to wait a bit for a table.---------------------------------------------I got the carne asada super burrito and it was DELICIOUS. The burrito was a big portion and moist. The tortilla is cooked to perfection and I really love the smell of their tortilla. The meat wasn't too chewy and the rice was cooked perfectly as well. Eating the burrito on it's own may get a bit dry on the parts where there's a lot of meat, but drizzling a bit of their awesome salsa will fix that right up.I highly recommend coming to El Farolito to get a fantastic burrito.
Truly disappointing.I came to SF for a week-long trip and decided to try out the coveted San Francisco burrito. I wanted to see how NorCal people's burritos stacked up to those of SoCal. Heard that this place offered some of San Francisco's best burritos. I ordered a regular burrito with carne asada. Took it to go, went home, and took a bite... only to realize that I essentially bought a gigantic Chipotle burrito. Honestly, it tasted just like Chipotle (the food from which I abhor, aside from the bowls). I was crestfallen to find that the burrito was so incredibly mediocre. There was nothing outstanding about the burrito. In fact, it was slightly bland (I thought it was impossible for Mexican food to be bland because it's so freaking delicious). I'm willing to come back and try another burrito either from here or some other SF place, though.
We stopped here to pick up super burritos after seeing all the fantastic reviews. While the burritos didn't have my favorite orange sauce from La Vics in SJ, I'd definitely come back here again. The super burritos were huge. We got two shredded chicken burritos, and the meat was done perfectly. It was very flavorful and didn't taste like it was soaked in oil, as some burrito mean can. The fillings were really good, too. I definitely would have preferred guacamole instead of avocado slices, and I think that the ingredients could have been mixed better - one half of my burrito had beans and rice, and the other half had chicken, while the sour cream had kind of fallen to the bottom.We also got the regular nachos, which were more like super nachos just without the meat. They were really good, although a bit heavy on the beans. Still, some places don't give nearly enough toppings on nachos, and here the ratio of chips to toppings was just right.
What can I say that two thousand-five hundred-and fifty reviewers haven't said? I have been coming to El Farolito for the last ten years, whenever I am in town. I have brought locals, guests, and even then-girlfriends here to share with them the mouth-watering goodness that is an El Farolito burrito? Although I was raised in Southern California, El Farolito is the reason I suggest that SF has the second best Mexican food in the country (below SD but above LA). The bald guys behind the counter are just endearing. I love all of the meats here, even the weird meats to the American pallate, such as brains and tongue. My last trip here was quite an adventure. I was being mad-dogged by a clearly drunk guy, at lunch. Thank goodness the El Farolito staff took care of the guy, and nicely asked him to leave. Come here, eat burritos, be merry.
Super shrimp burrito... one of the better decisions made during my San Fran trip. As with seemingly everywhere else in this city, watch out for the aggressive homeless populations. I stayed near El Farolito for two nights during my stay though, and this corner seemed to be a hotspot for it.
Oh my gosh, this place totally lives up to the hype. I am not going to write a lot, as the massive number of excellent reviews here very fairly characterize this restaurant - I am here just to second the majority of reviewers in their effusive praise. I wish I live closer! I have come here for late night munchies when buzzed, and I've come here completely sober - it is just as delicious either way. My favorite meat here is the steak, and I really like the quesadillas here, which are delightfully crispy and filled with avocado. Plus this restaurant is dirt cheap.My only complaint is the bathroom situation. You have to ask the cashier to buzz you into the bathroom, like you are being buzzed into the front door of an apartment. Took me a long time to figure that out.
Best Mexican in the Bay Area that I've wen able to find! I'm a southern Californian through & through, & this is the closest thing I can find to my favorite tacos stands back home. The line may look intimidating but it breezes by & is totally worth it, from the amazing food to the amazing prices. If all else fails when you're in the mission, this place makes any night end well!
I love the super suiza shrimp quesadilla. The regular size is good for two if you don't have a huge appetite !
This place is really good! Cash only, huge burritos and super fresh. Prepare yourself for a line. This place is always busy!
Best burritos in America.Get the Super *anything* burrito. Super Quesadilla Suiza too. Nachos. Salsa. Basically anything here is crazy delicious and will haunt your dreams. Don't let the line deter you - it moves fast.And don't waste your time with other places. Seriously.Why are you still reading this? Go. Now. If you pick me up one, I'll be your best friend. Super Carne Asada, please.
The food was good but not out of this world like I was expecting. I ordered the massive quesadilla 1/2 carne asada & 1/2 al pastor. I like my salsa hot, not just stupid hot but with flavor. This salsa was not spicy at all and it lacked flavor. I asked if they had spicier salsa, and I was given what was suppose to be a little spicier then what they have at the salsa bar....I could not tell the difference. I tried the jalapeos but they didn't suffice. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. If we ever return, I'll make sure to take my hot sauce with me.
I had been looking forward to trying out this place for a while. Oh with the rave reviews and being in the Mission I had high expectations. Walking in you notice how tiny this place is. Wall decor and furniture is pretty dated but it goes as a testament of the restaurant's durability. Then we placed our order and watched the workers moving fast. It took a while to come out (very busy place) but when it did....holy guacamole, their burrito was huge! I ordered a chicken super burrito...hungry girl that I was. My friend ordered the chicken quesadilla suiza...and it looked delicious....was told it was pretty good too.But my stomach could only take so much before I fell into a food coma. The BART ride back to the office was sluggish and begging for sleep. Yet somehow it won't prevent me from coming back again. All in all, one of the best burritos I've ever had. This little tiny joint packs the punch proving how it has stayed in business for so long.
Damn good Mexican Food. My friend and I were hungry for something to eat late at night. El Farolito popped up on yelp and had great reviews so we decided to check it out. I had the Supreme Burrito. It was a good size for the price. It came with all the normal Mexican fillings, like beans, Carne Asada, rice, veggies and sour cream. The meat was tender and full of flavor. It was not salty or overly cooked to the point were it became rubbery. They also had beef tongue and tripe on the menu, which I wanted to try, but I did not feel as adventurous, but I definitely was not disappointed with my choice of meat.I gave this place four stars mainly because the lack of seating especially on late nights ( I was there on a Monday night and it was still packed). Yet I would rather eat a great burrito standing up, than a okay Burrito sitting down.
Having developed a preference for a pure and simple burrito I stopped consuming "Super" burritos years ago. I no longer like that competition of delicious meat juice vs. avocado and sour cream. Then along comes the new issue of 7 X 7 and I'm compelled to try #75 on their annual list of "100 Things to Eat Before You Die": El Farolito's Super Carne Asada Burrito. J, Weffy,and I were feeling like such superstars that we ordered up supers all around: the carne asada, a Super Shrimp, and a Super Chicken; about 12 pounds of food.  The Super Shrimp and Super Chicken received two enthusiastic thumbs up, were demolished in a single sitting, and were worthy of a return visit. The carne asada though, was laden with gristly, inedible pieces in about 3 out of every 5 bites. With the volume they serve, there's no reasonable way they could be trimming the fat off each piece but I really detest picking things out of my mouth mid meal and it reflected on my overall feelings about this burrito. When I return, it won't be for carne asada anything. The place is a dumpy dive that's open way late. There's a steady stream of interesting patrons to eyeball, a constant thwacking sound of cleaver hitting meat, and the feeling that you're in the midst of a vibrant, tight, dirty little hot spot. There's tidier, quieter Mission district taquerias that serve equally good food (and better carne asada) but sometimes a real dive is all you want. This is it.
It's 1am and I'm starving. yes I've been drinking, yes I've been walking for what seems like miles, and guess what??? YES El Farolito is open. That's right - this place serves a mean Mexican meal until 2:45 in the morning.Grab your appetite and head on over. The decor is limited and sanitation is questionable but the food remains outstanding. So whether it's a drunken night, or just a late-night grub moment, make sure to check out this spicy spot.
Of all the taqueria's i've tried in san francisco (and i've tried quite a few), el farolito is by far my favorite. Their burrito is perfection, not only in flavor, but also in distribution and proportions. The beans were not overwhelming, and there were no globs of sour creme. It was so large that I had to save half of it for later, and 3 days later, it still tasted amazing. Cant go wrong with the carne asada.
Everyone says this is the best Mexican in SF and they're all correct. Just get a burrito and prepare to ruin your chances of ever being satisfied with Mexican food ever again (at least North of San Diego).
I am a San Francisco native, yet I've never discovered the eats of the Mission.My fianc has talked endlessly about El Farolito having the best burritos and we finally got a chance to go on 6/14/13 for our anniversary/date night. We got in line at 7pm and didn't have to wait too long. We shared a Carne Asada Super Burrito and Chicken Quesadilla. The salsa verde sauce is THE BEST, plus the spicy salsa. I took every bite of the burrito with it drenched in sauce. I was not too pleased with the chicken quesadilla. Now I don't normally order anything chicken when I go out to eat but my fianc preferred choosing a different meat, but next time, I'm sticking to my rule. The chicken was too dry, and even pairing it with the sauce was not good enough for me. I could not leave El Farolito having the chicken quesadilla as my last bite so I ordered a Carne Asada Taco. The double tortilla was soft and there was an abundance of meat. However, it just wasn't the same as the burrito and I have had better tacos elsewhere. And to add .. I loved this place so much that I came back again the next night with a group of friends for late night Mexican eats! We ordered Super Burritos, a Super Quesadilla, and Super Nachos - all Carne Asada. The burrito was just as good. The nachos were plentiful, loved it. Our quesadilla was BLAH. The meat in the burrito was fine but in the quesadilla, it was burnt so that was poor on the palate. Based on my back to back night experiences, my final conclusion is that I will only come for the burritos, and only a super nacho with a group.
Tasty, no doubt about it, but perhaps the hype set me up for a touch of disappointment. There were four of us and we each tried a different meat: carne asada, pastor, carnitas and chicken. The chicken was so lackluster that it alone warrants knocking off a star. The other three meats were good, but I don't know that they were any better than that found at other good Mexican places.
It is difficult for me to say which I like better. El Farolito or the taco truck home. They serve very different style burritos. If you like a well rolled, cheesy, flavorful (but not spicy) burrito, I would suggest this place. The boss burrito is good, but a carne asada with shrimp burrito is better. The perfectly cooked shrimp gives a certain snap when eating (like finding a treasure when eating your burrito). I also found that I prefer the carne asada because it is slightly less greasy than the al pastor and plays better with the shrimp. To round out the meal, I suggest getting either the horchata or if they have it, the pineapple agua fresca. :D PS. The burrito is big enough for two.
Super Burrito, Carne Asada, with Spinach TortillaExcellent burrito for ~$7 bucks. Open late (3:30AM). Food is served within 10 minutes after order. Next time will try quesdilla
I want to give this 3.5 starsThe price is great and the food (quesadilla, burrito with carnitas) wasn't bad, but it wasn't a 4.5 star sortof place. I've been EXCITED for cheap Mexican food before, but this place left me with a "That was decent food", not a "OMG I want to come back right away".Biggest downside (as to why it gets 3 and not 4 stars): the food took FOREVER. Yeah, the place wasn't empty. but we had no idea we would be waiting for so long. We were sortof in a hurry to get back before our parking meter ran out (it did) and we got a parking ticket (we didn't).
La Taqueria happened to be close during the time my friends and I wanted to eat so we walked around, found this place and decided to try it since I've eaten at most restaurants around 24th and didn't really like most of them (we forgot to check the always informative yelp page).The place is small, and has that cafeteria style serving system. Tables are limited but there were three of us so one waited and a table while me and another friend ordered. There was a line but it moved fairly fast and a line most likely means the food is good so we sucked it up and stayed. It was worth it. One bite of my carne asada burrito was all it took to make this restaurant a definite favorite for me. My bestfriends also felt the same way! The burrito I ordered is a five for me but I have to give this restaurant 4 stars because the bathroom really needs some cleaning and also the place just seem unsanitary. Oh yeah, strangers will come to you and ask you for money or try to sell you something if you dine in.
This is a place that will expand your burrito horizons. Like other places of great significance, it doesn't look like much. A tiny storefront just a skip up Mission from the 24th and Mission BART stop, it has a single counter by the door, and maybe seven tables. You probably won't get one unless you catch them off-hours. You will pay for your food with cash.The food is ordered at the counter by the door, and it comes out later by number. I got the super shrimp burrito, and it was everything that I'd heard from my coworkers, and more. The shape was perfect, if a little fat- the cross-section wasn't too big to eat, and it was a good, solid loaf of Mission goodness. The flavor? Outstanding, of course. I can't really describe it except to say it was a perfect Mission burrito. You can either wait for English scholars to invent more descriptive adjectives to specifically describe its burrito splendor, or you can go order one and shove it in your face and see what I'm talking about.So I was reveling in the afterglow of my burrito indulgence, waiting for the others to finish and savoring the burrito-ness of it all, and I was thinking... the only thing missing from this experience is the Mariachi band. And then boom, Spanish guitar. I even gave the guy a buck, I was in such a reverie.El Farolito, where your wildest burrito (and taco) dreams can come true.
MMhhh.... Mexican food... my favorite ever.El Farolito serves it best in my opinion. This IS Mexican food that tastes and smells good.Everyone needs to try it out.
This is where drunk hipsters with bad hair and full of cheap PBR Talls struggle with their skinny jeans to get a Mexi-carbo blast to soak up the cheap suds. Being drunk, they think this is the best place on earth, and at the time of 1am, it probably is for them.
I'm really puzzled why this place has such a devoted following. It's open late at night. That's nice I guess, but almost any burrito can be delicious when you're drunk. When you come during the day, the reality is a bit different. This restaurant is filthy. The floor seems perennially wet with condensation, and there always so many people coming in and out that the staff don't seem to have time to give the tables a wipe. By mid-afternoon, there's a patina of grease and salsa verde on everything. The line moves quicker than you'd think, and your food will arrive in a timely manner. All the staff seem rushed and stressed out, perhaps because there is a never-ending press of people clamoring for tacos. I like their asada, but was unimpressed with their carnitas. Pastor was okay. Given that there are like two taquerias on every block, I don't get why anyone would choose this one, but if you do the food'll be alright.
Best burrito I've had in NorCal by far.I shared a shrimp & chicken super burrito with my boyfriend and it was absolutely delish. The burrito was huuuuge! The ingredients were really fresh and mixed well in the burrito. I hate burritos that have a huge flavorful section and then a fat plain pile of rice at the end. This was not the case - everything was blended really well. The shrimp was HUUUGE and super delicious. I definitely recommend that combo, but it's much more expensive than the regular carne asada/chicken burritos. We also shared a super carne asada nachos. That was absolutely delish - the carne asada pieces were fat and I liked that they had sliced avocado instead of guacamole.All in all, it's a an awesome burrito joint. Not the best because San Diego burritos can't be beat, but it's the best I've eaten in NorCal. Check it out if you're in the Mission!
Yes, it's true. I like to add guacamole and sour cream to my tacos. But, that's besides the point. El Farolito is an explosive star amongst ALL NYC taco establishments...even Los Hermanos. I came here 2 times during my SF trip, the first time, I stumbled in (no explanation needed) and the second time, was in the middle of the night on a weekday. There's something about their tacos that make them stand out. The simplest of ingredients: the standard 2 corn tortillas, flavorful and light guacamole, no sour cream (which is why I keep a stash from Wendy's in my purse), meat that isn't over cooked and lightly seasoned, ample amounts of cilantro, chopped onions, hot sauce and finally, a spritz of lime. Less is more.The tacos cost around $2.50 each. If you're a fatty like me, order 4 tacos for $10 and you'll roll away happy. Thank goodness for fast metabolisms or else I'd be disgusting by now. Really, really disgusting.Next on the agenda, burritos!
Best mexican food i've ever eaten! The neighborhood is a little bit scary at night but it's definitely worth the trip. I guess my advice is to go when the sun's still up! It's a bit rowdy at night especially when you get all the drunk people from the bars hah.The meat they use is always so soft and tender. A few things i've had from this restaurant:- super chicken quesadilla - carne asada tacos - super carne asada burrito the portions are really generous even with the tacos! I had 2 tacos and it filled me up! The quesadilla is probably my favorite because they use the perfect amount of cheese so it's not so overwhelming. There's also a really like CRUNCH to it! MMMM so good!
I live in New York. On most cuisines in the United States, that means a narrow if not a wide victory. Mexican is not one of them. This is that story.El Farolito makes the best torta I've ever had. Carne asada. For $5.25. Sober. Without pretension. A gestalt of flavors that does not suffer from the gut bomb problem that delicious burritos do.What else can I say that 2000+ other people haven't? Not much. Stop reading this and go and maybe you'll have a better chance of beating the line.
I'm from LA aka the land with good cheap Mexican food. I've learned that the smaller and in a sense, dirtier the place, the more authentic the food is. Remember this equation and you will get bombass Mexican food, and El Farolito didn't disappoint at all!+ Free chips+ Unlimited salsa bar!!! (Get the salsa verde -- it's EXTREMELY fresh and not water-y!)+ 7x7's Super Carne Asada Burrito - say good-bye to extreme bloatedness after eating Mexican food because this one is NOT overwhelmed with cheese, sour cream, and more cheese! You can actually taste the meat (nice, tender, and marinated). Also, they give you a BIG helping of GUAC. + Al Pastor Taco - They give you so much you can eat TWO tacos with their originally double layered taco. Meat was spicy and tender. Only complaint was that it was very oily, so it made my tacos a bit soggy. + Soda in glass bottles!+ Price!!! $10 for the burrito, taco, and one soda!Tips:1. Parking is almost impossible, so BART/bus/walk!2. CASH ONLY3. The bathroom is gated, so in order to get in, you have to ask one of the employees to buzz you in.
They have a large menu, with plenty of options. Be prepared for a line, but it moves very fast. We had the veggie burrito with was great and the super nachos with eggs. I wanted to love the nachos, but they were SO salty - to the point of being inedible, which is why I took off a star. The second star was taken away due to the place being very dirty. I understand it's a hole in the wall fast food spot, but with all of the hype and reviews , I expected it to have a higher standard of hygiene.
No wonder Kaskade loves this place whenever he is craving a burrito in San Francisco. Of course the reviews don't lie, this taqueria makes some mean Mexican. Right before the Skrillex show, we stopped in the Mission and decided to try out Kaskade's favorite burrito joint. Though it looks like a hole in the wall, their food is totally 5 star worthy. The guys each ordered a carnitas super burrito, and I settled for the carne asada one. We also order a regular al pastor taco to try out. To quench our thirsts, we had to go for the horchata and strawberry aguas frescas. Our order definitely took a while to come out and we were a little irritated that people who came after us got their orders almost immediately. As for their salsa, we absolutely loved their salsa fresca and guacamole green salsa. We each took at least 6 of each salsa with us. When we got our order, I was super excited they threw in free bags of chips for us. As soon as we got in our hotel room we immediately began devouring our massive burritos. I absolutely loved how they stuffed the burrito to the point of explosion. The carne asada was perfectly cooked and full of flavor. This burrito was so massive that I could only conquer half of it. Overall, if you want to eat like a world famous EDM DJ, then come eat some of the best burritos that San Francisco's Mission District has to offer.
If you do not think this establishment is worth every penny you spend here you are an asshole.
Alway a great place to eat in the city great flavor low prices and healthy portions the only flaw is cash only.
I'm so glad that I was recommended to check this place out! The food is fantastic! When they say super nachos, they really mean SUPER NACHOS! I always get a super burrito to pair with that as well. Still remember the first time I went there and got my super chicken burrito....it was like love at first sight.
I live in San Diego, so please keep in mind that I come from a place where Mexican food is more than abundant and therefore, will always critique mexican food restaurants pretty harshly. Regardless, for a mexican restaurant outside of San Diego, it's good. It was on the 7x7 100 things to eat in sf before you die 2013 list, so I had to stop by. To say the least, I was slightly disappointed. Maybe it's because I wasn't very hungry or maybe I'm just extremely spoiled with amazing mexican food in San Diego, or maybe I was just expecting much more because of the hype. Regardless, I was a little disappointed. I got the Super Burrito with adobada. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not as good as I hoped it to be. The meat was cooked perfectly, but I feel that it just wasn't flavored or seasoned as much as I had expected it to be. Maybe I should've tried the carne asada. Though I would give it more of a 3.5 stars, I rounded up because 1. this place is Kaskade's favorite place to eat in sf and 2. It's dirt cheap. Even cheaper than some places down in San Diego and for any restaurant in San Francisco that is this cheap, I have to give it a little extra love. If I'm stuck in San Francisco with a really bad craving for Mexican food, I will come here, but otherwise, my heart still lies in San Diego when it comes to Mexican food. Maybe I'll give this place one more chance and come once more to try their carne asada.
Believe the hype. It's the best mexican food you'll ever have north of the boarder. Get the split meat langua and carnitas super burrito or get the super quesadilla. Also their strawberry fresca aint too shabby
My cousin said he ate at El Farolito after a night of drinking and told me its good while drunk. I ate here while sober and think they might cook the best carne asada I've ever had. I can only imagine how good one of their burritos are after a few shots of Jager at 2am. I ate one of their carnitas tacos which was damn good although no little crispy bits of pork, which I always look for in carnitas, were present. I ordered the quesadilla on the recommendation of one of the employees and two thoughts immediately came to me. Why can't I make carne asada like this??? And why can't Sacramento make carne asada like this??? I feel depraved that I can't get carne asada like this on a whim. The flavor that comes through with each bite is like meth meat. I can't get enough of it. As I sit here in Sacramento scratching my neck and face craving for some of El Farolitos meat drug I highly suggest eating here and ordering a giant bowl of carne.
We visited on vacation from the NYC area, drawn by Nate Silver's mathematical analysis concluding that this is the best burrito in the US. Individual taste, of course, can vary.We got a delicious burrito and three delicious tacos. The taco shells, in particular, were great: crispy without shattering and leaving you with a messy platter. Carne asada gets a lovely grill-crust, and the tongue was a rare treat. Best in the US? Maybe not, but I can't name one indisputably better.El Farolito is definitely not upscale dining, but I can imagine locals loving the place for a tasty, filling meal after a long work shift or a night of clubbing.
Best burritos in the mission! (And I have done a lot of field research in SF burritos) LOVE this place! Always a line, no matter what time of day, but moves very quickly. Writing this review is making me want to go get a burrito rn.
Twice in two weeks.I've been on a quesadilla run but these two past weeks have had me seeking the Super Burrito with Al Pastor.Large and stuffed, I usually order mine with the refried beans, Al Pastor (tastier and juicy, with a strong savory baste) or El Pollo (juicy tender shredded pieces of chicken), and smothered with scoops of fresh avocado, lettuce, sour cream and salsa. The chips are additional for 50 cents. And since I can never finish mine (this past visit I was only able to put away a third of it) the friendly counter person is always kind to give me tin foil and a bag so that I can take the leftovers home.Inexpensive, large portions, and a great late night spot, this is my fave spot to grab tasty Taqueria fare.
so......I used to get my 'tacos de lengua' at La Taqueria.I was such a fool!! $4 for ONE taco? Why?!El Farolito makes excellent TDL and I can get 2 tacos here for that price! No brainer, El Farolito for my beef tongue fix!! Amazing burritos too, btw.**cash only**
SD got the best carne asada fries, but SF owns the quesadilla! omg... I absolutely love it there. I go to SF every so often, and when I do, I always make it a late-night point to visit El Farolito. Unlike most quesadillas, they do not skip out on the good stuff inside.
What do you write about a place with 2400 reviews that's worth reading? Probably nothing. This is really just for us to appear like we're real, live foodies - as in, holy shizzles! they went all the way to 24th st in the Mission! For Mexican food! Wow, what brave souls! More exclamation marks!Look, it's good. There's a BART station right there. You should go.I'll add one thing for people like us who go out of their way to eat the weirdest stuff on the menu... Tripas (or intestines) were very soft and not quite awesome. It may be authentic, but it wasn't delicious. Cabeza (head), Lengua (tongue), and Carne Asada, on the other hand, were all yum.
2AM KIND OF FOOD!!!(3 stars)Did they mean El F-A-R-T-olito?! Be prepared to be GASoliciousville afterwards. Maybe we should have just settled for a bacon wrapped hotdog from the illegal street food hustlers.- Food: tasty drunk food- Prices: i cant remember but i think its typical priced mission food- Service: fast- Ambiance: reminded me of my middle school cafeteriaAfter a fun night out socialize and drinking, we ended up here at 1:30/2AM. It's open, its affordable, and its tasty. I've said it a gazillion times and I'll say it one more time "i'm picky with my mexican food". But i can't be too anal-fied when out with others and have to lighten up and EAT and go with the flow. my friends, would be SO proud of me for stepping out of my comfort zone - in more ways than one this evening. BUT WHAT MEXICAN PLACE DOESN'T SERVE a tamale and/or carne asada fries? HEFFER-STYLE STATUS.CHICKEN QUESADILLA - you have a choice of fried chicken or grilled. Choose grilled, its healthier. Ask "light" on the cheese because people like me who be lactose can't handle it. Maybe asking "extra light" might be best. It was good, I consumed. I'm telling you, this derailed me and extra work at the gym this week is going to be MANDITORY. Tasty eats but unfortunately, i woke up to a bellie ache and so did my friend. Will I be back? Maybe not by preference and more like by buzzed/drunk obligation :)
A lot of Yelpers rave that this is the best burrito in the mission. I'm still undecided on that one, but it definitely ranks in the top 3. The one time that this is an epic meal is after late night partying in the mission. I always somehow find myself here at about 2:30am in the morning after a good night of drinking. It's usually easy enough to sit down and eat here since they have a lot of tables available, no matter what time of day. If you're looking for a really solid, fast burrito I would highly recommend it. The people who work at El Farolito can churn out burritos like an assembly line!
You MUST have a super burrito with Chorizo!! Or super tacos with chorizo!!! Highly recommend this place in general. Every time boyfriend is in town we withdraw 40$ from atm and hit this place up, first thing. Just 40$ is enough for us to eat and drink like kings and barely make it to the bus. We always end up talking about how amazing it is and especially for the price. The crowd is mixed, uni/college students, professionals, native missionites, and Latinos! We're Mexican and Los Angeles natives, but unfortunately, despite L.A. having wayy more Mexican restaurants than S.F., this place blows every Mexican restaurant I have ever been to within the U.S. out of the water! There's usually a really long line but moves super fast. The restaurant itself is not a looker and somewhat tiny but there are restrooms in the back and they serve cervezas [beer]. The service is efficient and friendly. Casual dress is okay. They play music occasionally but it doesn't play continuously. If you're an S.F./bay area resident and have never been, you're missing out!!
Rice + beans + tomato + cilantro + onion + salsa + cheese + meat + SOUR CREAM + AVOCADO = THE SUPER BURRITO! It's nothing complicated, yet no one in/around Orange County compares. I'm having major separation anxiety :(
What happened here? You were the best, El Farolito. First in my heart. The first place I took out-of-towners to show them what a good burrito or torta is all about. But you've lost your way. I had two awful burritos here in a row, about a month apart and at different times of day (i.e., probably not made by one random bad burrito maker). Both were loaded up with rice and had tiny amounts of the other ingredients. Things like sour cream were all at one end of the burrito.In case you haven't noticed, you're kind of a dump. You're crowded, hard to move around in, and possess a bathroom that would not be out of place in a prison. I wasn't coming here for the ambiance. I was coming here for the best burritos in the Mission.Ah, well. It's time to take my love elsewhere. Cancun has yet to fail me.
Killer burritos. Convenient location. Slightly more expensive than some taquerias but worth it. Minus one star only because there's not much seating. Be prepared to take your food to go!
Thin restaurant that makes ok quality burritos late night. I love that it's open so late, but it's also super crowded from all the bar hoppers grabbing a late night bight, so you might have to be ready to fight for some seating.The quality of the burrito was just decent. Tasted like standard burrito I could get from anywhere else. Again, only reason I was here was because it was 2am and greasy food compliments alcohol real well.No comment about parking cause it was 2am and the streets were wide open, I could see it being really crowded during the daytime though.Highly recommended as a place to grab food after 1am, wouldn't recommend it anytime before 1am.
Every time I've been to El Farolito, I've been sober. Too sober, perhaps, but at least you can expect this to be an review unbiased by the effects of liquor! Normally a fan of variety, I have, for some reason, always ordered a super burrito, albeit with varying meat fillings. Like Chipotle, there's just something about the flavoring of the rice here that I like too much to skip - this is perhaps telling then, that I don't drop by here too frequently.Having ordered it so often, it should be obvious that their burritos are super tasty. And beyond filling too, as a super burrito easily lasts me three meals - kudos to those of you who finish it in a single gut-busting sitting though! And, having stolen food from friends before, I can also say that their super shrimp suizas are also incredibly tasty - the only thing preventing me from ordering it more often is the lactose-intolerance.Near the 24th St BART station, expect this area to be a little bit sketchier. And while there's always a line here, it moves pretty quickly, so never fear. Getting a table is sometimes a bit more difficult though, especially for those in wheelchairs: the aisle is incredibly narrow, so expect to block off most of it if you decide to seat yourself somewhere.
We picked up burritos on our way out of San Francisco, but now just realized they have 9 locations and one is in San Jose! So no need to go here to get their amazing burrito since street parking is horrible here.The service was super quick and the workers were so polite and friendly. I picked up a regular carne asada burrito + avocado, a super carne asada burrito and two tacos -- carnitas and pollo. I also got a cup of horchata -- my favorite! I love that they have a salsa bar including the avocado salsa. Plus, they offer spinach tortillas at no extra charge.
I love this place!!!! Although in the ghettos of San Fran, I love how late it stays open! The meats here are also unique (not many Mexican places offer chorizo, brains/tongue, etc), and they have Mexican coke of course. Cash only though which of course is very lame.
I've been here three times, one visit being 2-star worthy, and the other two visits being 5-star worthy. Therefore, the average rating is 4-stars.El Farolito is almost a hole in the wall place. Two people can barely stand side-by-side in line and there are probably 8 or 9 small tables total. If you plan to eat there, have someone try to secure a seat while you wait in line. The turnover time for tables is pretty quick though.The first time I was here, I wasn't very hungry so I ordered ceviche. I seriously thought that ceviche was raw seafood (a variety) in a good lime sauce/salsa. What I got was a plastic cup with cooked shrimp in an almost-salsa sauce and a bag of chips. So not worth it.Therefore, during subsequent visits, I ordered something they were more known for, or at least something more substantial. Both times, I ordered a burrito with carne asada. Bingo! I finally understood why everyone raved about this place.The burritos were packed such that something fell out with each bite. I could only finish half at a time and save the rest for lunch the next day. Adding an array of their salsas gave the burritos additional flavor, but the burritos could easily stand on their own without the salsas.
This place is a staple of the Mission. The burritos and quesadilla are both phenomenal. Make sure you get them "super" so you get all the fixins. The staff can be a little testy at times (I saw a hipster arguing for 5 minutes about how he ordered two tacos and got one, they insisted he only ordered one before finally giving in).I didn't have any issues with my order, and I most definitely plan to stop here again the next time I'm in SF. It's proximity to the BART station makes it really convenient.
The first thing I saw when I walked in well-past midnight was a well-dressed man, clearly not homeless but obviously drunk, eating some sort of burrito. He had salsa and sour cream literally all over his face and looked up at me for the briefest moment, like a deer caught in headlights... like I was going to take a picture of him and use it for extortion for something.It reminded me of that episode of Will & Grace where Karen (aka Anastasia Beaverhausen) takes Grace to a dive taco joint to spy on her boss devouring tacos disgustingly to make a point that everyone has skeletons in their closet and nobody is perfect.I sat down next to a woman, this time clearly homeless, who looked like she had a few skeletons in her closet, or perhaps one skeleton interspersed in her bags. She had taken three or four of the different free salsas to her table and was eating them with bagels. It looked kind of good actually and I was about to ask her for a bite when my tacos arrived.They were beautiful. They were perfect. They were fucking spicy. They were messy. I knew at that moment how John Doe felt and I let all of my inhibitions go. I forgot about my diet; Jenny who? I forgot about my father who told me I may have a drinking problem; Daddy who? I even forgot about my flight in the AM the next morning; United who?Granted, trying two tacos out of their extensive menu does not qualify me to write a full review and that is why I left one star off (room to grow). But next time I visit San Francisco, I am visiting El Farolito.
I sometimes dream about the super chile relleno burrito! Get it, you won't regret it.I'm bi-coastal curious so whenever I visit SF I try to get my Farolito fix as quickly and as often as possible.
Yeah I have heard about this places for years...I am unique because I am actually...............a Mexican/American. I cook regional gourmet mexican food myself almost every night. This is what San Franciscan's think is Mexican Food. Burrito's and mediocre one's at that. All those folks praising saying they are from LA? They must be from the Westside, I am from Boyle Heights, EAST La. Big giant difference. If you want serious mexican food , even burritto's you have to march to the East Bay. The scene inside this place is disgusting, crowded and loud. There are folks thinking this makes it better somehow..it doesn't . The meat was well spiced but of poor quality. They didn't use mexican cheese but white folks cheese...the Alambra was good. Go to La Borinquena in Oakland's Old Town, get tamales or mole or if you must a burrito there and taste the difference. There is also a new place in Oaktown called Nido's.......wow...regional mexican cuisine, insane bar menu. The best mexican restaraunt in the US is La Serenata De Garibaldi, deep in East LA. If your from LA and you have never been there...then you don't know mexican cuisine.
Came here after a day at the Zoo starving. We hadn't eaten all day and it well way past lunch (around 4?) The lines were long, and the crowd was on the sketchy side....but oh jeez was this food worth it. For two people we got huge lunches for less than 14 bucks.(cash only!)My quesadilla suiza was greasy, and stuffed with huge hunks of avocado. I'm starting to drool thinking about it. The chicken was grilled to perfect and just so damn delicious.The food was cheap, amazing and came quick. Is there anything else one could ask for? Yeah didn't think so.
Super burrito with carne asada beyond amazing. Plus, a free side of chips for just being nice? Ya, I'll be back.
Not what it used to be, or maybe i just had to much of it. Farro altogether is better than most the spots in the city tho, if you get a shrimp n chicken burrito itll probably bring it up to a 4.
gigantic burrito.around 6 bucks.& probably the best tasting carne asada i've had to date.its quite possible that the myth that the best burritos come from the Mission is very much true.
All u can eat salsa bar and huge burritos! Authentic Mex, very fresh.
Came with a friend last night and ordered:Chicken Super Burrito + Shrimp and Steak Burrito + Strawberry aguas fresca (spelling?) drink to share= $20 and change. Strawberry drink--should have got my own and another to go. It was that good.Friend and I split the shrimp and steak burrito and it was super yummy and we were super full already. We couldn't eat the chicken burrito so it will be our lunch for today. Yay! Will come back again!
So apparently SF-Mission has their own way of making Mexican food - soft steamed tortillas? "clean" (bland) meats? and huge portions. [LA vs. SF] I prefer my lard-laden cute&ghetto artery clogging LA taquerias.I played splitsies with my boyfriend on an al pastor super burrito, lengua taco, chorizo taco, and carne asada taco. My bf preferred the burrito over the tacos, and I vice versa... The burrito came heavy with rice, beans, and sour cream; the pastor came in large and tender chunks but seemed to be unfortunately *very lightly* marinated, or just overall lost within the mess of rice/beans/sour cream. Overall, the al pastor was just bland compared to what I'm used to in SoCal and the burrito, though large and beastly, lacked any distinctive flavors imo. I liked the tacos much better, likely due to the absence of rice/beans/sour cream. Of the tacos, the lengua (beef tongue) was my definite favorite... the tongue was extremely, and surprisingly, tender, and something I would come back for. The chorizo was a complete flop, and the carne asada was dry and nothing special.Based on my single experience, it would be unlikely that I come back for anything but their [lengua] tacos... and that will likely also be subject to only when I'm drunk and nothing else is open. Overall, El Farolito (and all of Mission's taquerias...?!) is just another great place for your late night munchies.
I've waited for 25 minutes. It takes forever. Also its very very crowded. Cooks have dirty hands, it's disgusting. While I was waiting, they mixed up the order for another guy. I don't recommend going to this place.
We had great quesadillas and burritosThe portions are huge so really you can shareService is quick and that's good because there is always a lineDon't expect a fancy place. Small joint where you eat and then leave very happy about the food
The carne asada is so good here! I've only tried the quesadilla (which I devoured) and even took half home since it turned out to be huge. The line was pretty long, but moved relatively fast. Satisfying place for late night grub. Prepare to run into some interesting people.
got the super suiza quesadilla. pretty tasty! the quesadilla came cut in half with one half stacked on top of the other. the top half was nicely crispy but some of the quesadilla juices from the top half dripped onto the bottom half. bottom half: still pretty tasty.also, i think it's good that the toilet room has a door that locks but the sinks are outside of the locked door. this is good for those times you just want to wash your hands but don't need to use a toilet. a++++ would eat again
What I ate: Carne asada nachos, chicken burritoVisit date: May 9, 2012First time? Yes.AHHHH!!! So good. The nachos are made with tons of toppings. No chip is left behind! And the chicken burrito is not good for you, but your buddies of taste will thank you in song. The chicken is tender and juicy, and all the other ingredients (sour cream, rice, salsa, guac, beans...) meld together to form a creamy inside. Excuse me while I wipe the drool off of my face. This joint is perfect for late night snackage.
Recap and verdict: over 2000 reviews. 4.5 stars. If you're judging based off food and food alone, this place deserves more than 5 stars. CASH ONLY!Carne asada is some of the best I've ever had in my life. No joke. Burritos are large. The aroma itself will captivate you before you even take a bite. Salsa bar is limited but you don't need to add a lot to this burrito to make it good. Staff is friendly. It's a hole in the wall with limited seating. But who cares. I wish I lived in San Francisco to go back. It's that good
Oooh El Farolito let me praise the ways you have made my craving for quesadillas oh so pleasant and satisfying:The Super Quesadilla Suiza is one of the BEST quesadillas for your bang. It literally is a plate full so even though you may not want to cause it's so damn tasty, you should share this bad boy with someone. This quesadilla is not meant for people that have a "small" appetite. Have gotten the Suiza with Al Pastor and can I just say DROOL. Every bite you get a good mix of all the ingredients and they do not go skimpy on any of the ingredients. I have to preface that I am not an avocado fan at all but I can't believe that I even eat this with big ol' slice of avocados in it. This place does get pretty packed late night but it is definitely worth waiting for. Indulge and feed your inner drunken hunger with every mouth watering bite and you won't regret it. =)
. Nothing beats cheap Mexican food at 1am. The place was crowded with drunkies at this time but the wait wasn't too bad, and there were a decent amount of seats . Al pastor tacos were amazing at 2.25 each. Recommended
I know everyone goes crazy for the burritos but I am gluten free and unable to have them. The tacos are huge though!! I am obsessed with the incredible avocado salsa & literally use like 4 containers per visit. This is a MUST VISIT in the Mission.
BOMB Mexican Food. Being originally from SoCal, I have had a hard time finding a yummy, go-to Mexican place to satisfy my cravings. My friend and I decided to come here after doing archery (Yelp for the win!), and at first, we were a little hesitant in eating here; it is not necessarily the cleanest place, a very hole-in-the-wall kind of place. However, all the best food places comes for these types of restaurants right? Besides, the line was pretty long and it looked like all the locals went there, so you know this place is legit.Everything looked pretty delicious on the menu, but based on Yelp, we decided to order the Quesadilla Suiza, the Carne Asada Super Burrito, chips, and Horchata. First thing to note: the portions are HUGE. My friend and I ordered way too much food and were dying towards the end of our meal as we were trying desperately to finish it all (which we did like champs). Also take note that my friend has a bottomless pit when it comes to eating, and finishing all this food made him suffer a bit too. The Quesadilla Suiza was simply delicious--my favorite thing that we ordered, and something that I will definitely order again the next time I come back. We decided to have chicken in it as opposed to beef, and I think next time I will definitely try it with the beef option. Half of that alone was pretty filling for me, but it was delicious; no extra sauce was needed, and it had the perfect balance between salty, creamy, and deliciousness. The Carne Asada Super Burrito was alright--nothing too special about it. I don't think I will order it again, and it was a little dry. Add a little salsa too it (I recommend the green one), and you are good to go. The chips were yummy and I like the different salsas that were offered (the green one was my favorite). The Horchata tasted a little bit like a Dubble Bubble pink bubblegum, but I never had Horchata before so my friend insisted that we get it. All in all, it was a delicious and very fulfilling meal (I was in a food coma for over 2 hours), and was a great way to top off a wonderful day with one of my best friends.
Don't get me wrong... It's delicious and full of life, but it is not *that* extraordinary given the neighborhood. El farolito is pretty standard. In my opinion, it is not better than the many other decent taquerias in the Mission (yes, not comparing it to taquerias that are sometimes shut down by the health dept. and/or 'gringo' taquerias). El farolito serves a solid, consistent and scrumptious meal, but in this neighborhood (as far as Mexican goes) that's actually easy to come by.Delicious but not as incredible as these yelp reviews make it out to be.
The super burrito with carne asada is the best burrito I've had! Food is authentic, fresh and servings are large. The diverse crowd is definitely an indicator of how amazing the food is. Not to mention, they have Mexican coke in the bottled. The line is usually out the door. Totally worth the wait! Overall food is bomb.com!!! A definite must eat... Enjoy!
For under $7 you get a loaded burrito! The five star review is based on the food and service alone. Don't come here expecting a clean or fancy looking restaurant, it is completely a hole in a wall, super tiny with very little seating and while your eating bodies may be moving across you through your meal. The line can get really long after midnight but goes by pretty quickly. The food is cooked fresh to order and I am very specific on what I want and don't want in my burrito and for as busy as they are they have never once failed me. Easy rice, easy beans, red sauce, no salsa, extra steak with sour cream, pinch of cilantro, sometimes shrimp. Delicious! I have not been able to eat in the restaurant, I end up eating in my car but it is still great! I would say one of the best burritos I have had in the city. It is cash only!
My go-to Mission burrito spot. Very conveniently located next to the 24th street & Mission BART stop. I have implemented a new life rule--when, on my nightly commute transferring from BART to the bus, my bus is not there because it has broken down (not infrequent--thanks a lot, MUNI!) I treat myself to a carnitas burrito.
Being from San Diego I'm so accustomed to eating burritos at ridiculously late hours of the night or early hours of the morning after a night of drinking & dancing, only the best of Mexican places were to be visited sober during the daytime. And I must say, I'd definitely eat here during the day sans any drinking whatsoever. The food itself is enough to excite my belly. For $6.25 each, I shared the Quesadilla Super Suiza & the Super Burrito with a friend, both with chicken. Both stuffed to the max. Both delicious. I love how sour cream & avocado are included & not an extra $0.50 or something silly like that. I ate 1/2 of the quesadilla, which was practically burrito size & was so full I had to eat my burrito later. Surprisingly, it still tasted good as leftovers, one the the most important qualities of food. My bf had the Al Pastor Super Burrito & once I tasted it I immediately wished I had ordered it. The pork is so flavorful, ahhh I can't stop thinking about it. Luckily at 11am on a Saturday there was no line, but once we finished eating around 12, the places filled up! There's minimal tables & cash only, so plan ahead. Parking in the Mission is also ridiculous, so be patient, the food will be worth the fight!
The single most savory, and flavorful burrito, and the quesadilla suiza, so GOOD. Really didn't expect to find a burrito, or even the best Mexican food in San Francisco, but it definitely lived up to it's reputation.
Although not necessarily worth the insane amount of hype that seemed to surround it the.carne asada super burrito was pretty dam good. I enjoyed the atmosphere both inside and outside because it feels right when you're ordering an oversized burrito at bargain prices. Definitely is a 5 star burrito but small town businesses in communities with strong Mexican influences can give you the same experience for the same price or less.
the best mexican food in the city open late night is a bonus the truth so good she will lick your fingers lol great food
Just moved back to CA, from TX and had to try the Mexican food here. Saw good reviews for El Farolito and figured I'd give it a try for lunch. Went a little before the lunch rush crowd and hardly a line. I live so close to the place, figured why not? Ordered the quesadilla super suiza with carne asada - comes with cheese, sour cream, and avocado to-go, all for under 8 bucks. This thing is pretty huge, almost like their super burrito minus the rice and beans! Was pretty tasty and their pico and salsa were fresh as well. Ate 1/3 of it and was already full. Would totally recommend this place to others. Will most likely come back again and try their other items on the menu. Oh btw, it's cash only. It's right at the corner of 24th and Mission.
I don't get why this place is so highly rated. I've been here three times now, each time hoping for an outstanding meal commensurate with this place's ratings. Alas I have been disappointed each time. Food - 3 stars. Ok food, but nothing great.The super burrito is certainly huge, but not that tasty. For starters, it's too dense. There are no distinct flavors. Can't understand how anyone can say this is the best carne asada burrito in CA. The tacos are decent. The nachos were full of meat ... Unfortunately, not nearly enough chips. Not your typical problem; but annoying.So, why only one star instead of three? This place smells; especially if you sit in the back. I had to move tables otherwise I wouldn't have been able to eat. That's just not acceptable!
I've been trying to find a go-to burrito place ever since moving back to the Bay and the ridiculous prices with several sub-standard experiences have thwarted this effort for a while. Finally, I decided to give this place a try after reading the reviews from three of my respected sources, Marti L, Tom R and Karen Y. This hole in the wall resembles a narrow vertical hallway that offers you a fascinating preview of the food through its open kitchen by the door. Although the dim lighting and cafeteria style seating may not situate you in the most pretentious environment, but this place is not about that. The place is about using messy greasy fingers to pick up the fattest burritos, tacos and tortas and let your pretty smile dangle with something that looked like gooey string cheese with ruminants of spicy red salsa still printed on either side of your smeared little cheekies.I came back for two straight days to try their super lengua burrito ($5.45) and pastor torta ($4.45). The super burrito came with generous portions with savory chunky lengua evenly distributed throughout. The lengua was complemented with thick slices of fresh avocado, salsa, rice, pinto beans, and lots of melted cheeses wrapped in a white flour tortilla. They didn't skimp on anything as the taste of lengua was robust and savory with every bite; and the fresh avocado slices and thick servings of melted cheeses did a nice job in bringing its own mix of sweet and savory deliciousness. The mix of rice and beans were perfect additions as they were filling but not overwhelming to round out the supporting cast. During this visit I also tried their watermelon fresca ($1.25/large) and it was sweet and refreshing--something that I recommend.My first rate experience led me to come back this morning to try my very first torta. For less than five buckaroos, portions were humongous again with plenty of chunky pastors to go with a thick layer of melted cheeses, fresh greens, thick tomato and avocado slices, and a thin layer of refried pinto beans--all stacked in between fresh buns right off the grill. I was already super full midway into the meal but it was so good that I had to finish it. I thought the numerous jalapeno slices embedded in the cheese was one memorable highlight, and the use of fresh greens, tomato and avocado gave the sandwich a sophisticated mix of textures to go with the other components that were more finesse and savory. With delicious pastor still sizzling, my torta was greasy, messy, and memorable.This place is hard to beat given its tangible offerings of price, portion, and quality. Like several other occasions at similar places, I had to repeat several times to assure them that I can handle jalapenos in my food but otherwise service was friendly and responsive. If there is any limitation to this place, it would be their weak salsa bar and a 50 cents charge for the chips. I found the red salsa on the far right the most legit but otherwise the taste of the other two options did not register. Since I'm a tacos kind of guy, I hope to come back to try their great looking tacos. 4.5 stars for the overall experience.
Omg. There was a nasty bug in my food. thank God i hadn't eaten any of it! i would of tossed my cookies! I ordered a chicken torta. I received the torta special fresh with a big juicy bug in it and all.. Ruined my lunch break and appetite. But thanks to them I jumped start my diet before the wedding i was in! Never again!!! I wondered how many bugs people have eaten here in the past!! I wanted to fast just thinking about it!! They were super nice about the bug nestled comfortably in my melted cheese and offered free food(as if they had a choice) but NO THANKS!! I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN! They get a negative 1 star!!!!
After an evening of drunken debauchery, nothing satisfies me like a big ol' tasty burrito and El Farolito was able to deliver just that. Despite my regular aversion to this area of the mission, the siren call of late night Mexican food was too strong and I found myself and my valentine here in the middle of the night with a big appetite and cash in hand. Good thing I brought a twenty because the food is not as cheap as one would expect for a divey taqueria, but I think you get what you pay for plus my burrito def weighed as much as one of my cousins when he was a preemie baby (now a healthy 20 year old, thus making my joke inoffensive!).While definitely more of a fast food rather than a sit-down-and-converse-over-wine type of restaurant, this place is clean and yummy. I can't wait to take my friends from back home in Canada here and watch their reactions to the location and "colourful" locals!
Best Super Shrimp Burrito Ever! Perfectly cooked shrimp laid on a bed of rice, beans, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and onions. Come late at night after the club and it's still open for you to get your drunchies (drunk munchies). The line is out the door so that many people can't be wrong. They give chips with every order and the verde salsa is the best. Long lines but they get the food to you as quickly as possible and they bring your food where you are seated.BOMB BOMB BOMB! It is the bomb.
Always consistent food with a true Mission experience. All the food is delicious and fresh. I love going there late at night or early morning on Sunday. Mandatory sf experience.
Super freakin carne asada burrito. This was just absolutely delicious. I literally had the sandwich from Roli Roti about 30 minutes prior to coming here, and I didn't think I would have room for any more food. But when I saw that burrito and what was inside, I just had to finish. I can't put my finger on the elements that made it good; everything just tasted...right. Like it hit all the right senses in my mouth. And it certainly helped that the salsa was good. Place is somewhat small, and the entrance where you order is a little cramped. But that's okay...because you get some yummy food if you wait and fight through the waiting time. I also got the strawberry agua fresca. Pretty good as well. Not too sweet, yet refreshing on a sunny day.
Best vegetarian burrito I've had and I'm a meat lover. We had ours with avocado and without sour cream.
Excellent burrito! I've seen very long lines here, especially late at night, but only had a moderate wait in the late afternoon.
Like Taqueria Cancun, the burritos are delicious and the prices are cheap. I really enjoyed my carne asada super burrito (around $6, woo hoo), but everything was super greasy. The burritos are generously sized. The place is super crowded and grungy as are most cheap places in the Mission.I still prefer other places in the Mission, but I would DEFINITELY come back here time and again for delicious and cheap burritos.
partying in SF + midnight munchies = el farolito.People from SoCal bring quesidillas back. I don't know how great it is once it gets down there... but it's pretty darn amazing the night of. I usually get a super suiza... mmmm yum. This place has been reviewed enough so I don't have to jibber on anymore.
Delicious tacos, super cheap, and my vegetarian friends love this place
After a year of living in the city, I finally gave in and came here. I tried their quesadilla with carnitas and super nachos with carne asada. It's good in the sense that it meets my expectations for mexican food.I like their salsa. It's cheap and filling for when you're having munchies or you are a college student. I like bringing my tourist friends here because they are quite famous internationally.But as a local, my own spot is always going to be Taqueria Guadalajara in the Excelsior.
I finally went to El Farolito around 630pm on a Sunday night, and the line was a bit crazy! I think I went in with high expectations for this place and was a bit disappointed. I ordered a regular burrito with carne asada and pinto beans and a side of chips. The pico de gallo was fresh as where the other salsas, one green avo and the other a tomato salsa. I wish they had one that was a bit hotter, since all the sauces were pretty mild. The whole experience was good, but nothing to write home about. I'll definitetly give this place another try, and I'll try the tacos next time.
I got myself a carne asada super burrito and it was awesome. I know it's up in the FiveThirtyEight nationwide bracket as a #1 seed, but don't take my 5 star review to mean it's the best. I still prefer Chavez Supermarket burritos. Ingredients are fresher. Anyway, no complaints about this place. A great burrito but it does have peers and superiors. BTW parking was a nightmare and I think it's awesome that they're open so late.
Best. Burritos. In. NorCal! I've tried their burritos twice. Once at this location and once at the Alemany location. This one is conveniently located next to a Bart station, so East Bay people, you have no excuse of saying this is too far. They serve generously sized burritos, with a wide range of meat choices. My favorite would be cabeza. Yeah, the head. It's very flavorful and tender if you can get around the idea of eating odd parts of the cow. I ordered a super burrito with cabeza with no beans. That creamy avocado, mixed in with the juicy & tender meat, add the warm rice, and you get the best hangover meal/drunchies. I love how their tortilla wrap isn't overly thick, to the point where I'm only biting into the tortilla and none of the stuffing. They have this cilantro sauce that goes really well with the burrito! (It's green, I'm not too sure what it is, so I'm making an educated guess) The bad thing about this location is that it's very narrow at the walkway and it's usually so packed that you might not be able to dine there. Otherwise, very quick and friendly service, great foods, gimme gimme gimme!!!
SOO good! Loved the chile relleno!
Eeehhhhhh. I mean its ooooooookaaayyy.I'm kind of on a mission (haha, get it?!) to find my own personal fav taqueria* (it's a hotly debated topic in this town, so I have to put an asterick next to my own personal fav, since there will never be a clear cut winner). I've been to all the Mission standards, but noticed this place has almost DOUBLE the amount of reviews of the others. And it works out to be pretty decently rated. So I put it on my list.I mean, it's just OK. I had two tacos, one chicken and one asada. The chicken was actually pretty legit - I liked the flavor. The asada was ok. My bf got the same two tacos and the asada burrito, which was kinda mediocre. They have a nice salsa bar and you get chips with your order, plus all the yummy standard bebidas. The thing that bothers me the most about this place is that it's kinda gross inside. It's just dirty. There is leftover food and napkins, and basically just a lot of crap all over the tables and the floor. I get the whole dive concept (I live by the TL and adore some of the technically "grossest" bars ever), but I wasn't feelin this place. I will say I saw this guy open up his super nachos with sheer childlike joy, and they looked pretty awesome. I was a little jealous, honestly. I think the only way I would go back is to try the nachos, but other than that I'm out. Next!
love the carne asada super quesadilla! Burritos and tacos delish too!
Worth the wait. Trust me.
I love burritos. I love them so much that there was a time I'd eat them at least twice a week (and once, 5 days in a row). So, being a new resident of SF, what's a burrito lover to do? Eat a Mission style burrito of course! The only problem was that I'd never had a Mission burrito before. Of course, the only logical conclusion would be try a variety of Mission burrito joints. For science!So for this scientific experiment, I decided to get my standard burrito, or as close to it as possible, at each restaurant:- carne asada- pinto beans- sour cream- guacamole- cheese- no riceFirst up was El Farolito. My expectations were sky high, since the Mission burrito is legen(wait for it)dairy. Too bad, because I just thought the burrito was meh. It was good, but the flavors were just off for me, Was that just the flavor of a Mission burrito? Or was that just a mediocre attempt at a Mission burrito by El Farolito. Like I said at the start, it'll take a few visits to different burrito joints, but I'm up for the task. Stay tuned for the next installment of The Mission Burrito Experiment!
Don't buy the hype.My gf and I both had the carne asada super, as recommended. It was good, but not great. Also, it was a lot of work to make it good (there seems to be no sauce inside so I had to add my own blend with every bite). (TIP: take a lot of salsa!)Given that it came with guac, it was cheap, so I'm inclined to give 4 stars. But the annoying ticket system during the wait bumps it back down to a high 3.As a Michigander and current NYC resident, I have to ask, is this the best you've got San Francisco?
Very good! Exactly what you'd want from a no thrills burrito place. You choose your own salsa and can help yourself to as much as you want. Chips were fresh and the burrito was big and delicious. Service was quick and friendly.
I was expecting a lot from this place based on its high esteem in the eyes of Nate Silver's Burrito Bracket over at Five Thirty-Eight, and to be honest my expectations weren't quite met. Don't get me wrong, the super burrito I had was excellent, but I wouldn't go so far as to call El Farolito the best burrito joint in SF, or even the Mission. 4 stars still well deserved though.
I highly recommend this place! I come from a place that has 0% good Mexican restaurants (Minnesota) and while this isn't the best Mexican I've ever had, it is really good. The carne asada was quite good and so was the strawberry drink.Definitely get the strawberry drink.
Living in ghetto part of Redwood City (aka dollar taco stand on every block) over the past year, i feel fairly qualified to judge hole in the wall burrito joints.This place is definitely solid. It just wasn't the mind-blowing tasting experience I expected from the number of glowing 5-star reviews. 6 bucks for a good sized super burrito with guacamole is def a great value.No diarrhea the next day, which is always a nice bonus with these kinds of places.
The food here is solid, but you do have to accept that seating is scarce and tight. There will also be a line that leads you from the door to the register. ALong the way, you can see meat being grilled and plates of delicious food being assembled on the other side of the glass partition. By the time you reach the register to order, you'll likely have changed you mind a couple of times, based on the last delicious item you saw being prepared.It's a sort of run-down place; however, that's part of the charm.  The food is pretty darn good, though.  It's one of those "hole-in-the-wall" places that you tell your friends about when you're grabbing a quick dinner before going to dance in that cool jazz club down the street.  The food here is fresh (you get to watch them preparing the meat), hot, and generous in portion. Warning: Beware of ordering multiple dishes "to try" unless you have enough people to help eat them. the servings are large. Some are massive.They only take cash, so be prepared.  No ATM, no plastic of any kind accepted.A burrito "al pastor" (marinated pork) is enough to put a smile on your face and fuel you up sufficiently for the rest of the day's activities.
Best tongue burrito ever. Enough said.
Coming from LA I have had my fair share of Mexican food. El Fraolito was up there with the best!We took the bus from Chinatown there. It took about 45 minutes to get there. It was a little crowded at the front of the restaurant which made it a little confusing to anyone going there for the first time. The counter is at the front with seating along the side and to the back. I ordered a carne asada burrito to half it with my wife. The meat had great flavor and the beans and rice were in a good ratio. That's not what this review is about though. Definitely the thing to try when you go there is the Super Quesadilla Suiza. Think of a hybrid burrito/quesadilla with guacamole and sour cream. Again the meat was very good but in combination with melted cheese and sour cream and guacamole made it amazing. This was one of the best Mexican food items I have ever had. I will be going back to El Farolito when im back in San Francisco.
Yes, I came here stone sober. Twice. For lunch. Mr. Pollo down the street was closed (awww) but Farolito's beacon beamed me in... after all, over 2000 satisfied reviewers cannot be wrong, right? Right. Unlike most reviewers (who favor the burritos) I got the enchilada plate with pork (see my picture- the first of 300+ photos to feature enchiladas!). The red sauce, avocado, sour cream, cheesy pinto beans and whole roasted jalapenos from the salsa bar more than did the trick, and provided a carbo/protein load to fuel a day of logging nearly 30 miles on my bike scaling the best of San Francisco's hills and coastline. I didn't get hungry again for SIX HOURS. I would come back in a heartbeat. And did.
Love the veggie burrito. My only complaint is that they don't have guacamole!!!!!! Just plain avocado. LAME!!!!
Gawd this place is AMAZINGGG!!It's my go to place for burritos en Frisco. Not only are they an amazing price but they give you HELLA and the food is SUPERB. Their lengua super burritos... nombre, DELISIA. I love to pair it off with an agua de horchata.The service is top notch despite the crowdyness. Los vatos, muy buena onda :)I just love this place okay.
Great burritos, tasty drinks, and a convenient location. What more can you ask for?I have been here multiple times, and every burrito I've had has left me totally satisfied. Carnitas, beef tongue, its all so delicious, and you can wash it down with some horchata or beer.
El Farolito is an excellent Mexican spot if you're looking for taco's, burritos, or quesadilla's. The food is incredible, and the service is good. They'll get you processed and out the door in minutes. I'm not a huge fan of the restaurant's look but I never dine-in. If you're looking for great tasting, fast Mexican food then El Farolito should be on your list of Mexican joints. They also accept major credit cards Enjoy!.
I live in SD right now, so I know good Mexican food, so don't try to take me to a Mexican place outside of the border-town. I know it will just pale in comparison and waste a perfectly good opportunity for another satisfying meal.it is for this reason that I did not want to go here on our trip up to SF. While Yelpers obviously liked it, how do I know that the reviewers had not had the good stuff from SD. Maybe this was just good, but good for SF. Nonetheless, we went here.I don't know if it was my lower expectations that I enjoyed this so much, but this thing was amazing. I was already full since this was already stop #4 for the day, but I got a Quesadilla Suiza. Holy shit this thing blew me out of the water. The flavors were all the same stuff that you would expect from a Super Quesadilla, but everything was just elevated. The meat was perfection, the cheese was delicious. I don't know if they used a different kind of cheese or what, but man it was incredible. I still think about this place even though 2 months have passed now.I liked it so much, I would even go back on my next trip, which I'm hoping will be sooner rather than later.
my favorite mexican restaurant of all time! hands down.Get the super quesdilla and it wont disappoint. Theres so much meat.... and everything! the quesadilla is huge. Also, always get the strawberry fresca with your meal, it wont disappoint
El Farolito is one of my favorite taquerias in San Francisco. Tonight I got two super burritos, one carne asada and one carnitas. My cousin and I scarfed them down in like five minutes. The service was super fast for a Friday night. It was a super convenient and quick snack before hitting the sack after a night out.
Came here finally after seeing the 7x7 list and hearing so many people rave about this place. My friends and I came here on a Sunday afternoon right after cinco de mayo. It was surprisingly not very crowded as we assumed a lot of people would be needing that greasy sustenance from all the drinking the night before.Anyways, I got the super carne asada burrito and I have to say, it was ginormous. What I love most about this place is the fresh avocado they throw in the burrito and the cheese that melts in the burrito. The carne asada was tender, flavorful and was in every single bite. I wolfed down that burrito like there was no tomorrow. I will be back here again to get other items such as carnitas and their quesadillas. Also, it is so damn cheap! I got the burrito, chips and coke for $9. That is freaking amazing!
Best burrito and super quesadilla in the city. Always tastey. Carne asada or carne and shrimp for either the quesadilla or the burrito. Open late, great avocado salsa. This place needs no more hype from me.
I visited El Farolito on a Saturday night and the line was about 10 people long. It moved by pretty quickly though. The menu has just about everything you'd expect from a Mexican restaurant. The restaurant itself isn't too big, but big enough. The whole process is pretty quick. Order, pay, get your salsa, grab a table, wait for your number to be called, eat your food and go. We probably were there a total of 20 minutes or so. My boyfriend and I decided to share:-Chips ($0.50): pretty plain, but I thought they were good. They were crispy and I just wanted something to eat right away. The salsas are pretty good- and spicy!-Super Suiza Quesadilla (about $7): this came as two huge pieces. It was filled with plenty of meat (we chose al pastor/marinated pork), avocado, sour cream, salsa, and a fair amount of cheese. I liked that it was cheesy, without being overly cheesy. The tortilla was nicely grilled and this one order was plenty for both of us. (They also have a "Quesadilla para dos", for about $11. I can't even imagine how humongous that must be.) Overall, I have to say that the food was tasty, the price is fair, and it's open late. I'm a fan.
Best burritos yet! This place is a hole in the wall, messy, and very small, but I don't care. I'm not coming for the ambiance at all, it's all about the food. I recommend the lengua burrito, if you're adventurous. I'm sure all the food is great here, but the lengua is seriously to die for.
El FarolitoI've been here dozens of times and every time I come in there is a five-minute line to order and a lot of people already eating. Sometimes it'll be more. The cashier is really nice and moves the line quickly which is helpful because the masses of people don't stop coming. Although they don't have "waiter" service the do bring your meal to your table which is surprising for a taqueria. The first time I came I had the grilled chicken and it was great but while I was eating the woman across from me ordered a chile relleno burrito. That's right you heard me a chile relleno but in a big ass tasty burrito. This thing is so over the top it's going to be the only thing I order from them for at least the next three visits.I also really appreciate the friendly staff. The cashier is always friendly and moves the never ending line along and the rest of the staff is in a good mood and happy to be serving you.City Health Card = 9399.999% chance I will return.
Bomb ass burritos. I love mission styled burritos compared to the socal styled burritos which are kinda dry. This place is the essence of the San Francisco style burrito. It kinda dirty and dingy but holes in the walls are usually the best comfort foods.
I know I'm going to be crucified by the El Farolito-lovers that run this city, but I've been to El Farolito more times than I can count and I really don't think it's all that people say it is! I've had a range of burritos from this El Farolito location, from decent to actually quite bad. Granted, I almost always get chicken and a couple times I've eaten the burrito an hour or two after ordering it. But even when I've ordered carne asada and eaten it immediately, I still think these burritos are unremarkable. The worst experience I had was with a shredded chicken burrito eaten an hour after it was ordered. It was almost completely filled with chicken and so dry I had to wash it down with water.I admit that the prices here are pretty fantastic, they're SO cheap! But you don't get free chips, which is a bit disappointing. I'll keep coming here because it's convenient, decent, and cheap, but I don't believe that El Farolita is all that people have cracked it up to be.
Very huge, well priced, well located burritos. I'm pretty sure it's "everyone's favorite taqueria" literally just because of the location. I came here with a friend because it had the highest number of yelp reviews for "mission burrito", but I think I'm just contributing to some misplaced snow-ball effect of reviews. Totally decent. Only complaint I have is that they don't use guacamole, they just use avocados. Not only does that mean less flavor, but they're also often (the three times I've been) totally firm and unripe. They become large obstacles to the rest of the burrito, so I'd just go ahead and say 'don't bother,' you won't miss much. That being said, it's hard to find a bad burrito in the mission, and this one is right by BART. It's cash only, but there's an ATM right there.
I feel like such a hater! Maybe I need some beer in me first, seeing as most of these reviews come after crazy nights of drinking!I ordered a SUPER QUESADILLA SUIZA w/ carnitas; it was a good, hot, JUICY mess, but not any more so than usual... I'll go for that amazing burrito y'all rave about next time! I loved the low prices for the huge amount of food, the chips I got in the to-go bag were a fun surprise except that I didn't pack salsa, and the horchata... yeah you should stay away. I felt like I was drinking paint. *sad face* !!
El farolito!!! El faro-litooooo! litoooo! My first burrito love. In high school and early college years, if I only had $5 for food the entire day I would hit up this place for a super carne asada burrito. Burritos so stuffed you're incapable of doing anything productive for the entire day...delicious and filling. It's actually rare for me to kill a super burrito nowadays because of fear of being too full to do anything later on...eater be aware! After I turned 21, I don't think I ever ate at this place sober or earlier than 1am. Sober or inebriated I recommend everything on their menu.
AMAZING quesadilla super suiza. I mean, you can't really go wrong when you pile sour cream, guacamole, steak, and cheese into a quesadilla, but it was delicious.I also ordered chicken tacos, but the order came out wrong, and the meat on the tacos was unidentifiable. It ended up being fine, as the quesadilla is huge, but check your order before you leave!
I've been going here for over 2 decades and it is still the best burrito place I've been to. Grab BART, get off on 24th and Mission, and go here.
Best pork burrito of my life. Recommended by a coworker and wow wow wow! Fresh ingredients, sturdy shell and a tight roll, perfect. Very well priced.
HO HO HO this place definitely DOES NOT need me to review it.Simply put:1) big ass burritos2) cheap ass burritos3) fast ass burritosCash only. Come again either drunk or sober, everyone is welcome.
booooorritohz & tacos ^__^
After reading the reviews I decided to check this place out. If you take Bart, get off on 24th Mission, El Farolito is right across the street. I ordered the super carne asada burrito due to its overwhelming praise on Yelp. It's huge and lives up to its hype. It tasted fresh and very flavorful. Best mexican food I've had in awhile. I will definitely be back. You have to try!!
Their burritos are huge (I usually just take a bite out of Loverboy's order) and the meat they use is very flavorful (although some of the chicken pieces I bit into were a bit dry). Loverboy really likes this place and says it's his favorite burrito spot in the Mission District. I think they're ok/alright. I'm not a big fan of their tortilla chips and the salsa bar doesn't look too appetizing at the end of the night.The service was kind of slow and the line can sometimes get really long. You really have no choice but to take your food to go when all the seats are taken. They're conveniently located near the BART station and they're a cool inexpensive spot to hit up when you have the alcohol induced munchies.
We drove out here and hunted for parking for 5 minutes before our prayers were answered and we found the perfect spot for our cute Honda Fit - all because one of my husband's friends said that we just had to go to this place.I guess I was pretty disappointed after all the hype. We ordered a burrito and it was kinda oily and kinda just meh.I'm only sorry that I didn't love it but looks like I'm in the minority.
I've eaten here a few times, and although I haven't had anything bad (except for the pieces of gristle in my last burrito), I am not going to rave about it. I'm not quite sure why it gets such high reviews and accolades. I like that it is open late, and I have never left hungry. I guess my main complaint is flavor: I've tasted better. El Farolito fills my belly, but I have cravings for another certain Mexican joint that fills me with joy.
After enjoy a great concert in the city, we were all hungry, dehydrated, and sweaty. To energize ourselves, my bro-in-law suggested we go to El Farolito for some Mexican cuisine. They were open pretty late which is a good thing. The restaurant super packed and the line was out the door around 2am. I decided to get the Carne Asada super burrito. The burrito consisted of carne asada, sour cream, avocado, spanish rice, refried beans all wrapped in a flour tortilla. Once I got my burrito and took a bite of it, I was overwhelmed with the taste of sour cream and avocado. I barely tasted any carne asada. I'm not sure if the quality of the food was effected by restaurant employees rushing to get people in and out. I see a lot of my Yelp peers rating this place four to five stars. Even my bro-in-law spoke very highly of this place. He himself said that they were not a their best that night.I would love to try this place again when it's less busy and maintained for cleanliness for dine-in partons.
This place was chosen specifically because of the great reviews on Yelp, and I imagine that this could be the most awesome place in the city. However, I will never know because I got something completely different from what I ordered. I was excited for a fantastic carne asada burrito with avocado, sour cream, cheese, and all of the burrito goodness that goes along. Somehow instead I ended up with an egg burrito. I am not even sure why that exists, in retrospect, especially since the beans aren't vegetarian. Since I have to review on what I got, I have to say it was only just ok. It lacked the flavor I expected, and even salsa on top didn't do the trick. For what it's worth, though, my companion adored his pork burrito. Next time (if there is one), I am going for the quesadilla and being *extremely careful and specific* when I order. That said, I was pretty clear and don't have much of an accent, so who knows how the egg burrito came to be in the first place.
Pretty good burrito. BUT, I'm sorry San Fran, your best burrito tastes just like our chain, Dos Toros, in New York (just to be fair, it's run by two guys from San Fran). But anyway, $6 is a great price to pay for a good burrito. I also got the horchata which tasted JUST like bubble gum. Really weird but whatever. The thing that surprised me most with this burrito was that you could actually taste the flavor in the rice, something I've never experienced outside of my mothers/grandmothers cooking. Either way, good burrito, but I wish this burrito snob bs would be put to rest: now New York has a great contender so HA!
Absolutely the best Mexican food in San Francisco. Quesadilla Suiza or the Super Burrito for me. Every meat is cooked just right so take your pick. Well worth the visit and priced fairly for the level of quality they put out.
Went to this place because I heard the burritos here are life changing. I wouldn't exactly call them life changing, but they're hella tasty though. On my first visit there I ordered the sesos or the brains. My second visit, I went for the carne asada. Both burritos did not disappoint. They are massively filling and a good way to put you into a satisfying food coma.
After seeing all the rave reviews on Yelp, I absolutely had to check it out. This is the real deal. I thought El Metate was the shit but El Farolito is legit. All of the employees are more fluent in Spanish than English and they are cash only. Oh also I saw sesos (brain) on the menu, as well as lengua (tongue) and tripe. I got the lengua super burrito and it was literally as big as my forearm. No lie. It was filled with beany goodness, rice, lettuce, tomato, guac and sour cream, all wrapped up in a tortilla of love. They also have fresh squeezed orange juice. The guy in front of us ordered one and the cashier juiced about 20 oranges right in front of us. Please. Pay this place a visit and sink your teeth into a legit Mission burrito. But try not to use their bathroom if you can help it. It is the pits.
4 stars overall, but 5 for their BEST DAMN QUESADILLA EVER!!Greasy. Fatty. Cheesy. (Meaty.) Goodness.At a hole in the wall (quite frankly, somewhat dirty and/or questionable place), where sitting as far away from the bathroom is your best bet.But I mean it when I say Best. Damn. Quesadilla. Ever. It's some serious business - and you know this is an honest rating because I didn't come here after getting smashed at the bars.
I stopped by here with a friend because we were both craving Mexican food and I was intent on trying this place out.The place is pretty small, but there's a good amount of seating in the back. It gets pretty packed and busy so be aware that you may be waiting in line for a bit. The service is okay. Kind of pushy. It's also not exactly the cleanest place and it's not exactly in the nicest area so you're bound to see some interesting folks inside now and then.We both got super carne asada burritos and an order of regular nachos to share. I also got the strawberry aguas frescas to drink while my friend got horchata.We got the regular nachos and our drinks first. The nachos were a bit of a disappointment considering there was a ton of sour cream and a lack of salsa, cheese, and avocado. They gave us our chips kind of delayed I guess because the chips were soggy-ish. We finished eating it but....we didn't actually like it. We liked our drinks though. They give you a lot for what you pay for. I really suggest getting the strawberry drink when you go! It's refreshing and goes well with your food.The burritos were a lot better. I love the tortilla they use! The carne asada was so tasty and flavorful. We were full from the nachos so I took mine home to eat later. Even when it's cold, it's really good! I wouldn't suggest eating it cold though. Save your appetite for this burrito!Overall, I like Farolito enough to go back. If I'm craving Mexican food, I'll probably turn to El Farolito.
they're good, open late. their portions are too big, which I guess it ok if you have not eaten all day.BUT, if you are a girl, please remember that some day you may not be in San Francisco, maybe you will in LA or NY or Miami, and there you will have real competition, and your weight will matter! so don't eat too much, and just order 1 taco, believe me, it's enough.watch out for others stealing your to-go after 2am.and by all means only eat the vegetarian: do you realize this is not organic? and some of you eat the chicken and beef? please. get a clue, this is *not* the EU.
It's 2am, you got crunk with your friends and y'all want some noms. EL FAROLITO IS YOUR PLACE. They serve piping hot freshly made delicious food till 330am on Fridays and Saturday! D:The line usually goes out the door, but they're quick, and it's definitely worth the wait. I've tried many things in their menu and loved all of it. Can be a tad greasy but just a tad.Oh and don't get me wrong, this is a great place to eat at in the day too. Sometimes mariachi bands stop by and play a song or two, which is delightful :)
Food definitely can't get any cheaper than this... no way you can eat here for more than $10-$15. The quality of food is average though.
The carne asada super burrito was the best burrito I've ever had! The meat was cooked perfectly, and they used avocado instead of guac, which really adds to the flavor. If only I lived close enough to go more often... Tip: Try the green salsa from the salsa bar! It adds some real heat and an interesting flavor.
Always been coming here for the past 10 years and its always been good. Moved out to Hayward and tried looking for a spot that's similar.. no luck. This is the best burrito spot ive been to hands down.
Seriously, the best burrito I've ever had. God Bless. I'm so happy I was able to try such a delicacy. If only that neighborhood wasn't scary but then,] I would be there too often. This is def. a splurge meal.
S=subjective O=Objective A=Assessment P=PlanS: The legendary Farolito actually reminds me of Pasadita in Chicago... Dingy, Dark, Dirty, Drunkards. Tacos were full of punch drunk love flavor. Tacos so authentic, you can probably expect to contract Mexican hepatitis A and Entamoeba. O: T 100.3 P 99 R 18 BP 140/88Abdomen: Soft, distended, mild right upper quadrant tendernessExtremities: Dripping with marinade and taco sauceA: WIth tacos this good.. F$*# It! I'm gonna risk whatever bug or parasite that may grow inside me and burst through my belly. Eat now, worry about the consequences later... even if it may be a perforated abdominal wall. Not sure if I stimulated your appetite but that's proof of commitment. P: Drink bottled water.  Get your travel immunizations  Cuz u in Mehico ese!
There are sad burritos (little meat/beans/cheese, too much rice, and nonexistent sauce), and there is the carne asada super burrito from El Farolito.I came here at around ~9pm on a Saturday night for a pre-bar hopping meal, and oh god, the first bite of carne asada from my HUGE burrito reminded me why I could never go back to being vegetarian. SO AMAZING. The ($.50) chips were alright, but chips should be free! Am I cheap? I'm cheap.Best burrito in NorCal so far!!
So good. Beware of the long lines at peak hours... it could take up to 30 minutes to get your burrito. But it's pretty much worth it... they are amazing.
I heard a lot about their burritos so I decided to give them a shot.I ordered the carnitas super burrito and I have to say I was not impressed. Maybe it was just not the dish to order. I'll have to go back and give the tacos a try. It's well rated, so I'm willing to give it another shot.
Came here to try "the best burrito in San Francisco" and was honestly a bit disappointed! There was a really long line, which I expected because of the hype. The burrito was good but not the best I've had and nothing to write home about.
Was brought here by a couple locals around 1:30am best spot to go after drinking and a night on the town. This place has all the unhealthy food you look for to fill up your belly and help soak up some alcohol from nachos and all varieties of tacos. The super burrito is huge and you feel full after just eating half, since it comes wrapped in foil carefully re-wrap and you got something for the next day. ;) You have to be very hungry to eat an entire one to yourself, best to be shared that way you have room to try out their other items.I like the tacos here, they are piled high and have plenty of meat. The al pastor and lengua were ordered and was not disappointed with the juiciness and flavor. No additional sauce is needed, but their green chili sauce goes best with the burrito.Though the line can stretch out the door it moves quickly, have your friends order for you and grab a table as this place gets packed after hours. I heard from my friend a riot was once started here because food orders and numbers got mixed up. Never come between super hungry/drunk people and their bomb Mexican food. The horchata was sweet but has this odd grainy texture I wasn't too keen on. =( The atmosphere is loud and a bit on the messy side but can be overlooked since everyone else is a hot mess to match. Imagine sauce spillage and food crumbs everywhere with decreased hand to mouth coordination. Not the greatest place to be at late but going with a group helps and it's cheaper this way for cab fare. =p
The tackier the inside, the tastier the taco.El Farolito isn't tacky, though, but if you're at all sketched out by it's location, don't be. The quality of the meat and the salsa are exceptional at this hole in the wall Mexican joint. I'd definitely recommend the tacos, but the burritos and other items on the menu are also quite delish.
Pros:I ordered the a chicken quesadilla, and it was perhaps the biggest and most satisfying quesadilla I have eaten ever. It's not overly stuffed with beans and rice, but a good, filling piece. The salsa and sauce selection is just fine. The green sauce and tortilla chips added just enough of a mild complement of taste to what was already a satisfying and sumptuous, yet very cheap meal.Cons:If my friends and I came here during a "peak hour", we would not have found seating when we needed it. It can get crowded because it is evidently popular. However, it's not a bad thing, since the quality food is the main draw to this treasure in the Mission. Bottom Line: For quality food at a decent price, El Farolito does not disappoint. This is one place among many in the Mission that deserve the patronage it gets. Whenever I'm around and I'm craving the green sauce, I will be back.
OMG. If I could give more than 5 stars, I would. I used to come here in the late 90's before I moved down to LA. Surprisingly, I couldn't find a taqueria in LA that was as good as this place. I moved back to SF after 10 years, and this place is still as amazing as it was back then. Even the kindergarten-style tables are still there. I have been to hundreds and hundreds of taquerias in almost every major city in the country. This one still ranks as #1. I will never grow tired of their huge super quesadilla suiza. Never. So succulent and so rich with flavor. So cheap. So huge! I don't order anything else besides that. I can't really put how it tastes into words. You really just need to try it out for yourself!
Heard a lot of good stuff about this place, but we found it to be a hit or miss. My super quesadilla was pretty delicious, but the nachos were awful with tough meat and congealed cheese. I wasn't too impressed, but then again it could've been the hype. Super cheap though.
Tried this place for the first time with my boyfriend. I ordered the super carne asada burrito. I liked it and so did my boyfriend. Although tables were a little dirty, we still ate there. I even tried horchata for the first time! CASH ONLY.The neighborhood is pretty sketchy in the evening... It's also next to Bart.
Came here for lunch during Carnival festival this weekend as it has good yelp reviews. The place was packed but we managed to find a tabe to eat at. The menu is extensive and service is quick. I ordered the quesadilla with sour cream and avacado which was delicious. My son ordered the lengua taco and really enjoyed the large pieces of lengua. The one thing I wished was that the salsa was a bite more spicy but other then that enjoyed my food. Will probably eat here again if I was in the area.
Food and Hygiene: Overhyped place. The food is good but nowhere near what I had heard of it. Besides the hygiene standards of the place seem low. Timings: It stays open late at night, so an awesome place to grab something to eat after that long night of partying/drinking. Location: Conveniently located in front of the 24th Street Mission BART station.Overall a good place if you want to pick up your favorite burrito, but not as good as its hyped.
I would say that I have had my fair share of mexican food (I'm from socal).El farolito is the norcal fix of king taco and molca salsa. I have come here twice after getting intoxicated and OMG this really hits the spot. I've also come here sober and its still good! I really recommend the ceviche and the super suiza. And honestly, even if you don't like mexican food you should really try it out because the prices are not bad at all!
I came here on a Friday afternoon, and man was it busy. It's a popular place, located right next to the BART station. I wanted to avoid going in because I thought it was popular due to convenience but I had to see what the buzz was about. The place is very crowded with a narrow walk way. There were limited seats and a long line for ordering and picking up. I had the super burrito with carne asada. It was a delicious burrito, one of the best actually. I was even skeptical about all the rave reviews right before I bit into it, but now I'm a believer. I suggest getting your food to go, the ambiance might take away from the great overall food.
Long lines but worth the wait for two very hungry people stuck in the Mission on a very late night.So, the burritos as previously stated are HUGE, we made the mistake of ordering two separate ones, carnita and steak (I think the steak had the best flavor but some pieces were chewy) plus a basket of chips..BIG mistake as I could not even get through half of mine. Luckily, their very inexpensive and doggy bags are free!TIP: Go when RAVENOUS if you plan to eat alone or split with a buddy if you're just "sorta" hungry and get the basket of chips along with an agua fresca and you'll still leave very satisfied.FYI: Space and tables are limited so make sure someone grabs ones for you while you order.
This was a great little place to make a quick chop burrito stop. Food was delicious and the staff, friendly.My main concern was the dirty looks I perceived from clientele, but I'd rate the overall experience "pretty good" if you're alone and "much better" if you bring company.Atmosphere is a little dark, but nothing to get your skinny jeans in a bundle over. Also, be prepared to pay with cash only.
Five stars for the burritos alone. I have never eaten anything else at El Farolito and I don't need to. Give me an al pastor super burrito (no beans) and I can die a happy man, which is a distinct possibility in this neighborhood. I was in town this weekend and ended up drinking in the Mission Saturday night. I forgot what a shithole the Mission is, but it still has great dive bars and taquerias, which completely make up for the trash-strewn streets, subway stink and criminals roaming around. At least that's how I felt when I lived there. Then I saw a guy get murdered in broad daylight while I was on my way to get some food. It was the only time I have ever lost my appetite for a burrito. That was when I decided to get out of the Mission, even though I was in the middle of a three year bender and could barely string together a coherent thought on most days.Still, I miss the taquerias in the Mission. You can't find better burritos anywhere in this country, I guarantee it. And El Farolito serves up one of the best. Fresh ingredients, good salsas, tasty meats, quick service - you really can't go wrong.
I heard this was the place for the "life changing burrito". Coming from so cal, I really didn't want to buy into the hype but holy guacamole, the carne asada was freakin good. I'm ruined!
Best burrito in San Francisco. I have tried many other burritos in the city and down the peninsula but none of them come close.
Great burritos and amazing salsa! Limited on space but well worth the cram! Random live music that us enjoyable!
coming from LA, this is the BEST and pretty much the go-to place if you're ever craving a burrito. feels like home. SHUT UP. SIT DOWN. AND GIMME DAT CARNE ASADA BURRITO.
This store, of the El Farolito's bay area chain, is great. The service is a little slow, but it is totally worth the wait. Please do not let appearances scare you, as some may be prone to do. The burritos are huge. I mean HUGE. No, really, I am not talking kinda big. I am talking, get a Super burrito, and be sure not to drop it on your child, as it may end in a hospital trip. The salsa bar has a variety, and each is good. The enchiladas? Uh, HELLA good. I throw hella around lightly in conversation, but in this sense, I am using it in the "Davis student petitioned to make it a scientific term for 10^27 power" good. Like, good, 10^27 times good. Is it the single greatest taqueria I have ever been to? Not at all. If I am in the mission wanting a burrito, would I go elsewhere? I would be more likely to punch myself in the crotch.Go, eat, enjoy.
Even as a born again vegan (oh snap, I said it!), this place is legit. No matter your diet, you can enjoy consuming massive amounts of after hours calories just like the rest of your drunken, carne asada loving friends. Sure, it won't be the delicious super quesadilla or the notoriously divine burritos that weigh in somewhere around that of an infant, but with a veggie burrito on the menu devoid of any cheese, meat, or sour cream... you're in luck! Though, of course, you know you're better off saving those extra bites for the following day... but exercising good judgment is a whole other topic.
Came here for their super carne asada burrito because I'm tackling 7x7's 100 things to taste before you die list! ~$6 for a super size burrito with juicy carne asada ftw!
Everything about this place is magical. The Super Carne Asada Burrito. The people watching. The juke with Mariachi music. _________________________ My burrito contained the perfect marriage of carne asada, tomato, onion, cilantro, rice, whole beans, cheese, sour cream and avocado. Yep, that's right, they use real avocado. None of that over-processed "guac" you'll find at other taco shops. Every bite felt like it danced around my mouth to the tune of a delightful 5 piece mariachi band. (Hats and mustaches included) My burrito was as large as a small baby and thus required I resume eating in the morning. Just as the night before, without even bothering to warm my burrito, I was transferred back to that magical place where heaven meets your tongue and a classical Spanish guitar plays in the back ground. ________________________ The restaurant was crowded despite it being 2 am which I found thoroughly entertaining. Hipsters from Pops down the street mingled amongst girls heels scrunching their feet, a few tipsy and loud burrito enthusiasts, and a British guy complaining about not finding a lady for the night. "Why are there sooo many BLOKES?" Everyone was mainly patient in line; waiting for their own piece of the magic as the juke box proudly played the crowd's selections of the night. Just as any other taco shop, surfaces were littered with random beans and small spills on the easily wiped down, brightly colored surfaces. At 2am, would you really expect any different? The tipsy crowd was entertaining to watch as they decided between menu items and drunkenly tried to find a seat to dive into their late night delights. _________________________ MARIACHI JUKE BOX!!! Worth every quarter! _________________________Note: I live 20 minutes from the Mexican border and every 17.3 feet there is a taco shop in San Diego and this is still one of the best burritos I've ever had. PURE MAGIC.
Might be the best carne asada burrito I have ever eaten and I do not make that statement lightly... Massive burrito with chips and a beer for $10 - I miss you America!!!! Their chips were pretty average though I must say... Also a bit weird they do not offer guacamole and just avocado but I think it was good just the way it was.
I've been coming here for years and it still taste the same, good. I've tried almost every dish on the menu thanks to a friend who was working there. I stay away from the plates because they aren't that great, well in my opinion because I'm not that fond of the Mexican plates. So far this is the best burrito spot in the mission that I found until I discover another one or you suggest one.I would give this place 5 stars of they had guacamole, but they don't. I don't like slices of avocado in my burrito. But that's just me...
Best burrito ever! Sooooo good. Also their green salsa/hotsauce is delicious!
DELISH! thought i was SOL when i left SD in regards to good Mexican food.... this place didn't disappoint. Will 100% be coming back. the Shrimp burrito was ridiculous!
Very good torta, but I have had better; maybe the other dishes are more worthy of the super high ratings. Agua fresca was good, and the chips with the house made salsa were delicious. Wait was a little long though.
many early mornings post drinking meals have been spent at Farolito in the past. It's been a while since I've been back in but I still walk by it every once in a while. The long line out the door, folks staring to the left looking through the glass separating their drunkeness from the food prep. Nothing that an asada taco, burroti or quesadilla wont mop up
El Farolito, oh how I love you!!! Since I moved to the mission a few months ago, you have become my default burrito shop. So what if your burritos have rice in them? They are both reasonably priced and delicious, and I've never really confused a burrito for health food, anyways. Whenever I'm craving a delicious burrito, I can just make a quick trip to the yellow beacon of burritoness, and order my usual super burrito. Even though the line is long, it moves quickly, and before long, the delicious food is in hand..Even though it's breakfast time right now, I'm sort of tempted to drop by as soon as you open ;-)Just don't bother to order the chips. They definitely aren't worth the extra money, and should be free anyways (a taqueria should probably charge for water before it charges for chips).
What is better than cheap greasy cheap mex food? The same at the end of a long night of drinking...
Not as good as I expected it to be. The pictures were deceiving and I'm disappointed :(
Great place to go if you're looking to get full (for cheap). Pretty much what you'd expect of an inexpensive and quick Mexican restaurant--large portions and gooey comfort food.You stand in a line along a counter to order in what is essentially a very narrow, long, kind of divey restaurant. If that's not your scene, this probably isn't the place for you, but otherwise, definitely worth checking out.
Cheap. Yummy. Busy.(CASH ONLY)The cooks/cashier were friendly and people are in and out so you are able to find seating.Great place all around.
Burritos anyone???El Farolito has the BESTEST burritos in the whole-wide-world! Hee hee, okay, maybe that's stretching the truth a teeny bit. Or maybe not!My friend and awesome fellow foodie, Dan L., (who's review is also listed below!) first introduced my BF & I to El Farolito back in 2010. What a meal that was! And we were hooked ever since! Their super burrito really is something. I like to order it with carne asada. And If you are contemplating about ordering the super, believe me, go for it! No one will judge you! It's SO cheap too. You will not be disappointed. Only discretion: don't come with an attitude of being "on a diet" or "watching your waist line". Won't happen here! If you're searching for an awesome sober-me-up meal following a long night of clubbing and/or drinking and don't mind driving down to the Mission, this is THE place to go! I promise you will go home happy and satisfied!
Me and my girlfriend had the super burrito and the Tostada de Ceviche there and it was awesome! Compared to bigger chains like chipotle, this hole in the wall establishment is by far better. Definitely would make this a must-visit location when I go back to San Francisco in the future.
My quesadilla wasnt anything special and the carne asade had a weird taste to it. Ate half and threw out the rest - btw im a fatty and never throw out food so that ought to tell u how bad it was. I was sober so maybe its better when drunk...prolly wont be coming back. Kinda filthy in there too but thats expected for a hole in the wall like this. Had a line out the door but moved super quick.
I can't believe I haven't "yelped" my SPOT!This is my go to spot whenever I am in need of a burrito or quesadilla suiza. The prices are so affordable for the amount of food you get. A super burrito is less than $7 and I can save the other 2/3 of it for dinner. Their salsa verde at the salsa bar is THE BEST... You will see the regulars stacking up at least 5 mini cups to go with this stuff. It's really really goodAnother great thing on their menu is the quesadilla para dos which is basically a super quesadilla with choice of meat, cheese, salsa, guac and sour cream( which I always ask for those on the side). Now the great thing about this is the price... Less than $10 and it's enough quesadilla to feed about 4 people...I always buy this one for the teenage boys in my life... It's feeds all three of them. Love this item! Love this place..The night crew is the best! They know my order... They even know my order more than I do!The day crew... Ehhhh... But if you're there after 7-800pm... You got the crew that knows wsupCheck this place out... It's a must in SFOh, and they're open til 3:00am!!!!
I LOVE THIS SPOT !! I searched for good taquerias in San Fran and this place was forst so it was a no-brainer to try it out. HUGE success. I have been here twice and i always get the asada super burrito. Never lets me down. Well worth the wait in line !!!!!!
Terrific burrito, they're practically the size of your forearm. This place gets slammed during lunch.
Dear Quesadilla Super Suiza, It's me Megan. I broke my vegetables-only streak for you, and you were worth every moment. You are like a delicious Philly cheesesteak - a cheesesteak going to a fiesta party. You heard the weather would be iffy and you weren't sure to bring, so you sliced up a perfectly ripe avocado half and dressed in a raincoat of cheesy tortilla. Then you got there.. and the second you arrived it started raining salsa. And no one even cared. And it was green and red and green, and kindof glorious, and only a little bit spicy. And in fact you all kind of loved it once it started happening, and you never wanted to forget it, so now you're all just standing outside loving it and wishing it was forever.Go here, get the quesadilla, thank me infinity.Love,Megan
BART ride worth it!Had I met the cockroach before I started eating, I might have eaten somewhere else. Since I was already eating the food, I was keenly aware that I was in the midst of one of the most discerning roaches on the planet. I that light my response to the roach was simply Bitch get your own! The food here is so good, if you're a republican who sings the mantra of better boarder control, this place will make you want to open the boarders. Seriously there are people down there who cook like this and want to come here, they just can't get over the fence.If you're snooty (you know who you are), I recommend getting your food to go. The atmosphere won't suit you but the food will be enjoyable nonetheless. El Farolito instructions:Eat half a doughnut for breakfast. Your stomach will ache, yes, but you're gonna need the room later.Jump on any DC or SFO bound train from the city at around 11:15AMPop off at 24th and Mission ride the escalator up look for the orange taqueria signOrder the Super Quesadilla and when the man hands you a stack of napkins keep'mFor dine in, they do have aqua fresca (if that means fresh water) and it's safe to drinkSit down with pocket full of change (this food is affordable) Wait for the tall white guy (who is actually Mexican I think) to bring you your 10lb lunchCover it in salsa, hauling little cups around like Bob the Builder is a waste of timeBring a knife, you might end up eating the wax paper too, but so what it tastes great tooEat the whole thing (skinny bitches might want to bring a friend as backup)Enjoy, leave the tall white Mexican a tip and waddle back down to the BARTWow!
Eamon B an well known London expert on Burritos rates El Farolito as having the best Burritos in San Francisco. I'm not really a fan of Mexican food which is hardly surprising given that Yelp London is full of American expatriates moaning about its poor quality in the UK. The Burritos here are the best I've had although the competition levels are low. My only dislikes are that the eating area El Farolito seems a little dirty. I will happily drink in dive bars but when it comes to eating I prefer a little more hygiene.
Yeah, damn good Mexican food. I don't usually eat Mexican food, but I make an exception for this place. Their super nachos are really good. This place opens late, it's a perfect go to place for a late night snack. The only bad thing about this place is that they don't accept cards.
Despite the janky neighborhood this place was in, El Farolito is a must come to restaurant if you're a fan of Mexican food. Didn't think a burrito could possibly be that good, but now I know why this place had over 1600 reviews. My boyfriend and I got the super burrito with pork and the super quesadilla with carne asada. No extra charge for guacamole? WIN! They gave us so much meat and overall portion size of the orders are relatively large. Hands down best burrito and quesadilla I've had in the city.
Yes, the burritos are good. But you can get good burritos anywhere in the mission. The tortas on the other hand... the tortas here are magical. I swear the chorizo is made from unicorn meat.
They have a security outside but he's worth nada! They're better off without one! He looks drunk and high as f***. The food is alright it's good! Some workers are nice, some are worth Shizzle! Some are nice but some are so rude and it's not the cleanest spot but it's alright! I like the food! They need to open longer hours like they used to!
Alright, if you look up mission-style burrito in the dictionary, El Farolito's picture shows up first. This is the OG. This is it, right here. It practically defines an entire genre of food, of restaurant and of experience. It's a Mexican food Mecca in the Mission, and the line is always out the door. And it's even open late. Obviously, the food is excellent. Obviously, it's cheap as dirt and the portions are huge. My feast of the evening included the large nachos, with carne asada weighing in at a whopping $5 for about 3 lbs of amazing food. This isn't food-challenge size yet, but is close. What can I say that can't be better described by checking out the maaaany photos uploaded on Yelp? Nothing. It's amazing, delicious, and quite possibly the best.My one gripe I have about this place is the bathroom situation. There's no key, but the door is always locked and there's no sign to indicate what's going on in there. Basically you have go up to the counter, interrupt them and get them to push a button that unlocks the door from there. But this isn't obvious, and nobody seems to know it.  We waited at the bathroom for ten minutes before finally going up to the counter, and weren't the only ones. Put up a freaking sign already!!! It's so simple.
As if the other 1,900+ reviews weren't enough...Best.Burrito.Ever. Oh, and the taco al pastor, the best I've ever had. Everything about the burrito is awesome. HUGE chunks of avocado, delicious beans, creamy sour cream, tender rice...the list goes on. The only "bad" part of the burrito were the first couple of bites where it was mostly tortilla. The best bites were the ones at the end with all the juices from the all the condiments mixed together. The place is a total hole-in-the-wall, but that is what makes it great. If i lived in SF I would totally try lots of the other dishes here as well as all of the meats...I'm sure the lengua is incredible too.
I died n went to burrito heaven. Massive super burrito is enough for 2. You can't go wrong with the chile relleno burrito. It's reminds of my moms cooking.
El Farolito servers burritos as big as a baby and almost as delicious.**I have never actually eaten a baby or even any baby animals so there is no way this statement is true. However, these burritos are awesomely good and you should try one soon to see for yourself.
I am from Southern California. Hands down my favorite place to go whenever I'm in Norcal. The first time I ever tried it, it was so good I went the next day for another. The Carne asada super burrito every bite is perfect. You get a bit of everything. This is the best burrito I've ever had. I don't think there is another place that can compete. Norcal or Socal. I haven't tried San Diego yet though.
I love El Farolito! My only problem with it-- I can't remember why I like this place! Damn drunken nights!Just kidding. Even in my intoxicated, inebriated state, I still know that these carne asada quesadillas are the best darn carne asada quesadillas I've ever had. My taste buds may have been skewed, but my tongue thought I was eating rib eye and cheese wedged between two crispy pieces of tortilla. If anything even merely tastes like rib eye, I am instantly won over.El Farlolito is an experience that must be had when drunk in the Mission.
A lot is said on Yelp about the size and quality of the burritos here, but when it comes down to it... even Chipotle's burritos are bigger than this and taste fresher. Our hero wasn't overly impressed with their super suiza quesadilla, but it sure was edible. Coming from SoCal, our hero would define this Mexican joint as fairly run of the mill (and even a dollar or two overpriced), but it does the trick for a hit of the carne asada.Mucho overrated.PROS:- It's right next to the 24th Street BART station.- Table service!CONS:- Not the cleanest restaurant around.- The food is pretty greasy, even for Mexican food.
This is the perfect restaurant, in my opinion. Totally democratic (every class, race, drug habit accepted). Quick, high quality and very cheap super burritos. Carne Asada for $6? Yes!
3.5 starsThe cab driver told us that this was the place to be after the clubs and I am always down for Mexican late night cuisine. A nice lady in the line (out the door) recommended getting the nachos. Nachos were quite tasty in that present state of mind! Wish I had gotten carne asada but got pollo instead because I had to share with a friend who didn't eat red meat. Note to self: never share again! Also tried a burrito but the burrito just didn't do it for me. The green salsa sauce was the best though.
If I ever I get enough money to spend it in ridiculous ways, one of those ways is to get their super suiza quesdaillas airlifted to me wherever I am in the world. Sweet Jesus they're that good.
Good, cheap Mexican food. Great drunk spot. It tastes like what Mexican food tastes like in Mexico, so that's always a plus. Can get pretty packed at random drunk hours but line moves pretty quick. Has a 'hole-in-the-wall' feel even though it's not hole in the wall. yummmmm
I die every time I come here. I'm glad it's sort of a trek to get here because I would definitely become overweight. And fast.Super quesadilla never disappoints. The taste and texture of the carne asada is to die for. Best mexican food in the bay. I've also gotten the burrito but favor the quesadilla. If you're into pork, try getting half carne asada half al pastor.Great late night spot and BART accessible.
Best burrito in SF? It just might be. The meat in both the pollo and carne asada burritos tasted better than any other mission style burrito joints, and I'm a HUGE fan of El Toro. Bonus is the fresh squeezed carrot-orange juice that doesn't appear to be on the menu.
Great place, food extremely good and delicious!!!!I had burrito and it was great and full of really good meat!!Highly recommended!
What is it with these endless incredible Mexican joints in the Mission? No skip that, what's with these awesome Mexican places ON Mission?! I actually tried El Farolito first because the bf had come to the city once and saw that there was an enormous line coming out of this place. So of course he did what I usually do ... Yelp it! Upon the discovery that it had a ridiculous amount of reviews he insisted we go here after a long drive to the city one weekend.We were lucky and actually didn't really have to wait in line and the line wasn't even out the door. The restaurant looks like a hole in the wall but it's a little roomier than it looks inside. It smells INCREDIBLE when you walk in because you're just overwhelmed with the flavors of marinated meats. MMMM. (Clearly there will not be a review on a vegetarian burrito for me here haha...)Two burrito orders and some Mexican cokes later (and these were cheap!), we were eagerly awaiting our burritos. They were smaller than what I think an American portion should be, but it was perfect for me. There was just the right amount of meat in my burrito to balance out the delicious flavors and the house salsa was pretty good too. A place with good house salsa is always a big plus in my book. I did try a taco here too, but I fail to remember what it was so maybe it wasn't that memorable. The meat was juicy, tender, well marinated, well cooked, good quality (i.e. no chewy strings or chunks) and they stuff the burritos with it. I like. You should too!FYI - Parking here sucks. Period. There's no way around it.
I was a bit queasy as I ordered my burrito from the counter. This place as promised is beyond sketchy. I expected a large rodent to scurry across the floor and send me running out the door. The burrito was large, cheap and amazing!! I soon forgot the sticky surroundings as I dug into my delicious bit of food. The al pastor had a few chunks of gristle and fat and didn't seem to be the highest quality meat, but I would definitely agree that this is one damn good burrito. If you're not drunk I would highly recommend taking your delicious burrito to go...
definitely get the horchata or a freshly squeezed juice while you're hereas for their burritos.. they are quite massive and can easily be 2 meals for most people.. it's packed well and there's plenty of meat... although i think they use a bit too much filler
Carne Asada Super Burrito fills my tummy during the late night cravings. So sad that chips are $1.50 when I normally get some thrown in on the side with my burrito. I only eat half the burrito and get filled up right away.The seats are bench style and the restaurant itself is long and skinny that ends with a bathroom (a bit weird).Parking wasn't hard as I usually go at night. I'm sure it can get hectic during the day.The line wasn't that bad when I got there but as we left, it was out the door.
G took me here on our first SF date; he is born and raised in the Mission. I won't lie, I was horrified. This is not what you think of when you think about your first date in the city. However, much to my surprise, it was awesome. So great, that I live in Sac and often crave their carne asada super burrito. The burritos are huge! It's easily two meals for me. Also, they have the best tomatilla sauce I have ever tried.
This place is pretty good. I got a burrito. Is it better than the best places in the Northeast US? No....and it didn't even come close to living up to the hype. It's unfortunate that we can't talk about burritos without comparing them to a place all the way across the country, but that's the way it is. Worth going to? Sure, but it's not going to blow your mind.
Had the SUPER BURRITO CARNE ASADA! Tortilla was soft like silk! Inside it had rice, beans, salsa, sour cream, cheese, avocado, and carne asada. Fillings inside made it like a wet burrito (not like enchilada style) so the ingredients were mixed together rather than compact and separate. 50 cent chips were thick, with a solid crunch; perfect to scoop up any filling that dropped out of the burrito!Restaurant itself is tight and the bathroom in the back was sketch, but it's all good! Will definitely come back to see what else is good on the menu!
Holy, Al Pastor epicness. I don't know how long that pork has been marinating but the flavor is out-of-this-world. Great taco.
The best burrito in the US or at least in San Francisco I could eat there every night if I had to this place is my favorite taqueria hands down!!!
Long wait, fantastically average burrito. Chicken very dry, limited guac and cheese. Mostly a dry chicken and bean burrito. No parking.
Another must have burrito located deep in the mission, and perfectly situated across from BART.Don't even think about getting back on that BART train until you walk across the street and get some!If you're drinking in the mission, and you are looking to straighten up--- get yourself some Quesadilla Suiza, and go home!!!
The Costco chips thru me....
Best. Burrito. Ever. It's crowded and chaotic but it's soooo worth it. I have to admit, I've come way out of my way to get a burrito from here because if you're REALLY craving a burrito, this is the only place that satisfies.I usually get carne asada, but the chicken is delicious too. Everything here is as authentic as it gets. I could go on and on about the heavenly experience of eating a burrito from here but I'll just keep it simple and say OM NOM NOM. Eat here.
I was nervous when we walked in and I noticed the 68 health food score and overflowing trash but my stomach pressed on. I ordered the super veg burrito and some chips to share; never deny the SUPER option. This burrito was huge, I know they all say that, but El Farolito was packin'. The burrito was really good despite the bean-to-rice ratio, damn them for making the rice really flavorful however filling. El Farolito is one of those fresh avocado joints, they seem to pop up the closer you get to 24th St. I love me some avocado but damn a few bites were mushy. Their green salsa was amazing, they should have it 'el Buen Sabor' style in squirt bottles for ultimate dousing. One of my top 5 burritos, shame it's further away from my normal hunting grounds.ALSO- excellent super veg quesadilla, better than the burrito! HUGE!
It's kinda weird. I had 3 different friends, whom on 3 different occasions, told me to go to El Farolito in the Mission. Well, there are 3 El Farolito's in the area. So what did I do? I picked the El Farolito with 700+ reviews.Late rainy Sunday afternoon, full house. Luckily, no wait for tables. The food, on the other hand, took a while to come out. I'm a burrito girl. So naturally, I ordered a burrito. Super burrito to be exact. For $5.45, it comes with meat, rice, beans, sour cream, guacamole & salsa. That thing is so big I ate it for 2 meals. Minus one star though. No offense to all you onions&cilantro lovers out there, but these are the 2 things I despise the most. Not only did they fail to mention this on the menu, but they added a whole motherload of it into my burrito. I was happily enjoying my burrito until I ate a chunk full of this stuff. Bleeehhhhhh! What if I'm allergic?!?!! I could've diiieeed!!!Besides that, my burrito was really good. Chicken was moist. Chunks of avocados. Juicy delicious goodness.
Had the chili relleno super veggie burrito. It was ok. I have had much better. I was so excited after the yelp reviews. Must be great, but I thought the veggie stuff was ok. We had cheese enchiladas as well, which were good, not excellent.
Solid for cheap, tasty, hefty, late night burritos.
Couldn't try the suiza quesadillas because I didn't have lactaid pills for it (weeping).But the carne asada super burrito was so delicious. But it was so big I had to cut it in half and save the rest for the next day's lunch.I ate it for breakfast.I love cilantro, but I'd suggest asking for it to be taken out if you hate it. The taste is definitely very noticeable. Avocados spilling out of every bite. That plus the salsa bar makes this a truly magical place.
I love it! Shrimp super burrito is the bomb! So good! I can eat it every day, seriously! Every time I'm in town, I always go there and they open late, which is great! You can see them making the food right In front of you. Always fast and always delicious!
Would love to give this place 4 stars, but they lost me because their great meat fillings for their tacos are served on non homemade tortillas. Homemade tortillas would make this place more unique. I had the crispy tacos- lengua, carne asada, and carnitas. All three meats were tasty and moist. Top each with their salsas...Yum...but was disappointed with the store bought shells. My brother in law had the same exact filling, but soft shell (with real tortillas). I think there are better tacos to be found else where.
A friend recommended this place for lunch. the burrito was really good!you can also get mexican cola, which i thaught was pretty neat!service was quick and to the point. there is generally a line, so be prepared to wait.I'd go here again just for the food.
I came here the last two times I visited the Bay Area. I wish I knew about this spot a long time ago, because I would make it one of my must visits every time. My boyfriend was ecstatic to eat here because he's a burrito connoisseur. He got a chorizo and carne asada burrito. I got a suiza, which was a quesadilla. It was huge. I could barely finish it. Everything was so good. The sauces were so flavorful and creamy. The veggies added that freshness to balance out the meat. I liked the salsa bar there, the green salsa was my favorite.
On the recommendation of a friend I tried the Crunchy Taco al pastor and I was not disappointed. Every second of eating that taco was divine. I'm knocking off one star because I had to be buzzed into the bathroom which was awkward, but I did pay $9.70 for 4 tacos and some free chips so I feel a little bad.
I'm not really one to follow hype, but I somehow ended up stumbling into this place at 1 or so in the morning with my roommate after him mentioning a barrage of magic words including "best burrito in the city", "7x7 magazine", and "i'll pay for it if you go with me."Enticed by his alluring words, I walked my hiney down from Bruno's where we'd been drinking with a few friends earlier that night and giddily stood in line waiting to be enlightened with what could be the burrito I've been looking for all my life, until after about 1 minute of standing in line we saw the "cash only" sign. Oh well, I guess we could stop by the Walgreens across the street.Five minutes later, we were back in line and my roommate started raving about the Suizas and the steak here. Although I did feel it might be a good idea to follow solid recommendations (after all, the five people in front of me all got carne asada Suizas) but then I remembered we're going for the grand prize here: if this place has the best burritos in town, I might as well order my favorite cut of meat which countless taquerias have let me down with so far: lengua.After about 5 minutes of ordering/paying, the server brought me my super burrito lengua and after seeing that the burrito wasn't emitting some sort of halo or holy light, I starting becoming a little skeptical as to whether this burrito would fulfill all my wild culinary dreams. And like it happens with all undeserved published hypes, El Farolito definitely was not the holy grail to my quest for the perfect lengua burrito.El Farolito's attempt at the lengua burrito was actually very admirable. The lengua was neither undercooked or overboiled and the texture with every bite was as if pulled pork and carne asada had a baby. But, here comes the catch: even with guacamole, sour cream in the fray (with the super burrito) my lengua burrito was EXTREMELY BLAND. It was so bland that I ended up hauling my ass back to the salsa bar back and forth to grab more salsa to pour over my burrito with every bite, kind of like a 12 yo white kid who goes to Chipotle and thinks Chipotle has the best burrito ever.Although El Farolito did not end up being the little lighthouse that guided me out of the looming darkness that is not being able to find an awesome lengua burrito in the city, it did admirably well. I will most likely visit this place again next time I'm sober enough to walk 4 blocks down mission street with seven dollars in my pocket.
i love this place its sooooooo goooodd
I ordered the regular burrito with al pastor meat. the burrito was a hefty size for how much it costs (way more dense than other burritos i've had) in terms of portions this place is great if you're really hungry and looking for some food to eat.in my opinion, the meat was a little on the salty side, which was fine at first but when you are trying to finish the burrito it gets to the point of unenjoyable to eat anymore. the burritos are great but it still tastes similar to other taqueria's i've been to
If you've never lived in socal then please pretend my rating is a 5 star, if you've lived in socal particularly in san diego this place is a 3.5-4 star. With my search to find the best mexican food in norcal and with a bunch of drunk friends we found this place on yelp and decided to give it a go! When we got here parking wasn't hard to find (but then again it was like 2am), but the line was out the door! There's a person who comes to take your order while you wait in line which works out pretty well and prices are pretty cheap as well! I got the super burrito which was VERY GOOD, comes with beans, salsa, steak or chicken, sour cream and onions. I definitely inhaled that shit down in a few minutes. My group of friends all loved the place and said they would give it 5 stars no question, I guess I'm just the most critical one or maybe because i was the DD and the only one that was completely sober?
I have to say that this is my go to spot for Mexican food in SF. Once I took a bite into their Super Quesadilla Suiza I never looked back. I usually get it with carne asada but sometimes I get a little crazy and mix pollo asado with the carne asada. I prefer the quesadilla suiza over their burritos because it gets straight to the point. No beans or rice just cheese, meat, sour cream, and avocado. Don't get me wrong, I've tried their burritos and they're good but the Super Quesadilla Suiza is my fave. This location in particular is wonderful because it's open late night. So it's great if you're getting out of the club or bar and in need of some good eats. But be prepared to wait in line.
I went here after going to the Clean Bandit concert. So they do open late, until 3 AM I believe. I also didn't eat all day so I was starving! So as I was going here with my friends, they said that good parking would be difficult to find. Challenge accepted. As I was driving I parked literally across the street from the restaurant and went in. I parked at a meter, but at that time (12-1AMish) it was free. Walking in, you can see all the meat and everything being slice and diced by the wonderful chefs. I ordered the super burrito with carnitas and it was around 7-8 bucks? Finding a table at that time wasn't too challenging, but it was still packed! People came from clubs and other events as well. We didn't wait that long, and the chef brought the food to us. When we got our burritos, I realized that this burrito was HUGE! They gave me soooo much food! It was filling and I was satisfied with it. I just wish the carnitas had more flavor to it. I tried my friend's horchata, and man, it tasted like powdered horchata. Not good at all. I wouldn't recommend getting the horchata here. All in all, it's good if you're hungry and it's late at night this could be a good spot for you!
Most reviewers seem to say that this is the best thing to eat at 2am to help sober you up, but when I went with a sober palate at 1pm in the afternoon, it really wasn't the best. I had a Carnitas Super Burrito, which was alright...the pork was very tender and fairly flavorful, but the rice and beans were pretty bland. The sour cream and cheese helped to make it a tastier meal, but honestly, I didn't even bother finishing the rest of burrito since the pork and cheese were the best parts of it.I had a 50%-off Scoutmob coupon that was good through 1/27/2011 (I was here on 1/22/2011) and they said they were only honoring them during the first week the coupon was available. Regardless of what happens behind the scenes of a restaurant (El Farolito had made a mistake or Scoutmob had made a mistake), they should have honored that coupon. I kind of made this a destination to go to and it ended up being a waste of time.I would have given this spot 3 stars for the food, but with the poor customer service, I'll knock off 1 star and I doubt I'll be going back...I'll continue to enjoy my Burrito Mojado from Taqueria Cancun!
Great tacos. Great spot for cheap good Mexican food. Came here after some people in my party were still hungry after foreign cinema! Definitely a "if it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face," type of place.
I learned something new during my latest trip to San Francisco. And that is I love tongue, especially when in it's in my mouth. You silly Yelpers, get your minds out of the gutters! I'm talking about Lengua, beef tongue. With over 1400 reviews and a four and a half star overall rating, there is not much to say that has not already been said El Farolito. Here are a few things you need to know: 1. Bring cash because they do not accept plastic. 2. Be prepared to wait in a line. 3. The inside is super tiny so you may have to wait to snag a table. When I visited El Farolito I was really, really hungry. The line when I got there was about 15 people deep, which the cashier told me was "not that bad". After waiting about 10 minutes I made it to the register and placed my order. This is what I purchased: Carne Asada Super Burrito - Huge flour tortilla packed with carne asada, refried beans (they have 3 types of beans to choose from), cheese, rice, sour cream and sliced avocado. Beef Tongue Taco (Lengua) - A crunchy shell filled with lots of Lengua meat, cheese, lettuce, avocado, and sour cream. The super burrito was huge. It alone could easily have satisfied my hunger. There was tons of carne asada in this bad boy. It may not have been the best asada I have ever had but it was still super juicy and flavorful. Both the rice and beans were excellent as well, although I thought they put a little too much rice in their burritos. The Lengua taco was phenomenal. This was my first experience with beef tongue and I thought it was amazingly delicious. The meat was soft, flavorful and really tender. I'm not sure what types of spices they use when cooking the Lengua but it was seasoned perfectly. To wash down my food I got a large Horchata, which is always great. The prices here were good as well. For my two items and my large drink it only set me back $11 bucks. Since El Farolito is open till 4am on the weekends, this place is, in my opinion, the best joint in SF to satisfy the midnight munchies. This place is a must try.
Oh El Farolito, how I love your burritos in the late evenings! This time though I'm here for a breakfast burrito and it's not 2am. So the breakfast burrito here is massive (as you might expect). It's not greasy at all and comes with avocado by default at a great price too. Well balanced eggs, meat, cheese and beans means this is a solid choice whether it's just to satiate an appetite, or to prevent a hangover, or, most commonly, to treat one.Definitely one of my faves and it's one of the few of my top breakfast burritos that you can walk around and eat (aka not needing to use a knife and fork).
If you need a filling meal for a good price. Come. With the occasional long line, food is prepared in front of you, with incredible speed. Soon after ordering, you will sit down with a feast. Maybe you'll get the burrito today? No, the super burrito, you're feeling like bringing some home with you. Just do it. And enjoy. (Don't forget to grab some salsa and extra lines!)
Yes, we've all heard the praises of El Farolito over and over but I'm still scratching my head on what exactly everyone sees (that I don't) that makes their burritos the gold standard. But one things for sure according to these reviews: if you're starving and in dire need of a late night snack or you've had a crazy debaucherous night out in the mission and need something to soak up all that alcohol, El Farolito might be a fantastic option. (And who are these South Bay reviewers comparing this with La Vic's which tastes nothing of the sort?)My burrito, although not terrible was frankly just average at best. I kept taking bites hoping to see fireworks justifying the repeated reviews but a quarter way down, I realize it was not happening. I ended up taking the final bites feeling somewhat let down because it tasted exactly like everywhere else. But perhaps my mistake was going in sober and it was far from being late night as I arrived somewhere in the neighborhood of 7:30 pm.
PERFECTION IS A MUSTAfter a night of scavenger hunting, in the haight, drinking througout the day. All I could think of was a carne asada burrito from El Farolito. There was plenty of places I could have eaten at. But nothing was gonna cure my hunger and drinking pains, until I sunk my teeth into that burrito. UMMMMM. I'm cured now...ALL GOOD
Sourdough bread. Dungeness Crab. Cioppino. Also in this list of things that are truly San Francisco is a Burrito. A staple, low budget favorite since forever in my life. Through the years I will go through phases where I'll go to try different taquerias. But no other taquerias are as consistent as El Farolito. And really no matter which El Farolito I go to, they are all good. But this particular one in the heart of the Mission, holds it down.Restaurants come and go. Fads will change. Generation after generation of San Franciscans will grow and move. Possibly neighborhoods eventually change (for example: Valencia st.). But El Farlito will be here forever. Because they make one of the best burritos and are part of the reason San Francisco is the gastronomic Mecca it is today.
I have been going to this taqueria since the early 90's. I grew up eating here and am still eating here at 24 years of age. This is by far THE BEST taqueria in the whole Bay Area. I try to come to this taqueria every time I am craving a burrito, I have even driven from an hour away to eat here! This taqueria is not fancy, it doesn't have wi-fi, it doesn't accept credit cards, the bathroom has graffiti on the walls, it doesn't have a private lot for parking, they don't deliver, there is no outdoor seating, it is usually jam packed and can be hard to find seating inside but DAMN THIS IS THE #1 TAQUERIA ON MY LIST OF TAQUERIAS!! This establishment always brings me back to my roots and reminds me that great food isn't always in a fancy, expensive place with all the extras; there is still amazing food without the extras in the Mission district! I for sure will continue coming to this taqueria as long as I am still in the Bay Area!
Dang, cash only & long wait? DO IT. it's worth it. my friend took us here since we were visiting from new york & el farolito definitely can be placed in my "must-go" list. place looks super ghetto BUT the food .......carnitas burrito...quesadillas...nachos+guac = bountiful! what else? Get their soda too (i believe it was postabon soda - flavored in pineapple,orange..etc) b/c it complements all the amazing tacos. soda is very carbonated and it is very probable that you'll BELCH loudly and proudly! woo!
omgahhhh one of the best burritos I've tried by far. carne asada burrito and super quesadilla are a must order. Like most places in the Mission, cheap, fast, and delicious! The wait is pretty crazy, esecially because the line/waiting area is so cramped, but it's nothing irregular/uncommon from other places like this. AND superrrr good for the drunchies!!
There's no other place to go at 1 a.m. when you need mega-food. Burritos are okay, but tortas are the ****.
Dear Mission, I'm super jealous of all the great Mexican restaurants that you have! I never thought I would like any place better than Papalote however this might be my favourite place in the mission. I came in and ordered a beer, a carne asada super burrito and super nachos. The burrito was absolutely fantastic! I haven't had a chance to try any of the other burritos but I'm looking forward to it. The nachos were really good and the beer I tried was ok. The place had a large lineup but it moved pretty quickly. I'll see you soon El Farolito!
A little long wait but the tacos were awesome!!!
A big thanks to Portland CM, Don B, for introducing me to El Farolito! Methinks he was a bit nervous to take two small(ish) town girls into the Mission to eat burritos. Little do you know, Don, that I live in one of the scariest 'hoods in STL with all kinds of seedy Mexican joints. I felt right at home here :)I had a giant burrito, which of course I couldn't finish the entire thing, which wasn't a problem since a toothless gal sitting next to us offered to take it off my hands. Happy to oblige, ma'am. Why should good food go to waste?This is not the type of dining establishment where one sits and lingers, so our lunch was a "wam bam thank you ma'am" experience - which suited me just fine! It actually took longer to catch a cab back to the office than it did to order and eat. Would definitely go back without any fear of the seedy locals - I'll go the extra mile for good, greasy burritos!
I rolled to El Farolito after hanging out at Dirty Thieves . The Mission was alive with revelers celebrating the Giants winning the pennant. I wandered into El Farolito and was not disappointed . I ordered a Carne Asada Super Burrito and a Beverage and chilled out and did some people watching. I just love the Mission, most of the residents are characters from Hipsters, Gangsters, Street Folks to Working Class folks the Mission has it all. My Burrito arrives 10 minutes later and it was a Monster. It was jam packed with Carne Asada and it was very tasty. It was so big I took half of it home for a Midnight Snackie Snack. I wish I had an El Farolito in the Eastbay.
Oh, forget the super-burritos. Where El Farolito really shines is their steak torta (a Mexican sandwich). Most taquerias will make your steak torta using watery chopped steam-table steak, but El Farolito grills the steak fresh and leaves it in a satisfying whole piece. I'm a torta enthusiast and El Farolito's is the best. Yes, the place seems pretty run-down and maybe a little dirty. But hey, it's a taqueria on 24th and Mission. What do you expect, linen table-cloths?
Mmmmmm. El Farolito are the best for place to eat Burritos and plus, it was low cost for something that is tasty and a nice size. Someone overnite one to Texas for me!!!!
Only my favorite burrito EVER.You need to get the carne asada super burrito - it is magic. I've also seen people order the carne asada plate and carne asade quesadilla. Both of those look great but I never get a chance to try them because I can't say no to that burrito!If dirty restaurants are not your thing, I recommend you don't go here since it's definitely on the dirty side but everyone knows that the dirty places are the best places!
Best. Burrito. Ever.My friend hosts Wednesday Jazz jam sessions at Amnesia in the Mission and after I've had my fill of Miles Davis and Cole Porter, I always head down to what I consider the best Mexican food in the city, maybe the world! It is that good. There is always a line out the door and after you eat there, you will know why. It's a little grimy and at times I feel like I might get shot waiting in line, but the food is worth a bullet to the gut, maybe not the head, but definitely worth a flesh wound.
AMAZING tacos, quesadillas and burritos - and for super cheap. The line gets crazy unless you're there in the middle of the day. Free chips and the portions are really generous.
Curtis C. pushed me to order the super burrito with shrimp, avocado, and sour cream. Good call and very tasty. AND substantial. However, next time we go I think I'm tackling the super suiza (quesadilla) because as much as I liked the burrito, I would have preferred less (or no) rice. Not because the rice was bad, but because I like quesadillas and not having the extra rice to distract me would be ideal.Also, Curtis' lengua taco looked VERY good. So that's on my radar. I really wanted the flan, but they were out. Next time!
All I can say is WOW!!! I got the super burrito with asada and shrimp.....OMW..BOMB! I of course wasn't even close to finishing it but man oh man. Must try if you like mexican food.
Carne Asada. Best mexican restaurant I've ever been to. You'll never want to get a Chipotle burrito again after trying this place. Massive portions at an absolutely dirt cheap price. Can I has more?
I had the breakfast burrito and frankly that was the best freaking burrito that i have ever eaten in my life. Its now my go to spot everytime i am in the mission.
I miss this place, being out of the city now. I used to live about a block away from this place and frequent it often. Their suiza is awesome and was I almost always ordered.
Best Mexican and just plain fulfilling food I've ever eaten in my life.
Super cheap, super delicious. Never had a better mexican food experience. Torta mexicana with carnitas, MHH. They put lots more avocado than anywhere else, pork seasoned to greatness. Bread is crunchy and soft inside, perfect.Super burrito with steak, omg. Heaven. Lines go fast, orders come out fast.Honestly worst part was the horchata. just. Gross. Grainy, too much cinnamon and ice. Honeydew aqua fresca was the BOMBDIGGITYYYY. they also gave me a free refill when i asked for some more for my little cousin, cus i drank all of mine already! :) GET THEIR HOMEJUICED FRUIT JUICES. Free chips with order, 50 cent refills. Great sause bar, free water.Crowded, but with a good crowd :)
It's almost 4am and you've suddenly developed the late night munchies after shenanigans in the Mission. Where do you go?I wasn't in the mood to eat my fourth meal of the day. There was a continuous line cutting off just out the door and the entering space is tight. I was happy when i was able to squeeze through the crowd and hold a table. My friends came back with a Super Quesadilla Suiza that was incredible. I love cheese quesadillas and the additional sour cream, avocado, and carne asada was 5 star worthy good.Downside - I felt extremely nervous about parking my car across the street at 2am in this part of town.
Mission street is just full of hole in the walls and I think this is one of those places. The prices are so fair in comparison to all hyped up Mexican restaurants (about $6 for normal at 7/8 for "super"). I got the steak quesadilla and let me just tell you -- every bite had bits of carne asada. That's just amazing. I love that they don't cheap out on meat and they add a plentiful about of ingredients. Comes out fresh and hot and they even gave me chips. I definitely would come back here! Oh, the place is kind of small so I think the biggest group you'd come in with is 4-6 maybe? And the guys working are nice too!!
There's really not much that I can say about El Farolito that already hasn't been said...so here are my highlights. Special thanks goes out to Don B for taking Abby S and I there during our lunch break...The look: The place is a hole in the wall. And I like it. The feel: You know that if a hole in the wall can garner crowds as giant as their burritos, you're in good company. Major note, I wouldn't recommend trying to use the bathroom here. It looks scary as hell. Very meat locker-esque. Let's just say I held it until our next stop. The food: Freakin' delicious & enormous. These burritos are as big as your head and supa fresh. Per Don's guidance, I went with the carne asada and I was really happy I did. Delicioso on all accounts. Plus, you can score a glass bottle of Coca-Cola with real sugar. That is vital. Thanks for the tasty lunch, El Farolito!
Super burrito is divine! My preference is steak with pinto. It's perfection on so many levels!
i just left the club...and I'm a little drunk...and all I want is EL FAROLITOS!!! I love this place. So dependable. :)UPDATE: I recently ate here for the first time while sober...thought I'd try something new so I ordered a chicken burrito. The chicken was dry and tasteless and it ruined the rest of the burrito for me! Go with the bbq chicken instead...or stick with the suizas!! (Sorry El Farolito, but I have to take a star away for this)
The best Mexican food I've EVER HAD. While on vacation here, my native SF born co-worker recommended me this spot. She said, "Whenever I go back to visit, I always go there." She described it as greasy mexican food. Greasy? Mexican? I was already sold. Anything that is bad for you is usually delicious so off I went!Walking here, my bf and I went through some pretty sketch looking neighborhood but it was worth it because this was the best chicken quesadilla I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. The meat was soft and tender, and the juices of it were just dripping deliciously into the foil as I happily ate.It's cheap, it's kinda dingy, it's definitely sketchy but the food is worth it. I would come back here!
3.5* Not the best Mexican food ever..but it suffices. I'll just say, I wouldn't make a trip to SF just to eat here. But if I was in the city and wanted Mexican food, I'd go right away.*Prices: fair (super burrito 5.75, quesadilla suiza 5.75, taco 1.95, chips $0.50, etc.) BUT we got our orders to go and had chips in it!*Appeal of the place: eh..let's not go there..continuing on..*The good/decent:-quesadilla suiza- i had mine w/carne asada. thoroughly melted cheese, plenty of meat, some avocado and sour cream; pretty large for a midnight snack i might add! Kind of sad there was barely salsa in it..I added my own.*Should skip:-regular quesadilla that comes with cheese and meat- cheaper yes, and flatter..with a smaller tortilla, pieces cut in wedges and little filling-regular burrito- bland..I've had this once a long time ago...go for a super..sounds better. super's looked huge tooFYI: -They have platters and combos and seafood. -They have self-serve salsas- 3 kinds to choose from, 2 tomato based and 1 is green..whatever that may be.-AND there is a sink outside of the bathroom to use! Now I don't have to wait in line to pee when I really just want to wash my hands after clubbing and touching money before I devour another quesadilla Suiza. =)
Your typical hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint. Not sure where I was in the city since I'm not from SF, but it sure did look shady. Even better. Great for late-night food. They have everything from quesadillas to tacos to burritos. We went around 11:30pm on a Thursday night and it was pretty crowded, so we got it to-go. Not the most romantic atmosphere, of course, but the perfect atmosphere to chow down on some good Mexican food. Can't go wrong with the carne asada burrito!
El Farolito. What else is there to say about the best taqueria in SF? Not much that hasn't been said already, but I'll break it down.1. Amazing hours. Hungry at 1am on a Wednesday night? Not a problem. In fact, there will probably be a line and you might have to wait for your burrito.2. Amazing and fresh ingredients. You know that their meats and rice have not been sitting there for hours and hours. High demand.3. Amazing salsa. Seriously. The green salsa is the best.4. Friendly staff. They are always really energetic and happy to see you.5. Jukebox. Always some salsa or bachata music playing. Rad.6. Our favorite burrito? Burrito with rice, cheese, and refried beans. That's it. The first time I got it with the bf he was very jealous and ended up eating all of my burrito. Now that's the only burrito he ever gets. Seriously, just try it. We're not even vegetarians (we eat A LOT of meat).7. FLAN. FLAN. FLAN. Try it. I promise it'll be the best you've ever had.They also have a crazy juicer? Maybe next time I'll try some of their homemade juice and update this review. Bottom line: You must go here! It is a must have for your SF bucket list.
I'm from LA, and I think all the other pseudo-Los Angeles reviewers are guilty of elitism. This place makes as good a burrito as I've had either north or south of SLO, and at a cheaper price than most places in LA. The regular burrito I got with Lengua ($5.50) was beautiful, absolutely tender meat with moist rice and cilantro. The salsa was excellent as well. I also got a corn tortilla quesadilla ($2.50) which was fantastic. Overall, much better than a number of taquerias I've been to in LA, and the price was great. You can also get beer with your order, much cheaper than most places in the Mission.
My current Mexican take out favorite. I've started from Pancho Villa, Papalote, La Palma, then reached here after15 years in Mission. Can't Mark five star because I would like to have less watery salsa. I've seen my neighbors frequently at this place than other places. Don't need to spend $10 for Burrito and regular Chicken burrito is always good (they ask what kind of chicken you would like to have.... so listen carefully, choose wisely.) Enjoy your Mex at a place ordinarily people stop by...
I tried to order something "healthy" sounding off the menu and I ended up with a 2 foot wide plate of delicious chicken, avocado, salad, rice & beans. Calorie fail. Deliciousness SUCCESS!I can't believe all that food cost $7. I loved the food, price and the company, but the decor & cleanliness left a little bit to be desired (-1 star)
Try the al pastor tacos. Al pastor tacos + horchata = delicious!!! That is an equation you should memorize. I can see why this place is so well-known. Delicious tacos and other stuff that won't break the bank! Crazy delicious salsas! (I liked the green salsa best)Super close to the 24th St Mission BART stop - pretty much just get off, go upstairs into the daylight, and there it is!
not only is this place good for your nightly mexican meal... but it's GREAT on your weekend late nights since they open until 3am!!! Got burritos last night for dinner... i, of course, got the shrimp burrito! 7 large prawns are freshly grilled in the super shrimp burrito and all the fixings are added.... which includes fresh avocado! yes, that's right... fresh avocado... not your fake powder mix guacamole!! the boys were so nice too... i asked them for a lil more avo and they just do it, no questions asked! lg got the lengua burrito and the lengua was good... not too tough and not too mushy! it was soft enough but still contain the lengua texture! their menu is not just limited to burritos and tacos, they offer sandwichs... rice plates... soups... and the list goes on!! the prices are decent and the portions are great! (see photo) I say it's one of the BEST joints in the mission district!!
Find this dinky taqueria near the 24th/Mission BART. The space is cramped, dirty, and stuffy. Ditch the plastic at home and don't forget your cash. There's really only one thing I order at El Farolito because it is consistently monstrously delicious: the carne asada super burrito. The carne asada is well done, yet well-seasoned and juicy. The burrito maestros craft the perfect mission burrito: meat, beans, cheese, guac, sour cream, lettuce, and salsa. The finished product is easily the size and weight of a small newborn. I usually inhale the thing because I am insanely hungry and salivating by the time I get my hands on it. Intense satisfaction fills every inch of my body as I work my way through each bite. Immediately after consumption, deep regret sets in because I am incapacitated for half an hour. My belly protruding, I sit defeated at my plastic booth, feeling nauseated because that burrito was no joke. But, would I do it again? Hell yeah.
Had the chorizo breakfast burrito and it was really amazing. The only thing I would ask for is for the ingredients to be mixed. It seemed like the chorizo was on one side and the other ingredients were on the other. Other than that, El Faro was great as usual.
Carne asada super burrito yesterday- nothing to get excited about. Same issues as previously noted by others before me (low-quality ingredients, not much flavor, too much sour cream). This place is a very Mission District experience for sure. The surroundings are a veritable "melting pot" of immigrants, techies, scenesters, tourists, vagrants, et al. But there are plenty of other better places in the Mission to get your taco on. Taquerias El Toro and Cancun are two consistent performers in the nearby area.
I dreamed last night that I was chowing down on a marinated pork super burrito... waking up to reality was painful.I will be in you in February, get excited.
2 best things to order here: super chorizo burrito (little greasy which comes from the chorizo but damn good!) More of a dinner/late nite meal. Super decadent w sour cream and avocado. This is the burrito I dream of - and a Bargain at $6.25.The other must-order is the super suiza (comes w carne asada- I ask them to include shrimps also. $12-13 but the best thing you'll ever have...enough for 2 people!).Been coming here for 20 yrs. Same consistent food dirt cheap prices. Whenever I'm in town I have to get my fix. Best burrito I've ever had... anywhere!!! Legendary.
When all places are closed during the wee hours of the morning... when you're wandering around drunk because you know you need grub to make it a good day... when you DON'T want a damn bacon-wrapped hot dog with onions... what joint can you confidently call clutch? What spot comes through beautifully every time for the walk-off win? El Farolito. Are the burritos, quesadillas, or tortas the best I've ever had? No. Has the place ever gotten higher than a B+ in their cleanliness rating? Not sure I care enough at 3 AM in the morning. Is the food somewhat bland? Yes. And I'm hungry! In all honesty, the clutch may not be the prettiest thing on the field. He or she may not even show it in their stats. But you can be the MVP when you hit a 3-run homer that brings your city their first championship trophy ever. El Farolito, there hasn't been one time that you've let me down. Now, I have yet to do lunch with you...
Great food with amazing taste!And super cheap price!
This place is delicious! Me & my roommates walked all the way from downtown to get super authentic Mexican food & this place definitely was worth it! Got a super burrito & was not disappointed. It was huuuuuuge & so SO good. You definitely get your money's worth especially since the burrito is so big. The super burrito is only like $7. Totally worth it. So glad we decided on El Farolito. Totally worth it & would for sure recommend! Probably some of the best Mexican I've ever had. Loved it! Definitely coming back!!!
Used to love going here but that changed this past year. Twice my order was screwed up, twice a shrimp burrito was ordered and twice a beef burrito was delivered. I haven't eaten beef on over 20 years so to twice this past year bite into a beef burrito is disgusting and nearly made me vomit. Won't be spending anymore money at this place!
I'm sitting in El Farolito at 4:03am after going out, and I'm still not satisfied. $.50 chips, and the free salsa bar isn't too shabby. However, the meat is pretty flavorless--both the Chicken and Asada. Maybe a bad night?, because it seems like they had quite a few regulars. It's cash only. Nice folks, though. Wish they could season the meat, because everything that went with the meat was pretty solid.
The best tacos I have had so far in San Francisco.I frequently complain that there are no great Mexican restaurants in the Bay. All the restaurants are very casual (not always bad thing!) and offer what is better described as Border food rather than authentic Mexican. Well, at least El Farolito is casual Mexican/Border food one right. They have a good assortment of meats for their tacos and burritos. I ordered 4 tacos: chorizo, al pastor, carnitas, and lengua (beef tongue).All of the tacos were pretty good. They were nice and spicy and each taco comes with two corn tortillas because they are quite loaded so only one would not get the job done. Not the best tacos I have ever had, but definitely the best in SF and at pretty good value.El Farolito is open late and can get quite busy. You order and pay at a counter and then your order is called out and brought to your table. The orders came out quite promptly for how busy the restaurant was. If you are hanging out in the Mission and have a late night craving for tacos be sure sure to check it out!
Oh SF- you have so many good things to eat here. Like NYC, I don't think Mexican is one of the good cuisines here. Forgetful-average tacos/burritos here- honestly would rather eat at chipotle.
With over 1300 reviews (I think this review makes it 1400), my review won't skew the average even if I rated this higher or lower. El Farolito deserves the four stars.My personal rule of thumb when it comes to food is that if you can smell it from a block away and it's good; it has to be good. As I left the 24th Street BART station you can smell the Carne Asada from across the street. My plans to go somewhere else we derailed. My curiosity, for the most part, was rewarded.I ordered a Super Burrito with Carne Asada and this was one of the best Carne I have ever had. I think their secret is that they cook the Carne halfway in small batches and then finish the cooking per order. Great Carne, but very inefficient. Lines are long and can become ridiculously slow if you have tourists in front of you who don't know what they are doing.
I came here and had a steak super burrito with rice, beans, light cheese, sour cream, avocado, tomatoes, onions, wrapped in a spinach tortilla. It was great tasting, and it is a big burrito. It was very busy here, with a long line to the door, and most of the tables were filled with people eating.
Pros: Good Mexican food and late hours.Cons: Long line and not a lot of space to sit when it's crowded.Overall: The popular spot in the Mission for late night Mexican.
I love this place! So close to BART, my new home. The servers are friendly, there's plenty of salsa (love the green stuff), and the burritos are HUGE. BF likes the tongue one the best, and he's tried the tripe. Ambitious one, he is! I stick to my super carne asada burrito every time. Does the trick for 2 meals. Coming from SD though, I must bump down from 5 to 4. You can't beat SD.
My top carne asada burrito spot in SF! What's not to love about El Farolito? It's open late, it's cheap, and the burritos are freaking delicious! Their carne asada is delicious, and cooked perfectly. Just walk around the sometimes scary looking bums around the area, and grab your burrito to go. I think it's too squishy to eat in, but there are tables available if you don't want to do take out. if you're looking for a burrito fix, El Farolito is the spot!
A great choice any time of the day. Except the few hours they are closed.One of my top 5 Mexican places in SF. Everything here is bomb.Open past closing time, even on weekdays.
There is no other place to get a burrito in the city. El Farolito has the best carne asada burrito I have ever had. Currently living in the heart of Los Angeles I have had my fair share of burritos all over the LA area. I have yet to find a burrito that compares to the carne asada super burrito.The super burrito comes with your choice of meat but the best one there is indeed the carne asada even though I might be the biggest al pastor fan in the world. It's made with a soft flour tortilla, rice, beans, tomato, cilantro, onion, salsa, cheese, sour cream and copious amounts of avocado. Combine all of that with their already delicious carne asada you have the best burrito In the city if not the state.The fact that the Bart stops right there on 24th and Mission and it open late gives you no excuses to not eat here. It really is a must go to place even if you are only in the city for the weekend. I know it is the first place i am going to as soon as I move back.
Amazing amazing food! Had the Super Burrito with Carne Asada, I would absolutely recommend this! Short wait for the amount of people in there at night.
Been here several times during my stay in the Bay area. El Farolito is everything you could want in a taqueria, from the sights of carne asada cooking up in a pool of grease to the long lines. The burritos are absolutely enormous, and they don't skimp on the meat. Tacos are a good size and tasty as well. Pastor, lengua, cabeza....whatever you fancy, they have it. The only thing I can complain about are the chips, which taste like a bad version of Frito Lay's Tostitos. To note, I've only eaten at El Farolito sober, so please take this into account when analyzing my rating. Being completely $#itfaced, I have the feeling that my rating would increase two-fold to an 8/5.Gonna miss this place and all the other places in the Mission when I have to return to Madison!
The chips are crap, they charge for them, and the salsas are unimpressive.That said, the meats are delicious (half lengua/half tripas torta is legit), the prices on the whole are very reasonable, and although it doesn't go down super clean, it doesn't leave you feeling bloated and gross like many cheap Mexican spots.
The lesbians have worn me down with all this prideful marching and after nearly buckling at the knees out of fatigue, I managed to climb up Mission to El Farolito. The interior is reminiscent of a park bathroom, but if you can get past the stickiness, the burritos are bangin'. This is that hole in the wall burrito spot worthy of your post-bar belly.
I really do love this place. I love the whole Mission though, too. Yeah, I'm dirty. Bring it!Stopping here after a show at the Makeout Room is a ritual. The first time I went here after a show 4-5 years ago I was first surprised for a taquiera to be open... then I was surprised by the party in my mouth.Be prepared for the line to be out the door on pretty much any night. Just don't fool yourself into thinking you should walk away and find somewhere else because you don't want to wait. You're a big boy/girl. You can wait for 10 minutes to get the burrito that is going to turn your whole night around.
The location of this restaurant is not very pleasant and quiet filthy. Once you step foot into this tiny place you will immediately either be squished by customers and struggle to find a seat or be distracted by the dirty, written on tables. The quantity of food that you receive is well worth your money, however the plate that it arrives on may diminish your appetite. Upon taking my burrito home and eating it later on, I experienced a painful stomach ache and have not been able to get rid the foul taste. I would recommend visiting this place at your own risk.
Since my favorite taqueria was closed (La Taqueria), I decided to try this highly-rated taqueria nearby. It was largely a disaapointment. I suspect that the reviews skew high due to price sensitivity (the super suiza was gynormous and a good "value" if measured by mass). I ordered a soft taco with carnitas and the super suiza with steak that yelpers raved about.The pork was copious, tender, and salty but lacked the flavor of the carnitas at La Taqueria. The steak was not as tender, kind of sinewy, and even more unremarkable than the pork. I would have been much happier with my standard carnitas taco and steak quesadilla (on corn tortilla).
This is definitely an underrated hole in the wall in the Mission district with the best nachos and burritos that I have ever tasted. They have quality ingredients and the ambiance is very Mexican. The service was quick and the food is excellent and their servings are quite generous; the best thing of all is their price. This is a great place to come to after checking out the murals in Balmy Alley which all embody the spirit of Diego Riviera's original Mission District murals. Esquire Magazine who reviewed this place was right - this is definitely one of the best burrito places in America!
Had a couple of tacos, carne asada was way to overcooked and the salsas are ehhhh. But the rest of my tacos; al pastor, lengua and carnitas were absolutely delicious and super filling they sure dont arent shy on the portions. 2.25 per taco did not hurt my pocket at all. Over all a great meal but not the BEST in mission
We ordered two carne asada super burritos, one veggie super burrito, and two carne asada tacos. No one in our group was impressed. I found my burrito to be rather unexciting. The food wasn't bad, but it certainly does not live up to the hype.
Came here with the gf, we were pretty hungry so ordered the super burrito, two soft tacos and super suiza casadilla. Let me tell you this place is bomb. The carne asada is not too dry, not too salty and packed with flavor! The two soft tacos were the best buy at 2.25 and could feed a small female. The green self serve salsa is excellent as well. Highly recommended and WILL come back again. (We did not finish this meal) total was $20
This place is crazy overrated, the burrito was just ok. I would have thought with sour cream an avocado the flavor would be great, but the carne asada flavor just wasn't there. Also their chips an salsa are horrible, thick dry corn chips, l like the thin slightly greasy or atleast fresh tasting chips, yelpers failed me on this place.
The burrito are good there but not really subtle. Perfect place if you are hungry anyway.
You can never go wrong with el farosTheir brand of cheap greasy Mexican food simply can't be beat.If their food wasn't known to make me wanna sleep all day is totally be down to eat there more often.
So sad, was in love with this place, but think I got food poisoning from their burrito. I had the misfortune of witnessing a cook emerge from the bathroom with only a perfunctory ONE SECOND washing of his hands - there could not have been soap involved. I've got a strong constitution and much experience with behind-the-scenes in food establishments, so I know this happens in other, more upscale places all the time. Still, since I got sick after this occasion, gotta give them a negative review. 1/5If you are brave of heart and strong of stomach, you should give this place a try. Their pork burritos are a guilty delight: a carb lover's dream and full of satisfying rich flavor from the fatty pork and what is presumably lard. Also big as a skinny girl's upper arm. 5/5As for me, I don't think I will return. My cast iron stomach is still repairing itself. I'm sure my arteries will thank me, too.
My late night lover. Regular carne asada burrito, add avocados. Party in my mouth. Guaranteed Noms. 5-stars, easy.
Just had ta get a burrito in the Mission. Had ta. El Farolito did not disappoint. $6 for the Supreme Carne Asada burrito? This thing is a freaking monster. Doused the thing in their complimentary green salsa. Best $6 I've ever spent.
Best burrito ever!!!!! The Super burrito with al pastor was amazing. The pork was so crispy and with their fresh salsa on too it was a magical meal. It was so big I had to save half of it and was a happy girl when I got to finish it for breakfast the next day.
Came here for the al pastor burrito, and ended up getting a beef head taco as well. Both were decent, if over-mayoed. I'd happily come back here, but would probably first try the multitude of other burrito spots within a 2-3 block radius to make sure there are no hidden gems nearby.
El Farolito has been a reliable late night refuge since the year I bought a combo cordless phone/mini-casette answering machine. I always get an al pastor taco and a vegetarian taco, and mix-n-match bites with a chip scoop. Love the tomatillo and the smoky red salsas. The nachos are a gut bomb capable of soaking up olympian amounts of alcohol, but sometimes the chips are stale. I knew a guy who proposed marriage to the quesadilla suiza. All around, a lovable freak show.
Generous portions for price. Did take out.Had chorizo regular burrito and pollo a la parilla and both were very tasty.Not from SF so relied on prior yelp help to find this place. Thought it was fine so I don't otally buy into what a recent review wrote about tourists in SF over rating this place. Gotta start somewhere.Can find free parking on the street just east of mission.Would go again...
Best Carne Asada? Seriously? No! It was super dry and tough. Safe your $8 and go somewhere else. I also had the steak burrito. Again not that impressive. I will not believe this is the best Cheap Mexican food in San Francisco.
Love It!
Maybe I have to be drunk off my face to truly appreciate El Farolito. Or maybe my mouth-watering meal at Los Gemelos in Redwood City two days ago has adjusted my personal bar to an irrationally high level - because everything I ate at El Farolito seemed A-OK at best. I'm almost tempted to say, "Meh, I've had better."I tasted their:* REGULAR TACO - SESOS       - [1/5 - I'm one of those weird people that actually love the taste and texture of brain. I used to always order Gulai Otak, a beef brain curry, when I'd frequent Padang restaurants in Indonesia.. and I've also tried delicious fried brain. El Farolito's was awful - bad enough to put off anyone that wasted their first attempt at experiencing beef brain there..]* REGULAR TACO - AL PASTOR       - [2/5 - The ratio of meat to tortilla was great, but I've tasted better..]* REGULAR TACO - CARNE ASADA       - [3/5 - The carne asada was adequately seasoned.]* QUESADILLA SUPER SUIZA - CARNE ASADA       - [3.5/5 - It was alright and would probably be a good pick on a drunk night, but without the taste of liquor affecting my taste buds, I have to point out that it consisted of far too much cheese and sour cream and very little carne asada. The bites that included the carne asada were worthy of a 4*, while the others were 2*.]The horchata was really good, though a little too sweet. (Much better once the ice has melted...)
I am finally going to speak my mind on this, and this is something I've been silent about for years. Here it goes-- El Farolito is OVERRATED. Wow, that felt SO great to finally get off my chest.Out of curiosity, I searched "Burrito" in the Mission to see how the results compared to my favorite spots. It drives me CRAZY that the first two results were EL FAROLITO. You know that feeling when a friend raves about some restaurant that you aren't too fond of and it kind of makes you reconsider your friendship? THAT'S HOW YOU YELPERS MADE ME FEEL. I felt so betrayed, like how could I ever trust you?Then I got to my senses and realized that I'm probably overreacting. I'm not saying that the place is horrible, but it is DEFINITELY not the best spot for burritos in the city, especially in the Mission. I'm a pretty tough critic when it comes to Mexican food. My friends love this place and have been dragging me here since high school, but if they weren't my friends I'd slap some sense into them. I can see how people love El Faros because they're inexpensive, they're open late, and the locations are convenient. But if I weren't on some late night after the club munchies craze, I wouldn't come here out of preference in the daytime. The burritos are pretty big and the tacos are kind of standard, but the meat is lacking in the flavor department. It's under-seasoned, and it's a shortcoming that they compensate for with lots of sour cream in their burritos. Their salsa selection also lacks the variety I would've preferred.What I will give them props for are their less popular weekend dishes-- menudo and birria. Homemade, generous amount of meat, and really delicious!
El Farolito needs no introduction. In brief, it's fantastic and perhaps the quintessential Mission burrito experience.Though I personally don't believe that it's the best place in the Mission (I prefer Vallarta on 24th), it is without doubt among the best, and fully deserves 5 stars.Some disadvantages : very crowded during common eating times (try Guadalajara down 24th if it's too much), and doesn't take cards.
I ordered the carne asada Super Burrito and as the 5 star rating says, Woohoo! As good as it gets!It was one of the best burritos I've ever tasted and I'm from L.A.! The carne asada was tasty and tender and all of the ingredients just balanced each other out. If I could, I would have had two of these!And all this for $5.45!
A better burrito does not exist.
So my second go around at this place was a lot better than the first time i had gone. After a night out on the prowl searching for a married women to take home my journey ended at this place. At first i realized that i had gone here before and was hesitant to order food, but then again i was drunk and hungry so i ordered a carne asada burrito. This burrito tasted a lot better than the first time i had came here. Main reason being i was drunk. So if i was in a sober state of mind during the day time i would much rather go somewhere else for mexican food. Drunk, hungry, and trying to sober up at around 3 am this place hits the spot, so i would definitly recommend this spot if your on the late night crawl for some mexican food and have had a couple shots of tequila prior. Overall this place gets 3 stars drunk.
CILANTRO HATERS: Get the super suiza without salsa, or alambres. Well, even if you don't hate cilantro, you should get alambres, but just make sure you are seriously hungry.This is single handedly the place I miss the most whenever I leave San Francisco. It's the only place that's open late, and it's the only place that I really want to be open late. It's cheap, it's fast, you'll leave hungry and satisfied. The first time I tried a super suiza, I just knew there was no going back. Finally I was convinced to try the alambres plate, being the only thing on the menu that has bacon in it. If you're a bacon fan, or if you're just a fan of happiness and joy, give it a try.Farolito, I can't wait to be back inside you.
If you like your Mexican food one part sour cream, one part all other ingredients, this is the place for you. It really is sub-standard compared to all the excellent burrito places in the city. I had a super burrito and a hard taco. Neither were great, and I'm not hard to please.Note: after posting this, the restaurant messaged me attempting to bribe me to change my review. It is my belief that this place has an artificially high rating.
mediocre and expensive burritos in a tiny burrito joint.and they charge 50 cents for chips! rip off!place is pretty filthy and the salsa bar is just begging to give you someone elses cold or flu.its the mission, there a lot more choices out there......i wonder what the health dept rating is on this establishment?
Never been for a late night snack (a little far from the Marina) but have definitely frequented El Farolito for a day-time run.Love their burritos, they never fail for a mission style Mexican burrito or taco!
Right. Ok. So I only went here about a week ago and normally I operate on this system, with things like cookies, fries, booze, exbfs, where I get my "fix" and then am good for AT LEAST 2-3 weeks before I need another hit. ....I have stopped myself from going back and getting an al pastor super burrito and a bag of chips every single damn day of the past week. How did you do that????
I didn't want to believe it. Didn't want to believe the reviewer who said Chipotle is better.Sadly, he was right.All the way from NYC, hoping we would have the best burrito ever, but it turned out to be the worst. Dos Torros- new mission style burrito place in NYC beats this one a million times over, and NYC has never had good burritos until now.Funny thing is I tried this place on my x-country trip 12 years ago -- pre-Yelp days-- was hoping it got better since all the reviews are glowing. Unfortunately it was still the same blah burrito. (1 star for size).
It's a total hole in the wall. Pretty good service and okay food, I got a quesadilla and it was just okay but my mom really liked her tostada. I would probably come back because of all the great reviews.
The burritos here are amazing! The super veggie, lengua and carne asada are all incredible. It's a must try when looking for authentic burritos.
one of my favourite things in SF is going to El Farolito for last call after a friday/saturday night out!just make sure you don't look at the floor while you eat...
Love this place...  Open late.. good food. .. Nice People here.. yay... I am fan this place...
In college, I ate here twice a day; it was that good. More than a decade later, whenever I visit The City, I still pop in; it is still that good. People can argue all day about which burrito is best in the historical and cultural melting pot which is The Mission -- and I have tried them all in my time -- but even at the most basic level, its building blocks of rice and beans are unmatched, let alone whatever gets added beyond that.
After another night out, we hit up El Farolito for some late night grub. When we walked in, shortly after 2am, there was a pretty long line and about 10 minutes later, we got to the counter to order. You could tell that everyone had just come from the bars or the clubs by the way some of the girls were dressed.I ordered a grilled chicken taco and my friends decided to split a carnitas burrito. Our orders came with complementary chips and we grabbed an assortment of salsas at the salsa bar. Shortly after we sat down, our orders were ready and delivered to our table. My taco was filled with meat, and still oozing with its marinade. For a simple taco, it was pretty flavorful. There was just the right amount of meat so that each bite was perfection. My friends seemed to enjoy their burrito and easily devoured it.My only complaint was that the chips were too salty. Otherwise, they were the perfect consistency -- thick enough to hold up a heaping amount of salsa and weren't overly greasy.I can see why this is a go-to place for some late night food! I also wouldn't mind coming here for an actual meal one of these days.
El Farolito is another one of the best Mexican Restaurants for Mexican Food. Coming here for the first time, I ordered a regular nachos to go and it was delicious. Eating is purely one of the greatest life experiences. I enjoy eating Mexican Food because it's tasty and I also get the chance to know more about the Mexican culture.UPDATE -- 2/10/2012:Feeling hungry upon getting off the 12, 14, 14L, 48, 49, 67 or BART at 24th St/Mission Station? El Farolito is here whenever you want to get delicious and mouthwatering Mexican Food. The Mission District is well known for its chain of Mexican Restaurants' corridor.Today, I was very hungry for some Mexican Food so I came in, ordered a Steak & Cheese Quesadilla Suiza with a bottle of Coca-Cola and a basket of tortilla chips. The portions are suitable for lunch or a midday snack, it is large enough to keep me full until dinner.- Friendly staff (+1)- Good food (+1)- Good service (+3)Overall, positive experience and at El Farolito. Line here may be long at times, but good food that is delicious and satisfying with good service provided is really worth the wait.Driving?Not an approach I would recommend since public transit is a preferred option with MUNI and BART serving this area.
I hate cilantro. I've tried to like it, but it's just not possible -- which really sucks because I love everything (ex the cilantro) about Mexican and Indian food. That being said, I still love this place. I've gotten the nachos, quesadillas and burrito here -- all three great!. For the burrito, I just ask them to take out the salsa. The carnitas is a MUST HAVE because the meat is just unbelievable (oh and MUST get the super burrito -- for a dollar more, you get sour cream, cheese and avocado!). The nachos are also really good. Unfortunately they can't take out the cilantro but I just eat around it (and it's totally worth the extra effort).The quesadillas were okay, but nothing special (my benchmark is Ana's Taqueria quesadillas in Boston).I definitely will come here again! Seating can be really difficult but I've always gotten lucky. Cash only!
This was the first stop on my first ever taco crawl. It was not the best taco of the evening, but it came a very close second. I have been trying to figure this one out for a while. Why do you get a taco when you can get a burrito? Burritos are bigger, more filling, and usually come with a greater variety of topping. So why go for a taco?Regardless, the carne asada taco here was filled with a generous portion of the tasty meat and salsa. Simple. Delicious. But kind of plain. When I have a taco like this, I regret not having a burrito.However, I still remember the intense smell of heaven that filled El Farolito. This is why I give them 4 stars. I will be back. For the burrito.  I give you benefit of the doubt that it is mighty.
So we weren't going to leave SF without trying this place that everybody raved about. Honestly, it did not disappoint, but overall, I'm not a huge burrito person (Hubby loves them though!)We decided to stop at this place on our way to the airport. We wanted to be daring and tried things that we would've never thought that people can put in a burrito. (i.e. Cabeza or Beef Head Meat and Lengua or Beef Tongue). Also, we got a traditional steak burrito just in case we can't take the "delicacies". The Beef Head meat was actually very tender and I thought was better than the steak meat. However, I guess probably a lot more people order steak burritos, so the fillings in that steak burrito was made to perfection. In comparison, the fillings in the Beef Head meat burrito was a bit more bland; also, I didn't know we can ask the guys to put spicy green sauce on the burritos to make it more flavorful; totally would've done to the Beef Head burrito if I knew. So don't forget to ask them if you like your ingredients spicy. As for the Beef Tongue burrito, it wasn't too impressive either; still liked steak burrito the best. So much for being daring, but hey, at least I can say that I've tried. =P Anyways, overall, this place is tiny, but the lines move rather quickly. The burrito wraps here are just the right thickness, so you don't feel like you're eating tons of wheat flour. The ingredients are fresh, and everything is easy to customize. Let them know what to wrap, and they'll do it to fit your appetite. I must say that even though I'm not a burrito person, I would have to admit that this is so far the best burritos I've tried. Well worth the detour and a great way to say goodbye to San Fran. =)
This heavenly place stays open till 3:00 am on most nights and 4:00 on others.El Farolito's food is always amazing.But to have food this incredible - at this divine of an hour - is just pure San Francisco magic.That's what it is.This place is so what's up - that it's just permanently up (I was trying to think of something a little wittier to say - to surpass What's UP - but at 11:43pm - my mind is begging for rest)Outside of the long lines - which are admittedly a hassle and a half - you'd be doing yourself a big favor - by coming here to satisfy your late night cravings.And though the lines can be pure torture, when your stomach is wincing for food, they are also a great place to make new friends - and meet fellow fans of the masterpiece - that is the El Farolito late night burrito.Trust.
Holy mother, I have experienced the best carne asada super burrito in SF and it lies here in the Mission!Granted, I still have a lot of burrito joints to try and will happily keep de-throwning these proclamations, but for now... El Farolito is the king of the carne!It was flavorful, HUGE, and just packed full of delicious super burrito goodies- sour cream, guacamole, refried beans... hell, even the rice was delicious and flavorful. Yes my friends, this is the way burritos should be experienced.... for like $6.50 and feeling like you're going to keel over from the deliciousness of it all.Alas, this would totally be five stars if I didn't have a bite of my hubby's cabeza super burrito. The meat was alright, but definitely not as flavorful. My sister seemed to love her carnitas. Nachos were just alright. Frescas were good.The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon, but the crowd comes in waves. Definitely worth hitting up if you're in the neighborhood. Mmm.. carne asada! Given the fact the super burrito is almost the size of my forearm, I would say share... but who am I kidding? You know you want it all for yourself... or saved for your leftover midnight snack. :)
Good old El Farolito, been coming here since I was a kid. Was always a model of consistent, tasty tacos, burritos, etc... I have always LOVED the food and the fact that they are open almost round the clock. However my recent visit here has made me question if they have changed owners or management. I ordered a carne asada (beef steak) regular taco and super lengua (tongue) burrito with a strawberry fresca. Licking my chops I waited in anticipation for my number to be called and my order delivered. My fresca was sweet and tasty with occasional little bits of strawberry. My food arrives, YAY!! I layer on my avocado and traditional spicy salsa on to my taco. I take a bite, the meat was chewy and not chopped finely as it usually is. The flavor was almost bland like eating boiled steak. Both salsa sauces lacked any punch, usually my mouth has a bit of a burn but today feels more like a light tap. I bite into the burrito. Much better, the lengua is soft and tender, it has that nice grilled flavor I have enjoyed in the past. I usually eliminate beans but today felt it had a terrific balance of meat, cheese, avocade, beans and rice. Despite the lackluster steak taco, salsa I still I will probably always come back to El Farlito as their food overall is consistent and delicious.
I ate here a couple months ago because of all the positive Yelp reviews, it wasn't bad, I just thought it was average. Service was friendly and quick, decent price.
I was really excited to try El Farolito after seeing it all over Yelp for a long time. We got the carne asada super suiza quesadilla (not hungry enough for a burrito unfortunately) and my friends got a super suiza quesadilla with chicken. The quesadillas were pretty massive but I found the carne asada a bit dry, I preferred the chicken. Will hopefully be back to try a burrito sometime.And yes, the restroom situation here is quite strange. We saw a lady running to the restroom and we thought she just really had to go.. but I guess she had just asked someone at the counter to buzz her in (which we didn't realize at the time).
Being from Southern California I'm very picky when it comes to my Mexican food. After being disappointed time and time again I was told by a coworker to come here. This place is the closest thing to the Mexican food I'm use to back home. Every bite of the carne asada burrito was amazing. For the prices you get so much food it is worth coming here again and again! You will not be disappointed with any item on their menu.
Nothing beats this spot! Best burritos hands down. Very inexpensive and the service is great, very nice people. Totally traded this place for la taqueria. They definitely need to do something about the bathrooms though.
Stick with the burritos. Can't go wrong with them.I've eaten here over a million times and 99% of the time, I get a chicken super burrito. Always good. Like a good buddy, El Farolito's consistent. I decided to do something different today and went with a plate of enchiladas. Bad decision. Enchiladas were awful. I think they were having an identity crisis. Does it want to be sweet? Salty? Spicy? Tomato-y? A confusing enchilada. Confusing being an euphemism for not good. DO NOT GET.The portions were huge. The enchiladas came on a grossly monster-sized plate, the kind that turns heads. But that's not helpful to you at all because it's not good enough to eat all of it anyway - I reluctantly consumed one enchilada and couldn't finish the rest. After I ate, I also got so tired that I passed out on my relatively short BART commute back to my office, missed my stop, had to backtrack, and then felt sick all afternoon. This may or may not have been due to the enchiladas; I'm giving El Farolito the benefit of the doubt because they are generally awesome, and this yucky food adventure was a rare exception.Four stars because their burritos are always amazing - as are their tacos and quesadillas. You'll be happy with those.But just say no to the enchilada.
Perhaps I came on a bad night for my first visit. Tonight I ordered the Super Suiza Quesadilla and it was SUPER GOOD. Wow, the juices that were oozing out of this little dandy was amazing. I didnt even need to mix in any of their great hot sauce on this, it was so full of flavor. Sorry for doubting this place. Looks like I've found my favorite spot and my favorite meal.
Just back from Mexico last night. Looking for a good Mexican back home and this garbage popped up with 4.5 stars???Come on SF, you gotta do much better than this rat-infested, dysentery-encouraging excuse for a late-night alcohol poisoning cure. This place sux the big one, and I'm one step closer to dismissing the Mission as an epicenter of the Mexican diaspora if this junk stays at the top of my "Mexican" food search on Yelp any longer.
Burritos wrapped to perfection. Open late. Bring cash, and ask for hot sauce.
About a week and a half ago my mom found little stones and glass in the black beans that were in her burrito. Let's just hope it was an off day.
Hole in the wall, messy, crowded. Looks like a flurry. All of this worth the Super steak quesadilla.
I've eaten at lots of taquerias but my heart will always belong to El Farolito. If I had to list the things that make living in San Francisco worth all the hassle, El Farolito would be in the top 10. This place is nothing fancy, in fact it's downright grubby, but nothing makes me happier than the carne asada super burrito. In fact, I'm going to go get one right now....
Best burritos I had in San Francisco. Cheap, fast, plenty of food. Be sure to make up your mind before it's your turn to order because these guys don't have the time to explain the menu.
I've been going here for a couple years now--post clubbing. The food is good, fast, consistent. The only problem: that it's in the ghetto of the Mission District. Eating there after a night out in the city, I totally recommend it. Take out, tastes ok. It tastes best when you eat it there, but I wouldn't randomly go here for lunch. Tip to the business: Update their bathroom. Disgusting. Use some of that money you've made to update your facilities. No one likes to sit on pee or not at least supply soap and tissue.
Hands down the best burrito taqueria spot in town.. Be aware though each el farolito location is different I prefer the one here by Bart.. This no frills type spot has been my go to spot since I was a little kid and made sure to introduce this spot to my friends from college and now every time they come to visit this is one of the first places they want to go
Okay, so just because I begin my review on "EL Farolito" now (year 2014) Doesn't mean I've just recently discovered this place. I'm aware this taqueria has been around for quite a while, and every time I've been here, its been the same old goodness! This place does get full, usually there's a line that extends outside...but I can assure you its worth the wait. The food is excellent, warm and comforting. All around deliciousness! The portion sizes are big, so usually I eat half of my burrito, if your really hungry, than by all means devour the whole thing. If you want quality food for a decent price, this is a place to give a try. Not to mention, its conveniently located next to the 24 Bart station. You simply get off the station, up the stairs, go to your right, and there it is. Great for Saturday nights after clubbing or a night out with friends or family :)
Best burrito I have ever had. Carnitas super burito is the thing to order. Yes it has beans and sour cream in it so it's not a traditional so-cal burrito but that's what you come to the mission district for. The meat was great, not too fatty. The tortilla is fantastic too. And it's not too expensive! Definitely worth making the trip out on the BART If you are in SF. I will make an effort to come back every time I am in SF.
I always refer to this place as the taco shop on the corner (pretty close) of 24th and Mission but never figured out what the name was until writing this Yelp review. This place is easily recognizable by its yellow awning and the fact that is literally next to the BART stop (24th and Mission)Anyhow, this place is open really late, catering to the bar goers and clubbers. I love coming to this place simply because it is really inexpensive and delicious. The portions are huge. This place is open to the wee hours of the night. Just make sure you allow some time to order and retrieve your food since normally there is a line to this place late at night especially if you are catching the last BART train like I was.
I finally went to El Farolito after reading the amazing reviews. It is always crowded so you better not be in a rush. The place has some seating but I prefer to take it to go. I have only tried the quesadillas and the tacos but they are so tasty. The only downside is that the place is small so be ready to bump into a few people and wait in line.
This place is as good as it gets. Don't expect anything fancy, but you will get authentic flovrs and fresh ingredients. I had the Shrimp Super Burrito and my husband got the Carne Asada Burrito. We both loved it! Huge portions and great price. Will be coming back.
Great tasting Tripas burritos and tacos, just their lines are always long and the place isn't that clean. But looking for a place to eat after the clubs and bars close, this place will be packed.$6 for a super burrito, tax and all!!
pros: amazing nachos, fresh ingredients, and a delicious choice of salsas. when i went, a mariachi guitar player singing to people in the restaurant, and who can say no to live entertainment.cons: ca$$$h only, dirty, the back of the restaurant smells like cleaning supplies.
Very affordable, greasy, but yum! Tried the super quesadilla suiza, enjoyed every bite of it. Not a desirable ambiance nor neighborhood though!
One of my fav places to grab a bite of Mexican food when I'm in the Mission- sober or not. Love the grilled chicken quesadillas! The meat is always tender and juicy....there's a reason that there's always a line out the door!
I don't get it. Service, price, portion all good. Food not good. Prob one of the worst burritos I ever had. Dry, bland, boring vegetarian burrito. Salsa was pretty much non-existent. Beans were scarce. One or two slices of avocado. Rice was mushy. Tortilla was rubbery. Whaaaat, I say, is the hype all about? I've avoided this place for 25 years and by golly, I should've kept on walkin' again....
I'm not sure what I can say that the other 1299 folks haven't already said but in case you're only going to read one review that just happens to be mine then I guess I'll tell you what's up.Step 1: Get the super suizaStep 2: Eat the super suizaOptional Prep Step: Get blackout drunkPretty simple huh? I've had the al pastor and carne asada. If you're down for a greasy adventure you can try the pastor but the asada is always good.Now go forth and suiza up
This was the last stop on a nighttime tour of the mission, and since our last bar was shut down early by the cops, we made it here before the crowds descended upon this little eatery. My friends got super suizas... delicious, and we weren't even really drunk so it's NOT that. Problem is that there were a huge difference between the two suizas.. one was chock full of fillings and one wasn't. Which made one girl very very upset (see Joyce C.) lol. And this place is a dirty spoon so don't expect much with cleanliness here, but there IS a functioning bathroom!
My husband and I split a carne asada super burrito & a side of chips & salsa. Our burrito was tasty & huge. The restaurant is busy, loud, a bit dirty, and draws a diverse crowd.
2010 CANDIDATE FOR S.F. CITY PLANNER: coreygMY CAMPAIGN ISSUE: Running the 24th & Mission BART escalator directly to the entrance of El Farolito!C'mon, let's be direct here. If you're in the neighborhood, wouldn't you like to cut down on that ole chase a little bit. We can just send everyone right into that famed doorway. This will be built if I am elected.[with 1141 reviews on here, I know I have a good start with votes--I'm a shoe-in]So yeah. I'm from Washington state, and I'm lucky enough to live in a part of the state where we have tons of taco trucks. With that, I've become a taqueria whore. So, when I had a recent trip to SF, I did my research, and this joint was high on my list.Went with the Super Quesadilla Suiza & a Mexican Coke (I usually go for tortas or tacos, but I thought I'd change up for this special occasion). So, I arrived to a line---not surprised and not deterred. While waiting in line, I soaked up the culture, the smells, the people, and the magic in the kitchen. I knew this would be special.**the cloudy skies open, harps play heavenly, and I float**I.Was.Making.My.Order.The guy taking my order was SUPER nice. I only mention this, because I know he must see about 100 patrons every fifteen minutes, but he had a smile and was totally patient and kind to this half-gringo.I patiently waited next to the jukebox while my meal was being created. I watched the servers scream out numbers and deliver their gifts to their taco junkies---oh yes, we are the best junkies!While waiting I saw some Farolito T-shirts. MAN! Why couldn't they take cards?! I would have totally bought one---next time (and there will be a next time).I then received my meal and was good to go. I hugged my food. I cradled it. It smelled orgasmic. Ummm....is that too much information?? Tough toenails--I'm a straight-shooter.So, I trudged down to the BART (See! There should be NO TRUDGING! There should be an escalator here to take you all the way down to the depths of the BART, so you can focus on smelling your spoils!) I only had a few stops to my hotel. I bee-lined it to my room, and it was Business Time.Perfection. The tortilla was tasty and toasted just right. The seasoning was intravenous-worthy. The salsa was bath-worthy.Although I wanted to scarf. I didn't. I savored. I made it last. This is what I hoped for when returning to The Mission.
Best Carnitas in town!
FINALLY!!! MY CRAVING FOR GOOD MEXICAN FOOD IS SATISFIED AND I DIDN'T EVEN NEED TO GO ALL THE WAY TO SAN DIEGO!!! :)My friends and I were seriously missing cheap tacos that were prevalent in San Diego, so lucky for us we found this place right on Mission Street!!Great price, great food...can't ask for much more than that!! ;DI got the lengua (beef tongue) taco and I shared carne asada super nachos with my friend. The lengua was AMAZING!! Perfectly moist and tender! The nachos had SO much carne asada & cheese. When it first came out, we thought they had forgotten the chips hahaaWe were all really stuffed after eating all that and we spent less than $10!! I'll definitely come back...I saw someone ordered a quesadilla and it looked preeeetty delicious! ;)
This is one of those restaurants that makes up the culture of the Mission district. It's right in the center of it all too. From lunch time to late night this is must go!The food represents how authentic Mexican food should taste like. And some delicioso options too. I always get tacos from here. They are soooo yummy. The burritos are huge - so filling. The cash only option does kinda suck, as I hardly ever have cash. The bathroom is kinda raunchy so be prepared if you gotta pee after all those beers!!!
Came here last night after Gingerbread Clothing's fashion show. This is a sweet place to go when you are krunkified! This place has authentic Mexican food that gets the taste buds going and lets the appetite run wild. The food here is mouth-watering that will not easily be forgotten. No matter what the friendly staff at El Farolito Restaurant won't let you leave without a smile on your face. The guys here are HECKA FUNNY, especially when your buzzed! Good food & great laughs here!!
I forget at what point of the night we came here, but I'm damn glad we did. Being surrounded by so much awesome Mexican food is a luxury I gave up when I moved to DC, and ever since it has been a struggle to find something that tastes the way it should without spoiling all the things that make Mexican food great. El Farolito lived up to all my expectations, and my Californian eating companions who were skeptical were even more than satisfied by the quality and the quantity here. I'm pretty sure everyone who comes here late at night does it under the same general auspices, and probably leaves with the same sense of happiness after quickly devouring their orders in a similar Neanderthal-like fashion as myself.We started out with an order of the Super Nachos with beans, melted cheese, fresh salsa, avocado, sour cream, jalapenos, and beef. There's no skimping on any ingredient here for sure, the pile of nachos was massive, and every topping was well represented. From the pieces of freshly sliced avocado (no watered down guacamole crap here) to the really large pieces of chopped beef (note, not minced), every bite was loaded with great but simple flavors.Nicole decided to have a beef taco after, which I of course couldn't resist sampling. The amount of beef piled in was quite impressive, and the fresh lettuce and cilantro makes such a huge difference for crunch and flavor. Thankfully they did the proper thing and used a double tortilla, because otherwise this thing would have been way too heavy to stay together.I decided on the "al pastor", or marinated pork, super burrito (although the idea of beef brain was really tempting). Unfortunately no photographic evidence exists of this monstrosity, as I pretty much guarded it like a dog with a bone and consumed it in record speed. Unlike every other burrito from every other place that doesn't know jack about properly preparing food, this one was superbly layered, ensuring that each bite provides a wide range of flavors, instead of getting 4 bites of rice, 4 bites of beans, and then 4 bites of miscellaneous toppings. Thank you El Farolito for proving it is possible!This place is really cheap considering how good it is, and how much food you wind up with for just a few bucks. I did have a little trouble manipulating the bathroom door, which I'm not sure if it was due to the fact it looks like a secret door to a shed, or my state of mind and body at the time, but either way don't give up because you'll eventually get in!
This is exactly the type of place that I like to frequent: authentic, tasty, inexpensive and memorable. It took me quite a while to find parking but the line was short and the food was well worth it. The nachos are pretty ordinary but the salsas are good. I had a carne asada burrito and two chicken (soft) tacos. Both we outstanding. The meat was high quality and the portions were large. I ended up taking a lot home. This place is well worth a visit if you like what I do.
The Yelp Gods pointed me here for one of the best burritos in the Mission, and I gotta say, I was pretty impressed. Definitely a hole-in-the-wall type place that I would have never found without this wonderful web site (quick moment of appreciation for Yelp bringing us fantastic local experiences..............k that's good). I went in a little after 2 o'clock on a weekday, and I was surprised to have to make an effort to get a seat.For $5.50, you have to really search to get a better Super Burrito. Here are the reasons it's awesome:They do a fantastic wrap job.The meat is tender and flavorful.The cheese is melted perfectly.The avocado is soft, and I can taste it.The middle bite of the burrito with every ingredient represented is one of the most glorious burrito bites I've ever had.Now, there are a couple things that keep this from getting 5 stars. First, there are some fatty pieces of meat that shouldn't be there. Second, the ingredients are not evenly distributed throughout the burrito. Is it possible that my perfect burrito is a figment of my imagination?? Or perhaps, does the answer lie at La Taqueria, where I will pay $9.50 for supposedly the best burrito in the universe? Or perhaps, does it lie at Taqueria Cancun, which was recommended to me by a guy who has lived in the Mission for ten years and calls El Farolito "just okay"? Time will tell...
It's Cinco de Mayo and we can't find a good Mexican restaurant in downtown Oakland around 1045pm that wants to feed the craving...A good friend recommends EL FAROLITO in the Mission..and we're on our way to Daly City.. the Mission is on the way...*looks up on yelp app & begins to dream of burrito heaven*We make a quick stop at the nearby Chase to get some CASH.That's right, it's CASH ONLY people. Don't get to the front with no cash.Now that's embarassing!It's probably like 11pm and even though Mission isn't swarming with people, there are only a few tables in the front of restaurant open. We hopped in line, luckily there were only a few people in front of us.. stopping us from reaching burrito heaven..My GF and I both got carne asada burritos and since it was Cinco de Mayo, I one-upped myself with a chicken quesadilla. While we waited for a table, we loaded up on salsa at the salsa bar. We opted for the jalapeno-avocado salsa and the roasted tomato salsa. Both have decent heat, perfect for drowning your super burrito.So a nice gentleman brought us to burrito heaven when he dropped off the food at our table. It wasn't the biggest burrito but it was just right. We opted for no beans in the burritos which made them less heavy presumably. The rice was almost magical. It was truly authentic and delicious. Overall it was one of the best burritos I've ever had in my life. I don't know how I managed to eat my whole burrito, but heaven was definitely reached. Just know that after heaven is food coma land!What's awesome is this place doesn't close until 3am, which can also be considered bad because if you were hungry at any time before then, that means you might contemplate coming here. Either way, it'll be a good call. Awesome, authentic Mexican food.
This place was delicious and very reasonably priced. The line was long but they work fast. The line was out the door but it only took ten minutes to get our food from the moment we got in line.
I ate here for the first time and had the Super Burrito with carne asada. It was huge and very good, but, as some other reviewers say, it's not the best I'd ever had. But the price is right, about $5. I found them to be somewhat dry ... but you can add plenty of stuff from the salsa bar which has guacamole, hot peppers, and 2 kinds of salsa.They were very crowded at lunchtime.  It's CASH ONLY.
A hole in the wall. Burrito! Best burritos in SF. Carne asada burrito was delicious. You can also get some beer with your burrito.
WOW. Walking into this joint late at night will guarantee satisfaction of any Mexican food craving. Obviously there's going to be a post-partying crowd, but there's a mystical camaraderie amongst the drunken patrons that really adds to the experience. Warm tortilla wrapped burritos with fresh ingredients from avocados to the salsa. The juices that dribble out has so much flavor it makes you forget about the amount of calories you're eating. And if you're anal enough to still be counting them, you'll make the sacrifice of a few more miles of running. The carne asada swiza (quesadilla) tops my experience. A perfect blend of cheeses with succulent beef, seasoned to perfection. All in all, a perfect experience for an average of $5 per entree. If you're in the Mission, stopping here is a must!
Chips are good! Hidden gem. Late night eating is the spot. Really busy on a regular night!
Its rare to find a Taqueria that veers as wildly between transcendentally tasty and moderately mediocre as El Farolito, Our Lady of 24th Street BART, located in the epicenter of Burrito Row, USA. On the one hand: their burritos are always sized to fill, avocado always permeates every bite, meat can be found everywhere, cheese is always well melted (and copious) and the density is always as tight as Pittsburg/Bay Point train during rush hour. On the non-burrito side of things, the fire roasted/pickled peppers and onions are about the spiciest things on Mission Street, the artwork is super-rad, and the Horchata is exquisite. On the other hand, their tortillas aren't always well grilled, the meat isextra-greasy, burstage is an issue, sour cream is applied with a fire hose and what part of extra-spicy is so hard to understand? Oh, and their chips suck. Constantly.As for their meat, quality can be variable. On the one hand, their pork is a total, under-flavored grease-fest, but on the other, their Carne Asada is superb. Seriously, cows probably grow up dreaming of becoming part of a Carne Asada burrito at El Farolitio. Four stars then? Yeah, I often come out more impressed then disheartened, the convenience can't be beat, the prices are reasonable, and shit, that is some delicious Carne Asada. Shit, even on a bad day, the most mediocre of their work is better then most other Taquerias in The City. In conclusion:On a good day, Farolito can't be beat and lives up to the hype. On a bad day, expect some crushed dreams and the peculiar sense of self-loathing that comes from eating a calorie-laden yet strictly mediocre burrito as you board BART and ride away to greener pastures, because when the mighty fall, they fall hard.
Huge portions and open late, yay. However, they don't seem to do well with special orders. For example, my friend asked for his tacos with meat only and when we got back to our hotel discovered there was sour cream, onions, and cilantro on all of them. If you are cool with getting your food how it comes then this place is 4 stars.I didn't feel unsafe because they are so many people here even at midnight, but it is a shady area.
With just $10 I bought myself a beer, chips, and honestly the most amazing carne asada burrito I've had in SF!
Yummy tacos
My husband and I are fairly new to the city, however we are no strangers to Mexican food being Latin and all. We stumbled upon El Farolito one fair Sunday. The line was long but the smoke coming out the door, and view of the cooks hard at work immediately caught our attention. Fast forward one Super Burrito, a Suiza Quesadilla, and endless amounts of tacos al pastor, carne asada, pollo and a yelp status of regular and I can definitely say this place rocks your socks off. We haven't shut out all other mexican fast food joints as this is the city of good eats, however we continuously keep coming back to El Farolito. The only thing that would stop me from coming back would be if they ever start showing the calories on the menu. God knows that food this good must be a heart attack waiting to happen.
This place is legit. I have tried the Super Quesadilla Suiza with Chicken and my friends had the burrito with chorizo and one with carne asada and we were all impressed by the quality of ingredients and the overall flavor of the food. Wish I lived closer so that I can experience more things from their menu.
Tacos are really hard to mess up and a test to measure how good some of there other offering are the basis to judge for me. Start with a good grilled corn tortilla, then construct the taco with various meats and finally garnish to finish. Some say soft, others say crispy (classic gringo style I say!) So I order both! The soft taco was filled with mucho carnitas and mild salsa, thumb up!! Next was the crispy taco filled with my fav, beef tongue and a little shredded lettuce and hot sauce and your on the way to a happy tummy.
We've definitely trekked here late night for a bite after going to a bar. Sometimes we return to a bar afterwards. Cheap, filling, tasty burrito. Nothing more you can ask for.
Nothing epitomizes hole-in-the-wall dining quite like El Farolito. Located just off the questionable intersection of 24th and Mission it beckons you with the come-hither glow of its dingy, outdated yellow sign. "Come to me, my hungry...." it buzzes. (Or perhaps, a little more ghettoly, it seems to say "YOU KNOW YOU WANT SOME BOO!")Often-times there is a line out the door and if not, one is sure to form during some point of your visit. If you look at it optimistically, this can be a good thing as both first-timers and patrons alike may need some time making a selection.There is a lack of ambiance, but really...who are we kidding?! No one comes here for "ambiance". You come here for the sole purpose of consuming hearty, artery-clogging, foil-wrapped bundles of sheer bliss. Is there a chance you'll get mugged on the way there? Sure. Possibly catch something from merely sitting in one of their booths? Maybe. Do I care? No, not really.
Best burrito in SF. This is a controversial topic, but after trying all of the heavy hitters, I feel confident in the proclamation. This isn't just drunk eating - I come here sober, and would take my grandmother if I could convince her to get on a plane.After tasting many options on the menu, I've decided the strongest order is a carne asada super burrito with everything. The carne is some of the most flavorful steak I've ever had in a burrito. Be aware that they tend to go heavy on sour cream. I like an indulgent, borderline depraved burrito, so I don't see this as a problem.I don't care if La Taqueria uses no rice, it's just not as good. Nothing is. I should also add that the value is insane.
I had the Carne Burrito even though we ordered the Al Pastor Burrito minus points on the incorrect meat in my burrito bad...The Carne was okay but didn't wow me like some of the Mexican joints down here in SoCal and what up with the no black beans. After awhile i was over it. Next time give me some Al Pastor like i ordered. On a side note I hear the Suiza is the thing to get but i'm not a fan of cheese so sorry...
Delicious Mexican food, even more delicious after a night out at the bar. Huge portions for a decent price. I swear this is THE place to be after a couple of drinks. You probably won't find a table if you come anytime between 10pm and 3am on a Friday of Saturday. My favorites are their carne asada burrito with chips (don't forget the salsa!) and nachos!
This place is great! It's open late and pretty quick. The carne asada super burrito ($6.25, cash only) had avocado, sour cream, and salsa (skipped on the cheese and beans). It was delicious and perfect size for two people - I think the size is larger than Chipotle's burrito. The quesadilla was also very good. There's a lot of seating inside but it's usually crowded. The verde sauce is awesome. I want to come back and try the breakfast burrito. There's street parking. But beware, the neighborhood is kinda sketch.
This place has AWESOME carne asada super burritos! Just across the street from 24th/Mission BART station. Came here on a Thursday for an early dinner around 5 PM. Line was pretty short and service was very fast (received food in about 5 minutes). Try to look for clean tables as it may take them awhile to clean up when it's really busy. The carne asada was very juicy and went well with the customary rice/avocado/beans/sour cream/tomato/cilantro/onion/salsa. Chips were 50 cents and were nothing special, but the green salsa was out of this world! Voted by 7x7 as the best carne asada burrito in SF. One of the more expensive burritos around, but definitely worth every penny. I'll definitely be back for more!
Amazing chicken quesadilla, carne asada tacos and burrito. One suggestion would be to eat in, just because the food wrapped in tinfoil can get a little messy.
Well you heard the other Yelpers. Best burrito ever, hands down. I got the carnita super burrito. Beef's not really my thang...carnitas 4evr. It was cooked ever so perfectly, and came with rice, black beans, sour cream, avocado...y'know, everything a burrito should have. We were super lucky to find a table, it was so crowded! So be prepared to either take it to go or wait a bit for a table to open up. If you want Mission style burritos GO HERE.
Love turned to hate. I had El Farolito for dinner (instead of as a post-drunk meal) so my taste buds were on full alert and they were quite disappointed.First of all, the salsa is so salty its ridiculous. I can't even BELIEVE people eat that. It's basically just salty tomatoes. SUPER salty tomatoes. Second of all, everything is just salty. I tried the carne asada super burrito and yeah it was good at first but the more I ate it the more I realized that its quite whatever... and just salty.The shrimp quesadilla is stil my favorite but there's a running theme here. It's also very salty. So sad - thought I found a legit Mexican place in SF.
Carne Asada nachos were decadent and incredibly flavorful. Chicken super burrito was big, meaty, and elegant in its simplicity. The only place I want to eat in SF after 1AM.
**3.5 Stars**People hyped it up for me, and maybe that's why I was underwhelmed -- or maybe it was the homeless guy's dirty ass in full display as we stepped in line -- but El Farolito was only good when I was expecting AMAZING. I wasn't blown away even though I was hungry enough to eat the entire Super Suiza quesadilla myself. The BF got the Super Burrito and we shared an Horchata. First, the horchata was wayyyy too sweet and tasted powdery (we actually diluted it): minus one. The burrito, while good and I'm sure better if drunk, wasn't the best I've had: minus a half. That can be found down the street at Taqueria Cancun.
This is the most reviewed Mexican restaurant in San Fransisco?The place is filled with bugs. Fruit flies are everywhere, it is completely out of control. Its not clean. My 'steak' tacos tasted like the meat was something way more gamey, maybe donkey?? What a huge disappointment. I took 2 bites of my tacos, and couldn't finish the rest.
El Farolito is one of those one-in-a-million taquerias. Maybe not so much for the mission (you can get great Mexican anywhere in the mission), but definitely in general. My favorite thing to get is a soft shell El Pastor taco, although Carne Asada is also amazing. Great Salsa Verde, great burritos, and pretty fast service. They have a good drink menu as well, and with a location like 24th and Mission, its very easy to get to, bart is right next to it! When I see people going to the McDonald's accross the street, I shake my head, for maybe $1 more you could go to El Farolito and have some of the best Taqueria food in the world. They have a good Music box too!
These guys have of the best chicken quesadillas in the city. In general, everything I have tried here has been super tasty and the price is acceptable. They stay open until late hours, so it is really convenient to end your night here if you are out-and-about looking for some quality mexican food.
This is the best place ever. I have been a loyal fan since 1999 and will never frequent any other burrito spot. EVER. I always bring guest here to blow their taste buds. So fresh. So tasty.
As a native San Franciscan I am picky about my burritos. El Farolito did not disappoint! I had a super carnitas burrito and it was great. They even have cow tongue, cow brain, and cow head for the more adventurous eaters.
Very disappointed with this place.Food was just like what this rating says: "Meh. I've experienced better."It's cheap dining, and the food reflects that. Anything with a lot of greasy ingredients thrown together with salsa, or any hot sauce for that matter, will taste okay wrapped in a tortilla - especially if you were out drinking and needed to eat something late at nightIf the number of positive reviews makes you think that these guys are creating some very difficult to passby, fresh Mexican food, don't be fooled. They don't have fresh tortillas nor do they use top notch ingredients. They are not going for that and you can see that in their prices. If you want very good, fresh Mexican food, this place is not it. I probably won't be going back unless I am in the area and I am craving a late night snack.
Overrated. Just stick to a burrito or tacos.
Does what it says on the tin.I usually go here after a night out, or if I'm in the area and have the late night munchies, but on occasion I have gone during the day for lunch. That being said, the quality is consistent, good, tasty, and dependable. I have never had a bad meal here. The meat is very nice, and they don't get all fancy with extra add-ons and whatnot. You want the super burrito, they'll go ahead and add everything you would expect in it.This is about as authentic as you will get for a taqueria, which says quite a bit for a taqueria that's been around the mission for such a long time.
El Farolito won the approval of a Mexican friend who lives in Texas near the border. Nuf said.
Once I knew I was coming to SF I knew I had to visit El Farolito. Then when my Bro in law suggested it- it was meant to be.Went with my wife, bro in law and his girl. Line was out the door but still within reasonable time. waited about 20 minutes. This place is small so seating is limited. Once we ordered we found a table and sat down. We were getting funny stares but I'm sure it was because we were in fully LA dodger gear. The neighborhood is a little sketchy but nothing too bad.I ordered the super quesadilla suiza de Al pastor and the wife has tacos. My quesadilla was delicious! The tacos were great also. I would highly recommend you get the super quesadilla because it's a local creation, the rest you can get anywhere else..I would stay away from the Al pastor even though it was very tasty its super greasy! Just get the asada.Next time we are in SF, we are definitely coming back to El Farolito
I know, what can you say about a place with 2000+ reviews that has not been said? Well, when I was in line I struck up a conversation with what turns out to be an alien from another star system. Evidently, there is an interstellar app for Yelp, and yes he had an iPhone 27. It's 1/16th inch thin and fold able and has 2 light years range on it.Anyway, he read the interstellar Yelp reviews and wanted to try the Al Pastor tacos. He ordered 3 and eat them with his ear. It looked a little disgusting. I had 2 tacos and agreed with him that they were excellent.Remember to wear your aluminum foil hats when you eat at El Farolito ( they keep your brain waves private), they may even give you the interstellar discount if you tell them Argulattix from Alpha Prime sent you.
I love El Farolito. One of my favorite hole in the walls on the Mission. Best Mexican for sure! CASH ONLY FOLKS!Amazing Quesadilla Suiza and the Green Salsa is my favorite in da bay. It is always packed and after a trip to da club you are probably gonna have to wait in a long line to get your Mexican fix (it is worth the wait)PS- I like that there is a sink and soap dispenser outside the bathroom, even if they never have paper towels you gotta love the encouraged hand sanitation station!
The Alambres is awesome. If you haven't; try it. It's a big plate of carne asada and bacon with beans, rice, avocado, lettuce, tomato and cheese.. I'm a big guy and only ate half so expect leftovers!
Heard a lot about this place as a must-try and was kinda disappointed. I got the carne asada super burrito that was recommended and, granted, it was good and the burrito was MASSIVE, but I was underwhelmed and I don't think it was worth the trip.
Great burrito. But these people are fing retards. I have been going for years, and they claimed, falsely, that I hadn't paid for chip 3 times ago. The last two time I have gotten beef in my veggie burritos. The salsa is awesome, the people who work here are fucking retarded. Be wary.
damn good burrito
This place is bomb!!My friend recently moved to the Mission and after a night of drinking, we came here for a late night snack. ZOMGG, this place is beyond amazing. I ordered a carne asada quesadilla and it was delicious. Everything about the quesadilla hit the spot! I came back 6 months later, ordered the burrito and it was delishhhh! It's such a shame that I live soooo far way from this place. I would come here every week if I could!
I'm surprised I haven't yet reviewed El Farolito. I discovered this place several years ago and still visit it to this day. I'm afraid of trying any other place in the Mission for fear it won't compare to my beloved El Farolito.I always order their super veggie burrito, which comes with rice, beans, and all the fixings. I can assure you it tastes equally good whether you're intoxicated or sober. ;)
Fantastic classic Mission style super burrito. The super burrito does not include a skin-tight spandex outfit with a cape, but rather includes guac, sour cream, etc along with rice, beans and protein. I had the carne asada which is chopped into small pieces, but the whole thing is excellent and a great value. It's not a beautiful area, so be smart at night, but I had no issues being there at noon before I hit the BART to SFO on my way out of town. If you're savvy enough to handle big city streets at night you'll be fine.
This is the first taqueria I ever went to in San Francisco, and it also happens to be my favourite. You get a ton of food for what you are paying for, and it is good...totally worth the line up out the door! Expect to have leftovers, unless you are very drunk and unaware of your limits; the burritos are the size of a small baby, and the nachos are so heavy, you may have to carry the box with two hands.Everything I've ever gotten here has been good; my favourites being the carne asada super burrito, chicken nachos, super quesadilla suiza or, if I'm feeling particularly healthy, a veggie super burrito. They are open late, so your late-night after closing time cravings can be satisfied. Just make sure you bring cash. They have things on the menu like cow tongue and cow brain for the more adventurous eaters, but I can't attest to having tried either. I no longer live in San Francisco, but this will be my first stop off the plane when I am back for a visit.
The gold standard taqueria, where portions, price, and flavor are all just right and totally satisfying
This is near my old high school back then. You can take the muni, either 29 or 14 right down on Mission St.I love their super burritos. The super nachos are huge! They give you a lot in the burritos and super nachos. Yet I never really tried anything else in the menu, the super burrito (steak) is super delicious and is a must try! They also come with chips and salsa like most burrito places. Burritos. go get itttt
(+)- shrimp quesadilla- fast service- huge portions(-)- cash onlyThis place is kind of small and doesn't look like much but of the two times ive been there its always been packed. Inside is not that big, but have always been able to find a spot to sit. Only had the shrimp quesadilla here because its so damn good.This past visit we got there around 2amish and the line was out the door but not too bad, and was moving along quickly. I ordered two shrimp quesadillas for me and my friends, total was about 18 bucks which I thought was kind of expensive... almost 10 bucks for one! Guess thats the cost to get a taste of their delicious juicy shrimp. Food goes great with their green sauce. Portions are also huge, half the quesadilla is already super filling for me so its good for sharing. Got my food within 10 minutes or less of ordering, when we wanted napkins the guy brought it over to us immediately. Both times I walked up to ask to wrap up my quesadilla to go, the guy did it quick status. Fast service.Great place for drunk munchies. Definitely will be back, must try other menu items!
Best Mexican I've had in the city. Amazing salsa. The tacos were IMMENSE and overloaded, making up for the fact that it was a bit on the expensive side. I didn't like the sesos tacos myself, but I haven't tried them that many other places. I loved the tripas though, if you're into intestine.
Best burritos in the City. There's always a line that stretches out the door, even though you can get slammin' Mexican food all along Mission street. Dinky little place with sketchtastic clientele squatting on the sticky tables sometimes, but hey, the eatin's good, so don't bitch. Huge heaps of meat just grilling away all day long, and no matter what you order, you'll get a lot of it. Chicken is nicely flavored here, so I usually get that. Salsa station is a little scary sometimes, since you see how often people drop their mini-cups into it and spend some time scrounging around in their with their grubby little hands. It'll only make you stronger, I suppose. Or kill you. Thank you, Nietzsche.Tip: Tell them to go light on the sour cream since the cook likes to just ladle that stuff on.
This is as good as mexican burriteatery gets. No other place comes close. I remember going to El Farolito many years ago to the location closer to CCSF mission and Ocean ? That other place over years gotten worse, BUT the place on 24th st and mission ROCKS! Awesome its like taking time machine to the years when burritos were huge, when avacados were in every bite, when chips and salsa were as good as they are still in El Farolito on 24th. The staff are super friendly, nice, simple people and I'm happy to go to a place like that. Time machine, why can't you work for other things too.... The El Farolito on 24th is awesome, an not just because it takes me back like 10-15 years.. but because its still so good like it was a decade ago..
Since my arrival in San Francisco, I've been quite partial about Mexican food in the northern half of the state.That is, until came to El Faralito.The seasoned, weathered joint in the Mission district has answered my call for a decent Mexican meal. I was beginning to think that Chipotle was putting up the best beneath-the-border bite in San Francisco. Though the place is a bit grungy, this book is much better than it's cover.No pinatas. No tacky flourescent paintings of an Aztec past. Just decent Mexican food at prices I haven't seen since the 90s. The Quesadilla Suiza, of marinated beef, avocado, and cheese is definitely El Faralito's shining star. I also had the Asada super burrito, which was a trustworthy burrito as big as my forearm.If you happen to be in San Francisco's mission district, stop by and give it a try.
Best taco place ever! The meat is cooked excellently like no other place, and the tacos here are OVERSTUFFED with meat, at other places it takes me 6 or 7 tacos to get full, but here it only takes three! Even though the tacos run for $2.50 each, you get what you paid for cuz they're huge! The only thing is that seating is limited. But other than that excellent taco place!
our first apartment in SF was a block away years ago but we never went here.I don't remember going here for the first time but I've been going to this place forever whenever me and hubby are craving for good mexican food.apparently this place has been open for so long... my MIL got engaged here! the place is small, it doesn't look that prestine but the food would just make you forget which hood you are at.the service was never bad whenever we come here.their food is consistently good.its just funny because whenever I come in to eat, I try to buy R&Bsh songs from the jukebox ... then people around me would look at me and almost say... what the heck??  what?? I paid for the song ok?
Pros: A solid, tasty burrito. Good options for vegetarians. Open super late for midnight munchies.Cons: My first visit left a bad impression. They lost my order ticket, and despite my checking with them 2 times they took close to 30 minutes to give me my food! And even then, they gave me the wrong burrito! I'm hoping it was just a one time thing, but I've never had that happen at any taqueria before. Just be wary if there's a long line - and if you suspect they lost your order, pipe up!
I got the Super Veggie burrito. It was so delicious and yummy. I can't believe it. The addition of avocado made it a huge winner in my book! The creamy texture of that in the burrito = awesome. This also was dinner + later snack (I couldn't finish it in one go!). :) Well worth the prices and the wait.
El Farolito - you let me down a 'lito'. I think I should have been drunk for this experience... this is never a good way to start a foodie review. My quest to complete the 7x7 100 things to try before you die list continues! Daniel N. and I were on our way to San Jose to v1.0's birthday and wanted to grab a quick dinner before we got on the road. I had very high expectations for the BEST Mexican food I could imagine. Can you guess how the experienced resulted in... a little bit of disappointment? Parking was annoying... there simply was none. The line wasn't too bad but we definitely beat the crowd... we turned around and the line was out the door. The food took a while because everyone and their mom was there, literally. We ordered the super burrito, crispy taco and soft taco - all with the Carne Asada. And the end result, bland-ish meat, weird iceberg lettuce on the crispy taco, and old, oily chips. The plus... the refreshing strawberry juice beverage. I'll be back, maybe in 6 months to give this place a try again. This time, I will paint the town red, before I come to El Farolito!
Holy burrito! I can't believe I waited 26 years of life before I ventured over to El Farolito for a proper San Franciscan burrito. Yes that is a subcategory of burrito. Just ask Wikipedia. Gordo's in Inner Sunset is a great burrito too, don't get me wrong. I grew up on Gordo's. But the al pastor super burrito at El Faro (yes, we're THAT close) is just mind-blowingly tasty. The flavors are spot on, with the hints of pineapple without venturing into too sweet or too artificial. The carne asada burrito is also really good, but it's not the secret weapon that El Faro has to beat out the rest of the good SF burritos around town. Plus I love their salsa bar - the salsa verde and the whole pickled jalapenos make every bite of my burrito delicious.I've been trying to settle the whole SF vs LA Mexican scene with my boyfriend for years now, and I can't wait until he comes up here next so that I can shut him up for good!
1pm on the way to Tahoe, but we're so hungry...what do we do?! To El Farolito! I'll be honest, I had never been before till that very moment. Yeah ridiculous right?! My sister and our common friends are constantly ranting about this place. Even the guy who rented them their boarding gear said "that place is the sh-t" as we mentioned possible food breaks (yes..within the city haha). First things first, be careful when looking for it because around the corner is a place with a VERY similar sign-tricky taqueria!As we turned the corner to walk into the store we saw a good sign- a long line of hungry looking customers, even better-it was moving quite quickly! We waited about 5ish minutes and were able to order; at that point my sensation of smell was going crazy and I could barely decide on one thing to order. In the end iur car got, a chorizo burrito, two carne asada burritos and a super quesadilla suiza w/ carnitas. Let me just say that the chorizo burrito was amazing. The sausage was cooked to the point of near perfection that allowed the flavors to infuse throughout the burrito. For such low prices I can't wait to chisle the rest of the menu down. If any of you have personal favorites, please let me know so I can try them! The 2ish hour car ride up was probably the most delicious smelling ride I've ever been on. Can't wait for the next round!
The carne asada burrito was pretty good! But I wasn't a fan of their chips and salsa.
Not the best burrito I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good. I guess I expected it to be amazing and it was just okay. Don't get me wrong, it was an enjoyable burrito but the hype definitely didn't help its case.
Obviously this place has a great following witnesses by the long line we saw at lunch time, but I've tasted better. But the salsa was pretty yummy.
Good but not 5-star amazing. I got what people raved about: the Super Quesadilla Suiza and the Carne Asada Burrito. The best thing about this place is that it's open until 4 a.m. on weekends and late night is usually when you're hungriest so this place satisfies.I've had food at hole-in-wall Mexican joints that still have delicious meats; flavorful, well-marinated, and cooked perfectly. But here it's just normal and kind of tough. But I do love how they put fresh avocados in a lot of the items! Also, I liked the red sauce/salsa. It has a good kick and is just overall very tasty.The seating can be pretty limited if you go during a busy time but people usually eat fast. Cash only!
Are you drunk? Do you want a burrito? SAY NO MORE, MY BRO-RITO. We've already established that you're drunk, so you won't mind waiting in line during the wee hours of the morn, similarly, you'll hardly notice when some sloppy sally bumps into you so hard that your tiny dish of salsa bites the dust. Despite all the chaos, El Farolito at night times is well worth the trip. Giant, cheap burritos. Happy, hungry people.Tip: Try ordering it 'mojado' next time. (then ready yourself for a child's pillow-sized burrito covered in salsa juice)
This is the only Mexican restaurant that I will ever go to in sf. I don't care that it has hole in the wall decor or that the tables are stained with salsa bits and hot sauce. It doesn't bother me that it's always crowded no matter what time of day it is. It also doesn't matter that the menu has become bastardised with vegetarian options. The food is delicious and the staff are polite and friendly.
Really good food, especially the steak super burrito, but minus 2 stars for forgetting my 2 tacos and not being able to communicate in English or rectify the issue.
Everything about the food was amazing!!! Quick service. Grew up in Cali my entire life and I've had plenty of burritos but this place probably has topped the burrito standard! However, the place is very busy and crowded. Prepare yourself for small tables, narrow walkways, and the smell of urine right outside of the door. The place does remind me of restaurants in Tijuana. You might just have to order the food to go.... Other than that... You'll enjoy the mind blowing delicious authentic Mexican food!!!
Y'all are only saying this place is the best because it's open until 4AM. Be honest.Solid joint, no doubt, but, c'mon... there's better taquerias in the city.
The burritos are ENORMOUS like the size of a cat. Flavorful. The place itself is a total dive. Parking is horrible. Best place to go after you've been drinking at hipster bars in the Mission. Just be careful after midnight and don't get shanked!
Whether it's 1pm or 2am, El Farolito can't be beat for a tasty, cheap-ass burrito in SF.I first visited El Farlito years ago late at night, when I was living in Berkeley, partying in the mission, and drunkenly eating burritos prior to catching the last Bart train home. Years later, in sf, a friend reintroduced me to the taqueria I'd long forgotten. Sober. It was like rediscovering an old friend.Now, no matter what state I'm in, I know el Farolito will be there for me, with delicious, belly-filling burritos of all kinds, to indulge in as I partake in their, er, colorful booths and similar cast of chacters. As long as I bring cash!
Best burrito in SF I've tried. I can go there every week if the mission district were a bit closer.
I haven't had tacos this good outside of Mexico - ever. They taste "right" - the carne asada tacos are similar to tacos arrachera in DF. Really really good. The service is very quick, and they are really friendly too. I like it so much I've literally left the SFO airport to come to Farolito for a meal in between flights. *the best*
Yup - this is the stuff of legends - cheap, Mexican fare in heart of Mission - food is outstanding and it is hard to go wrong - chicken is marinated for days prior to cooking as well as the beef - my goto is Quesidilla Suiza with grilled chicken, plus cilantro, jalapeno and onion and extra cheese - YUMMY!!!
Apparently to make a list on Yelp, you have had to review a place, so here I go...Classic hole-in-the-wall (yet a chain...if you can wrap your head around that) burrito joint. The tacos are just as good and are miniature versions, but their al pastor is unparalleled. $6 and you get an awesome burrito loaded.The neighborhood is sketch and so are the people (umm...it's the Mission, duh) but on clubbing nights, all sorts of people are out so that's probably the safest time to go. I wouldn't recommend going solo (guy or gal) unless it's still light outside.Parking is all street so just be careful where you park and LOCK YOUR CAR. Actually, just put it in "showroom" mode where nothing is visible and it doesn't appear that you own anything.This location does in fact have a bathroom, but it's all the way in the back and almost always occupied, so go somewhere else before coming here. I was a little worried a while back when I saw they got a really low sanitation rating, but it's since improved...although that didn't stop anyone really.Also, beat the post-club rush otherwise, it'll be chilly, and you'll be surrounded by a bunch of inebriates in a dangerous part of town.Grab some green sauce on your way to boogie out of there and enjoy.
When people ask me where my favorite Mission burrito is, I cite this place.  (A friend told me once about a burrito competition they had and that El Farolito came out on top)It meets any need you might imagine there being for Mexican food in this area:-Excellent price/quantity value. I think it's possibly the cheapest per-pound restaurant food I've ever had.-Variety of deliciously seasoned meats. Particularly like the carne asada, al pastor and shredded chicken-Super burritos come with fresh avocado. Yum.-Salsa bar! So delicious-Very late hours for that post-bar snack-Early hours for that pre-park lunch pickupMy biggest discovery during my most recent visit was the strawberry agua fresca. So fresh! (And so cheap! $1.50 for a huge glass, I had two.)In any case, it turns out 1900 reviews and 4.5 stars don't lie. Next time you're in the neighborhood, be sure to check the place out.
By the sheer # of reviews you know you will only be hurting yourself by not running to El Farolito. I won't delve too much in to the details but you go here knowing full well you're going to get some of the best Mexican food you'll ever have at a price point that is reasonable for any city (yet alone SF). The tacos I indulged in included the Barbacoa, Lengua, and Carnita all alongside a mexican sugar-filled coke. My first bite was the carnita and I could immediately surmise it was one of if not the best carnita taco I had ever tasted. Then came the Lengua... the best Lengua taco I've ever had period. I didn't think I had room to even attempt the Barbacoa and figured I'd have a bite or two. My plan didn't work as that Barbacoa taco was aburdly good. I didn't realize Mexican food could be this good. Unfortunately, now I have a new national favorite and a new future comparison point for which every taco will be judged. While I can't say I've eaten mexican in Mexico City... I can say I've traveled extensively through out the entirity of the southern US and this place is legit. Hit it up. You won't regret one bite.
The Best Mexican Food!!! I don't know how they do it, but its incredible!! They Win!
Yeah, yeah, invented the Mission style burrito, sure. It is a perfectly good burrito for very cheap. The problem is it is packed with aggressive homeless people & aggressive fratty tech kids. If you can get in & get out, go for it, but the whole thing is just an unpleasant experience.
"5 stars for inventing the Chille Relleno Super Burrito"I dont actually know that EF invented the stuffed pepper super burrito, but i do know that its absolutely DELICIOUS. So delicious in fact - that if i could - i would walk into the kitchen - and give the chef 5 stars for creating it. But i cant. All i can do is come to yelp and rate the restaurant as a whole. So here it is my faithful readers, if you're looking for a good burrito, and ESPECIALLY if you've never had a stuffed thing filled with other stuffed things - make haste - to El Farolito and do yourself a favor by getting Super Burrito de Chille Relleno.
Oh man! This is a burrito! We hit it at the perfect time. No line. It had been so long since I last had Chorizo. I like most of the new fastfood burrito chains, but nothing is like El Farolito. A giant densely delicious log of nutrients. Right next to the BART station too. I could see myself popping into the city just for this and then heading back out.I think I also ate here like ten years ago and it hasn't changed.
The super was awesome! Fresh and packed with flavor!
I have had this place suggested to me by fellow San Diego expats such as Ruggy J. and Joshua K. as well as my sister-in-law who have been in search of that SD style, holy grail of burritos and have never quite found it. Most people eventually settle and rate this place superlatively with 5 stars. I, on the other hand, have not lived here long enough to adjust my standards. Sorry folks, it may be among the best of the best in the region, but would probably be just average in SD. that being said, I slightly prefer this location to the outer mission location by my house. So far, I have had the Al Pastor, Pollo Asado, Chicken, Carne Asada, and Carnitas in burritos, tacos, and quesadillas. All were good, but nothing amazing. They carne asada was the weakest link, aside from the chicken, in my opinion, but I am a tough critic when it comes to the stuff. I never order chicken burritos because you always get that weird boiled chicken in tomato-y sauce that tastes nasty. There's was just very bland and dry. The pollo asado is delicious though. The carnitas are actually really good too. Al pastor is one of the more difficult items to mess up and they did not, which speaks to their legitimacy. I prefer burritos personally, but their all meat offerings are very small. They literally just take out the rice and beans (I've compared the sizes), but I believe they charge more. Shouldn't I get more meat in there if I get charged more? Whether or not they charge more though, I just think that the all meat option should be a more reasonable option for those of us who are not accustomed to all this filler in our burritos. Anyway, this is definitely the late-night go-to spot, despite the long and drunken lines.
Thanks El Farolito. You've completely ruined burritos for me. Now that I'm back home in Toronto my favourite burrito places pale in comparison to your legendary Super Burrito.For the ridiculously low price of $5.45 I got a Super Burrito with Al Pastor. This thing is massive; I'm a big eater and I could barely finish it. The flavours are mindblowing and completely different than what I'm used to with Toronto burritos. The self serve salsa sation at the far end of the counter is awesome.One of the best meals on my SF trip!
I DIE. When I discovered this place after moving from San Diego, I thought that I struck gold. Man, their burritos hit the spot sooooooo hard. All of the ingredients are fresh and proportional to the size of the tortilla, which is massive. The carne asada is definitely the best, in my opinion. Although the al pastor and chicken are delicious too. I prefer to order super burritos, just to get all the extra good stuff, but I ask for no rice so they usually give me extra meat instead! I'll take it! Super friendly staff. Always a line. But you can head over to Dolores to chill on the grass and prepare for the food coma that is about to ensue.
First time or millionth time in San Francisco? You have to go to the Mission District for great Mexican food. I came to EL FAROLITA and ordered a CARNE ASADA BURRITO with a JAMAICA. Best. Burrito. Ever.The line moves fast, the staff is very welcoming, the prices are fair, and most importantly, the food is delicious! Don't go to a fancy sit down Mexican restaurant; come here, to El Farolito--a small, hole-in-the-wall that serves up great food!
Great food the super shrimp burrito are delicious
I love how El Farolito is a hole in the wall. I also love how their food is made to order. That's how you know you're getting good stuff, and know that your food will still be super hot as you're biting into it. We got the super shrimp burrito and the super chili burrito and both were good in their own ways. The chili one was oozing with cheesy goodness, and the shrimp one had a very generous portion of shrimp (hence, a $7 burrito). We left feeling stuffed and satisfied, and wanting to go back again.Definitely a solid burrito, and a nice change after coming from NYC (where the best burrito is sadly, Chipotle).
I went to school in San Diego and every time I stay out past midnight a little part of me dies because I can't easily access a Mexican joint and order Carne Asada fries or a California burrito without worrying if it'll taste like shit.BUT. El Farolito almost does it for me. been here several times, and the most recent time i ate two tacos and finished my friend's burrito while he wasn't looking. Thanks El Farolito! Also, if there is ever a(nother) riot in the Mission, please spare this place!
Philly Cheesesteak, Chicago Deep Dish, NY Slice, DC Half-smoke.. It's a good time going to a place and having the junk food it's known for and this was the Mission Burrito spot with the most stars.The salsa bar was awesome, though it might not do any favors for their health code rating.. Very spicy verde and a chunky red that I could have made a meal out of on their own. Also, huge grilled jalapenos in oil/vinegar that were mild enough to eat straight up.Maybe the burrito itself was a bit of a letdown, but there was certainly a lot of it and it was dense as a brick. Could def see facing on after a late night out.I weigh maybe a buck seventy, but I've always been a fat bastard at heart. With this in mind, I also ordered the Quesadilla Para Dos. As you are likely a resident of CA, I hope I don't have to translate.. "Para Dos" is something of a misnomer.. the Tortillas themselves were roughly the circumference of a child's bike tire, spilling over two groaning plates and filled with avocado, sour cream, meat, etc. A good portion of my meal was spent seriously musing over whether they had to use flattened shovels in place of spatulas to flip them.For under twenty bucks I had a meal that stuff two, left plenty over for four after club snackers, and even an early morning poaching before throwing the remainder away.
Great place for Mexican. There are a few around the city. Super busy. I had tongue tacos, party had tortas and carne asada burritos. Everyone loved it. I love tongue when it is cooked right. My favorite type of establishment where you need to get in and get out. Especially busy during Sunday Streets. Can't wait to go back.
The al pastor burrito is REALLY good. Of course, that's not the one I picked, but I did get a few bites off my brother's. I got the lengua, which was good, but average. Too much stuff packed in the burrito drowned out the delicacy of the meat. The carne asada was nothing to write home about. But seriously, the al pastor is worth popping in here for.
I had a burrito and the chicken way too salty. I've had a lot of people recommend this place, and I might just give it another shot, but fairly disappointed.
Legendary taqueria in SF. I love the quesadillas. At least before I adopted a paleo diet lol. Greasy Mexican food ftw!
Best Mexican FOOD EVER ON EARTH!!!the prices are cheap and the food is amazing. Quesadilla is amazing, you can taste the melted cheese, meat.... it's out of this world!
Really great food, and the lines, while long, are super fast. First time I had the quesadilla suiza, which was AMAZING. Recently tried the Super Carne Asada burrito from the 7x7 list, and it was great. I took a bite out of the tongue and shrimp burrito, and it was SO GOOD. The shrimp and all seafood here, is really fresh and everything is prepared perfectly. Definitely a must do if you're in this area of the mission.
Do not even get me started with this place! I seriously hold a dear place in my heart for El Farolito. That's how much I love this place! I always share the super shrimp and steak burrito with my boyfriend. It is the best thing to get, well it's really the only thing I've had on the menu besides the carne asada tacos. I get one of those when I'm feeling extra hungry and a fatass to accompany my burrito half. Their green salsa is the BEST on top of the burrito...or anything actually. This will be my first visit when I am back in the city!
Best burrito since I grew up in So Cal. It IS a dive but good. Used to go to the place on Valencia featured on Man vs Food...but after the first time the meat was always pre cooked and the burritos cold. NOT SO HERE...El Farolito is the real deal. HUGE burritos (3 meals for me). I'd go back in a second.
El Farolito is known around town for being the best taqueria, period. They've definitely cornered the market, and for good reason.The ambiance is typical, so don't expect much of anything there. What's great is the menu, the fast service, and the fact that they're open until 3:30am. But don't take that last point to mean you have to be wasted to enjoy the food. It's really quality no matter what.I've been here ~20 times since moving to the city a year and a half ago and tried quite a few things. My suggestion is to start with their burritos, but don't be afraid to branch out because the rest is superb too. The quesadilla suiza is especially tasty.Why 4 stars instead of 5? I've had a couple experiences that left a bad taste in my mouth (literally). Once I got takeout and found the carne asada rubbery and then under-cooked halfway through. Not sure what happened there but I was nowhere nearby and had no option but to chuck it. The other time, my vegetarian friend found herself eating chicken (though the wrapper was marked vegetarian). That was quite likely an honest mix-up on their part, but beware...Still, they've redeemed themselves many times over and I had a great experience there just last night. It's a must if you've never been.Don't worry about the line, either, because it's worth it.
Yelping around to see what the best place to get spanish food was, I discovered El Farolito. i was around the area so I stopped by to check it out. It was a little hole in the wall offering a great variety of burritos, tacos and much more. I got the carne asada burrito and it was huge!! The meat was very tender. Don't forget to add guacamole and salsa to your burrito for more flavor!!
Definitely a place to stop by to grab a burrito!My favorite one is the super Al Pastor burrito! It's a bit greasy though, but its definitely one of the more flavor meats! The steak meat is pretty good too, but I prefer the Al Pastor more. I've tried the cow tongue before since a friend of mine got it... wasn't a big fan of it. You expect a tongue to be pretty chewy since it's a muscle... but no it was kind of soggy. it wasn't because of El Farlito since I ordered somewhere else before and the texture was the same. Other than that, their burritos are spot on! And they're HUGE for what you pay. The fresca juices are awesome too! The salsa bar is okay, it took some getting used to since I used to frequent this other taqueria that made the BEST salsa but they went out of business due to the other zillion taquerias in the mission! But their salsa here is decent, not horrible, but not something I'd slap my friend for! haha.Regardless, definitely worth trying! Line can get long, they do call in's and you can pick it up if you want to avoid the wait!
Every time I come here I get the carne asada super burrito and every time it has been delicious. I can never finish it in one sitting because it's so big. It still tastes good the next day. And it has big chunks of fresh avocado. And this place is open late, till 3 or 4 in the morning, depending on the day of week, so it's perfect for stopping by after late night shenanigans!
Great place to have a big fat burrito for less than $7. Well, that is the super burrito. Why order a regular when you can have leftover with a super. We tried the pollo, chorizo, carne asada, carnitas... no complaints here... just roll us out of here... Bring CASH only... lines move fast, guys are nice, gave me free chips... yay!
Best mexican place in the mission. Hands down. No real need to say anything else. If you go elsewhere, you risk getting really crappy mexican food.The prices are very reasonable. I usually stick with super burrito or nachos. I am not a big fan of their carna asada meat. I really like their grilled chicken (make sure you ask for grilled chicken vs. regular chicken). Their al pastor (pork) is pretty good too.Next on my list is to try their quesadilla suiza. Every time I see someone with one of those, my mouth salivates.
I've been holding an ongoing poll among my friends to determine the best taqueria in the mission, and El Farolito is consistently in the top three. Something about the absurd size of the burritos, low price and convenient location seems to overwhelm most competitors.In my opinion, there is better Mexican in the area by quality, but not by quantity. If you're the type who likes to ingest a couple pounds of food and then collapse on a couch for the next couple hours, this is the place for you.Burritos are all very tasty and easy choices (just beware of the size!), quesadillas are well done and cheap, and I have it on good authority that the veggie burritos are pretty kickass as well.
You know you're in for a treat when the line is OUT the door at 8:30p on a Saturday night, and a group of Asian tourists has roped a Security Guard into taking their photo outside the place. Way to go El Farolito! I seriously think if this place was closer to home (the Marina) I'd eat here weekly, if not daily. I ordered the Super Carne Asada burrito- sans the sour cream. My mouth just orgasmed. Seriously. Add some of their amazing salsa (green or red) on top- and I swear you'll fall in love. Can't wait to come back and try the Shrimp Super burrito!
Best Mexican food I've ever eaten! I ordered the burrito with shrimp which was simply to die for! The nachos supreme is also killer!
It was good, but it didn't give me the WOW factor. Too bad. I think too many people hyped it up for me.Carne Asada [4 fo 5] - Of course, huge and tasty. And had a lot of fresh guacamole. I liked that the most.Carnitas [3 of 5] - Very good. But in comparison, the Carne Asada is much tastier in meat flavor. They have small salsa bar, but it is all you can grab. That's good.Next time, I want to try the other locations and see if the food tastes the same. I am willing to try more. Maybe the one outside of the city at 94 Grand AveSouth San Francisco, CA 94080.
Hit one of my all time favorites today. I have been coming here for 20 years and am never disappointed. Neither the food nor the decor has changed much in 20 years. Authentic and delicious!!!!
Finally got around to trying the chili rellenos burrito and omfg! DO IT.
This place is definitely on par with some of the great mexican places in SoCal. Gritty, busy, quick, and so good. I actually preferred their burritos over their tacos. Best carne asada ive had in San Francisco, it was very flavorful and tender. Pros: Convenient location, just by 24th St BART stationGreat portions! The super burrito was jam packed with carne asada and fresh avocado-couldn't finish itSuper quesidilla Suiza: I recommend carne asada over chicken. The chicken can be a little bland in comparison to the beef. Horchata: SO GOOD!!! So much spices and its more grainy and it definitely taste more authentic than the water-down stuff ive had before. Cons: SUPER NARROW. Like the salsa bar was so crowded because its right by the register and you need like at least 4-5 salsa things but you can only carry 3 at a time...Take out is inconvenient. All they do it wrap everything in foil, everything was a leaky mess Chips are so disappointing! Its just regular chips you buy at costcoWish they had a spicier hot sauce
This burrito cost me $62. Do I regret it? No way Jose!Literally two seconds into the city SN (birthday trip partner extraordinaire) and I were standing in line at this crazy burrito joint. It's long and thin and a little claustrophobic. I was constantly in someone's way. -sigh, shuffle, sorry-We ordered the carne asada super burrito. And we were happy to share. Just to give SN a lengua sample we ordered one soft taco. The wait was only seven minutes or so. The staff was fast and really knew what was up. They had us in and out of there in a jiffy. Since it was the lunch hour there was no seating in this skinny restaurant. No problem! We pulled out the blanket from my car and sat on the ground. Yes, that totally happened. Our burrito was more than enough for two people. Humongous burrito alert!! It was very, very good. And extremely fattening. The flavors are so fatty that towards the end of even just the half burrito it becomes a little overwhelming and you start to feel weighed down. I'm glad we shared. The lengua was good, not amazing but good. It had lots of spices on it so there was a bit of a kick. I wished we had gotten an horchata at that point. The prices were reasonable. It was about $7 for our two items. The other $55 you ask? Oh, that was from the lovely parking ticket I procured while standing in line. Parking ticket bummer. Giant Burrito Win!!
As a YELPer, there are some reviews that you write because (1) you know you should write them by default (e.g., you just ate there so why not), (2) you want to increase the number of your reviews, (3) you want to share something about the venue with everyone, or (4) you have spare time at work/school so why not give your two cents.And then there are those YELP reviews written because you had a food-perception/food-altering experience for the better (or worse) and you feel compelled and motivated (and you're excited/passionate) to announce your foodie epiphany to the cyber world. It's like, "I MUST write about this experience! The world has to know about this place and, because of my thoughts, people will be forever changed."Well, this review is the latter. :) I had an AMAZING experience at El Farolito. During (and after) my meal, I kept saying, "This is going on my YELP review." That's how eager I was to YELP about this place. (And, those who know me know that I don't generally crave Mexican food, and Mexican food rarely wows me unless its stellar.)Well, El Farolito is STELLAR. Totally changed my life because now I love Mexican food from El Farolito. Here's the 411:1) Carnitas Super Burrito (5/5): The carnitas is moist, juicy and succulent. YUM. It makes my mouth water just thinking about that generous helping of salty, marinated pork that melts in your mouth. Coupled with the sour cream, an ultra-creamy avocado (what do they do to their avocados? is it guac? it's SO freakn good) and beans, this burrito is absolutely delicious. I think it's $6.25 for a Super Burrito, and I saw a ton of bf/gf couples splitting it and being quite content on the size/amount of food in the Super Burrito. 2) Salsa Bar (4/5): Fresh tomatoes, various level of spice and plentiful, well-stocked salsas make El Farolito's salsa bar yummy. 3) Chips ($.50): Too bad chips don't come with the meal (like at Papalote), but it's still good and cheap.4) Venue: A Lil' Ghetto but Endearing (2/5): I saw people who just came from the opera, college couples out for a late night snack, people wasted from a wild night in SF, super ghetttooo people, young working professionals, yuppies and hipsters dining at El Farolito. If you don't mind the crowd (and the various people), then this place is solid. Yes it gets dirty (there are literally a ton of people in the restaurant. It's not that big and, given that many people are drunk, the place can get messy. But the workers do try to sweep up the spilled salsas, chips and jalapenos and they try to clean off the tables.) If you don't mind a little bit of grunge, then eat here! The kitchen totally looks clean, so don't worry. :)5) Open till 4 a.m.? YES. How convenient-- just perfect to feed my late night snack cravings and (drunken) appetite. :) 6) The wait for our burritos was about 15 minutes. The line was out the door! It's well worth the wait. This place totally puts SF on the map for good Mexican food. 7) Late Night Music (4/5): I don't know if they have a guitarist playing every evening, but they had one on Saturday and he sang really sweet, upbeat songs. I didn't understand one word, but I really enjoyed it. It added to the whole experience, you know?
This place is just a real, no bullshit taqueria. Cheap as hell and the tacos are just wild.
Cheap and delicious! Be forewarned, they don't have heat, so if you're not dressed when it's cold out and you decide to eat there, you will be cold in here!  Limited seating, but it seems most people get their food and go.Tasty food, large portions, and great prices! Conveniently located by BART!
We really wanted to love this place especially after reading all the great reviews. This is really a fast food Mexican place which we're fine with, if only it were cleaner.The line was long but we were willing to wait. We ordered the carne asada burrito, chicken enchilada and carne asada quesadilla. We nabbed a table, got our salsas at the semi-clean salsa self serve station and got the food after a bit of a wait. Good thing is that portions were huge and the prices pretty cheap. Our biggest qualm is that that everything was greasy and heavy and the carne asada was dry.August is cold too in the bay so make sure you are dressed warmly as the door stays open the whole time due to the line. Not a winner in our book but if you're adventurous, I guess it's worth giving it a try.
Great food best location great service I love this spot always have always will
Great food
There is certain items you have to eat at certain establishments before you can consider yourself a true SF Foodie. Among that laundry list (this isn't even close to the full list), there is a burger at NOPA, the tasting menu at Gary Danko, a sandwich from Ike's place, indian food in the tenderloin (I prefer Chutney), pizza from Delfina, a cocktail at Burbon & Branch, partaking in the ice cream trifecta (bi-rite, mitchell's and humphry slocomb), eating food from a cart or truck, ... and a mission burrito. Now there is debate on where to have that burrito. Some say La Taqueria, others say Papalote or Taqueria Cancun. I say El Farolito. The portions are huge (I have never been able to finish a burrito in one sitting, even at my most hungry) and tasty. The salsa bar is freaking amazing too. If they would let me drink straight from the tub of salsa verde I would. I never leave El Farolito without six to go cups of the stuff. This is my go to place for a mission burrito.
It's not the cleanest of places - the bathroom is disgusting - but the food is amazing. I'd go out of my way on the BART to get a delicious super burito here. It's my favorite - that and Tacqueria Cancun on Mission. I am addicted to the green sauce.
For a long time been hearing from my friends in no cal that they have better mexican food and I would always disagree. We have king taco which has the best red sauce. Frank's, Guisados, El Taurino and thats only some of the places near la. El Farolito is very similiar to Carnitas Michoacan. Huge portions. Love the super quesadilla suiza which is like a huge buritto with cheese minus the rice and beans. The mission district can be sketchy and the lines late at night can be crazy long. Over I still think so cal has the better mexican food.
Came here for lunch while in the San Fran/Mission area and it was awesome. There was no line (on a Tuesday at around 1:00pm). The food took about 6/7 minutes. Their breakfast burrito might be the best one I've ever had. Ever. The tortilla was flavorful and crisp, but still soft. The sausage in the burrito had zing without being too spicy and the rice and beans were cooked just right. To top it all off, my favorite: cheese. Melted all over. The burrito was huge; I was able to eat enough at lunch and have it the next day for lunch again. Top that.
Absolute perfection. I got a giant burrito and my husband got a chicken quesadilla. I ate the other half of his quesadilla for breakfast the next day and I have to say, both were incredible. The portions are huge! I am definitely coming back when I visit again!
God bless this place. I had been searching for decent Mex food in the Bay and a friend suggested El Farolito. Had the quesadilla super suiza and I had tears in my eyes. Or maybe the tears were from the man playing "La Media Vuelta." Whatever. I'd minus 1 star for the chalky ass horchata, but I don't have in my heart to do so. Will be back time and time again.
Very good burritos, although not quite as world class yummy as La Taqueria one block south. Farolito's burritos are bigger and cheaper than La Taqueria, but they just fall a tad short of the true grill flavor of La Taqueria. Sort of unfair comparing these two locations, but I have no choice, since they are only one block apart from each other. I just went to el Farolito today (La Taqueria is closed until Jan 15th) and ordered four burritos to go, three carne asada, and one grilled chicken. As I got home, and shared with the family, we noticed all four burritos didn't have pico de gallo or salsa, what a big downer. Also, the complimentary chips were good, but again, no adjacent salsa whatsoever. What the heck is going on here? A massive shortage of salsas? Anyway, aside from missing salsa, both the carne asada and chicken were tasty. Overall personal rating for el Farolito is an eight out of ten, so it offers very good burritos. But for excellent off the hook burritos...La Taqueria is the best in town, bar none. La Taqueria gets ten out of ten. So, if you want the very best grilled steak burrito, and you don't care for rice (no rice offered there), La Taqueria is the way to go. But if you want something that costs less, and a bigger burrito, while still flavorful, then el Farolito might be your choice. anyway, you can't lose with either one of them.
There's not much more to say.Pray they're not blasting the jukebox. Get in line. Order the super burrito and a Mexican Coke. Marvel at the carne asada, ogle the avocado, gorge on the cheese, rice and beans. Sup up the green avocado salsa. Dare yourself to finish. Then feed the rest to your boyfriend when you can't.
"There must be something to the food if so many people are in line," Brian G. told me as we waited at 2 a.m. for our turn to order.So we waited for 10 minutes. Ordered two veggie burritos. Which, according to the menu, include rice, beans, salsa, avocado and lettuce.We stood on the edge of the salsa bar, on alert, until we finally found a table that was being vacated. Brian rushed over, but a group of assertive hipster kids scooped it out from under our noses. No biggie though. A few minutes later, we found a table.Sat down with the dirty garbage left behind (piled high) from the table's prior occupants. Ate some chips. Which, mind you, are pre-packaged store-bought chips...not fresh. No one cleared our mess. To be fair, it was busy. But not that busy. Eventually, after 10 minutes or so, I moved it to another empty table, as I'm not really the type who likes to eat with the former diner's leftovers right next to me. Gross status.Eventually (15 minutes later perhaps?) our number was called. Went to get the burritos and was grilled on my number and what I had ordered to make sure I wasn't stealing someone else's meal. Finally sat down. Peeled away the foil. Unwrapped the tortilla to peak inside. And...CHEESE.So I took my burrito to the counter. "No puedo comer queso," I said. The cashier looked slightly annoyed but quickly scribbled down my order and put it back in. I walked back to my table. "My burrito has cheese too," said Brian. Only his was a few bites in.So back I went, explaining my friend ALSO had cheese in his burrito. The cashier wasn't so forgiving this time. I kept apologizing for being an inconvenience and he just glared at me and was short in speaking with me. Took the new order and put it in.Another 10+ minutes go by. All our chips are gone, and all I can think of is how glorious it was going to be when I got that first bite of burrito. They called our number. Brought our burritos. Opened them up. All looks good on mine. But then, Brian found cheese stuck between the tortilla and foil. Bad sign. He inspected the burrito further. All appeared OK. So he took a few bites. And came across...a piece of chicken. Since we had already been A HUGE INCONVENIENCE on this place, we just kept eating. Only... the burrito was really dry. And really... well... boring. The rice wasn't that great. The beans had zero flavour. The avocado was maybe the only saving grace of the burrito.But dear avocado, you weren't enough. No no no. Never coming back here if I can help it.
So good and so cheap. What an awesome combination. I knew it was good when I was full halfway through but couldn't resist eating the rest. The portions are generous, packed with flavor and cooked to perfection. I only wish I was closer (or maybe not, because I'd gain 20lbs from eating here all the time).
I hail from Northeast Los Angeles (NELA, as locals like to call it),where Mexican food is in abundance and very on point. So I must say that I am a bit of a Mexican food elitist. I was in the Mission area for the most part of my stay recently and a friend of mine, originally from SF who is now living in LA recommended that I hit up El Farolito or El Faro as he likes to call it. My friend gets all wax poetic when it comes to the burrito and is disappointed that he hasn't found one like it down here in LA. My curiosity sparked and I must try this awesomeness of a burrito. Ladies and gentlemen, I must say the carne asada burrito really blew my mind and tastebuds. The ingredients were nothing new or special just the basics. But whatever they use to season or marinate their meat is what makes the difference. And I may get my LA badge revoked for saying this but that carne asada burrito takes the #1 spot in my book for best burrito I've ever had. And now, I understand my friend's pain because there is seriously nothing like El Faro's carne asada burrito!
Amazing burritos! Great salsas! "Hole in the wall" is hyperbole. It's small, you may have a hard time finding a seat. My advice is go with at least one friend. Get their order and have them scour for seats while you wait in line.
Awesome!
Before I get into the meat of this review, I'd like to first say that I have enjoyed El Farolito on many occasions, most of which involved some sort of alcohol before hand. They make some mean burritos. However, my recent visits have made me downgrade it to 3 stars. They are just a bit too inconsistent (recently) to be my go-to taqueria. I went a few weeks ago for a pastor burrito, and the burrito was good and the meat was tender and spicy, but it also ended up being pretty oily. Yesterday, I had the super nachos with pastor, and the meat just wasn't as good. It was not as oily, but much more bland than I was used to -- maybe they didn't want to include all of the oil on the nachos because it would be so easy to see, and maybe that's where all the flavor was. Other times, their burritos can be on the dry side, especially when their carnitas -- which are good, but not amazing -- are involved. I didn't finish the large portion of nachos last night, but I woke up in the middle of the night with a stomach ache, and I can't even blame the alcohol for that. Also, being super dirty and unkempt is not a requirement for a Mission taqueria. When I went a few weeks ago, there were lots of tables with stuff all over them, which clearly hadn't been cleared for at least a few seatings, as more and more stuff was getting pushed to the side of the table. A little cleanliness never hurt anyone!Despite this, I know I'll be back in the future, because on the right night, El Farolito perfectly hits the spot. I just wish it was all of the time.
+tiny narrow place with more seating towards the back+cheaper menu items than what I remember+tons of transportation options from Bart and MuniDefinitely different than my usual El Farolito which is surprising since you would think all locations would be consistent. They don't offer free chips here, its $.50. If i remember correctly, they also don't offer as many meat options. They didn't have grilled chicken here which i LOVE. I think their tacos are pricier too. Despite the difference, I'm glad they're consistent with the taste and quantity!
came here after my friends wont stop talking about how good the burrito is, so okay, here i am, on a sunday afternoon trying to get some grub on because i had a late start that day and havent eaten my lunch until 3pm.anyways, i tried the carne asada and al pastor tacos, and my friend got a carnitas burrito, i have to say, the tacos are cheap, but fairly small, i dont really like their carne asada because it's pretty flavorless, not much of that beefy taste which i really like, and al pastor tastes like meat with ketchup, it's just not my cup of tea. i dont like the tacos at all. and i tried some of my friend's carnitas burrito, i would say the carnitas is not bad, but it's not as flavorful as la taqueria's carnitas even though it's still tender. and also my friend said he thinks there's way too much rice in the burrito, so it drowns out the flavor of anything else in the burrito as well, it's not a bad burrito, but just not as good as my other friends were raving abouthowever, i really love the chips and salsa. the salsa is chunky and has good flavor and just spicy enough so you can keep on eating but not feel like your mouth is on fire, i just remember i was going back and forth the salsa stand so many times because i couldn't get enough, omg, was it good :P
This is Mexican as it must be!I make trips to the city for El Faros. I drive down one way streets to find prime parking for El Faros. I dodge the protesters and rally's out by the quad for El Faros. Nuff said.I've read isaias J's review and plan on enjoying a torta the next time I head up, but everything on their menu is fair game to me.El Faros is hands down one of the BEST taqueria's in the city. Whether you believe the hype or not the food speaks for itself. The taqueria itself might not be the most appealing to some, but small hole in the wall type joints do it for me. The area isn't the nicest and there is a strange smell that wafts through the air, but once inside the amazing aroma of carne, garlic, onions all melting into one overwhelms the senses.Can't go wrong with the Carnitas, Al Pastor, or Carne Asada on anything. Portions are about right. Flavor is spot on and done the right way. This is a taqueria people! Expect the primary cooking ingredient to be lard. That's where all the goodness stems from =)~~~~~~~~~~~~~  Price  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~CHEAP!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Bonus menu item: Grilled baby onions with a little salt, a little pepper and a little lime oh so sublime~!
My fist mission burrito. They gave me tongue (burrito) and brain (taco). Condiments table had various salsas, and jalapenos grilled or picked. Burrito: The basic fillings, wrap, salsas are all the best I had in total on this trip.The tongue was good, .25 x .75 inch chunks with evenly distributed fat. Vinegar and tongue is always delicious.Taco: Great. Soft and fluffy brain chunks with browned/crispy edges, but still held together for a bite or two before coating everything else in the taco. Onions, cilantro, tortillas, etc, were all average at minimum and mostly much better.Horchata: Run of the mill but not grainy. Not disappointing.I want more.
One of those few establishments that are open past 2 a.m. in San Francisco. Too bad there aren't that many 24 hour joints up here unlike good ol' socal. Get the shrimp quesadilla and a cupful (literally) of salsa verde. You'll thank me later. I got the carne asada burrito but it's not that great. Just go with the shrimp quesadilla. It will blow your mind.
Great food at midnight. You can't go wrong with a super burrito with the works after a few drinks gives you the munchies.
One word..."YUM!"I mean homemade pickled jalapeos, a salsa verde that I would bathe in and greasy delish carnitas!
Hidden jem for mexican food lover. Inexpensive, yummy, late night drunk stop.
So, the long and short of how my girlfriend and I ended up at El Farolito: we were watching the episode of 'Throwdown with Bobby Flay' where he went to Papalote. Checked it out on Yelp, saw that despite the high rating, a lot of recent reviews were negative, particularly after the hype from being on the show, and found that a lot of good things were written about El Farolito in comparison. The next day, we hopped in the rental car for a mid-afternoon snack of splitting a burrito and a couple of tacos. We ended up waiting about 15 minutes or so for our food, even though the line wasn't that long when we arrived at 3-3:30ish in the afternoon.All of the food was really good, although I would definitely rank the al pastor above the carne asadas in terms of spices and flavor. They keep the tacos simple as well, which I like...don't try to stuff too many other condiments in, just keep it simple with meat, cilantro, taco shells, and not much else. But I wouldn't put it on the level of Taco Don Memo in Philly, which is the best burrito I've experienced to date. It's a nice cheap lunch stop, and I'd swing by here if I'm in the neighborhood to grab a bite. The restaurant does a good job of keeping the seats and tables clean, so it was easy for us to chow down quickly before heading out.
Don't understand he hype. I've had wayyyyy better burrito in LA. I ordered the super carne asada burrito and it tasted just like any other. My friend eats this stuff all the time and he didn't understand what the rave is about. However, I did enjoy the green sauce A LOT with their corn chips. 4/5 for the corn chips and salsa bar!
I had the chicken tacos here and they were great, but a bit too messy. They double-stuff with soft tortillas so that the tacos don't completely break apart, but it will get all over your hands. The meat is fantastic, the onions and cilantro were fresh and the service was fast.One note: this place is PACKED on a Friday and Saturday night from dinner to closing. Don't fret the line though because it moves quickly.
Dont believe the hype is right!!!!!!!!GIANT burritos, the size of my thigh, seriously. Very Americanized!I got carnitas which was lacking flavor. The self serve salsa bar is nice but I've had better! That's the theme of this burrito, I've had better. The burrito was better cold, hours later, once the flavors marinated together. No guac, just sliced avocado on the burrito.Disappointed in the yelp reviews here-- so much hype, so little truth.
The food is authentic, delicious, and cheap. There are many taquerias of this style and quality in California, though, so I am a little disappointed that San Francisco's best isn't better.Seating is limited and the line is often out the door.By decreasing preference:-The salsas are some of the best I've had. Try them all.-The horchata is excellent. It's on the sweet side, though.-The tacos are excellent. Fixings differ depending on the type of meat you order.-The carnitas plate is very good.-The nachos are good.-The enchiladas are OK.
Ordered the super burrito carne asada, it tasted bomb_dizzle so much flavor and the meat was so tender. Very tasty long lines place gets busy, super nachos great taste too. The torta was unforgettable for sure my family loved this spot in frisco!!! A must try!!!
Late night Mexican food. This is a pretty popular place to go after the clubs/bars. Don't hesitate on deciding to come here--this place is legit.Super quesadilla suiza!It can get pretty crowded so expect a wait if you're coming at a busy time (especially around 2:00AM).
Vegas Mexican food is garbadge compared to San Fran this place was amazing the line was out the door for a reason it's super tiny hole in the wall but the food rocks
Right next to the 24th station BART. Cash only. Narrow place with seating along the walls. Gets cramped and a little dirty, but the street tacos are muy delicioso.
My friend asked me to lunch and we planned on going to La Corneta. I haven't heard great things about it but I figured we might as well check it out. On the way there he drove by El Farolito and I told him I'd always wanted to check that place out. He said we should just go there then since it was closer and he knew it was really good.I don't usually order Nachos but for some reason that was the only thing I wanted. I just ordered the Nachos Regular (I think that was what it was called) minus the sour cream. It came out to a total of $6.02. It came with an extra basket of corn chips. The portion was HUGE. I had enough for over two servings and my loverman ate the rest when I took it home. I really liked their salsa and luckily there was also a salsa bar so I got to get even more. Whoohoo.My friend got the Tostada Ceviche that was $3.25 and it looked really good although small. My best friend once told me that this restaurant was really good except sometimes it is crazy salty. I hate overly salted foods so I am glad that was not the case with my nachos. If parking wasn't so hard (and by that I mean if I weren't such a bad driver), I would come here more often. It is so close to my house!
When somebody close to you really hypes up a place it can cause worry that it won't live up to the tale. But, I was SO HAPPY with my steak quesadilla that I kept eating it even though I wanted to throw up I was so full.The avocado/tomatillo sauce was our favorite and in abundance. Just how I like it!My friend, who lives in the area told us that he's trying everything on the menu..I'm actually really glad that I don't live near here or else I'd gain so much weight from eating here all the time.
OMG completely in love with this place. On the weekends stays open after the clubs and bars get out so get there before 1:30am or you will be in a really long line.I love, love, love the super nachos. So crunchy but juicy at the same time. Carne asada to die for.*sigh* I'm making my mouth water.
Step 1) Bring your cash. Go to the Wells or BofA down up the street.Step 2) Plan on waiting, then wait.Step 3) Place your order. Try the Al Pastor. Get a 0.50cent order of their delicious think chips. Super quesadilla = bomb.Step 4) Pay, and wait.Step 5) In the mean time, pack some salsas etc., if you're ordering to go.Step 6) Enjoy your Mexican food. Especially if it's between 1-3AM.
beef tongue quesedillas?!?! what?!??!! omg. so tender and moist and dericious. cheap and tasty. perfect drunk food. just try to ignore the fact that its swimming in oil... lol
Delicious, huge, fresh. Did I mention delicious? DELICIOUS. Right off the BART too.
Dayum, son, almost 2k reviews? Not even gonna try. Carne asada super burrito. Best burrito in San Francisco. Go.
After reading all the reviews I had HIGH hopes . Don't get me wrong the burrito is BIG, but to much crema and the meat was not that juicy. Now the tacos de tripas I ordered were GOOD!!! I asked for them crispy and they got it right:) Would I go back probably not. If you cant get carne asada down right onto the next place.
I was living in Los Angeles before I moved to San Francisco and I ate a lot of Mexican food living in Los Angeles and I tried to go to all the favs on Yelp. Well since I found this place was open late well assuming like I do I thought that meant it was going to be crappy food, overpriced and trying to take advantage of the fact I was hungry and it was the only place open. Right when I arrived to the place I noticed that there was a line almost to the door of people probably 6 or 7 people, to my surprise the line moved very fast and quickly after ordering the food was ready, both big deals in my opinion. LETS TALK ABOUT THE FOOD. The gentleman that works there who took my order suggested I try the beef enchilada, THIS WAS PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST ENCHILADAS IVE EVER EATEN. The food here is amazing. I've honestly never eaten a better enchilada in my life.
If you want an authentic burrito experience in the mission, this is one of the top places. Whether you order a steak, chicken regular or supreme, you cannot go wrong. It may seem a little dirty given the area and sign, but rest assured, the employees in this establishment take huge pride in cleaning the kitchen, grill and counter tops. For a gritty area, they do an excellent job. The fresh salsa, chips and guac amazing complements that you'll be tempted to start with despite the heavy main course to come. Bring the more adventurous guests from out of town and they will be impressed with the vibe.
Terrible salsa. Tastes like it was made from canned tomatoes and preservatives. The burritos ingredients were not mixed well. The ceviche was soaked in the aforementioned subpar salsa.
Now, I'd like to preface my review with a little background information about myself. I spent the first 18 years of my life sampling some of the finest mexican cuisine southern california and northern Mexico has to offer. Not only do I consider myself an expert in the field, but I'd go so far as to proclaim myself one of the preeminent authorities on burritos, carne asada fries, etc. That being said, I found myself in a frustrating dilemma when I moved to northern california and could find nary a mexican place that met my lofty standards.That all changed the moment I stepped into El Farolito.The inviting scent of grilled carne asada hangs heavily on the air in this lush burrito Shangri-La. The decor consists of slightly dilapidated tables/chairs and a messy salsa bar - which only furthers its claim to legitimacy.Still, with a weary mind and an all-too-frequently disappointed belly, I ordered a supreme carne asada burrito. The feast my eyes were met with was that fit for a sombrero-clad king. Alas, I don't remember much else from this sublime culinary encounter (I was probably too busy eating). But I will say that I await my next visit to this bastion of burrito glory with great anticipation. My only regret is that it took me three years to discover this gem.
Sunday, 1:30AMAn evening of bar n' club hopping can work up a serious appetite. The six of us just beat the rush when we wandered into El Farolito's - the number of drunks in line grew exponentially (out the restaurant and around the corner) after 1:45AM. Expect to wait hellllla long around 2AM!Grubbed on:1. Super cheese quesadilla suiza   +Huge quesadilla portions, nice!   +Cheese oozing with each bite2. Super chicken burrito   +Gi-NORMOUS wrap   +Generous with flavorful, inside fillings3. Super steak nachos   - Sparse toppings, I'm not a fan of "naked" chips in nachos!And then...?Too convenient not to pig out here after playing in the Mission, especially if you can beat the rush. I'll skip the nachos but the quesadilla and burritos are worth the re-order.
I went here on a half day from work to get an amazing burrito. They are quick with service but their restaurant is run-down. With all the business they do, you'd think they'd have enough money to update their building?The burrito was good but the meat was kind of rubbery. Their chips are not good at all. They taste like cardboard. I guess I would go back but not my first choice.
Huge burrito tastiness. For $8 I got a carnitas Super Burrito packed with everything from rice, beans, real avocado, pork, sour cream and much more. Very tasty and a challenge to finish, but worth it. The place gets packed, locals and tourists keep pouring in and out and the service does its best to get everyone moving and tended to quickly. Yummy, cheap, fast and friendly; my kind of place.The self-serve avocado/cilantro and pico de gallo were delicious.
Veggie burrito was just rice, beans & cheese. There was some cilantro in there, I think. However, tasted very bland, and chicken stock and possibly lard were in there due to my bodily... reaction.Are you not vegan/vegetarian? Don't worry then! All my friends seem to be obsessed with the place.
This place was awesome and an obvious go to spot for late night food, especially after drinking in the mission. With chips (an extra 50 cents), the total was less than 7 dollars if I recall correctly. The rice isn't soggy like Los Coyotes and there was actually some substantial meat, not tiny chopped up bits. I wouldn't say this is the best burrito I've ever had but it's definitely a good go to spot. They handle the large influx of drunk customers well too.
I ordered the shrimp burrito with black beans and I was very happy with my order!  I went for the regular burrito vs. the super because the super burritos are gigantic and the regular burritos are definitely filling enough I wasn't even able to finish mine. There's also a pretty decent salsa bar which is a Taqueria must have in my opinion!
Damn this place is packed! I can understand why as well, the food is really good. I ordered the super nachos, which I was way in over my head for. I could not finish them, there was just too much food! It consisted for carne asada, jalepenos, cheese, salsa, you know the usual. It was great and for the price Id say it was definitely worth the amount of food. The place is kinda run down but thats where all the good food is at.
You can tell a place has really great food when their food is really great, and a great example of great food is El Farolito. I love this place because their food is amazing, but Mexican food is their specialty. Their meat sliders, known as "tacos" in Mexican cuisine, are so delicious and so juicy, you will come back for more. And if you do you're in luck. They are open 7 days a week! Another great thing about El Farolito is that they do not force you to only eat tacos. You are allowed to get their delicious "quesadillas", similar to the one Spencer C. talked about.Anyway, go to El Farolito!!! They are opened 7 days a week, so they may be opened right noooow!
Honestly I cannot believe that this place is getting anyhting more than 2 stars. If this is what good mexican food is about then I should either stop eating Mexican or not bother even travelling to Mexico (as I have been there).If you want cheap food by the tonn and don't care about flavour then the reviews are accurate, but if you are looking for flavorful food ---- Flee from here.Let me start with the simple things " Chips"-- It was not fresh/ too oily and tasted stale, I have had chips in a of of mexican places, fine mexican restaurants in NYC, dive Mexican places in Texas & Miami but they all have something in common. Excellent Chips & Salsa. The three flavours of Salsa was all tastless GOO with no difference between either of them!, the chips in combination with the salsa was cardboard dipped in tastless GOO, I did not eat more that 2 chips --- Honestly Chipotle chips tasts better that this..I had the Chile Releno with beans and rice, it was over cheesy and bland. I was really hungry but still could not eat more than a few mouthfull, just did not do it for me. The others with me did not get thru their meals either, they said the chicken was bland, the sauce in flavourful.I could not believe it that I had travelled all the way from NYC to eat at this dump and also spend considerable time trying to find parking to come to the DIVE.Its sad that "BurritoVille" - multiple locations in NYC serves some fantastic burritos full of flavour - The route 66 is my favourite, also a much smaller place than this server FREE CHIPS & tongue scortching spicy salsa deep is flavor.When in NYC check it out and you will know what I am talking about.
Great Tortas, Fast service, dont let the long line fool u they crank food out. Also they are open til 3am.
There exists a theory that Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys was inspired to write the song 'Good Vibrations' after hitting El Farolito at 4AM on a Saturday Night. Mr. Wilson was bombed off liquor and coke, ya see, as he often was after two weeks of straight binging, and was about to hit Ocean Beach for a surf sesh, but alas, needed some carbo-courage to keep his energy alive. He detoured his souped-up '58 Woodie to the Mission, when out of nowhere, like a direct sign from Jah, a heavenly light beamed upon El Farolito, shifting his attention away from the mediocre tranny sitting shotgun, a street walker whose voice was so angelic, she emitted the essence of Tom Waits as she hummed along to Lou Reed's 'Wild Side'.He walked into the Taqueria to an amazingly diverse crowd - fellow substance abusers, foodies, and gang-bangers alike. The Pollo Supreme burrito was everything he could ask for - he even had some chow left over for him, his canine, and Esposita the 7 foot Latin Phreak once the sunrose.Good Vibrations? Seor Wilson - you ain't ever lie.
We had a large order so my friend called ahead and put the order under my name. Apparently calling ahead doesn't work because they don't seem to start your order until you get there. I guess for what it is, I shouldn't expect superb service, but still, I was not a happy camper when I had to wait in a long line to tell them I placed an order by phone and then have them begin working on the order! Also they didn't take note of my name but only the items ordered, but since I wasn't the one that placed the order I had to call my friends to figure out which order was ours.Food wise: Nachos here are excellent! Tacos not so much..in my opinion.
Fantastic mexican food. The fully loaded quesadilla suiza is only about 6 bucks and is a giant plate full of cheesy and meaty goodness. I was honestly surprised by how much steak there was in the dish (most places tend to go easy on the meat). The soft flour tortilla was also delicious and felt exactly like it should: freshly baked and still 5% doughy.Wow.
We were a little leery of the neighborhood at first but it turned out to be fine. We were there around 5pm. The building was a little run down and kinda dirty in the eating area but the kitchen area looked clean and smelled delicious. My husband and I shared a beef burrito and it was quite tasty.
I just ate here like 3 hours ago, literally. The soft tacos here are delicious and cheap! Well worth the money! Even the complimentary chips they give you are good, perfectly seasoned. But back to the tacos, they were packed with meat and cilantro and onions. Just picking up the taco and attempting a taste caused sauce to drip out and make for a semi messy first few bites, messy but awesome. I'm definitely going to come back next time I'm in San Fran/the mission area.
I am not a big fan of Mexican food, but I know tasty food regardless of where its from. Simple, fast, and tasty. I got carne asada quesadilla, no complaints!
Man I've been coming here for years now and this has to be one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in SF. A little inconvenient to get to but the burritos are worth it and so are the nachos. Make sure to get the nachos to go though because i think they give you more when you get them to go. The places is always packed to the brim on Friday and Saturday nights. Sometimes the line goes out the door and there isn't many seats inside the restaurant. Its worth it in my opinion though especially if you're with your friends and everybody is drunk and hungry. The al pastor burrito is the business!!!
El Farolito, so gooooood! Amen.This is one of those places where it doesn't matter that you're sitting in a filthy hole in the wall dive, and have to be buzzed into the dingy bathroom by the workers up front. The food is, as already mentioned, sooo goooooood. My friends and I come here every time we visit the city. The gentlemen behind the counter are always so nice and pleasant, even if I can't understand half of what they say. My favorite thing to order there used to be a ginormous burrito. I recently discovered my body has issues with gluten/wheat flour so last time I was there I asked for the super burrito minus the flour tortilla. There was some confusion and clarification required at first during the ordering process, but they were very accommodating and I was presented with a beautiful display of chicken, beans, rice, avocado, sour cream, lettuce, etc on a white plate with a fork (a real white plate, and a real fork- nothing plastic about it), even though they don't have "burrito bowl" or "burrito salad" on the menu. Minus the tortilla it was still, soooo goooooood. I'm not used to having to make special requests when I go out, and their happy service and beautiful presentation of my tortilla-less burrito on real dishes just made my day.
Great quick spot. Service is friendly and food is really yummy. We had the Marinated pork tacos (el pastor) and super veggie burrito- soooo delicious! Salsa bar is really amazing too. Definitely don't need the chips because the portions are huge. Cheap lunch that fills you up.
A staple of the late night mission food scene. Nowhere better to satisfy your drunken munchies with a giant burrito the el farolito!
Best burrito I've ever had!! Also great pricing-- one burrito was the size of two from other restaurants but under $10. But just know that it's a little dingy, so not the place to go to for a fancy night out. Nonetheless, I'd definitely recommend it for authentic Mexican food.
This was my first burrito shop when I moved to SF. This was my last burrito shop when I left SF.In between those times, I taught my stomach how to finish the massive carne asada burritos from this place. I'm glad they charge the $.50 for the chips. It's for the best.
The tacos were good and the salsa was especially tasty, but now I need to try the crane asada burrito.
I'm a fan. The quesadilla suiza is a favorite of mine as it comes in two. I eat one with a drink and I still have another one to snack on later on in the day. I wouldn't really come here for the carnitas or pollo either. If you're going for a burrito, definately go for the carne asada. But really, its hard to go wrong here. Everything they make he is good. I also love that it's open late.
Best burritos ever, and SF has a lot of good options so that is saying a lot. Right next to the BART and open late, so it's like a piece of heaven always on call.
Folks rave about this place but I now know that it is because they have never tasted real and quality-made Mexican food. Purchased a carne asada burrito and it was a huge disappointment. Though it seems like the meat had some flavor it was overpowered by the ridiculous amount of cheese and cream. The rice in the burrito was clumpy and beans were undercooked. I have no problem waiting in line to order and receive my food (heck, I have done so at El Taurino and King Taco many times in Los Angeles) but provide me with food that is well-seasoned and makes my wait worth it. Cleanliness is nonexistent. I will give them credit for their horchata and hours.This over-hyped spot and chain reminds me of the Los Angeles phenomenon with Tito's Tacos--people like it because they don't know better and due to their late hours.
El Farolito is literally next door to 24th St Bart Station. The station my boyfriend uses daily to get home @ 12am each night. I would say at least 3 of the 6 nights he works I make him pick up mexican food from El Farolito on his way to Bart. The line is almost always out the door. There is not a lot of places open at midnight, but even if there were more i'd still want Farolitos. They absolutely have the best quesadillas EVER! They have yummy mexican sammies. Award winning burritos (literally), and the best refried beans in the Mission!I am also grateful for the attempt they make to create a taco salad for me at least twice a week when I know damn well it's not on the menu, but now that I'm watching my carbs, I gotta have it!
My favorite burrito place in SF (easily beating out papalote and cancun), reminds me of the El Grullense chain from down south.The super burritos are full of meaty, cheesy goodness. The pastor, steak and chicken are all great options. Make sure to pick up 2 containers of the green salsa, cuz the red is pretty weak. And order to-go because the space is really cramped, but waiting in line is enjoyable because you can watch and smell all the delicious meat cooking. Also make sure you have your order ready before you get to the register because they expect you to order very quickly.And don't forget: they charge extra if you want chips, and this location is cash-only.
There are 1858 prior reviewers and this place has a 4.5 star rating; I can't figure out why. We were in SF for a long weekend and wanted some Mexi. BF said Mission, Yelp said El Farolito. We walked in at ~8pm on what must have been Sunday evening (?). It's little more than a hole in the wall; the first impression is not one of cleanliness. You stand in line, pressing yourself against the counter to make space for the patrons on their way out the door, then place your order at the register (cash only). From there, take your claim ticket (I forgot to ask for an actual receipt) and elbow your way onto a table. Our party of four claimed one near the door when we entered but abandoned it to a bum and a baby. The food is delivered in a little plastic tray, and you can salsa-up at the little sauce bar. Our burritos were absolutely massive and came wrapped in foil, which helped keep things tidy. My chicken burrito was just ordinary, though, really nothing impressive, fairly flavorless.  Maybe that's what the salsas are for? The three we sampled had some nice heat. My partner's steak tacos were simple but tasty; the quesadilla was big and sloppy. While we ate a little dude strode in with his guitar to warble a tune, passed his hat around and walked out. You buss your own space; the garbage bin was nearly full to overflowing. I mean, the guys behind the counter are hot (by which I mean warm) and working hard, but this just isn't 4-star Mexican. Granted, I was traveling and won't have the opportunity to pay them a second visit, but I've definitely experienced better.
From the east coast and this was by far the best burrito of my life. I had the chicken and tasted fried carnitas. Both were excellent. I am used to the chipotle's and cal torts of the world and this blows all of these out of the water. If you are in the Bay Area and have a chance to get to this area - you must try
If you want a great late-night meal, this is the place to go. It's very authentic and you really get a lot of the Mission district feel in this place. I had the burrito the last time, but I am more of a taco and tortas person. I really want to try everything else on the menu when I come back
I'm a Texan living in California, so you can imagine my dismay when eating Mexican food here. I'm all for healthy, but I need my greasy TexMex.So imagine my joy when a friend from Texas visits and tells me about this place. This is seriously the closest to TexMex you can get in the Bay Area. It was 3 of us and we shared two carne asade super quesadillas and some chips. INCREDIBLE. All of the flavors mixed perfectly. AND, the pieces are HUGE! They're literally the size of pizza slices.By the end of the second "slice," however, it started to get really salty. Maybe we had more beef/cheese in the second slice than our first one.Self-serve salsa bar and cash only. We had to wait a while for our food, but it was definitely worth it!!!
Skip everything. Order up a Super Al Pastor Burrito with Pintos, no rice. Enjoy the winning combination of sour cream, cilantro, avocado, seared and marinated Al Pastor pork, finished with savory Pintos.You're welcome!+ 6 stars for just the very thought of this taste combination. I've got to be honest: I left Michael Mina's once thinking of this exact thing.- 3 stars for the restroom smell in the entire place. Or maybe it was the guy next to me in line. Who can remember?
Patrons are a little shady after dark but food is delicious!
The best part about this place is that it's open late, so when you can't do much better, you can come here. My last time there it was particularly dirty and nightmarish. The health inspection card on the wall said that they put meat in a meat refrigerator (good) but they didn't plug it in (bad, very bad). That was disturbing. I skipped the chicken quesodilla that time... that's for sure. The beans are nice and salty and you get your food quick but it's probably not worth it.
Good. Just plain good.
Had a very tasty Carnitas Super Burrito.Tasted a lot worse as I spent the night puking up the Carnitas.I'm sure it's just bad luck, but I won't be going back.
From the land where hand-held burritos were born and before they were restyled by the likes of Chipotle and Qdoba, comes El Farolito. Outstanding burritos, excellent salsas, great prices, and the perfect blend of tradition and modern (like all vegetarian beans in 3 types - pinto, black and refried). What a treat!
Ceviche tostada excellentpaired with two lengua tacos- even better. cheap and awesome. Don't even miss LA mexican with el faro around.great after bars, great after not-bars
Matt had a last minute phonecall from his co-worker to pickup tickets to the Warrior game. Matt was at El Farolito to grabbed a quick bite before he hit out to the East Bay and it is close to his house. Matt has been to this taqueria and the other location further down on 24th st. many times, when Matt has to work close-by. And when Matt comes here to eat the line has constant line that is always a mile long and filled to capacity. Matt got lucky this time, being in little bit of a rush, there were no line and the 24th st. strip was quiet with hardly anything going on.Matt enjoyed all the meats cooked and prepared at this taqueria. This visit he ordered a Carne Asada (Grilled-Steak) silver Bullet. The $5.00 had all the usual condiments that a super-burrito contain. With the taqueria being desserted at the peak of the dinner hours, Matt wanted it to enjoyed his meal there, but he was in a hurry and took the loaded Silver-Bullet and a silver-can of Diet Coke on the road and eat his meal on the way to the Warrior's game tonight. And as usual, when you leave after being and/or dining in the taqueria, you leave smelling like that taqueria on yourself.
On a spontaneous drive back home from south city, I felt like a burrito and immediately opened Yelp.As I was crossing Cesar Chavez on 101, this place popped up first place so I went for it.It's probably one of the better burritos I had. The tortilla is bomb (they cover it with cheese.. ridiculously good), the carne asada and carnitas were both delicious and overall the place feels legit.Go for a quick burrito if you're over the La Cumbre madness.
What did I order?1 Super Suiza Carne AsadaHow was the taste on a scale from 1 through 5?4How was the service on a scale from 1 through 5?3Did I feel it was worth the price?YesWill I visit El Farolito in the Future?Yes
OK so I finally got around trying this place, before I used to go to la taqueria on mission and I was always satisfied with their burritos and their free chips and salsa was very good as well.You can't go wrong by having a burrito on mission, especially between 16th and 24th street.I was quite disappointment with the quality of food though, the ingredients did not seem to be fresh at all, especially the complimentary chips and salsa, the tortila chips seemed to be the packaged kind and salsa was pretty bland and you could tell from the taste that it was not freshly prepared.Although they had a more expansive and larger menu variety then most burrito places in SF on mission, they're food was really lacking in flavor and freshness.I highly recommend having a burrito on La Taqueria which is also on mission, theyre burritos were smaller in size but had way more flavor and their chips and salsa was amazing and fresh.
I love this place. Their buritos are the best. I order the shrimp and al pastor (marinated pork) with everything and it is delicious. I love the ingredients and the shrimp are actually prawns so they are large. This is a taqueria so don't expect rosa Mexicana but the food is so much better. I also love the fresh salsas which are almost just almost as good as my grandmothers. I highly and enthusiastically recommend this place.
Dear El Farolito Super Burrito,Dripping, wet, sacks of meat have never been as appealing as you. When I decided to fill you with sweet, sweet al pastor, I knew it was a match made in heaven. I'm very sorry that you only existed on this plane for about 3 minutes before you vanished down my gullet, but really, I had no choice. I had to devour you, quickly, after my first taste. There really wasn't any other way it could've gone.Your brother, stuffed to the brim with cabeza, and two of your cousins (both named taco), were filled with succulent, succulent lengua. My friend destroyed your brother even more quickly than I did you, without a hint of regret. And your lengua stuffed cousins were also devoured at lightning speed.Someday, (soon, I think) you will momentarily exist again on this earth. But, unfortunately for you, you'll go right back to the place you did last time.With love,Noah
Burritos = 5 stars. Holy hell, amazing salsa selection. Best burritos in the city, hands down. And open late - you know that it's gotta be good when you'll opt to pass by two or three other burrito joints to get here. That's a big deal when wastey-face.Anyway, I dont usually like to sit down there any eat. It can be a little sketch there late at night, and sometimes it smells a lot like porta-potties.
For the past few years, I've heard nothing from you whiny West Coast transplants but "Wahhhh! You can't get any good Mexican food around here. I need to go back to California to get a decent burrito. Wahhhh!"Well, it turns out you bitches were right. My last day in SF, I stopped at El Farolito on the way to the airport. It may have been the best $6 I've ever spent. This carne asada super burrito...I could not put it down. Every bite was such a wonderful explosion of flavor. All other burritos should be ashamed of themselves. Suddenly, the anger towards Mexican food in NYC seems justified.Afterward, I got in a cab and headed to the airport, satiated and still smelling of deliciousness. In fact, when I got on the plane, the gorgeous brunette seated next to me BEGGED to lick my fingers. I gladly let her, as I am not a selfish man.*Now, those of you who don't want me around, don't get your hopes up; I'm not about to move to California. As my pal Chris is fond of saying: If I got to choose a coast, I GOT to choose the East. But I would like to conclude by saying: Wahhhh! You can't get any great Mexican food around here. I need to go back to California to get a FANTASTIC burrito from El Farolito. Wahhhh!_______*OK, so it was actually a stout, bald gentleman. But he did ask very nicely. And he was gentle.
Best burrito of my life! Carne Asada and al pastor mix!
I've lived in SF for over 10 yrs and lived in the Mission for a most part of that time. The most asked question I get is (as you would guess) what is your favorite TAqueria? and after having a carne asada burrito at every Taqueria in the Mission (no exaggeration) I have to say El Farolito on 24th beats all of them...Love you guys.Specially the carne asada burritos!
As an East coast gringa I can't speak to the authenticity but the super suiza quesadilla was delish, basically a Mexican steak and cheese. It was also cheap and speedy. The layout was a tad claustrophobic (everyone sort of jammed in the entryway) but its worth enduring, especially as takeout.
Oh mi 'lito, tu eres mi major burrito. I couldn't think of a better way to end a weeklong stay in beautiful SF, replete with meals at some of the best eateries and drinks at some of the finest craft cocktail bars, than to BART on down to the Mission for a greasy, authentic California style burrito. As per my plan all week, I packed my bags and left my hotel en route to SFO. Hopping off the BART at 24th and Mission (as I have done before) I entered into the vibrant Hispanic district with high hopes. Every time I have consumed a Mission burrito it's been good. Really good. This time I did it right. 1: I consulted Yelp, and 2: I asked around. In both cases, El Farolito came up tops, and I now know why.This dirty little hole-in-the-wall taqeria on Mission just off 24th makes hands down some of the best burritos I have ever consumed. I ordered a carne asada super burrito (incl beans, rice, avocado, cheese, etc - sin crema) and it came with a side of chips. The burrito: This little wrapper of joy was delivered to me by an angel driving a golden and white chariot pulled by winged unicorns with rainbow feet. Well, ok, no, it was brought to me by some dude from the back, but it might as well been sent down from on high. The burrito was wrapped perfectly tight, with a nicely grilled tortilla. The meat was good but a little gristly (as it should be), and contained some... uh, is that BACON?!?! Oh yeah babay. The beans, rice, and the rest rounded out this well-balanced log o' food to create a perfect hand held meal. The chips: The chips were standard, likely from a bag. They did not taste store-made, but they did come free and instantly in a nice little basket. I was hungry, so instant chips kept me satiated until my burrito came. The salsa: This was one of the BIG highlights of my meal. The little salsa bar had some roja (obviously home made) and some verde/avocado salsa. The roja was amazing, with little chunks of tomato/onion/cilantro. The avocado salsa?! OMG. Amazing. I could drink this stuff. I went back for thirds it was so good. All together, I sat in this tiny, cramped space and ferociously devoured my chips and burrito, the only sounds emanating from my mouth being "gasp" and "mmmm." I have found burrito Valhalla. As I munched away, sitting at the little metal table with chipped paint, watching the ever-growing line of customers eagerly awaiting their little bundles of Mexican-food joy, I snapped a few mental pictures. This is not a burrito I will soon forget. Never, never forget. Yum.
El Farolito is located in the Mission District, so the following things popped in my head prior to heading there:1. The place is going to dirty2. The people hanging around are going to be eccentric3. The lines will be long4. The portions will be huge5. The prices will be cheap6. The burrito will be deliciousSo I went and I ordered a Carne Asada burrito. And guess what? I was exactly spot on. The problem is this description applies to a lot of joints in the Mission District. My taste buds aren't that advanced where I can discern between very similar burritos. Put a Taqueria Cancun burrito and an El Farolito burrito in front of me and I wouldn't be able to tell you the difference. Not to take anything away from El Farolito because it's great, but you can't go wrong trying any of the places in the neighborhood.Cost: $20 for 2 carne asada burritos, a Negra Modelo, and a Corona
Absolutely bomb. Dirt cheap, delicious, and open late. The portions are huge and filled with avocados. The carne asada quesadillas are terrific but my favorite is the tacos. 2.55 for two fair sized tacos with chirozo...mmm. It's enough for a light meal, for just 2.55. The line can get long but it moves along fast enough. Salsas are delicious too. The only qualm is that a lot of the customers are kind of shady... I'm not even being prejudiced, there was this creepy dude who felt me up when I walked by...
Carne asada super burrito... I still dream of you. I can still taste you on my tongue. I can't believe you're so far from me now. I know I'll never find another like you on the east coast here. Until we meet again... I will be thinking of you.
Taste: 5Value:5Cleanliness: 4Atmosphere: 4Wait time:3Overall:51 being the worst, and 5 being the bestFirst came here with some homies about a year ago, and after having a few dranks the food was really filling.I did come back about 2-3 other times and the food was just as good, even sober. I even went to the location in south city and it was the same quality.I love the super burritos, especially since they are so big. The meats have good flavor and they do not skimp on any of the fillings.One of the best things is the free salad bar? or salsa bar? not sure what its called,but plently of different types of salas, jalopenos, and the green avocado sauce.writing this review makes me want to get some more, looks like ill be taking a trip this week to indulge.
BEST. BURRITO. IN THE CITY. Hands down this is the best burrito for me in San Francisco. For about $6 you can get a super burrito with any type of meat, I prefer Carne Asada or Lengua if I'm feeling loco', tasty beans and rice, and the topper, SLICES OF AVOCADO. California cuisine. The salsa bar is great too! The green avocado salsa is by far my favorite, and I usually fill up about 5 little containers of it to pour over each bite of my burrito. Get an Orchata, it's a traditional taqueria drink made up of rice milk/water and cinnamon. Quells your belly after devouring the "umami" burrito experience. There's El Farolito Bar right next door, and it's perfect for knife fights and friendly banter. The other El Farolito at 24/Alabama is actually a little better because it is less crowded. Both are open until 2am every day! BOO YA!Papalote sucks, it is the opposite of authentic Mexican food.
Woohoo indeed! This burrito is probably the best I've ever had. It was perfectly moist and delicious, from the tortilla to the meat to the ripe avocado inside. A burrito like this is a work of art, really. Not only is it amazing, it's also dirt cheap - I paid about $6 for mine, with everything on it (guac, sour cream, etc.). No ripping you off for "extras" here - they even offer a green avocado salsa at the salsa bar that is a must-try. This place is a necessary stop for anyone in the city who needs a quality burrito.
I have finally eaten at the much heralded troika of Mexican food: La Taq, El Farolito, and Gordos and to many people's dismay, I don't believe El Faro should even be in the same breadth as the other two. Missing our 8:30 showing for Thor and having 2 hours to kill, Odin's banished son Chez and and I drove to El Farolito. Whenever I talk to native San Franciscians, the topic of best burrito is always bound to come up. It could be upon initial conversation, after a couple months of friendship or even a year, but it is bound to come up. I have found that more times than not, my tacqueria of choice, Gordos, is continually dismissed, even by my own forever love, EVEN THO she grew up in the Richmond. Most of the flags are waved for El Farolito and La Tacqueria. I can understand La Taq, however, am miffed at the "famed" El Faro.Going at night, parking was plentiful in the Mission. However, there are a lot of restaurants and bazaars so parking will be difficult in the day. Bring lots of quarters. There was already a huge line at El Faros but the cashier took everyone's order quickly. He got to me before I was ready as I was conflicted between a super burrito or a suiza (quasidilla). Mind racing between the two, I stuttered super carnitas burrito. Given a ticket, we seated ourselves into a booth. Lemme tell you...the ambiance of this place is as authentic Mexican as you can get, and by that, I mean grimy. The tabletops of our booths were dirty with grains of rice and beans strewn over the surface. The color was a decayed formica white. The walls were lined with paintings depicting rural L'Mexique. Basically, you want to eat while touching the least amount of table service area as you can...aka...no elbows on the table. Our order came quick and our burritos looked relatively large. Peeling back the foil and taking my first bite, I was disappointed. The carnitas were so salty and I felt like I was eating a meat burrito. I could barely taste any other condiments. The carnitas were soft and ripped easily, however, there was not much flavour besides that of salt. We had to get some picca de gallo and pour some in our burrito with each bite. The guacamole and salsa was scarce and there was not much balance to the burrito. The cool thing is that they use avocado chunks instead of guacamole. The downside is that because it is not paste, doesn't spread evenly and you only have avocado in the middle of the burrito. I am sad to conclude that El Farolito is horribly overrated. It is so salty and the ingredients aren't evenly dispersed. This place is packed however, but it seems mostly so with Mission natives, workers and hipsters. As a result, El Farolito is most certainly the epicenter around their activities, makign it their neighborhood tacqueria. I cannot make that same claim. I am a foreigner to this realm. I am a Richmond District Native and Gordos on 24th and Clement is where I make my bed, and what a wonderful bed it is. Home is where the heart is.
Caveat: I visited El Farolito during daylight hours. Sober.Just because something is cheap and comes in huge portions doesn't mean its good. It just means that its cheap and filling. In this respect, El Farolito delivers.To me, a four or five-star rating means that something actually tastes good. The burrito I had this afternoon from El Farolito was not good. Not horrible, either. Just a below average, middle of the road bean/rice/meat gut bomb. Nothing special.I recall how satisfying it was getting something greasy and filling to eat at the end of a long night of drinking. But, geez, San Francisco. Ya'll are pretty goddamn loose with the can't-miss-omigod-this-burrito-changed-my-life-best-ever reviews. Sleep it off, sober up, take a bite and THEN tell me how your mediocre burrito tastes.
Tasty and authentic (both in quality and price). You can get some stellar tacos on the cheap, and it will taste like heaven on the streets of Rosarito.Check it out, but don't be turned away by long lines... they go fast, for serious.
SF's 7x7 magazine voted El Farolito's number for burritos. So after a night of partying in the city, we venture to mission to try these amazing burritos that I keept hearing and reading about.We are 4 girls dressed in little dresses in mission in the middle of the night. But these burritos were worth it - even though there was a big smelly guy that sat behind us.It was our first time there, so we just got a carne asada burrito and quesadilla. I thoroughly enjoyed a quarter of the burrito and quesadilla. The meat was juicy, loved the avocado, cheese and rice in the burrito. The quesadilla was buttery and toasted - also with the same fillings minus the rice.Going back again next time I need "end of the night" food.. preferably with men
The best burrito I ever had. The reviews are amazing but I wanted to judge for myself. I did a Carne asada burrito and added carnitas to it. It did not disappoint. It was amazing and super inexpensive.
Awesome hole-in-the-wall Mexican place. Great super burrito, great carnitas. Delicious and inexpensive!
DELICIOSO! Me gusta super suiza quesidilla y horchata y watermelon refresco! go when yur drunk, craving some REAL mexican food(not like fucking rubios) or when all the food at your friends quince is gone. needs more seats and bigger space tho
Having read the latest issue of 7x7 Magazine which called out El Farolito as the best burrito joint in SF we had to go. I hadn't eaten in a day and was starved. A burrito sounded so excellent we headed to the Mission on a sunny Sunday afternoon. I went for the al pastor with cheese. We got two to go and sat in the plaza on a bench in the sun to eat.Fuck...this was a great burrito. A longtime fan of Gordo I'm crowning a new favorite. The meat was perfectly seasoned. The burrito was huge with a great balance of rice, beans and meat. This is a simple meal and but it's hard to get it just right. Like the burrito recipe I'll keep the review short. If you want a perfect burrito head over here and feast.
Every time I've been to this place there has been a line, when you eat the food you will know why. The line moves pretty fast and the service is good, if your looking to get your fix of Mexican food this is the place to go. PS. Cash only!!!
Great hole-in-the wall style Mexican dining. Food tastes amazing!STATS(Scale 1 - 10)Food Taste:    9Food Quality:   7Food Health:    I'm pretty sure you'll die in 3 months if you eat here every                day.Menu variety:    7 (vegetarian available!)Price:          8 on par with competing taqueriasSpeed of Srvc:  8Wait to order:   5 (either empty or big crowd)Seating:        3 (crowded but moves fast)Cleanliness:    4Restrooms:    3 (they only have 1 so you have to wait, but its avg.)
This time I liked it better: we got beef tongue quesadilla -- and it was amazing!I will come back one more time ;)
El Farolito my new friend. Why did I have to take the BART train all the way into Oakland only to find you were completely the other way. Besides the point, it takes sacrifice to find such openly known treasures such as this. In order to dine inside it will take team work as food choices should be made prior to reaching the front in order to scout out a table to sit at. Expect to clean it off yourself for the most part because the staff is going to be busy cooking their awesome food. We had the enchilada plate (sauce lacks character) and their Super Burrito con Carnita taco. I had to compare the carnitas to the ones here in Santa Ana and they favored well. Cash only and you have to pay for the chips....try the avocado salsa its amazing.
I believe a certain complacency can come over you living in this city, that all taquerias are the same, but they're not all the same, and El Farolito is a prime example.They do everything well here. There were things on the menu (by menu I mean wall sign) I've never seen before. I'm not Mexican, so I sure to some people, it familiar fair, but It was new to me. I love finding new things.Also, there are old favorites here like tacos, burritos, quesadillas, etc done in a way to make you think you never really had them before. Lots of things come with a liberal helping of avocado, so all you Cali natives should be pleased. I can't stand the stuff personally. Rejoice! El Farolito rolls out the beef brain, tongue, and tripe. You can't help but feel special. My only regret dining here is that I failed myself as a man, and didn't order the tripe in my, um..."Mexican sandwich thingy". Be warned: Space is a premium here! You're gonna to want be a little bit early to those eating rush time that afflict most eateries; lunch, after-work, 7 or 8-ish weekends and so forth. It's the polite things to not loiter too long after you've consumed your savory, delicious meal. Please, don't be that douche.To top it all off, we even got a lil' live music!!
I'm crying just writing this review. I miss you so very much Farolito! Your simply divine Suiza con pollo had me at a loss for words. I took the biggest bites I have ever taken just so I can enjoy as much of you as I could. The melody created between the finely grilled chicken, salsa, guac, and sour cream had left me dying for more.I don't care if this place is a hole-in-the-wall shack with benches that are probably older than me. Your food is majestic. I will forever love you.Coming here sober isn't even a problem. This all night Mex Cuisine is for all times of the day that you crave delicious and cheap Mexican food.Also notable is the Strawberry fresca. Strawberries WITH FRESCA... you'd be a fool not to get it coupled with your suiza.
This place was packed with people, burritos, and the smell of pure goodness. My sister and I stumbled upon this place after hanging at the Attic and thank god. I experienced the best chorizo burrito ever and I'm pretty sure everything else was fantastico. I'm now on a quest to find a place like this in DC.
Oh. My. Goodness. Oh my delicious goodness!!!!!This place is truly amazing. Came here on new year's day for some yummy Mexican cuisine and this place certainly lived up to all the hype and exceeded my expectation. Our entire party of 4 ordered enough food that could have fed a family of 8! I ordered a regular lengua burrito and my bf ordered a super carne asada burrito! We also ordered super nachos and super carne asada quesadilla! Everything was so goo, flavorful and juicy.. and I don't even usually like Mexican food all that much. After eating here, I am now a convert. I can actually see myself craving for some Mexican food in the future:) highly recommended!
This is place is super yummy especially after a night of drinking. Get there early because after 2am the line is out the door and sometimes around the corner... so I was told. We ordered the Quesadilla Suiza with chicken and the super nachos with carne asada. Both were really, really Yummy! Who would have thought that rice in a quesadilla would be so good! I really wished we had a place down in SoCal that serves quesadilla Suiza =/ .The meats were super flavorful and the rest of the ingredients looked fresh. The salsa bar is super good too I loved the green salsa! I'm definitely coming back on my next NorCal trip!
The super nacho should be called the supper nacho. Where do they get all that meat? ... is probably a question you don't want to know the answer to.
I've been on the hunt looking for a Taqueria to frequent, so I decided to give El Farolito a try after reading many positive reviews.At first I asked for a regular carne asada burrito with guacamole and sour cream. The man taking my order rudely says, "So you basically want the Super Burrito without cheese.." and I agreed. I felt a little stupid, but, I didn't let that ruin my mood because I was really looking forward to eating.Once I took a bite, the first thing I noticed was the carne asada.. It was perfectly seasoned and charred. After a few bites, I started wondering where the guac, salsa, and all of the fixins were. So after making me feel stupid, they managed to give me a regular burrito. I would've asked for my original order, but, I was long gone when I realized their mistake. I'll come back to try the Super Burrito since everyone says its delicious, but, for now.. I'll stick to giving them three stars.What taqueria charges ($.50) for chips?!
Holy crap, I would drink a gallon of their salsa verde in one go. It may be the perfect sauce. I always get the carne asada super burrito and it satisfies me so much that I haven't even bothered exploring the menu further. Can't go wrong. The suiza quesadillas always look really good when I plate-spy on other people, though. OMGZZZZ I want to go right now just thinking about it. And the burrito is so large that I get to relive the glory for a second, sometimes third time at home every time I go.5 stars for El Farolito.
This place stacked up to the hype pretty well. After 4 unsuccessful attempts to try it, we finally made it the other night. I'd been told to get the burrito by many, but on the recommendation of one, got the epic Suiza Quesadilla, and never looked back. It had lots of flavour, was quite large, and was overall a great meal. It was pretty cheap too. I'll definitely be back to try the burritos. For now, I just recommend it. Check it out.
Although many claim that El Farolito makes the best burritos, I'm not sure I agree with that. Yes, El Farolito has a good burrito. It's tasty and the meat is grilled nicely. I guess my issue is that burritos can only get so good. I mean they're mostly made up of rice and beans and a little meat. So although El Farolito manages to side step so many burrito problems (bland rice, bland beans, soggy tortilla, too chewy meat, etc, etc) I didn't think "wow I love this burrito". If you like burritos and are craving one, I would recommend El Farolito over most others in the Mission. However, my favorite is still Taqueria Cancun.
This place is right by my house. I am a fan! The veggie burrito is super good. Also, my roommates LOVE the green salsa- snag that if you go in. Overall, great food for a good price. CASH ONLY! So keep that in mind.
easily one of the most overrated places in all of san francisco. seriously, do you know anyone who's gone here sober and enjoyed it? that's the true test of a taqueria. they over-salt their low-quality meat which may be fine when you're drunk, but it's disugsting when sober. was going to give them an extra star for being open until 4am on weekends, but that's only because they can't make much money at other hours
I DIE.open till 4 am..great to know..
This restaurant is a hole in the wall with great pricesTheir carne asada burrito was amazing!!! I never been here on a late night, but i heard this place is the place to be after a clubbing event.I wouldn't recommend the nacho. it was nothing out of the extraordinary.
Good and cheap mexican food in Mission.
lol Long story short, I came here a little tipsy one night because my friends and I were hungry and we were craving a burrito. This place is also open very late, for our convenience. I ordered a Super Suiza Chicken Quesadilla. yummmmm. I think coming here drunk or sober doesn't make a difference because their food is really good and fresh no matter what! It, indeed, filled me up though. Quite delicious if I say so myself. I will be coming here more often.
You can't put a price on the perfect burrito, but I'm happy to report El Farolito will fill your belly without emptying your wallet. Bonus: The beans are vegetarian! Nom!For our first visit here, I ordered the veggie and my husband ordered one with barbecue chicken. We both ooh'd and ahh'd over the taste, colors, and textures. The chips for an additional 50 cents were totally worth it: crispy and delicious. The salsa was flavorful but not too spicy -- a delicate balance, pulled off beautifully. I may still explore because this was my first official Mission burrito, but I'm pretty sure I'll hit this place up again at some point. The staff was friendly, the service was efficient, and you already know how I feel about the food and prices -- I can't think of anything bad to say whatsoever about this place! The Verdict: In a word: AWESOME!
Mexican food as it should be. I have been coming to El Farlito for 24 years and it is one of the two best burrito places in the city. The food is reasonably priced and is always consistently well prepared and it is open super late. Come to think of it, I do not even know when it closes I have been here a few times around 2am. The lines can be long, the floor and tables not the cleanest and the people coming in and out can leave you a bit uneasy, but hey it is the Mission and is a popular taqueria. My go to items my last visit, a regular carne asada taco with added avocado no beans and a lengua quesadilla suiza and a strawberry fresca light ice. Order took around six minutes to arrive table side. I love the pico salsa and the green verde salsa it just gives the burrito just the right spicy wetness. The asada in the burrito is well seasoned and has that lovely grilled greasy finish at the end. The lengua quesadilla, the cheese is melted giving it a stringy pizza like consistency. The lengua is soft and tender not all watery like many places who pre-make it and have it in the heating tray. The strawberry fresca is sweet and refreshing with some fresh bits of fruit. Best times to go are usually between 2-5PM if you do not like lines. Otherwise for the most part this place is usually packed during lunch, after work and late night on weekends but it is so well worth the wait.
im giving this place five stars, not because its the best mexican i've had ( or even close), but because its the closest to real mexican food I've had in the 2 years ive been in the bay area. The line is OUT THE DOOR. always. because ... socal is 300 miles away, so by default, its the best mexican food in a 300 mile radius ... cus, lets face it, the further north you go ... the further away you're heading from mexico. lol... the portions here are huuuuuuumonnnngouuuussss! but... they do use rice and beans, yuck. either way... not bad. I suggest getting the tortas or tacos. and the salsa's they serve are great :)
The steak taco is hella bomb, especially when you are intoxicated.Don't try to take a super intoxicated person in there, though. The path is narrow and said drunkard may or may not crash into certain tables.
Pretty good, but I much prefer the quesadillas at La Corneta (mm super steak and prawn) and Taqueria Cancun.
I'm really shocked that this place has 4.5 stars on yelp.Food is cheap, big portion but lack of Mexican spices. The burrito is just so huge that you'll get one bite with rice only and the other with meat only. The tequitos were dry, over cooked and no flavor whatsoever. And they have these Mexican performers who ask for change after they play music. It's kinda annoying when you are trying to chat with your buddy and they play music next to your ear over and over again until no one will give them anymore money.
Wow. That's all there is to say
Honestly I have had much better! I ordered the shrimp civiche and my cousin ordered the vegetarian enchiladas. they both tasted like sweet catchup or something was used- gross :(it's not authentic. I am really confused as to why people find this place SO wonderful.Maybe we ordered the wrong things or something.My friend ordered the shrimp burrito. I really like the shrimp, it tasted grilled.Not to mention, all of our stomaches hurt today...
Open til 1 or 2am on weekdays, and til 3am or so on weekends. Love it. Their "super" shrimp burrito is hands down my fav item on the menu and the one that has me jumping off my chair yelling "as good as it gets." I must admit though that I am jumping and yelling from Boston, where Mexican food does not exist. Would I be doing the same jumping and yelling if I lived in SF? I asked my magic 8ball and its answer was: signs point to yes. My friend orders the Super shrimp burrito with no rice, I must say it was delicious like that too. I like their super shrimp quesadillas. If you order your item as "super" you get Huge chunks of avocado (yes, avocado, not cacamole...who uses guacamole anymore anyway? cheap substitute if you ask me...).Their steak burrito is pretty good...defn a gut bomb to finish though. Their "torta" is very good. Torta = a mexican sandwich...at el farolito they serve it on a baguette with lettuce and i think tomato...very good.5 stars.
The worst thing about Seattle is the distinct lack of easily-obtained good burritos. I miss burritos so much. Sometimes I dream about them. Sometimes, if you ask me a question, my answer will be "Burritoooossssss." Sometimes when I get drunk I think, "I am going to go get a Mission burrito!" and then I realize I CAN'T. And then I sit down and cry on the curb until I pass out in the gutter. Burrito depression, everyone. It's a real thing.El Farolito's burritos are not the BEST I've ever had. But my god, just holding a Mission burrito in my hands makes me feel so much better. The lengua, the chorizo, and the el pastor are all good, and I never feel the need to add on the sour cream/avocados. I've still got half a burrito in my fridge (yes, I was desperate enough to fly back with half a burrito in my bag) and when it's gone I will no doubt spiral into a very dark place. Please don't take your burritos for granted. There are people out there, people like me, who live without that basic human need.
Went around 10 or 11, the food was solid, but i have had better.Got the wet super burrito, the sauce was pretty watery, which was a disappointment as all the other ingredients were so fresh and tasty.Also just a heads up, place is run down pretty bad, it would benefit from being remodeled.I'll go again because of proximity and value im sure, i hope it'll make me a bigger fan.
rated as #1 burrito joint in all of SF, i hurried my fatness to El Farolito. Carne Asada Super Burrito was cheap and huge in portions. My meat was slightly on the dry side and all the house sauces were disappointing and mild in flavor (where is the hot sauce???)they had mild mexican green peppers on the side to eat with your burrito and for the most part, it wasn't that spicy. then the last one i consumed....i swear it was a disguised habanero (i think they put just a few to ruin people's lives). i almost fainted....red face, runny nose, sweat, dizziness and uncontrollable pain were all part of this wonderful experience at El Farolito. My stomach is still burning as i write this review next morning. I bet they did this to get a kick out of watching customers here and there suffer as they innocently eat their "mild" peppers. El Farolito, I hate you.
Update: One year later, I now dream of these burritos. Sometimes I buy two and freeze one. It's a growing problem.
Very crowded but its great food wait does't take long great burrito for the price with all the cheese and sour cream and avocado doesn't get better than that
came here after clubbing on Saturday and was on a search for drunk food. after seeing 4.5 stars on yelp and that the place was opened until 4am, we ventured over to the Mission District.prices are cheap, but keep in mind that it's cash only so save some cash when you're buying drinks at the club. ordered the Super Burrito which had carne asada meat, cheese, sour cream and salsa (I took out the beans).took a bite and dammm, best burrito I've had in the bay! tortilla tasted really FRESH. this is key note when it comes to determining a decent burrito to a BOMB burrito. seriously so happy that I found this place since one of the biggest things I miss about living in So-Cal is the ever so delicious Mexican food. will definitely come back to grub here again!now if only they had fries it would be absolutely perfecto.
2048 reviews and they get 4.5 stars!!! They are doing something right!!!We were walking on mission and passed this place.. there was a huge line and I wondered why!!! Well, best thing to do is look on yelp and find out.. which I did.The line moved quick and as we got inside, it was crowded.. Not much to say about the inside, just benches/booths with a ton of people. A quick look on the menu made the mouth water for sure!!! Prices were amazingly low and they service.. well they served their food fresh, hot and quick.My wife got Quesadilla suzi with chicken, 2 tacos that were about the same price as the taco trucks, but bigger, while I got the veggie burrito and some chips.Wow.. was full and it was a great meal!!!Again, price, fast service, and hot food!!!Open til 3am?? that is awesome...
After hours spot in the Mission- the line is always worth the wait for their burritos
Food is really good and hits the spot during those late nights. It gets a bit crowded but the price is good and the portions are big
El Farolito has the best burritos ever! I like them so much this is all I order whenever I come around this place. The prices are good and so is the service. The sitting area is a bit small, but at least you get to sit. Nachos are extra .50 cents, which I'll pay just to eat them with that delicious salsa they got. Can't wait to come back =)
Cheap, good, quick, and fresh. Meat were fresh.
THE KING OF MISSION BURRITOS!! Seriously folks, this is the crem de la crem. San Francisco has the best burritos in the world (better than Mexico, New Mexico, Tucson, SoCal, Texas, wherever), and this is one of, if not the, best burrito spots in SF. Meaning, this is one of the best burritos in the world. Period.
EPIC LATE NIGHT FEAST. carne asada burrito!I just wonder what it tastes like in daytime & sober.....
Wow was this place good! BF and I got super burrito and super quesadilla suiza. Both were delicious and soooo worth the money. The salsa verde is excellent too! The restaurant itself is very run down, but it's all part of the charm.
Last night I turned right on Mission. I had that hunger, you know the one where your stomach yearns for something the size of a baby's leg, wrapped in a flour tortilla, filled with all the food groups, ensconced like a damaged reactor in silvery tin foil? You with me? It was that kind of night, the world was flying by me from 26th in black and white and every face was mean and ugly and ravaged until I saw the light of El Farolito like the light house of Alexandria itself, mythical in it's tiny size, a wonder of our urban streets.I said to myself if a parking spot opens up it was meant to be. I passed the beacon and just as I was about to hit the light on the corner of 23rd and nowhere a subaru pulled out revealing the 2nd most rare thing in San Francisco after a sunny summer day: a parking space. I walked in got in line and then thought I might pass out from low blood sugar. Look, the place is the size of my closet, it's long, slim and unlike jim, you don't want to break in there cause it's full of cameras, motion detectors and a grizzly feasting patronage that make you think twice about looking anyone in the eye. But the upside is the burritos do not skimp. Nope the fellas wielding slices of avocado and ladles of salsa make a solid fleshy log like offering of rice, beans, sour cream and other goodness. I took a gander at the quesadilla for two, it's massive, no seriously, there's like a pound of meat on it or more. The Al Pastor, the measure of any good taco truck is tasty with a nice zing to it, all in all a solid feast-aval in the mission. The one downside, the bloody line, it don't move fast.
The quesadilla suiza para dos is truly for two; you definitely don't want to take on it solo.  It is doused with plenty of cheese, a fair share of meat of your choice (we chose al pastor but the carnitas and pollo looked equally as delicious), and includes fresh avocado slices.  Split it with someone else and you'll only be out of pocket $6. El Farolito is conveniently located outside of the 24th St BART station so there is no reason not to be able to get your Mexican food fix on in the Mission District.
I made a huge mistake. I worked out before coming here and in the process of getting myself ready to venture outside, I gave in and ate. Big mistake. Should have waited, because this place is amazing.Conveniently located right next to the 24th street BART, it's a cinch to get to. Which is promising, because really the food is pretty phenomenal. Don't go by the looks of the place. It's a narrow area where you're constantly getting in each other's way to get to a table in the back where you can sit and eat. The place isn't much to boast of, but the service is good and it's the food that takes it to the next level. As I was not particularly hungry, I passed up the opportunity to try something new, but the bf decided to get a carne asada regular burrito...I tried to get him to go for the super burrito to no avail. Did I mention how upset I was to not have come here on an empty stomach?$6 for the carne asada burrito and man was it done well. I don't even eat beef and this was out of this world good! The portion is really big as well so when bf decided to give up on finishing, I picked up right where he left off and did it in. I can hear my mom yelling at me all the way from the east coast about eating beef.Great stuff! Def come here to try the carne asada in anything practically. I also hear the quesadilla suiza is delicious. Will be the next on my list :)And when you're done with the food, head next door to the pub with pool tables. The complete dive-y bar with ridiculously amazing food experience is waiting for you.And if you can only really make it when you're stumbling around the mission on a late night, worry not my friends for this place is open until 3 in the morning! Could life be any better? Perhaps. But it's difficult to imagine.
best burrito ever. Period.
So pretty much any mexican food with this many Yelp reviews I must have. So on a really nasty, cold and rainy day in San Francisco I grab a cab and head to the other side of town to try El Farolito. I figured that this place place would be fantastic with so much hype.When I arrived there was a line out the door. While waiting in the rain my stomach began to warm up and make way for the warm filling it would soon receive. The grill was stack high with piles of meat and tortillas for the loyal customers waiting in the rain. I ordered the Carne Asada Super Burrito. I sat down at the first booth that became available and snacked on the chips I had. The chips were pretty lame but the salsa was good. It wasn't spectacular, but I still enjoyed it. After only a few minutes my burrito came out.Carne Asada Super Burrito- This burrito is big enough to feed several small people or just one really hungry dude. I happen to be that dude. The burrito was tightly wrapped and the fresh tortilla was soft and a little chewy, it was excellent. The burrito was stuffed with carne asada, beans, rice, sour cream, avocado, and cheese. It was fantastic and hit the bottom of my stomach and put me into a burritocoma. Great experience.Fresh Mexican.Great Burrito's.Cheap Eats.While that wasn't the best Carne Asada Burrito I have had in the area. It was still freaking delicious.
This place is yummy awesome! Had the shrimp burrito and it was huge and cheap! I'm drooling while im writing the review...lol
I was starving at 1am last night. Called to see if they were still serving food cause the pictures looked awesome. The guy on the phone had a thick accent so I had trouble understanding him. He got sick of me saying "What?" and hung up on me. Screw this place.
El Farolito capped off what was perhaps the worst day of my life. Verizon took my phone to try to find a charger and then they gave me back my phone with a messed up charger port. I'm not blaming them. I'm just saying that I handed them a working phone and they gave me a non-working one and then told me I didn't qualify to upgrade. After my sig. other talked me down from a ledge of cell phone insanity, she said "Let's get a mission burrito." Oh, my date knows me well. What else could bring me out of this slump of cell phone hate? As you well know, cell phone hate burns a lot of calories and thankfully the trusted El Farolito is within site. Two Carne asada super burritos please. One bite and we were both saddened. The carne asada was burnt and the rice ridiculously dry. It was disappointing on so many levels.  It simply wasn't any good.I've had to get used to the bloated opinion of San Franciscans about their Mission burritos. As another yelper pointed out, SF Mexican simply isn't that good. It's better in LA. Heck, I've had better in Indiana.
Absolutely Delicious!! The food was delicious at El Farolito at least the Carne Asada burrito was, LOL. I've only been twice. After my first visit, I made a mental note that the next time I went I would try something different, but it had been so long I needed a reminder of how the burrito tasted. It was just as good as the first time. The flavor are great and especially the Carne Asada. I promise next time I'm trying something different. Small place. The employee's are fairly nice for as quickly as they are moving.
Yuck, did not please my tastebuds.I've been dying to try El Farolito for far too long and was only disappointed by my food. Maybe I messed up by getting the carne asada burrito on a plate with my spinach tortilla on the side.. Not sure but I'll admit the carne asada was extremely tasteful but everything else was bland and boring.. I liked how they give you sliced avocados but I received paper thin slices of avocado on my plate. Moreover, the rice and beans were tasteless and nothing special. I tried to make it better with their 3 different salsas but my burrito bowl still tasted mediocre. I ended up just picking out all the carne asada meat out and packing everything else in a doggy bag for my dog at home.I also had a bite of my boyfriends carne asada burrito and was not amazed. I'm a little confused as to why so many people have rated this place so highly and even said it's better than SoCal burritos.. I would have to disagree as I think Lucha Libre in SD makes a much tastier burrito. Even La Vics in San Jose beats El Farolito by far too much..
On another cold night here in NYC, my mind wonders back to my 3 years in San Francisco and some of the things I really miss about SF right now.1. Weather2. In-N-Out3. El FarolitoThose big slices of cheese melted in the burrito and nights where I went big and went with refried beans instead of black beans. 7x7 taste tests also reconfirms you are el rey of burritos in San Francisco.On my must visit list when I come back to San Francisco.
Best chicken super suiza ever! It's especially delicious after a night out :) you'll always find a line out the door here at 2am on the weekends, but it's definitely for a reason.Make sure to load up on the green salsa, but some days it's spicier than others.
Shrimp burrito is excellent. It might be because of the lack of quality Mexican food up north that I have a bias for cheap, delicious Mexican food, but everyone else seem to agree that this place is solid.Also helps that it's open late. I wouldn't recommend LUI (longboarding under the influence) there at 3:45 am trying to get a late night meal though.
First time to a taqueria in SF so I didn't know what to expect. We went after work one evening and the line was short and moved quickly.The menu was great, a huge selection of burritos, enchiladas, nachos, and quesadillas. I got the super burrito with chicken it came filled with rice, beans, sour cream, avocado, cheese, etc. It had to be nearly 5lbs. My boyfriend and I each got our own and will share next time.Seating was limited and the mariachi band that came in was a bit loud so we took ours to-go. Burrito was amazing and affordable ($6.50) Next time im trying the suriza quesadilla.
If you love the chicken & rice from 53rd and 6th in NYC, then you will love the burritos here after a late night out. I think that's all that needs to be said about this location. And bring cash.
After being out east for a bit of time, I haven't had a great burrito in a while. I saw the reviews on yelp and I came in expecting a lot. I have to say, this place lives up to all the great reviews its been getting.I tried the taco with brain because my friend really wanted to try it. It had a nice creamy texture that reminded me a lot of sweetbreads. If you like organ meat, you'd love this taco.i next had the super burrito with cabeza (stewed beef head meat). It was a delicious burrito. The meat was flavorful and really tender and the burrito itself was solid. I didn't think it was amazing, but it was still a really good burrito.The highlight of my meal was the super quesadilla suiza with carne asada. This was undoubtedly the best quesadilla I've ever had. The tortilla was grilled and crispy. The carne asada, melted cheese, avocado and sour cream made for a perfect filling. I've had a lot of quesadillas and I can say this one was special. Next time I come back, I'm getting this.This is a great taqueria. This place serves great food and on top of that most items are under $6. Highly recommended.
Yum! One thousand thank you's to the SF friend who recommended this place to me (and to the bartender and other patron who overheard her recommendation and said "oh, that place is really good"). BEST TACOS AL PASTOR I have ever had, and it's my favorite, so I order it many places. Delicious pork-y goodness, with fresh onions and cilantro. Yum again! Reasonable prices on the tacos and burritos (which looked amazing, but was more than I needed at 10am), but the drink prices are a higher mark-up...not unreachable, but not a "deal", either. Order at the the counter. Cash only (as all the best places tend to be). Small no nonsense place. And hooray for having early hours. I only had 4 hours to wander in the Mission. Had intended to start with Humphrey Slocombe for breakfast and El Farolito for lunch. However, the ice cream place didn't open until noon, but a quick check on my phone told me El Farolito was already open. So, TACOS FOR BREAKFAST! Yum, again, I say. The man at the counter seemed concerned that I was only ordering two tacos. I assured him I'd be alright (as I intended to nibble my way through SF. And boy, did I do well!!)You can just tell from the old sign out front and the steady lines (and the 2000+ yelp reviews) that this place DOES IT RIGHT!
Don't Cheat yaself, TREAT yaself! The one & only spot to get an authentic, world- renowned San Francisco style Mission burrito! Monstrous, cheap, & mouthwatering. There's a reason the lines so freaking long. .50 chips? free fresh salsa? not to mention salsa verde of the gods!? AND its open late!? What more can you ask for, GET THERE. Just know it gets loud, cramped, cold, and sketch.. which is relatively nothing in comparison to the food your about to devour.
must be the most overrated burrito joint on the planet... people raving about the best burrito in the US. Well it just isn't folks. It's a lotta food for the money, and I suspect that's what many folks care about, but if the taste is your thing, then nope, this ain't it. Not that it's not good, it is. But I've had better TASTING burritos at many other places. And all the comments about their amazing salsas and guacamole? They're all pretty run-of-the-mill, and aren't differentiable from any other good authentic salsas. If you're used to eating taco bell in Kansas City I can see you thinking El Faro is great. But if you've had good hole-in-the-wall burittos and salsas, this place falls short.
Before my trip to SF, I did some yelp research for a really good, authentic Mexican restaurant in the Mission and found El Farolito with its over 1700 reviews, mostly 4 to 5 stars. Husband and I took the muni and the BART down to the Mission and easily found the glorious hole-in-the-wall restaurant. The restaurant was constantly busy and it seems like everyone eats here....you have your gangbangers, hipsters, and even Asian families. Even though the interior was a bit dark and uninviting, the food was just amazing!! El Farolito produced some of the best tacos we've ever had. Delicious, delicious! Plus, they have an awesome salsa bar! As always, Yelp did not fail. We were so sad that we were unable to make a second trip to El Farolito during our stay. Until out next trip....
I do love me some tacos and nachos. Even better when I can score it all for less than $10! It never fails, no matter what time of day, there is always a line when I'm walking by El Farolito. Probably because 1) they are open really late, 2) it is cheap, and 3) they are purveyors of greasy goodness.The grilled chicken taco ($2) was tasty despite all the drippy messiness. The nachos ($4) had the correct melted cheese to chip ratio (i.e. "a hella lot" to "um ok throw some chips in there so I don't look weird inhaling a big plate of melted cheese.") Course there were some beans, avocados and jalepenos in there too. They also had 3 different types of salsa. I saw other people ordering burritos and they were ridiculously large (even for Mission burritos). I had to deduct a star for the dirty environs. Yikes! There is some seating there but best get yo' greasy goodies to go. I like to think that even though the place was dirty, that the food was prepared in a sanitary manner. Sometimes ignorance is bliss!
Ok, so I'm going to go against popular opinion and give this place only 3 stars.Oh no, BLASPHEMY!I have my reasons though. First, this place is just not that good. I don't know what it is with San Franciscans and Mission burritos, but they're nothing to write home about. The beef in the super burrito is good, but nothing like some of the best carne asada I've had at other restaurants. Their salsas are also quite bland.So the burrito probably earns the restaurant 4 stars -- until you consider the actual restaurant. I walk into El Farolito and just feel like everything is dirty; there seems to be a layer of grime everywhere. Cleanliness is pretty important for me, so the rating takes a hit.To summarize: 4-star burrito at a 2-star-looking restaurant.
My bf got a burrito here a few weeks ago and it was so finger-licking good that I had to come back! Not to mention I live in the Mission District and take the Bart ALL the time but have never stepped foot in there! haha I visited El Farolito again yesterday with one of my coworkers for lunch. I ordered 2 tacos, one with grilled chicken and the other with beef tongue just to mix things up. Both of them were bursting with flavor and they didn't skimp on the meat or toppings at all! I devoured both of them in a matter of minutes and the salsa on them was quite spicy but nothing I couldn't handle. =) Another thing is that it's cheap here too...$1.95 per taco or $3.95 for a regular burrito! I can't wait to try something new the next time I come here...maybe one drunken night since it's open late. Another plus...5 stars all the way!
I love their tacos here. Carne asade and al pastor tacos...yum yum yum. I'm from San Diego and grew up with burritos that were only filled with meat, guac, cheese, and sour cream...none of this rice stuff in our burritos. However, I'll vouch for the deliciousness of the tacos. My only real complaint is that they serve lemons instead of lime with the tacos. It's a small thing, but man it would put it over the top of it was actually a lime!I know, I sound like a snob here, but I'm picky when it comes to my Mexican food...and this is the only place I'll go when I'm craving Mexican.
Line out the door just before 10pm...is that normal?I've been hearing about this place so where do I take my sister and and her BF after their evening at the California Academy of Sciences Zombie NightLife...Brian B. orders the carne asada burritos and tacos. These bad boys were huge! They weren't skimpy on the meat. Line moved fast, food was served quickly, and burritos were tasty...only negative was the meat was over salted.
El Farolito.....oh oh oh oh! oh oh oh oh!This place is THE BOMB! Once, a guy asked me where I wanted to go on our date. I said, "EL FAROLITO!!!!" He said, "Ummmm ok, I had something more upscale in mind, but I'm down with that".  So off we went to El Farolito.  We could have gone to a romantic, 3 course dinner at one of the finer restaurants the city has to offer, but I opted for some good, scratch that, AWESOME, authentic no-frills Mexican food instead. No regrets! I got the carne asada super quesadilla suiza. With a squirt of lime and some salsa over the top, and you have yourself a scrumptious meal!Plus points for the huge portions as well!
Ever since I moved to Chicago from SF, I've had dreams about the El Farolito burrito: dreams of the giant warm grilled tortilla wrapped around juicy pieces of al pastor with slices of avocado, fresh pico, sour cream, delicious pinto beans, and warm rice. Or, should I say nightmares. Because inevitably the morning after these dreams, I wake up hungry and devastated that I live 2,000 miles away.So last Sunday, the moment I had been waiting for arrived. My BF & I landed at SFO hungover from the night before (hello 6AM flight). And I only knew one cure: the al pastor super burrito from El Farolito.We dropped our bags off at the hotel and immediately took BART to my beloved tacqueria.The BF now knows why I've had dreams about this place for the past two years. The burrito was even better than I remembered it to be. I am salivating just writing this review. Salivating, hungry, and sad.Now that I'm back in Chicago, I'll continue to have these dream-nightmares. I cannot wait to go back to El Farolito. One day.
Full disclosure: Their decision to not allow me to use my Scoutmob discount, which was expiring that day, cost them a star. The details were clear, today was the last day, and they still wouldn't accept it. Lame.So here I was stuck paying the full $8 for a shrimp burrito, and I was in a "this better be good" kind of mood. There was a line out the door upon arrival, so I figured the Mission knew what was up.And what is up is a pretty good burrito. More shrimp than similar options elsewhere, but the lack of wheat tortillas is another strike. I respect simplicity, but I also respect giving me a choice when I'm dropping eight bones on a burrito.Three stars no matter what. The discount debacle makes an A-OK memory more on the A-Not OK side.
I love this place. I usually get the carne asada super burrito. Believe me, this thing is packed with all the fixings you could ever want and you can even add more "fire" to your burrito with the little salsa bar they have available. This burrito is filled with TONS (and I seriously mean TONS) of rice, beans, meat, guac, sour cream, etc. Eating this slowly to embrace each bite will make you want to unbotton that top buttom by the time you are done.Other than the burrito, I had a friend order the nachos. Oh my goodness these nachos were huge. The nachos were basically a burrito without the tortillo all over chips. It was so good that even though I had the burrito I was munching on the nachos. I highly suggest you get either or both if you have a group of friends that are REALLY hungry.I not only love this place for its great overly stuffed burrito but because this place is open late (to my surprise until 2am I believe) and it's on Mission Street which is close to one of my fave bars and they are quick...so quick that by the time you order and find a table to munch on your chips and salsa your burrito is done!The staff is friendly and pretty patient with you when you are trying to decide what to get. The prices are great, the times are convenient for party goers who really just want a quick filling meal so that you can go home nice, happy and plump!The only reason this place received 4 stars from me and not 5 is simply because I live in Sacramento and there's nothing like this place over there. I think they need to move to Sacramento. hahaI can't wait until the next time I come back here again to have either my super burrito or the nachos. Yummy!
Great burrito and quesadilla, will be coming back.
If there was a zero star option, I would have picked it. DINERS BEWARE!I went to El Farolito without problem a few times....til earlier this year. I was with 2 kids. We were about to leave and I had to take the boy to the restroom. When I got up my cellphone fell out of my pocket onto a bench.When I came back from the restroom, I was told by MORE THAN ONE eye witnesses that a man that work there that clean our table took my cellphone with bright colored case. It was obvious. I asked to speak to the man and he said that he did not have it. The manager refused to help and they protected one another. Blaming the eye witnesses. I did not get my cellphone back.Well, to be fair, the food was decent. May be 3 stars...but it just doesn't worth going to a place that full of dishonest people. There are SO MANY places to eat in the Mission. I rather spend my $$$ elsewhere.This place is not very kids friendly either.
La taqueria was closed, but the owner recommended that we go down the street to El Farolito. I asked the guy behind the counter what they recommended between the al pastor and the pollo, and they advised that I go with the pollo. I got a super burrito which was huge! It was pretty good, but it improved when I dumped the hot salsa and the avocado salsa on it. Not a bad burrito option if you are in the area, though next time I'd try to get something other than the chicken.
El Farolito is nestled deep in the Mission District, a place where I was assured I wouldn't get shanked. Put at ease, I scrambled in late on a Friday night to find the place packed with my like-minded brethren, hungry for foods that end with O. Decor-wise El Farolito is an exercise in Big Bird yellows and grime, but you will too distracted by the din, the shouted Spanish, and the sizzling of authentic Mexican foodstuffs to notice.Tacos are cheap ($2) here so I hooked myself up with three. I sat down with nary a napkin before I dove into my trio of crispy tacos. Bad move. Barely a bite in I was surrounded by a miasma of sweet taco bliss. The steak, pollo, and chorizo -- which happen to be the increasing order of awesome -- were perfect. Though I was creating an ever-growing pile of tortilla shells and toppings with each bite, I simply manned up with a fork and hit it like a taco salad. (Can you man up and eat a salad?) I wasn't planning on wasting one delcious morsel. Obligatory Title Pun: Make it your MISSION to visit El Farolito.Menu Readability: Good. All the options are listed on sign over head.Need to mention: The service is incredible. Food comes out pretty fast.What this place teaches me about myself: I would risk a dozen shankings to return here.
I went to this restaurant very late at night about 3 weeks ago and it was PACKED. They were out of chicken so I got a carnitas burrito. I had been drinking earlier that night and wanted to fill my tummy with something yummy. This place did the trick!I was a little unprepared for it being cash only. Luckily my friend could spot me the $6.All in all I enjoyed the food and I didn't get a stomach ache in the morning.
bomb.com! I'm from SJ & my fellow SF friends told me this place pretty much sh*ts on SJDT's La Vic's...so we just haddd to see what all the hype was about. It was in the middle of the sorta ghettro, so hella people were out at night & a bit scary since I'm not from the city. We got the super burrito w/ carne asada & had a coupon from ScoutMob for like 50% off! A super burrito for only $3.50?! Winnnn! Pure deliciousness, my go to spot when i'm feelin mexican in the city :)
This spot is my new favorite go to late night joint. There's a reason why there's a line out the door. The food is good and cheap. I went with the carnitas dirty burrito. Delish!
authentic mexican food that is open super late on the cheap, does it get better?
yes. Yes. YES! Oh sorry - that was just my Mexican food O-Face.These are the most legit, fast, delicious burritos I've had in the Mission. Get a super shrimp burrito and you won't be disappointed. Then, hop on BART right outside and happily sink into a salsa food coma.PS. The quesadillas are pretty fantastic too.
Best damn Mexican food in the city!! Trust. El Farolito you rock my socks. MMm Tacos you do me good, wow hot salsa you have an awesome KICK, quesadillas you rock my world at 3am.Have patience, that long line is totally worth - chat it up and make some friends while you're waiting, I mean these people obviously have great taste like you do. Maybe you'll get lucky and Santiago will be working....damn, he's a hottie. All the cooks are friendly too.
A burrito can only be so good, but something about El Farolito's makes them a notch above the rest. The first thing I ate in 2011 after a long night celebrating was a tripe burrito from this place. They have the right proportions of meat, rice, avocado, cheese, etc. A couple days ago I had a chorizo burrito. They cooked the meat until it was crispy. Man, I was happy.
Ahhh I had an El Farolito burrito!!!! Am I part of the cool club now along with the other hipsters? ; )Okay.. I've been hearing rave reviews about how an El Farolito burrito is "THE" best burrito in the Mission. Maybe I've also heard it may be the best burrito in all of San Francisco! REALLY???Okay so I've gone there twice so far.. both times I've gotten a grilled chicken SUPER burrito (gotta have the works right?)Nom Nom Noming into my burrito I say to myself, "This tastes like a burrito... ok and??" I don't see or taste anything special about it??! Ok so it has the cheese, beans, rice, guac, sour cream, very dry chicken, salsa, tortilla, and nicely wrapped inside tin foil. Where's my OMG DROOOL FACE AMAZING BURRITO??? Ok ok, I think I get it now..... I can see why it is really good to a lot of people: It's SUPER GREASSYYY!!! Cheesey, Greeasssyyyy, slimy, smushy, melty moist burrito. It's the kind of burrito that melts and oozes in your mouth I guess. If you are hella (rockin' the norcal slang) drunk, hella hungry, hella tired and want a super amazballs NomNom-ing session in your mouth at odd hours of the night (like 3am)... OF COURSE this burrito is going to be soooooo amazing!!! I GET IT!!! but bleeeeeeh.... it makes your tummy and aura feel like poo poo. Both times I did not finish my burrito because it was so greasy and made me feel icky. I normally don't eat greasy foods.. and so the effects of something like this really weighs me down and alters my way of being. An El Farolito Burrito is the fastfood mcdonalds of burritos. It's not healthy. At All. Look at the mushy oily brown gunk they are cooking your burrito in on the grill!! THE ATMOSPHERE/SPACE:El Farolito feels like a bar. It's bustling with loud patrons, it has an awkward let me stare at you nom noming your burrito feeling, you get pushed and shoved in the aisle, and it feels like someone left their left over grease all over the tables and chairs. This is the kind of place where you might want to come with friends (not alone), especially late at night. It for some reason has an eery awkward feeling in there!! Men gawking at you with their burrito glazed nom noming eyes...gross!! Girls, can you agree with me??Not only that, you get walked on when you're going pee pee in the bathroom!! I'm not sure how they got their bathrooms organized or who has control of the buzzing door, but they need to make the bathrooms more secure. So it's ONE STALL with 1 urinal and two toilets. Do they want us to all pee together as a group staring at each other??? Both times Ive been there... someone has walked in on me using the bathroom...i even had it "locked for my own privacy" as per what the sign told me to do. And I always here the buzzer go off to let someone in!!!!! heck no!! ehHh.Thanks El Farolito, I respect your guys' service to provide food to hungry nom noming burrito fans of the Mission...but you may be my last resort kinda place.... =) No offense!!!
Freakin delicious burrtios. Most folks like the pork, but I think the carne asada is good too. Don't forget to get your salsa! I love the roasted peppers that are in the salsa bar too! The burritos are huge and worth the price :)
I prefer going to the other location on the other side of Mission Street, but this one had to do for that particular night. Came here on a Friday night, there were quite some people, actually there were tons of people and the line never stopped forming. The food as usual is good, carne asada super quesadilla is good but not as delicious as the other location that I mentioned above. The guys here aren't as friendly either, and since when did they start charging .50 for chips??
My English class had this project for the semester. One of the "requirements" was to go take photos in front of places, and one of the places was El Farolito. Now just so you know, I don't like burritos. I prefer to avoid them, but I thought, "Hey, I'm already here, might as well give it a try."The restaurant isn't really "spacey" but when we went, there were enough seats for our group to sit down. They even have their own retro juke-box (which I thought was really cool). We got the Super Burrito, but I forgot what type of meat we chose. The cashier brought our burritos to us. The burritos were bigger than I had imagined! I remember tasting lots of meat, especially the beans. I could see the rice, but not really taste it. It was a messy eat (I'm a beginner burrito-eater), but the burrito lives up to the hype. I was so full too and it was just HALF of it. My friend also ordered some nachos, which tasted good as well.I'm not really a burrito-eatting type of person, but it filled me up and that's what matters. Maybe I'll come back one day.
Definitely better in a half inebriated state late at night, than sober and earlier in the evening. Lemme preface by saying I had the super suiza 1/2 lengua 1/2 carne asada (per Ngoc N's rec), twice in the same night, the first being while totally sober at around 9:30pm, the second while a bit inebriated at about 2am. Obviously, it was tastier the second time around, but there are a number of factors that may have contributed:1) no salsa verde the first time around: pretty essential ingredient, must eat with each bite, otherwise it seems lacking somehow...2) late night grease accumulation on the grill: hypothetical, but perhaps late night eats are tastier b/c of all the grease from the day just flavoring the grill...3) state of inebriation: obviously a given, it's gonna taste better when you're more drunk than not...My one main complaint is the excessive greasiness, but I only noticed that while sober.... otherwise great place for late night dirty Mex food!
I went there for breakslow today. (Meaning I didn't have breakfast until after 1pm.) I had a al pastor super burrito and fresh strawberry juice. It.was.marvelous.It took me a couple of rounds to finish the whole thing. 2 1/2 hours later and I'm still full.It's just great!
What can you say about a place that has 1300+ reviews that hasn't been said before...? I'm not sure but I'll add that the steak burrito I had was beyond amazing. It was so freakin good, I need to explore the rest of what they have on the menu. Enjoy!
Went as the first meal of the new year so the line wasn't too bad at all. I had a carne asada super burrito while a friend had the tripe. Mine came out pretty fast and was simple, excellent, and meat was super flavorful. I like how it is straight avocado in the burrito. The tripe was ridiculous. it tasted like.. baconed pork rinds. i dont know if that makes sense. but it was amazing. give it a shot!
What is there left to say about El Farolito? They do Mexican food right. The servings are large and tasty and the line moves quickly enough. They stay open well after last call which i'm sure is a strategic move on their part. Get the super suiza or any of the burritos and you will not leave disappointed.
My Hubby loves loves burrito. He thinks this place is the best! I'm more on the crispy & fresh side - crisp taco or tostata with beans or fish is my thing. I ended up ordering chicken taco here. Not my style - lots of plain chickens with little bit of lettuce. Maybe I should have added some sauce? I have to give 4 stars because my Hubby really loved their burrito which means they are really good. Trust me, my hubby's very picky about meat. When he tells me it's good then it really is good. He wants to go back there again but we don't live in the city. I have a feeling that we'll go there whenever we go to the city.
El Farolito is what it is- near, if not at, the top of the low-end Mexican burrito places. I have visited a few times over the years, and everything is tasty, coated with greasy goodness, and guaranteed to disturb your digestion for the next 12-24 hours after dining. Carnitas is great! You know what you are getting into when you enter, and there is usually a crowd, especially in the evenings, and even longer lines late,late night! This all said, you will always enjoy your grub, and don't expect more than a top-grade $6 burrito.
I keep hearing that this place has possibly the best burrito in the city. So far, compared to the other places I've had in the city, that may hold true. However, I rarely eat Mexican food in the city because of the fact that I'm from San Diego and I'm kind of a Mexican food snob.That being said, this burrito does not compare to San Diego. While everyone says that the burritos are huge, these are standard in SD and probably like $2 cheaper. Don't get me wrong, the burrito is actually pretty good, but believe me once you try Mexican food from San Diego (and I mean in the hood, not one of those ones that look like chain restaurants), you'll know what I'm talking about.Also, they don't have jamaica. I have never encountered that before in a taco shop.
If Anthony Bourdain were here, he'd say "OH YEA BABY! Come to daddy!" Dang, the chicken burrito is huggeee and pretty tasty. Best of all, it didn't break my wallet. $5.75 for one giant burrito, can't beat that!Bathroom tip: I was waiting and waiting for using the restroom until I realized you have to ask one of guys to buzz you in. haha...ok I know better next time.
Super Burrito with carne asade with everything! Can't go wrong with it. Although next time I want to try the beef tongue. The burrito is pretty awesome, but they got lots of other things on the menu that looks good. I'll be back to try more. Location is good if you're on the bart. literally right outside the station. Line can be long, but moves quickly. Price is right too...CHEAP!
Jesus Christ and a half El Farolito might as well be my new favorite burrito spot (at least in SF), and I wasn't even drunk when I had it! I came here at around 9:00 with a buddy of mine to see what the hype was all about, and yep, their burritos lived up to it. The place itself looks dirty, but let's not kid ourselves the best food is usually in these type of hole-in-the-wall environments. A little under 6 bucks will get you a super carne asada burrito with some perfectly grilled carne asada and some fresh ingredients, especially the avocado which they literally scoop off from the fruit. Yes folks each bite into this burrito is truly sex in your mouth, and keep in mind this burrito is massive. So... prepare to have lots of sex in your mouth would be the central theme of this little statement. I ate the whole thing in one sitting, so you can get an idea of what I went through.If you're willing to wait a bit in line as well as for your food to be made, I promise you the wait is worth it. Shoot, we drove 10-15 minutes away from our friends place in Nob Hill just to try the damn place. You might as well take your sweet time filling up multiple cups of salsa (especially the green sauce) as you wait. I am highly anticipating a return so that I may try the shrimp burrito because it just looked delicious. If only they made carne asada fries.
I'd recommend brushing up on your spanish, but the food was absolutely amazing.
yes. yes. yes. I looove mexican food. I could probably eat it for every meal for a month straight which is why it's good I don't live in the mission or else I would be here everyday! I've had everything from their tacos, to quesadilla and burrito and everything is very delicious!
12 types of meat to choose from at the taco bar, 10 drunk chics and everyone one of us leaving happy and satisfied. Just to make sure it wasn't just the alcohol making it taste awesome, I ordered a burrito to go and tried it in the morning, it was just as amazing as it was fresh after the club. Thanks for the great Mexican food!! Definitely coming back here after a binger again :)
I've looked all over for a good taqueria in the bay and it seems like El Farolito may be that place. It felt like I was back in SoCal when I was here. The carne asada super burrito was solid and so was the horchata. My only complaint would be that the carne asada seemed a little under seasoned during my visit.
This place doesn't need any more reviews, but I need to profess my love for Farolito.In the wake of being unable to find Cancun (after having a great experience there), I sought out Farolito once because it was the closest Mexican place to where I was staying and I will say, I did NOT enjoy my burrito. I can't remember why, but it was enough for me to say - never again.That changed the last time I was in San Francisco and dying for late night food and the only thing that was open was El Farolito. I can't recall which meat I got the first time, but I was into al pastor upon my second visit and got the Al Pastor super burrito. Damn, I wish I got two. It was epic. Delicious, meaty, huge. I would never think I could even finish one of those, and after finishing it I just wanted more. The salsa was great (green was my fav) but it didn't even need it. It was awesome on it's own.I tried asking people on line what to get and they kept telling me carne asada (which was what I thought i had the first time and hated it). I went with my gut, and then my gut was happy.Al Pastor Super Burrito all the way!
Had the super chicken burrito.  Okay somewhat bland. Loved the torta sandwich with chroizo. The salsa bar has three choices. The other taco place near 16th Bart has about 20 choices. This place seems ok but by far not the best place in the Mission!
Hum..I'll have to try some other burrito joints before adding too much about whether it's the best place to go or not.I got the super burrito with carne asada and no beans. It was pretty good, a little salty but still good and satisfied my hunger. An order of chips comes in a large amount for only 50 cents so why not? Their salsa bar is average. I would have liked more spice but not complaining. Their carne asada was a bit chewy and had some fatty parts, but that's okay. It wasn't all of it. The super burrito also comes with avocados, sour cream, salsa, cheese, and rice (I think it was the rice that was salty).I guess, I'm always going to end up comparing to the real deal in mexico or san diego (or even more close by, Viva Taqueria in Santa Clara), but in comparison to that, three stars is my best option. If you're in the mood for a burrito, be my guest! There is nothing BAD about this place. Just your average joint. It's just that there's nothing particularly special. Thanks El Farolito, though! For satisfying my hunger when I needed it most.P.S. Service is good. The people behind the counter are friendly even in the midst of their busy-ness making food for the line of customers.
Wow. This has taken my Mexican food eating to the next level. This place is awesome. The burritos are size of little babies and the horchatas thich with cinnamon. This place is the real deal. This is my second time coming here. I decided to get some tacos (Carne Asada) since my last visit, i had the baby sized burrito which was awesome but way too much. The tacos were excellent and not too oily with tons of onions. The green salsa was just spicy enough. The price was cheap for the amount of food you got.The only big negatives are the lines that can develop here and the dirtyness that makes everything sticky and the street parking.Big two thumbs up!
Best place to get a burrito in the Mission so far. Also great place for late night munchies too. Their meat taste really awesome because they marinate and grill their meat. I've seen drama happen during my munch down. For a example, bunch of ghetto gay dudes almost got into a fight with some bum. Luckily, the bouncer kick the bum out. There's usually a long line right after the bars and clubs close. Just make sure you come in the right time to avoid the long line.
It's 2 AM.I'm riding a buzz as we stop byAnd I start twilight thinking about what I want to eat.Should I order take-out?Crud, GrubHub is down, signifying the endBut I want a meal now.Could we please go get some chow?Forgive my indecision.....It's 3 AM.Now you would think that I'd made up my mindBut my stomach is grumbling and telling all otherwiseAnd what did I find?I never thought I could want tacos so much'Cause now we're driving and I'm knee deep in that hunger.Forgive my indecision ... I am only so drunk....Yes, I'm currently listening to Incubus and debating whether or not I should venture out to El Farolito again. It's a bit run down, with fast-talking folks behind slicing and dicing onions, cilantros and grilled meat. I've never really ordered anything other than the tried-and-true taco de lengua. Yeah, tongue. SUCK IT!These awesome tacos come in double tortilla layers, topped off by fiery salsa roja, cilantros and onion. It's a juicy mess, but it satisfies my twilight cravings, especially after I've hit up some drinks. It's a fail-safe for Friday and Saturday nights.I've tried their burritos and flautas, which were both a bit on the "meh" side of things. But their tacos have kept me joyously noshing the rest of the evening. If they took plastic instead of just cash, that would make it so much sweeter. Still, a solid place to go when I need some grub on a drunken tour.
The most flavorful Mexican food in the Bay Area; no ifs, ands, or buts about it; even the pico de gallo is fucking divine! Everything is made fresh, and at very adequate speeds considering they're so busy most of the time. I couldn't care less what the naysayers have to say about this place, there isn't a taqueria anywhere in San Francisco--more than likely throughout the entirety of the Bay Area, for that matter--that can come anywhere near touching this place. I mean think about it: you're served a personalized piece of heaven big enough to feed a family of four (grabbing onto anything made here is comparable to a baby trying to hold a fucking apple) at a steal, thanks to the dirt-cheap prices charged. El Farolito basically consists of:-Immaculate tasting food-Impressive, speedy service-Incredible pricesHonestly, what more could you ask for? I'm salivating right now just thinking about the delicious carne asada burrito I order regularly from this place...
Love this place best spot for quesadillas
I give this place the "Best Taqueria in the Bay Area" award! And I've been to taquerias all over the Bay since my ex-bf was Mexican. I've gone to El Farolito in the middle of the day and for late night grubbing after the clubs and there's always a line. My favorite thing to order is the quesadilla suiza with grilled chicken. Getting hungry just thinking about it. YUM.
Super chile relleno burrito. That's it. I've been eating El Farolito and Mission taquerias since I was in high school (and I'm now more than a decade away from that era). The chile relleno is the home run order. I've had everyone else's vegetarian burrito - mojado, with smoked tofu, with rajas, etc. Honestly, most other taquerias are serving the meat burrito - tortilla, rice, beans, pico de gallo, maybe cheese, sour cream, and guacamole - with no meat and calling it vegetarian. And it's good.But this??? I mean, I eat meat, and I'd pick the chile relleno at El Farolito any day. The chile relleno gives the burrito this awesome smoky taste and silky texture. It's also more vegetable than you're likely to find in any other burrito. I've ordered this and had it scarfed down by vegetarian and non-vegetarian friends. Do yourself a favor, and go there now, or when you're out in the MIssion after a night of drinking. It will be good either way.
I came here once a long time ago before I was aware it was such a hit on Yelp, and went again this Monday for their infamous carne asada burrito.I got a super burrito (meat, cheese, rice, beans, guac, sour cream, etc.) with black beans, and the thing was as monstrous as I remembered it. It seriously must be at least a pound, and I'm sure I got a good workout as my arm repetitively lifted and lowered this burrito to and from my mouth.The meat is great; tasty, well cooked, juicy, no gristle, and has that slightly charred/bbq flavor. The lack of marinade or sauce is indicative of how good the meat is on its own.I thought it was a great, solid burrito, but it was not mind altering nor life changing. Also, my friend ordered 4 carnitas tacos, and those of us who ordered burritos got our food much faster than her tacos (as in we sat there and waited and waited and waited...while we were dying to eat our own food, but didn't want to be rude), so service wasn't too good in that sense...hence 4 stars.
Carne Asada Super Burrito with everything, Chips with salsa and gucamole, and I'm good to go! I've been coming here since about 1995? High School days when you would be a fool to walk around these streets filled with gang banging Nortenios. The one in the Excelsior District is the location I'm usually at, but when I worked a block away from here I was coming here like every other day. There are lots of taquerias up and down Mission street but this place has been consistent with the taste, quality and most importantly the price. Classic San Franciscan staple.
dank af. open til late or ealry. what ever. great for munchies and anything of that sort. friendly area. missions awesome. dank authentic food. good vibes. literally feels like you walked into mexico.food is good. eat here. always down to try things once. dont go to taco bell.
oh my san diego, I have found a place worth grabbing a burrito!Located in the Mission district, where the streets smell of grilled meat, urine, and fried tortillas, we ventured towards the bright yellow sign, screaming "I won't break your heart. I know you're hungry. You know you want one."The flat top grill in the front window prominently displays their wares--- meat and toppings and all of the delicious promises of a carne asada burrito. Then you walk in... and see a box of chips. *wonk wonk*.... I almost walked out because that made me realize that their chips were not made fresh throughout the day. I mean... if you're going to whet our appetites with FREE CHIPS AND SALSA... then the chips should be good, right?But about a foot away, someone was slaving over peeling carrots, chopping limes, and all things salsa. So I stayed put.We ordered two carne asada burritos- no beans, no rice, a carne asada taco, and cokes in bottles (you have a choice between the bottle or a can). The place was PACKED. I would normally consider that a good sign, but because this place was featured in 7x7, I was more skeptical than anything. Food reviews always ruin the great eateries.Shortly after ordering, we packed up our tower of salsas and found a table. Then... THE FOOD. Burritos weighed in as small babies. The taco, decent sized, but I was confused as to whether I should eat it like a pizza or try to smush it as a taco. (that tiny little tortilla was stacked!) Then... the burrito test....soft tortilla- PASSsits/stands on its own - PASSleaks a little bit out of the bottom, but not so much so that it demolishes the tortilla- PASSThe meat was oh so tender. Salty, but would be much better if they let it marinate just an hour or so longer. The bites were a perfect mix of sour cream, guac, meat, and salsa.I have found the burrito that fills the need. Thumbs up for this place from the snooty SD girl.But it's still no La Posta.
I had a burrito craving, and El Farolito definitely satisfied it. But burrito cravings are a tricky thing, see. If you're that hungry for something that specific, anything in that specific thing's range will do. And while the carne asada super burrito I had was a fine craving-satisfier, I do think I've had better.There was a lot of meat in this burrito. Like, a lot. Maybe a little too much. Also a little too much sour cream. The ratio of everything else to everything else was a little imbalanced, too. The rice was all piled on one side, the avocado chunks were large but infrequent, and I could barely taste the salsa. Judging from this taqueria's ratings, I think I just caught them on an off night. I'll come back, and I hope to be bringing an extra star.
Delicious burritos and a great salsa bar to boot! Had a super veggie and was quite pleased. It came with beans, rice, cheese, avocado, sour cream, cilantro, tomatoes, and onions. Fresh, delicious ingredients and QUITE cheap. The salsas at El Farolito, in my opinion, are much better than Papalote (disclaimer: I'm not a huge fan of Papalote's creamy salsa). But not too many options here for vegetarians/pescetarians, so I would probably still opt for Papalote.  Also, El Farolito is quite grungy. Yes, I know it's supposed to be, but just a warning for those who are expecting a nice, Papalote-style establishment. Think delicious, authentic Mexican food, not clean, trendy hang-out spot. Would love to pick up from here again in the future.
OBSESSED with this place, every time i need my burrito fix i go here. carne asada burrito + chips + drink = $8.16. no complaints here! their salsa bar is amazing--love the spicy red one. yes, the line is usually out the door but they get the food to you so quickly after you order that the wait is not even noticeable. -----they only take cash, so be sure to have some before you go.
Some seriously awesome Mexican food right in the heart of the Mission.As we ate I could see the meat sizzling on the grill and I immediately knew it was going to be good. The super suiza (steak quesadilla) was absolutely fantastic, the steak was so good. The torta was really great as well, the meat was delicious. The chips and green salsa were fantastic, especially the green salsa, make sure to give it a try. My horchata had far more cinnamon than what I'm used to, but it was still good.Prices are very cheap with giant portions. The service was excellent and efficient considering how busy it was at lunchtime.
I took what would normally be a very ordinary trip for a burrito and ended up without my pants on and highly satisfied. Upon the recommendation of a Yelp Elite/co-worker, I made the drive out to El Farolito. Although I briefly contemplated sidling up next to a homless man in the only available seat, I decided my empty car on a dark side street was a better solution. Then came the curveball, I was wearing my new (slightly expensive) jeans and had a huge, messy carne asada burrito waiting for me. Like any normal person, I untied my shoes, took off my pants, and indulged in the burrito. Needless to say, halfway through the delicious Mexican treat I realized I was pantless in a horrific neighborhood, nonetheless, I continued to indulge. I suggest you do too, it was delicious.
The best late night post-bar fast food place on the planet! Well, maybe in America. (Or at least San Francisco.)I swear by their carnitas tostada, drenched in their special very spicy green sauce. The avocado slices are delicious, and the meat is amazing. One or two of those tostadas will set you up for the night, either helping eliminate your hangover, or at least providing a base for more liquid fun!
2 carne asada tacos, 2 al pastor tacos, chips, and a coke = $10.32 Finally finding the perfect taco joint - Freakin priceless.Another yelp recommendation success. Just thinking about the pork and their green lime salsa is making me drool. The $2 tacos are overfilled with meat. Where else can you buy dinner for 2 with 10 bucks and some change?Minus one star for the janky chips. Movie theater chips belong in movie theaters.
This is the best place ever for some Super Quesadilla Suiza in my opinion, usually the only thing i order every time and occasionally a taco or two. Everything else on the menu is pretty good as well.Super big tortilla with your choice of meat, with fresh avocado, fresh salsa, sour cream and cheese. This thing is stacked and if i try to finish thing, guarantee to be stuffed and a food coma will await you in seconds. I myself can not even finish this and i will have a quarter left for later! You must add their tasty avocado salsa sauce its my all time favorite, with a little bit of fresh salsa they make as well. All their salsa is freshly made and its very good.The taco's are like street tacos but it is stacked with your choice of meats, They ask you if you want it spicy or not and they add a hot sauce on top with cilantro and onions. Typical taco but is stacked with a lot of meat.They have a condiment bar: wedge limes, small radishes, fresh salsa, pickled jalapeno with carrots and onions, and the delicious mouth watering avocado salsa.Overall this place is amazing it's not expensive for the price and the amount of food you get. The only drawback to this place is, it is not the prettiest place but its a place you can sit and eat your meal. You can even see the cook making your food in front of the store and while you wait, how cool is that? Just watching them make your food just makes your mouth water while you await your order. lastly, I can devour a Super Quesadilla Suiza anytime... :)-parking-Parking can be hard, it is on a busy intersection of Mission and 24th street. You might be lucky and find a spot on Mission street, the farthest i parked was a block away. Majority of the parking spaces are metered so bring some coins. Not to mention if you were to take the MUNI bus the 14th Mission heading towards downtown it will be right there!**QUICK TIP**This place can be busy at rush hour times, lunch time around noon, dinner time around 6-8pm and on the weekends when the party poopers are done they usually come here and get a quick bite!This place isn't the safest neighborhood and a bit scary, i would recommend you go with a buddy or two just so you won't feel worried walking on the street at night!Their are other several locations.
This place serves the biggest portions. We ordered a burrito and quesadilla. The quesadilla was big enough to feed a family! It was two plates big. And man was it tasty and cheap too! The burrito was huge as well. They must be serving for ogres or something. But I'm bit complaining. Left overs tasted just as good. Definitely a favorite drunk night place to eat at.
Wonderful burritos and tacos - hella busy, cash only and in a city where such food is very common, it is saying something that a line regularly develops at this place. You decide whether the food is *that* much better than your other favorite spot, which you do have but are loath to admit, you little piggly wiggly.This is an excellent spot for cheap late night eats, all things being equal. Let's go ahead and call El Farolito a consensus pick for excellent late night grub in SF.Some of you aren't paying attention, though, and should have your Yelp review capabilities stripped for not being able to read/order properly. I just read a review from somebody who was disappointed when they ordered a "carne asada shrimp super burrito" that it didn't have any shrimp. Then another reader who was disappointed that she couldn't get shrimp on a taco.Now, I've ate here more than I care to admit and if my memory serves me correctly shrimp has never been a regular menu item for tacos and burritos. Just in case my memory is crap, I took at look at the menu online. THEY DO NOT SERVE SHRIMP ON BURRITOS OR TACOS so please quit with the amazement over the fact that your burrito or taco doesn't have shrimp when you order it! I feel like I shouldn't have to point out that when the menu says "any choice of meat" they aren't referring to whatever meat you can think of in your pretty little head... what's wrong with some of you? "Hey, I wonder if they'll do a carne asada lamb super burrito! (Lil mint jelly on the side would be nice). If not I'm gonna BURN EM on Yelp! Wow I had no idea I was ordering two meats! HEHE!"El Farolito is, generally speaking, too freakishly busy to give a damn about special orders and weird complaints. I feel bad for restaurants that are routinely victimized with unfair Yelp reviews written by, well, people that can't read or abide by a clearly written menu.
My burrito was HUGE!!! Too bad it was only packed with rice and beans and I had to search for the few pieces of carne asada hiding amongst all the carbs. They wrap the burritos in batches and they must have run out of meat by the time they filled mine. So lame! The tortilla was nicely grilled, but the burrito as whole was bland and sad, like this sad face. :-(
As any Mexican food addict would know, it is hard to find the good stuff unless you know where to go. A few weeks ago a friend of mine introduced me to this DELICIOUS place and I'll be forever grateful. I got the super nachos and the super quesadilla suiza. I stuck to the basics as I'd never been here before. All I have to say is two words: DELICIOUS. AMAZING. Fresh, prompt, just the right amount of flavor, extra hot and spicy. The only thing I would change is ordering too much food---one of those choices alone would have been more than enough. The staff was also extremely polite and got our orders completed promptly. Definitely going back and often :D
Steam table, bland burrito that can compete only on price. Save your money at pay double at La Taqueria down the street for a burrito that is twenty times as good. Pancho Villa and El Toro are also both exponentially better than El F.This place competes on price. They have some of the cheapest taqueria food around. The ingredients come from a steam table and are unremarkable. Good thing they slather the super burrito in sour cream to sort of help everything go down. Fresa aquas fresca was pretty good, though.Because of the super low prices, this place attracts a lot of society's fringes, so expect to encounter some nuttiness while you're there.One unacceptable thing that will make you gag as you sit toward the back (near the bathroom) is the nauseating septic smell coming from the bathroom. Kind of like someone's colostomy bag opened up and they tried to cover it up with bleach. Yech. Definitely not the cleanest place, and I would suspect some health code violations.Right now, three hours after eating the al pastor burrito, it is doing loop-de-loops in my usually very resilient stomach. No way I'm going back.
Still a good Mexican hole in the wall.
Had lunch of carne asada enchiladas. Portions were large and the food was tasty. Only reason not rating experience a 5 star is the carne asada was a little dry.
No subliminal messages!A ll this time, I was an El FarolitoV irgin. No longer as I tried my first burrito the other day!O rdered, sat down, sipped on an agua fresca as we waited.I grabbed a fork and knife. I've got braces. I'llD o what I have to for a tasty meal.T ender, juicy, meat! Avocado! Yum!H ow did they fit all this in here? Nom nom nom.E verything a wonderful burrito should be...C an't finish the entire thing. It's too big...H elp! I'm getting full.I n the end, I leave a mess.P ieces of foil everywhere, rice, beans.S o sad, what a waste. But so satisfied.Someone should remind me NOT to order the chips... They're not very good, AND you have to pay for them. Plus, they'll go to waste since you'll be so stuffed from your super burrito anyway.
I don't mind dives - in fact, I usually enjoy dirt-cheap food in a questionably clean environment - but I'd like the food to have some flavor. I hate posting 2-star-or-lower reviews, but oi.Sorry, carne asada, but you were not worth the gastrointestinal distress.
Cheap! They don't nickel and dime you for the usual extras (avocados, sour cream, extra salsa, etc...)Super Carne Asada Burrito- Holy moly... It is GARGANTUAN. I'm not exaggerating. It's a footlong of rice, beans, sourcream, cheese, salsa, avocados, cilantro, and a generous heaping of aromatic steak wrapped up in a large tortilla. Sadly, they didn't really distribute the 'stuff' evenly. The avocados were stuck at one end with the sour cream on the other, rice by the sour cream, beans by the avocados, etc... you get the point. I'm not an avid fan of meat, but I'll have to say that the steak was nothing short of amazing. Tostada de Ceviche- A bit too watery. I like my ceviche with a lot of cilantro. There was only one sprig. Also, it would've been nice if they cut the shrimp up into larger chunks. I don't really like the texture of mushy ground-up stuff. Very generous slices of avocado plopped on top.Regular Chicken Tacos- Solid. Not that greasy.Chips- 50 cents. Not stale the way many other taquerias serve 'em! Salsas- Red salsa was too watery. Green salsa had a nice balance of tomatillos, garlic, and cilantro. Not too tangy, just right.
Food coma: In progress. Amount of cardio you will need to burn off your meal: 5 miles. Super carne asada burrito. Priceless. Actually $6.35 to be exact, but its worth every dime and bead of sweat you will shed, trust.     While working in the downtown area, I had a craving for a burrito that neither Herbert's Grille nor Chipotle could satisfy. In other words screw my usual mantra of "Eat for health not for taste," I wanted me some carbs n fat! So, I hopped on Bart, headed to El Farolito, and ordered a burrito. Test #1 the rice. No, mexican rice doesn't use canned tomatoes people, and no it doesn't need herbs or veggies for "garnish." Test #2 the salsa. Salsa is used enhance the flavor of anything you eat it with and must, MUST be spicy and chunky to be considered salsa. Otherwise you just have a variation of spaghetti sauce.Results: Hijole, El Farolito passed with flying colors!! Everything from the flavor of the meat, the freshness of the avocado, the perfectly melted cheese, and the rice and salsa was on point. I even got free chips/drink =]Thanks a lot E.F. You sabotaged my mantra...But I think I love you!
Pretty tasty!Beats its sister restaurant in the excelsior by a thousand points. Just don't let their dungeon bathroom deter you...Open late and they pack in it great! Tratalo !
You remember how your mother taught you "if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all?" Well, lucky for me, my mother doesn't (usually) read my reviews so I can do all the shit-talking I want. I'm willing to bet that if people consumed El Farolito sober, un-drunk, when they weren't half asleep & needing something cheap to soak up the Goose or Patron, there'd be a lot less 4 & 5 stars because their food, for lack of a better word, sucks. I see the allure, I do: open til 4 am on Fri & Sat, close proximity to BART & the bars, & so effing cheap. But really, the food is way below average. In an area known for outstanding taquerias, I'm perplexed as to how & why sub-par food gets high praises. I stopped eating at this EF & its Excelsior location years ago because their burritos were disgusting, a little dirty & there was so much better available. The bf & I noticed the 1000+ high ratings & decided we'd give EF another try (maybe they'd change their ways...) I ordered a shrimp ceviche tostada, the bf had two tacos (al pastor & carne asada) & we shared a strawberry drink. All for under $10. The ceviche has zero flavor, zero acidity, zero appeal; oh, but a few pieces of beef fat found it's way onto my tostada (ick.) I tried the carne asada taco & I have definitely experienced better. The bf loves al pastor, gets it at every taqueria/taco truck & he boo'ed EF's.I'll be staying far away from EF, but with all the hype & loyal drunk patrons, I don't think they'll be hurting for my business. End of rant. Carry on. As you were.
I'm definitely a fan of this word-of-mouth gem of a Mexican fast food joint. Don't get any ideas from the other favorable reviews--El Farolito is as dirty and divey as it gets, and not somewhere you'd go on a date unless you want them to get to know the real you quick.This place is CASH ONLY, but you will get way more food than you want/need, and the salsa is always great. Do not come if you are a health nut; we don't want you here ruining our Mexi-binge.I always get the Veggie Quesadilla. It's like a flat veggie burrito with avocado, sour cream, maybe 1 lb of cheese, pico de gallo, rice, beans...the usual suspects. It's very affordable at around $6-7, but it's honestly the size of two super burritos. I had leftovers for days. When I went most recently, I drunkenly ordered in broken Spanish, and I think they gave me free chips for effort!Yes, it's a health hazard in many ways, but I'm OK with looking the other way for these phatty 'rritos and 'dillas.
Quesadilla Sueza FOR THE WIN!I've only been here past 2AM but I'm guessing the day time is just as busy as the late late hours because I could go for those burritos and quesadillas ANY TIME OF THE DAY OR NIGHT. The line can be long and unbearable in the late hours but the idea of that fat, juicy Sueza going down your stomach will keep you waiting. It's that good. No need for a long review for this place has already been established as the go-to-place late at night. I don't care if this place isn't that "safe" at night, I'll travel anywhere just to get my hands on that Sueza.
This is greasy, sloppy, dirty Mexican food at its best. Get the Carnitas Al Pastor Super Burrito. It's disgustingly amazing!!Also, be prepared to wait in line at any hour of the day. Yep.
I've been going to the location in South San Francisco for quite some time now and gave it a very solid 3. Many of the reviews for that location always talk about how it's not as good as this one. We were in the city on a Saturday and figure "why not?"The minute I walk in, I realize that we HAD been here 4+ years ago and decided then that although the good was tasty, it was just too dirty to enjoy your food. Forgot it's cash only (SSF location takes credit cards), so had to get cash and come back. No biggie. Got veggie and carnitas super burritos. Sour cream tasted "off" in veggie. Carnitas was just meh. I'm used to yummy, crispy bits of pork. Theirs had not a hint of the crispy bits I've grown to expect. Worse part, it was so dirty in there that it put me off my food. After 10 min, I wrapped up my food to-go. After reheating at home, I realized that the carnitas just wasn't good. Ended up eating the rice/beans/cheese and some of the tortilla. For a committed carnivore like myself, bypassing the carnitas is a huge deal, but I just couldn't do it. At the end of the day, this place is palatable if: you close one eye and squint with the other to avoid seeing how dirty it is. Having your taste buds numbed by alcohol probably would hurt either. While i recognize that many (many!) people have no problem with this, I have a weaker constitution.
4.5 stars for one of the best taquerias in SF! I get the quesadilla super suiza with carne asada everytime and it is amazing! The carne asada is so tasty. Their chips are good but the delicious homemade salsa is why I get the chips. This place has affordable prices for large portions. There's always a line out the door...especially during weekend late nights so try to beat the rush and come before 1am. This place is in a convenient location...located right next to the 24th st. Bart station. This place is a must try in SF!
Que quieres saber? There's a lot you may like to know but really, the only thing you need to know is GO! Go now. Go yesterday. And bring a friend to bask in the glorious burrito heaven that is Farolito. Yes, my words are a bit grandiose however they are not let down by the likes of this place. From the Quesadilla Suiza (basically a overstuffed version of a standard quesadilla but cut in half like a sandwich) to the double tortilla tacos built to hold mountains of meat and toppings.... anything will please the palate. There are extra selections on the menu if you decide to order a platter. But only nut jobs or the Farolito virgins would consider the thought.Farolito isn't there for a fork. I recommend rolling up your sleeves, taking off your jacket (most likely not in that order) and try not to black out as you quadruple orgasm. The workers are there to cook, not clean up after you.Super economical. A burrito that can be saved for later (which you won't be able to do given the taste) starts at around 5-6 dollars and tacos run for just 2.25.If you haven't already, I demand you to stop by and hope you enjoy it as much as I did, do, and will later this weekend after a night out.Until next time. This was Spencer C.
best mexican i've found in the city! pretty large, delicious, and authentic from what i remember. (can't comment too much because it was definitely a late night post bar burrito run - but hey thats another plus, they're open late and nothing beats mexican to satisfy your late night drunken cravings)
i came here today after giants fanfest to stuff my face.i had always gone to the other location which is also on mission... so when i googled the name... this location popped up.. and i honestly had no idea there were 2 different ones. let alone... both on mission street!i was totally confused as we drove to find parking... it had been years since i've been to el faro and i thought maybe things just changed a bunch. lol. i ordered my usual super burrito with carna asada.. no beans. yum!! i noticed that this location makes the burritos a bit smaller than its other location. but each bite of the burrito was pure ecstasy. pair it up with strawberry agua fresca and you're in heaven. when i was in HS.. i would always get the super burrito or the super nachos at the other location. cant wait to come back to this one to compare!
El Farolito is my favorite Mexican food joint in the galaxy. It is fairly priced and unbelievably good. Eating here is a rite of passage. I recommend the torta, super suiza, and super burrito.Faro is the standard to which I judge any Mexican joint. Six Stars
Size Matters!All I can say, El Faro will fill you up and not rob your wallet.The burritos here are delicious and huge, nothing like you could even imagine on the east coast.Come here drunk, come here for dinner, come here for lunch, come here for hang over breakfast. It's all good.Mmmmm burrito heaven.Tip: Drink lots of water so you don't feel super dehydrated after.
I end up here all the time, but just because it's open 'till 3am. The food quality is hit-or-miss, and there have been more misses than hits recently. During sane business hours, I go elsewhere (Papalote at 24th and Valencia is my favorite).
I had no idea they had so many locations! But this is my first time to THIS location. They are open till 4 am! Sweetttttt!! No one believes me when I rave about how good this place is. It's better than the Socal places, I swear! I had San Diego tacos that were supposed to be the best. I beg to differ, yes I do!! Last night, I had the al pastor taco. I really wanted this other one, but for some reason they had a cardboard sign that covered it on the menu (they ran out?). It's the chicken with some type of sauce (I really don't remember the name), but that one is my favorite! Their tacos are amazing, and their al pastor burrito is amazing too! Must come try!!!!
Best super burrito I ever had in my life. Even if I was sick, it was a much needed pick me up. I live in Eastside San Jose, and it blew all of the places out of the water. The con about this place is its cash only. But, it was worth the hype and it hit the spot. I would eat there again if I was in the city.
Quality & QuantityStated simply, some of the best tacos I've ever had. For those of you who use food as therapy, el farolito could kill you slowly with an overabundance of hearty chicken tacos.I'm lucky to have gotten out alive. Went there for the first time with a friend late one evening after basketball in the castro. I found myself unfocus and off center as I headed back to the city the next afternoon for lunch, before heading over to my internship at CUAV. I was clearly suffering from low blood-sugar. My instincts lead me back to el farolito, where I was greeted once again with friendly (almost familial) service, great food and left with a full belly. I've posted pics for your viewing pleasure.Thanks to my friend Kym for puttin' me on! :)
Best place to get a Burrito!! Any of their food is good, actually.There's often a line outside, and it's well worth the wait. The guys cook all the food right in front of you, and the food is good. It's a little dingy and I don't suggest sitting all the way in the back - the bathrooms are there and you don't want the combination of the smell plus people waiting to use it to be near you at all. I usually get the Burritos. Carne's my favorite, although the al Pastor is pretty good too. One burrito is pretty big for me, even when I order the regular burrito. Its so good though...even re-heated.I had a quesadilla here once...it was really good for late-night snackage, but would probably be too salty for a lunch or something like that. The Horchata is hella awesome here. Seriously. I would come for that alone (but who would when you have such kick-ass burritos!?). Note to the Berkeley students that have the insatiable urge to come here to make themselves feel more in touch with the Hispanic culture - Please be smarter about eating your burrito. I'm talking about you, blonde girl who had to be perfect about eating a burrito. And be LOUD about how messy it was. That thing is going to fall apart regardless of how you eat it. In fact, using your fingers and hands is part of the fun. And if you're going to be eating a burrito, expect that you have leftovers. Instead of peeling the wrapper inch by inch, just take of a 3-inch piece from the top. Then you don't have to be the fool that goes back to the guys behind the counter to ask for foil to do "take home."
I've been coming here for decades and they never let me down.Their burritos are literally like 2 meals for $5. I mean seriously... IT'S HUGE^ that's what she said ^
TWO WORDS to sum up this review.1st word: REDEEMED.Went back and got a little carne asada in my belly. The food was AMAZING and now I fully understand the 4.5 stars with 1200+ reviews.2nd word: SUIZA....order it. Trumps that sorry ass burrito bar none.
Wow, this place really didn't live up to the hype for me. I dunno. I thought I had actually been here before but I think I wound up at another taqueria on the same block. Anyway, the chicken seemed a little dry but otherwise, I love the fact that they put avocados in the super burrito. I didn't order that one but I heard it was pretty tasty. The prices were okay and the wait went surprisingly fast. They have their method down to a science. People have said this is the best burrito in the city. I'm not sure if I would go that far. It is good and it's well worth seeking out if you want some Mexican food.
carne asada burrito for the win!
Dear El Farolito, Your prawn burritos and super veggie quesadillas make a perfect end to any bad day. If I ever get a heart attack, though, I would guess that it's because of my love for you.
I'm not a fan of Mexican food and don't like burritos, but this place made a big enough impression that I must yelp it on the same night!My friend and I joined a taco crawl for a birthday celebration, and El Farolito was one of the dinner stops. To save room for subsequent stops, we decided to order one chorizo taco for me, one lengua (beef tongue) taco for her, and carne asada super nachos and strawberry aguas frescas to share. The chorizo taco was perfection! I don't know how many times I exclaimed how yummy the chorizo was...slightly crisp but not overcooked, great flavor with enough of a spicy kick. The super nachos were decent with a lot of meat, slabs of avocado, sour cream, melted cheese, and touch of jalapenos. The beef tongue taco looked good too but not as tasty as my chorizo taco. We ate at 8:30pm, and our tummies were full for almost 5 hours.Of all the taquerias we visited, El Farolita has the best prices - taco for $1.95, super nachos for under $5, aguas frescas for $1.25. Our meal was quite filling for under $12, and I was surprised by the generous portion of meat (see picture). Street parking is doable, and it's on the same block as the BART station. The area can get sketchy at night so be aware.Because I can't stop thinking about the chorizo taco (too bad I was too full to have seconds), El Farolito deserves 5 stars. Tonight was my first visit, and I'd come back for a taco or two. Wow, can't believe I actually said that about a taqueria.
I hate to be the voice of dissent, but our experience at El Farolito was not good. I had nachos that were a sloppy mess of mostly sour cream, and not much else. We're talking soggy in a very big way. My husband's quesadillas were almost as disappointing (minus the sour cream of course). I'm always on a quest for great nachos, but this wasn't it. The Great Nacho Hunt continues ....
My favorite mexican place in the city!!!The super suiza with beef is killing! (quality AND quantity)The Cevice great!Not at all a fancy place, but who cares?! We want excellent mexican food for a cheap price, and that's exactly what they offer!
Huge portions, I mean huge! This is a place to come with an appetite and no high-standard of Mexican food. Sometimes this place is packed and it is hard to get a table. So just get it to go. They have beers in the fridge which is nice to go with your food. I would way rather eat there than the Salvadorian restaurant a couple doors down. This isn't the best or most authentic Mexican food joint but it will do if you are hungry and want a massive amount of food.
I'm in love with this place. Everyone I take here, likes this place.I have nothing bad to say.
Oh, man. After too long away from SF, my return always drops me off at the 24th St BART. Steps from cheap fat-making pleasure. And what pleasure! My, what pleasure! (Love being greeted by the red-headed smirk-faced Irish-looking fellow behind the counter. When he moved from 24/Alabama, I don't know, but such a pleasing sight!)Dove for the SUPER VEGETARIAN QUESADILLA (pinto beans, everything) and a can of Modelo. I wasn't hungry, promised I'd only eat a third, or maybe half, but then proceeded to devour THE ENTIRE G-D THING in seconds. Seconds!!! A crisp firm thin tortilla that gave with each bite (it didn't crack.) Filling that was soft and mushy and just positively exploding with flavor (and sour cream), but didn't drip wild and drench the plate. I ran out of salsa, but didn't want to leave my loving Quesadilla for even the minute it would take to get more....Don't miss the thick green salsa, loaded with spiciness and avocado. And the chips are the crisp, thin, perfected (*salt)bomb. Love it all. (Except the dark red salsa... tasted too strong and rich, almost a tobacco.)
YUMMMMY!!!!Great food, great flavor! Not too expensive, good vibe in the place... and staff is awesome. You have to get the cookies with powdered sugar... I forget what they are called but its a good place to dine at with the family or just a few friends for drinks and chips. Yummy, I miss this place :) Can't wait to visit again. My gripe is its closed on Mondays! I kept trying to come here and it has limited hours of operation.... Not cool.
One of my favorite taquerias in the City!El Farolito is delicious and totally hits the spot if you're craving a down and dirty taqueria. The super quesadilla suiza is incredible, I ALWAYS get carne asada. And the greatest thing about this place is, they don't nickel and dime you. It's not a dollar extra for avocado, or cheese or sour cream... they just pile it on. yum!It's the perfect food for a late night craving...or in need of a drunk snack...or if you're starving and sober... pretty much... whenever. Also... the quesadilla is SO good the next day if you can't finish it. I love you El Farolito!
After leaving from this guy's place around the corner this past weekend, I was near famished and didn't really want to wait til I got back home to the East Bay to eat something so I thought I'd try something different. This place came across as I searched eateries on the map, and out of a lot of reviews the average rating was like 4 stars so I thought to give it a shot. First of all, there's like 3 or 4 different "Taquerias" on that city block alone I think lol so I almost walked into the wrong one haha. It's a narrow little restaurant, only space of a single-file line as the rest of the place is filled with tables. I went in thinking I was going to make the next train in time, but the two parents ordering for their family of 10+ people seemed to disagree with me. Oh, how I hate probability. There is truly nothing more annoying than waiting as a dad yells past you three tables over to people sitting down, "What kind of soda do you want?!?!?" and etc. For the next like 8-9 minutes (felt like 20) I glared at the parents as the cashier kept adding on menu items as I saw the total came to nearly $150. Geesh. Is this food that good? Btw by the 5th minute I had already given up the fact that I wasn't going to make my train on time, which made me glare and stare down the whole family even more. However, By the time it was my turn there was a line out the door into the street so in retrospect I was glad I didn't come any later than I did.I kept it simple, ordered the Super Burrito Pollo, and made sure to take my time mean-mugging the large party family while I waited for my food because now I had to wait another 12 minutes for the next train. One of them was cute anyway so I didn't give the "look" too hard. Over all the burrito was very good. And big. The chicken was kinda dry, but it was WHITE meat (which I am so glad for because it seems hard to get white meat chicken at some taquerias) so I couldn't complain much. I will be back.
This might just be my new favorite veg burrito place. Vegetarian burrito with black & pinto beans, no lettuce. A-mazing. Not sure how they cook their rice & beans but it tastes like some kind of garlic butter goodness. Lard maybe? That's vegetarian, right?!? Works for me. It's damn good.Yum. Wish they included chips & salsa with the burrito. $6.85 seems a bit pricey for a veggie burrito and no chips!
One of my favorite burrito spots in the bay. ORDER EVERYTHING. Cash only.The workers are cool cats too.
This is my first review. I've been procrastinating on joining yelp and I finally pulled the trigger since I use it all the time.I love this place! I come here about 4 times a month....on bart...at lunch...from the financial district. Yes, it is that good. My friend Jon and I have the trip timed perfect where we can get there, eat and get back in under an hour.On to the food. 99% of the time I get a super burrito with either Carne Asada or Carnitas, both are excellent! I have also had the suizas which are also very tasty. Friends of mine have had the al pastor and the lengua (tongue) burritos and they loved them. This place puts real slices of avocado in the burrito (I LOVE avocado). The salsa bar is also the bomb. The green sauce has avocado mixed in (I think) and all the salsa is good. For under $6 after tax, you get a huge burrito with cheese, sour cream and avocado. Sometime they throw the chips in for free. The chips are not the greatest, but I have never been one to turn down free chips. I usually leave completely stuffed. Even half a burrito is enough to put you in a non-hungry state.This place has horchata and other drinks for only $1.50, now that is a deal!El Farolito stays open late and is much better than some of the surrounding spots.The ambiance is nothing special and they only take cash, but that keeps the prices low, so not a problem with me.Everything is made to order and is fresh. This place is one of my favorite burrito places in the bay. I also like Gordos in Berkeley and SF.
I had a mad uncontrollable craving for a chicken super burrito so I drove to the mission, endured the awful parking and finally made my way to the little taqueria. Sad to say, but this is not the best burrito in town...it can't be! There was too much sour cream, the chicken was bland and the rice was dry. I know San Francisco Mexican food is better than this so my quest for good burritos shall continue. Something I should mention, I've had better experiences at El Farolito but those all happened to be at 2am so perhaps it's best to have this place when you're too drunk to actually discern flavors and textures...I distinctly recall having the super suiza quesadilla blow me away though so I hope that was actually real and not a drunken illusion.
The first time I came here was when I was with my family after a birthday dinner at foreign cinema (we were all still hungry after). There really is nothing more satisfying than a big old shrimp burrito (with shrimp in every bite!) after a fancy schmancy meal of teeny tiny portions. Fast forward about 2 years: I come back and it was just as good as the first time. I had the carnitas burrito slathered in guac and I tried some of my friend's al pastor which was also delicious. Every time someone asks where to get good mexican food in sf, I always recommend this place (I've been to others and none were nearly as memorably good).
Sometimes, particularly on a stressful day at work, it's good to take the cheap and quick Bart ride from Embarcadero to the Mission to grab a monster burrito. Never tell officemates you're on your way to the Mission to grab a burrito - unless you want to end up with a list of 12 different orders and a handful of ten dollar bills.  My trip to El Farolito was an eye opener on many levels. Monster-sized burritos of such obviously superior quality and taste - and I mean good taste, not artificial taste highlighted by a liberal helping of salt. They make it fast and quick. You'll be in and out of there in no time. Plus the Mission is a fun place to be at any time of the day. It's amazing how much the world changes from each stop from the Embarcadero to the Mission.
great food the burritos are big enough for the price you don't get a ridiculous amount of food . i got 2 supper burritos 2 Tecate cans and 2 waters for 23 $ . need i say more. the best part about the ingredients is the rice ans beans in the burrito are home made flavors very fresh food. the meat tasted like homemade but steak could be overcooked. all in all i would recommend this place to anyone.
This definitely has great authentic Mexican food. My cousin and I shared a carne asada burrito and nachos. The burrito was flavorful and had a lot of meat in it.The nachos were awesome and they actually used real cheese. The various salsa's were fresh and flavorful and made the food stand out even more. A good cheap meal and a very convenient location that's not too far from the BART.
It's past midnight. I don't want to think about where to go for lots of good food. I'm starving. I'm drunk. What to do?!?!!?El Farolito's.Open til 3am, cash only, burritos larger than your mouth can handle. Put's Chipotle burritos (size-wise at least) to shame.Quesadillas are pretty good - just make sure to get the SUPER quesadilla cuz this one is filled with a ton of mexican goodness. sure to satisfy.Yeah the lines are long... You'll definitely find people of and from all walks of life.... so hide your kids, hide your wife... but all in all, a good place to eat at the end of the night.One gripe: I know you're busy and all but.. can you please refill the salsa's timely? More often that I'd like to admit, you run out and this makes me sad. I don't want to wait because I don't want my food to get cold :(I can't finish a full burrito at El Faro but I've always been able to finish Chipotle's (even at varying moments of hunger). That should give a good idea of how large it is - when a glutton like me can't finish.
Super nachos! This is the place to go, before, during, or after a night of drinking. The line is always long but its worth it!
Definitely worth eating here if you've never been, but it didn't live up to the huge hype everybody gave it. Very greasy.
While I'm sure virtually everything here tastes great at 2 am after a night of partying, when your taste buds are sober I think it's a different story. To me, this is your typical "found on any corner in the Mission" taqueria. I can't figure out how this was rated best burrito by 7x7 - granted, the carne asada was tasty, but the rest of the ingredients in the burrito (rice, beans, etc.) were basically flavorless. Yes - rice and beans can be seasoned too! At best, a typical, nothing special burrito. I also didn't really enjoy the dingy dining experience. Waiting 15 minutes a narrow line while people are trying to squeeze past you in the too-narrow walkway isn't fun, nor is hovering to try and grab an already-dirty table. Finally, the only reason I tried this place is because they ran a 50% off promotion with Scoutmob. I printed the coupon and brought it with me, and when I presented it to them they refused to honor it, even though it was valid for another week. Of course, this is after I'd already waited in line and placed my order - I wasn't really going to leave at that point, and they knew it. I realize it's not an expensive joint, but if 50% off is 50% off. Not honoring a valid coupon? Great customer service! I won't be back.
Oh, San Francisco, I'm quite disappointed if this is the best (or even one of the best) taqueria places in the whole city. If you would like to leave this earth by death of super greased Mexican food, I'd definitely come here. I'm sorry, I don't know why everyone is practically ready to sell their uterus (and/or prostate) for a lil somethin somethin at El Farolito. I've had the huge calorie ridden veggie burrito a couple of years ago, and as far as I could remember, it was like any other place: massive, good, and cheap but nothing special. Went back a couple of days ago with my dad and felt bad for bringing him here. We both had the enchiladas de pollo and ceviche tostadas. The enchilada sauce is definitely from a can and no pica nada. It's so sweet and over processed that you can't even taste the chile de arbol. They also put WAY too much cheese on frijoles and enchiladas & cheap queso...not even mexican queso fresco! They use gallina (hen meat) for enchiladas too, NOT pollo (reg chicken meat). The ceviche tostadas have a ketchup base. I used to make that when I was 8 yrs old and my mom was training me for my inevitable future as a Mexican slave-wife, c'mon Farolito!(Btw, my Mexican slave-wife senses tell me you need more lemon.) Also thought the salsas were not hot enough at all, and the frijoles are made with manteca (lard). I guess you get what you pay for though. 2 stars for cheapness.
I heard so much about El Farolito from friends but I wasn't impressed.The burittos were cheap and big, but lacked in character and flavor.The place is a little small so there isn't much room to sit and since its open late, it was really the only place to go after the bars.But since it's right in the middle of the mission, you get a lot of characters from hipsters to crazy bums.We had to wait in line for about 5-10 minutes, then the buritto took another 15-20 minutes to make. I got the vegetarian buritto, which was bland. My boyfriend got the carne asada buritto which he said wasn't that great either.If you are looking for a lot of food for cheap, El Farolito is the place to go, especially when its late. Also bring cash, they don't accept credit. I'd rather pay the extra couple of bucks to get papalote.
My friend mentioned this place when he found out that we were running errands around the area. After my friend finished Christmas shopping for his girlfriend we head towards the place. When we got to Mission Street, the place was crowded and we spent a good 10 to 15 minutes looking for a place to park. When we finally found a parking spot, we quickly headed over the taqueria. At our arrival, we encountered a long line than went out the door but flowed quickly and we were in front of the line in no time. My friend and I decided to split a super burrito with tripas (fried tripe) and my other two other friends ordered a sesos (brain) taco, cabeza super buritto and a carne asada super suiza. Tripas Super Burrito - Fried intestine with the normal fixin's that come in a super burrito. The tripas and rice were well cooked and tasted good but the beans were overwhelming and at times overpowered everything else in terms of flavor and texture. Also, I sort of wished that the tripas was crispier but all and all, the burrito was good.Cabeza Super Burrito - Same as above except with cow face meat. The meat was good and tender was an overall a good burrito. Sesos Taco - Cow brains. My friend being adventurous, decided to get this to find out what cow brain tastes like. I decided not to take a bite but my friend describes it as having a rich and creamy texture and with a taste resembling liver. If you're into that kind of flavors, then you would probably enjoy this one.Carne Asada Super Suiza - Carne asada with avocado, cheese and sour cream wrapped in a grilled tortilla. This was the highlight of the meal. The tortilla was crispy and had the right amount of cheese and sour cream inside. What really made this item the best out of the four was the meat. The meat was nice and tender and packed with a tremendous amount of flavor and was by far THE BEST CARNE ASADA I HAVE EVER EATEN yet. If you're planning to stop by El Farolito, get your order to go since chances of finding a clean table at this place is somewhat low, especially for a group of 3 or more people. We found a table that would sit the four of us but we had to clean it ourselves. Also, parking around the area can be tough. We found a 30 minute parking spot which gave us ample time to get to the place but our group had to split up and re-park the car. Pros: Carne Asada, Carne Asada, cheap, fast moving line, Carne Asada.Cons: Parking can be a hassle, packed and slightly dirty, has brought down the rating of ever other taqueria that I know.Rating: 5 Solid Stars
Been there twice this week, definitely best burrito in town! They dont give free chips, oh well, and the place/area is not the greatest, but the burritos are amazing, I order the super burrito with chorizo, hella good!
El Farolito doesn't try to be something it's not. It does Mexican well without trying to be "fancy" or "hip". Sometimes you'll see the local grit come in and eat the leftovers people have left behind, or panhandlers making their rounds from table to table. El Farolito just keeps it real, serving good cheap food; and therefore, reigns as my go to spot for a good burrito. The super burrito is so good, it will put you in a food coma for hours. Literally. Pure lethargic bliss. I can never finish the entire burrito too, so that says sometime about its portion size (as well as my appetite). But it works perfectly for me, knock out two meals with one bomb ass burrito!What I also love about El Farolito is its salsa bar. You got your mild, medium, and spicy selections, which, unlike some other taquerias, actually feels appropriately labeled as such. Quick tips:- Cash only.- Chips are an extra charge.- There's usually a line, but a short, and worthwhile, wait.
Hands down, best burrito I have ever had...EVER!!!! The meat is cooked fresh right in front of you, the salsa is made in house and as needed. I love that they do not add the cilantro and onions together because i love cilantro and hate onions. The lines here are long and unavoidable.Deal with it! Its worth the wait! Perfect for a quick lunch and after the bars,as they close after 2am. If you are visiting SF, you MUST try this place!
$6.25 for an enormous (not forearm sized, but large enough that I can't finish, and I eat a ton) burrito that is absolutely delicious. Javier recommends Al Pastor Super Burrito. Also all super burritos include guacamole. Strawberry agua frescas is also delicious.
That night several businesses were really packed and busy. I wasn't planning on eating out but El Farolito's storefront reminded me of a Chinese butcher shop with its open grill filled with meat. All they needed were some hanging roast ducks.Farolito's was quite packed with a diverse younger customer base. The restaurant is essentially one narrow aisle with a counter and some tables in the back. A pure hole in the wall atmosphere.I ordered two tacos. As I waited I observed that these workers were going at it like clockwork. The question was: Am I going to get my food really fast or really slow? Unfortunately it was the latter. And unfortunately the meat is not that great. It happened to be dryer that expected. Definitely not a quiet place either.For a snack place this is okay. Don't be lulled in by the crowd. I'd rather look elsewhere in the area.
While shopping for a gift in the city, my friends and I wanted to try this place because we saw that it was highly rated and we don't often find ourselves in the Mission. My friends came back from New York and they talked about how hard it was to find a decent burrito over there. Apparently Chipotle and Taco Bell are your best bets on the east coast.Parking was hard to find, and when we did find it, it was for only 30 minutes, so we had to act fast. By the time we got here there was already quite a long line, but things were coming out quickly. My friend and I decided to split three items: a crunchy taco, a super suiza quesadilla, and a super burrito. Actually, we were going to order only the burrito and the quesadilla, but I wanted to order the taco because I saw a meat on the menu that I hadn't seen anywhere else: cow brain. We figured that it wouldn't be a wise idea to pick a meat that we might not like in a food as big as a burrito, so we decided to order it in a taco instead. Our other two friends ordered a super burrito with tripe.Our food came out in about ten minutes, and we dug into the taco first. The brain was...interesting. The flavor was irony, kind of like other organ meats like liver. The texture was kind of off-putting as it was a bit too creamy and rich. It was like eating a liver flavored pudding. However, the other components of the taco were good.Next, we tried the burrito, which we got with cabeza (beef head), and it was very good. It had good flavor throughout the burrito and it was not disappointing in any way. However, the best item, hands down, was the super suiza quesadilla. As my friend put it, "This is the best quesadilla I've ever had" and I will not argue that. It was warm throughout and was packed with flavor. With over 1,000 reviews and a rating of 4.5 stars, this place hardly needs any more praise or people raving about how good it is, but the meal was that damn good, that I felt like I had give it some more applause.
THE best place to eat after a night out of drinking/clubbing. I ordered the carnitas super burrito to share - definitely hit the spot.Clubs close at 2am, but hurry over here for to curb your late night munchies because they close the doors at 2:45am!
Great place to stop by for a midnight snack. Grilled chicken tacos are simple, flavorful and very filling. I have 'big eyes' when it comes to ordering and am always surprised when two honking tacos show up at my table. Serve yourself salsa is always a bonus.
El Farolito, you had me at beef tongue. Oh and the tripe... oh goodness gracious. I'm slightly disappointed they ran out of beef brains for the day I as there. For all the visitors (like myself), be prepared for the colorful neighborhood of the Mission. Don't be scared by the line, it always goes quick.
It is a simple, no fuss burrito place. You are not going to find grass fed organic beef or chicken. The meat is cooked in one large pile (separate), and then made into a burrito.Like I said, no fuss. The food is good, only slightly expensive compared to other places, but you can watch them make your order, and they will accommodate a special request with no problems. They have a massive menu to choose from so, don't worry. The place is kinda small, but the tables turn over fast so, not a problem. My only issue is the place is kinda old/dirty, and needs to be remodeled with new floor tiles, and seating, but I'm splitting hairs. If your looking for a simple, popular, and authentic Mexican place this is a good place to start your journey through the Mission District.
Overall it was a good breakfast burrito. But I like my breakfast burritos with bacon and potatoes/french fries, not chorizo and rice. Good but not what I'm looking for. Will probably come back to try the regular burritos.
My favorite Mexican place in SF. Try the chorizo, it's delicious.
I only come here between 1am-4am after a night of partying. So i can't really judge it's tastiness, it's going to be good no matter what. It provides what I want.Still, I'd venture to say this place isn't as tasty as everybody says it is. Maybe because it's in San Francisco. COmpared to socal mex food, i'd put it as average.
Extensive, unique menu.Really big burritos.Really good vegetarian burrito.Cheap.Friendly staff.Local vibe.
Cheap decent burritos for SF. Great for a late night out.
I didnt believe my mexican floormates (fellow culinary students) when they said these were good, I've had plenty of awesome mexican food in my lifetime, and I just had to try them myself TWICE before giving EF a yelp review, though the first burrito practically won me over. First came here on a saturday night starving with a few of my floormates, ordered the carne asada super burrito and pina agua fresca. Abeit the worker at the cash register wasnt so friendly, but im guessing that's from wanting to get the line moving, and oh a line there was. Didnt have to wait too long for my burrito, unwrapped its silvery dress and took a bite.OH EM GEE.I'll just say: There's a perfect harmony of flavors and ingredients at work in these burritos. The perfect amount of meat to rice to beans to cheese to guacamole to sour cream....and everything so FLAVORFUL and no ingredient overpowers.I'm drooling right now as I look back on it, I need to go back SOONbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritoseverbestburritosever
Ahhh Farolito. We've certainly had some good times together, haven't we? Like, that one time I came in drunk just before 2 and ordered a Super Carnitas Quesadilla? Or that other night when I stumbled in drunk after bar-hopping in the Mission, and ordered a Super Carnitas Quesadilla? And, of course, you can't forget the time when I wandered in drunk on a Saturday and ordered a Super Carnitas Quesodilla. Do you remember that!? Good times my friend, good times.Okay. You get the picture. I never eat here sober. That said, I don't really know that anyone SHOULD eat here sober - I think to truly appreciate the magic that is El Farolito, you have to be sufficiently intoxicated. And frankly, I think my judgment of tacqueria quality improves as my cocktail intake increases.So with that, as far as quesadillas go, I officially decree El Farolito as the 2nd best tacqueria in the Mission - 2nd only to Cancun. Frankly, they're almost exactly the same - huge portions, dripping with gooey cheese, and smothered in avocado and sour cream. The only difference is the carnitas - at Cancun they are thrown on the stove, whereas at Farolito they are kept in a container of meaty juice. The problem is this can make the rest of the quesadilla soggy, and doesn't have the same level of crispy, fried goodness that the other one possesses.But, at the end of the day (or I should say, night), it's still freakin' delicious, and biting into a warm, greasy, gooey serving of happiness is one of the best ways to end an epic night in the Mission.
A late-night spot for when work runs over time. The food is always good, in that "I think I might die after eating this" way. Try the beef tongue (lengue). It's suitable for any tongue. Portions aren't gigantic, but definitely enough to satisfy a belly for the rest of the night.
I have a lot of fond memories here, mostly coming here after parties when I was younger. Or the one year during Carnaval, when I was young and still used to get very high and get the munchies real bad, I ate 2 super burritos. Yes, 2 super burritos. Haha.. no idea how I managed that.I barely come in here anymore though, especially not this location. It's way too overcrowded with hipsters. Food is OK, but not outstanding or anything, just a lot of salt and grease. Plus, one of the last times I came here late night, the fat black security guard didn't let us in, saying it was too late because it was busy, but while we were walking back to the car, he let in 2 white hipsters. We went back and asked him about it, and he gave us some BS reason for letting them in, but not us. We asked him how long he had been working there. He said longer than you've been coming here.. and knowing that couldn't possibly be true, since he hasn't always been there, we said, oh yeah, how long? He said 4 years. We laughed in his face and cussed him out. Just a sign of the times in the city.There's too many other options, even late at night, for me to come here anymore. And I drive now, and parking is a pain around here. I would maybe go with a group of friends just for the nostalgia factor, and that's about it.
I must admit, best nachos I've ever had. Messy, but flavorful. Cheap too. Only inconvenience is parking. Place could be a little cleaner too. But the taste of the food trumps it all.
Still on the hunt for a satisfying burrito, my friend and I took a trip out to his favorite taqueria in the mission....El Farolito. Do they call it little lighthouse because it takes forever to get there and appears closer than it really is?? It took us lots of walking and two busses to get there and damn was it hot today. By the time we got there I thought I was going to pass out from hunger and heat and would have just about eaten the foil off the burrito if that's what they gave me. I immediatley ordered Horchata and my friend got a strawberry juice which was amazing. Not too sweet and super thirst quenching(the strawberry juice that is. the horchata was on par). I then(by then I mean-still at the counter after I'd downed half my horchata)ordered a regular carnitas burrito with avocado. What is up with that? It's called guacamole!! Get it together people! Por Favor!! He got the super quesadilla with beef which he said is the only thing he misses when he is traveling in other countries.We got our chips and I loaded up at the salsa bar that had 3 different kinds, all with a good kick to them. God I love salsa. Our food came and I ripped into my burrito like there was no tomorrow. The carnitas was tender and there were huge chunks of avocado which I found about half way through my burrito. I had to load on the salsa for each bite but it was definitely a good burrito. I looked around and noticed that pretty much everyone was eating the quesadilla--which was good if your into that kind of thing. They have sour cream in them so that kind of tainted my bite, but other than that it was yummy as well, and big. Basically a burrito with the rice and beans replaced by cheese.So the burrito was yummy, the best I've had so far since I've been back in SF and it was huge. Has my ability to eat burritos just diminished or was it really that filling??I would definitely go back and probably try something else next time..because I'm sure they have many other good things to offer.Burrito craving = solvedBTW: They have to buzz you into the bathroom. Wish I would have known that while I waited around like a loser thinking it was occupied.
The best Mexican food in town!!!!
Worst Mexican experience to date. Chili relleno was still frozen on the inside.Asked for a to go box, it had dried food inside the lid. My chicken quesadilla left me feeling ill. I will not be returning.+1 star for the friendly service. (They were happy to reheat the chili relleno and to give us a new box.)
The burrito is cheap and big. That's about it.This review will come from someone who did not stroll into farolito super intoxicated and ordered the most greasy burrito and thinks it was orgasmic, cause I probably would have had I been drunk. But I wasn't.Quality of meat wasn't that good and the burrito itself was sort of cold.That being said, I probably would have given it an additional star had I been drunk like most reviewers of this establishment.O yeah...its DIRT cheap.
Perfect place for generously sized and delicious burritos for really cheap. I just loved my veggie burrito regular. The staff were friendly and prompt. Small space, so tends to crowd up.
Not as great as I had hoped based on all the great reviews, but it was good. Did not care for the ceviche (too sweet), but tacos and burritos very good. We ordered carnitas but discovered they gave us another kind of pork when we brought the food home. :-(
Had the lingua taco, al pastor taco, and wife had the taquitos.Tacos were excellent, the taquitos were just ok, but the chips and salsa were absurdly bad for such an authentic place. The chips seemed store bought and stale, while we tried all the salsas from the salsa bar and just thought they all tasted incredibly salty and rather bland. I'd come back for the price and value.
Maybe it was the fact that we went at a weird time - 3 PM in a post-brunch stupor. I had two tacos - carnitas and el pastor - and I'm afraid they didn't live up to the hype. No crispiness on the carnitas, and the el pastor wasn't as tender as I like. But I'm being nitpicky here - 2 years ago, those tacos would probably have blown my mind.Cancun, you've ruined me - and I'll never cheat on you again.
3.5 stars. Here's the run-down: CheapHuge PortionsFriendly staff. Food was served to my table and the counter-person handed me a bag for my leftovers. Also, I noticed that customers will leave a huge mess on the table, but the staff will try to immediately clean up the table for the next customers. Food comes out fairly quickly. Green salsa is delicious....fresh and lots of cilantro flavor! You can get full off the chips and the green salsa. Long lines, but it moves along pretty quickly. Considering its popularity, it doesn't distinguish itself from other taqueria places. I had the Carne Asada Super Burrito. The only difference between the Super Burrito and Regular Burrito is that Super Burrito has the ingredients of a Regular Burrito (rice, cheese, beans, choice of meat) in addition sour cream and avocado slices. There were some steak pieces in my burrito that were burnt or like cartilage. Like many other places, the cooks pile a bunch of meat pieces on the grill so that they can make burritos quickly. Would I come back? Maybe not in a heartbeat, but sure, late at night...since it closes so late.
3.5 stars. Yum! Pretty much gonna like anything you order from here unless you're the kind that's a picky eater. Yeah, I mean you -- the one in line who has to tell the order-taker exactly what goes in and what must stay out of their burrito!Farolito has the best-tasting pollo asado of the cheap taquerias (Papalote's is supreme, overall) making it a great place to satisfy your craving for a chicken burrito, quesadilla or what have you.Are ya ready for some fat? Hell yeah! Aight then, order the Quesadilla Super Suiza (DO IT) with a meat of your choice (I recommend the chicken). Decadence. Savory bits of meat suspended in loads of queso fresco AND sour cream with slices of creamy avocado, it hits all your yummy places for an oralgasmic experience. All folded up in a flour tortilla, then grilled, then chopped in half. It's enough to feed two, or just feed you if you're ready to consign yourself to the couch where you WILL make lowing noises like a walrus for the rest of your day!Be sure you nab some salsa or pico from the bar to kick up the heat, and do get some lime slices to add some zing, and some pickled peppers because, well, they're looking at you with dewy eyes and mewling.Tipy-tips just for you:Farolito is very crowded during meal hours and after 11pm -- especially on the weekends, so expect to wait in line and then wait as long as 10 minutes for your order. No reason to cry and lament on Yelp about the place being packed all the time, you will get why it is as soon as you chew your first bite.if you're shooting by, do take away a side-order of their chicken to toss in your own homemade quesadilla, or salad, or tacos, or whatever. Best $2.75 you'll spend that day.Don't order the chips, they're crappy.Farolito used to have a health score of just 68 -- which they almost defiantly displayed at their front door (ha, and it had zero impact on the crowds lining up for taqueria tastiness). No longer in violation, they have a score in the 90s despite how messy it can seem. I still wonder about the cooked meats piled in stainless steel pots, sitting on the cool side of their grill, but the turnover is quick enough that it's not a big concern.
4.5 starsHands down best carna asada SUPER DUPER BURRITO in SF!! I can't believe I just recently discovered this place, thanks to Kelly!! =) It was massive, filled with lots of substance and the combination of every bite made me insanely happy!!! HAPPY HAPPY, JOY JOY!! Although, I would not recommend the pollo version, the meat was dry, overgrilled and not very flavorful. and then to top it off with a quesadilla suiza, you're in heaven!! The grilled WHOLE piece of steak smothered with cheese was freakin INCREDIBLE!! and not to mention the amazing 10am-3am hours and prices, I can go for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a late night snack!! Ok, time to hit the gym!!
This place is amazing! It's in a prime location (right next to the bart station). After a Michael Jackson street party, a few of us wanted to pick something up to eat. We decided to get burritos to go so we wouldn't miss the last bart and be stranded on Mission on a Friday night.I ordered a regular burrito with beef tongue. The tongue is super tender and tasted so fresh. A regular burrito comes with rice, beans and salsa. Though I skipped the rice, the burrito was still awesome. Even though I was full, I could not put it down. I ate every single bite of it. The green sauce is really good too. It was full of cilantro and had enough heat to it. Definitely going back to try the other stuff on the menu.
Ok, 4.5 stars with 1000+ yelp reviews, pretty damn good, but come on....let's not get all pretentious here...You're getting a little ahead of yourself, puttin' a little too much hip in that hipster missioness if you're asking me to pay for chips at a taqueria..and a little stale at that. Plus what happened to the avocado in my not-so-super veggie burrito?Muchas, muchas gracias for your semi-deliciously disappointing burrito and late-night long lines, but take it down a notch with the prices..
Ceviche is pretty darn tasty, skip the pineapple soda though.
Bottom Line: One of the best burritos I've ever had.How's that for a bottom line as a starter?I was back in the bay for a weekend, and was craving a Mission style burrito. After debating between Papaloto and al Cumbre, I decided upon the much hyped El Farolito.The place did not disappoint. My carne asada super burrito was massive, and for just $5.45, is one of the best buys in the bay. The al pastor taco was perfectly seasoned, with the perfect level of cool cilantro. Throw in the addictively tasty chips with the salsa verde, and the strawberry agua fresca which tasted just like strawberry in liquid form.Oh and another bonus star for using slices of avocado instead of guacamole.And another bonus star for my entire meal costing less than $10.  Rachel Ray, get your ass over to El Farolito, ASAP.Here's another bottom line: El Farolito is how a taqueria should be done.
Hot damn diggity!
Verde sauce. Verde sauce. Verde sauce. You could pour it on cardboard and love every bite. Luckily, you can drizzle it on super quesadilla suiza with carnitas and be in taste heaven. Mmmmmmmm
El Farolito purists ain't gonna like my review -- I went today and thought it was ok. But i have to qualify -- salsa great, VERY hot food, great aguas frescas -- it's just that I'm a dark-meat-chicken-hater and a white-meat-chicken-snob and they don't serve white meat chicken. Used to be a time when everyone served white or dark (what, 20 years ago?) now people all cuttin' back and only dark meat. I think that doesn't bother most of you(?), but it does me. Hard to find anymore in this town. Next.
I know this place doesn't need another review but I have to give my props. It's delicious. I moved to LA and thought I'd find better kicks but have yet to top the Bay Area. The suiza carne asada quesadilla is amazing. Like a burrito without the rice and bean filler. And it's huge! So fresh and savory... droool... The line is ridic... wear a coat... half because you'll be waiting in the cold for a long time... and half because while you're waiting creepy guys will stare you up and down, and you'll have no place to run since giving up your spot in line is out of the question.
I decided to go on a walk yesterday around the city as the weather was beautiful. I live in lower pac heights, and decided that I had never gotten mexican food in the mission before, and I really needed to try it out. I've heard of this place from so many people, and the reviews on Yelp seem to be raving about this place. It's about a 3 mile walk from my place-- was it worth it?Probably so. This is one of the best mexican food experiences I've had thus far in San Francisco. I'm going to go ahead and say it's not the best mexican food I've had in my life, but it's pretty close. I might have had TOO HIGH of hopes for this place though, as I really thought that after trying it, I would have to come back all the time. I don't think I'm quite at that point with this place. I look forward to trying other mexican restaurants in the city, but for now, this is the best.I ordered the carne asada super burrito with no sour cream, chips, and a bottled water. It came to $7.88. The burrito was HUGE and I could only finish half of it, making the other half my lunch today (looking forward to it). I'll definitely be back, but considering it's 3 miles away, it's a bit of a hassle to get there, and I hate the neighborhood it's in. So it's going to have to be a special treat for every now and then. Gracias!
I had the carne asada tacos here last night, and it was highly tasty. The hot salsa was just the write amount of hot, and the blend of cilantro and onions was great. They also have Coke in a glass bottle, which I love. This is easily one of the best spots for Mexican food I have been to in the city.
Every single time I come here, an absolutely epic night follows. Seriously. I'm starting to think the key to these successful evenings is starting the night off with a chile relleno burrito ;) Anything I have ever ordered has been totally satisfying, and I usually wash it down with a nice cold Jarritos. I also love that there are mariachis there on occasion, playing and taking requests. Adds a lot to the atmosphere, and makes me want to get up a dance...and maybe burn off a fraction of what I ate. The line is sometimes out the door, cuz the place is small, but the reputation is big. That's actually what got me in there to begin with so long ago. I could smell the food, saw a long line and decided I might as well try what it seemed like so many people already knew about. Been coming back ever since. And because it's open til 3 am on the weeknights and 4 am on weekends, it's the perfect location for the after party!
Drunk. Check!Greasy goodness. Check!after going to the bars on the missions it's great to stumble over here and have a good burrito! It's cheap and hearty. I definitely had a huge half-drunk smile after taking a bite of the shrimp suiza! Yummy! The restroom is gross though and they buzz u in. i would hold in your piss if i were u.Also delicious when you aren't drunk!
Wow~this place is hopping! El Farolito Taqueria is so busy, the Foodies are in a line curving to the left outside passing two business doors waiting their turn ordering their food!My daughter, Kris A. took me to eat lunch here while I was helping her move to her new house at the end of February 2011. This place is awesome because despite the food menu is truly a basic menu of tacos, burritos, etc., the food cooked here is actually surprisingly very good! Eating here reminds of eating tacos and burritos from the the small restaurants daughter, Joy and I ate driving South towards La Paz, Baja Mexico-authentic Baja Mexico fare. !Muey delisiosa! I must admit I was skeptical eating here, BUT not anymore!P.S. I ate the WHOLE burrito!Here's their menu, so call ahead and don't wait in line ever again!elfarolitoinc.com
Super suiza quesadilla: the best frickin quesadilla I've ever had in my life. Huge slices of avocado, swiss cheese, tender carne asada, drippy sour cream, served piping hot within a perfectly toasted crispy flour tortilla.I'm lactose intolerant and I'm suffering from awful gas now as a result of eating that quesadilla, but it was totally, totally worth it. Some flatulence is not going to stop me from going back!
They rightly deserve SF Mag's Best Burrito In SF Award (Feb'10).  Wow, this was an amazing burrito. Don't let the decor fool you (it's a taquiria, after-all), the food is really good. My burrito was ENORMOUS- like I was stuffed after only a quarter of it. This, even after a long 12-mile 'urban hike' (we took the long way walking from the Marina). It was well worth the hike. When eating, with each bite, you got a taste of everything. I think we got the carne asada (sp??) - it was whatever their 'super-burrito' was. Whatever it was, it was delicious. Two thumbs up.
I went here the other night for the 1st time. .. stumbled upon it.Pretty good burritos. No complaints.Beware that they only except cash :)So make sure you have few dollars in your pocket!
Ya'll know how San Jose has La Vics and SF has El Farolito. Now if only we could combine the two. El Farolito Carne Asada super burrito + orange sauce = MIND BLOWN.tl;drCHEAP AND OPEN AT 2AM.
If you're rereading The Invisible Man for the first time since high school and you're having some trouble visualizing the scene at The Golden Day where all the mental patients are running around singing and fighting you could take a field trip to El Farolito at 2:30 on any given night for reference. There are no delicious steak quesadillas in any of Ralph Ellison's novels but you can imagine.
1) why am i reviewing a place that already has a ton of reviews?2) CASH ONLY3) come hungry (or with a friend that will eat all of your leftovers ... aka me)whooo hooo ... can't believe that I forgot to review this from my trip in July. The quesadilla is amazing. I woke up hungry in the middle of the night and decided to venture on foot down here and grab a burrito at the recommendation of a friend/fellow Berkley Yelper. You could also take the BART since it's right next to the station.I was hooked! The line was not quite around the corner but it was only midnight. I'm sure it got longer as the night went on but it was delicious! The place is absolutely sick. for six bucks you get a huge Super Suiza quesadilla that is big enough for two people (and that's just the regular portion)! The portions are massive and the flavor is definitely good. The experience is probably the best part, the place isn't big so go ahead and save a seat but since I was by myself, a few people joined me and we had a great time just chatting it up. Definitely wasn't expecting this kind of culture on the West coast, but it was much appreciated for this 'semi-southern' boy. The burritos are also huge and I will definitely try that next time I come. I doubt I will ever make it out here during the day though. Very much a late night place that fills you up with goodness to soak up whatever might be in your stomach.
Subtly impressed.Delicious food, awesome cashier, HUGE portion. Seriously, you get what you pay for.I got a super burrito with carne asada and it came out perfect. Just the right amount of carne asada, sour cream, salsa and avocado.Doesn't deserve 5 stars but doesn't deserve 3 either. I wish I had eaten here with a friend but I was all alone. Good food, check it out.
Went to the city to chill rather than go out, so my friend took me to this spot to get filled up and ready to go to X-Box 360 land.This place had that fully exposed kitchen window exterior (With a dozen hungry eyes pasted right on all the time), and a small walk in area. The menu had options of meats, from your standard beef, chicken, and carnitas to beef tongue, brain, etc.My friend got a Carne Asada Super Burrito, while I had the same except it was chicken. We then had horchatas to accompany our meal, which was definitely a plus. ----Chicken Super Burrito: 4/5 - This burrito was really good. It was extremely filling, hard to eat, messy, and required me pouring hot salsa all over it every few bites because my tongue needs spice like michael myers and a knife. Besides chicken, it had salsa, sour cream, guacamole, random veg. I really wished I could have finished it, but it just spilled all over when I was close to accomplishing the task. Horchata: 5/5 - This tasted really good, and complimented the meal really well. I couldn't have asked for better. Salsas: 4/5 - These were good, but not as spicy as I would have liked.----We were served really fast too. Very cool.
Just go and don't worry about how it looks from the outside. It's what on the inside that matters. Literally. After a few bites, take a look at the contents of the work of art you have been consuming. The tortilla is wonderfully done, with just enough flavor and texture to cradle the combination of beans, rice, guac, cheese and meat to you. Enjoy!
carne asada is delicious. highly recommended!!!
So far this is the best Mexican restaurant I've tried in SF. I had the carne asada burrito (no rice) and it was amazing. It is super filling! I should've split it with someone. Also - I've tried bits of their quesadillas and that was pretty good too. My vegetarian friends thought the veggie burrito was awesome. Price is fair: $6-ish for a burrito.If this place were cleaner I would've given it a 5. But tables / counters were kind of dirty for my liking.
Open Late Night!! The line is usually out the door, but it moves quick. My favorite is the Carne Asada Super Quesadilla Suiza. I think I'm just greedy. I can't even finish the super, but every time I come here, I always order the same thing. I usually just eat half or a third. It's filled with Carne Asada, cheese, sour cream, avocado and salsa. Even though it may be greasy it is flavorful and well worth the money! This restaurant is one of my late night spots. I'm never disappointed with the large portions and cheap prices!
The legendary El Farolito! The best salsa!Gigantic burrito with a taste of awesome-ness!Awesome service!Need to say more?!
Fellow Intrepid Gringo Pie Holers! Your Captain, accompanied by the lovely and vivacious Sandy S, dined herein on the eve of the Okie Dokie Karaoke UYE held at The Mint, which was hosted by the incomparable Alexandria N a few weeks ago. Having walked and walked from the Civic Center Bart Station, we ended up chilled, windburned, plain tuckered out, and utterly lost. A couple of kindly San Franciscans took pity on us and steered us to the right bus line to reach this joint. After fortifying ourselves and recovering from our ordeal with one or three libations at the El Farolito Bar, which is just next door to this place, and will also be reviewed separately, we joined the line of patrons waiting to order their eats at this fabled venue. One is first struck upon approach, by the frenetic energy of this busy place, as well as its charming, shabby "sheikiness". From the peeling paint on the ceiling, which one hopes won't end up in one's order, to the patina of grungy venerability, which many joints have tried to affect artificially with varying degrees of success, but which can only be authentically acquired by decades of earnest service, it fairly screams "ethnic diamond-in-the-rough"! Your Captain had thought this was the birthplace of the 'Mission style burrito".  But found, after performing the due diligence he should have, before heading to the Mission for this historic dish, it is not. It is however a reasonable facsimile, and we loved it anyway. Some Mexican Nationals, having cherished ideals concerning authenticity, whose fierce and justifiable pride in the glorious culinary traditions of their homeland, have panned joints like this one, as well as burritos in general, because they either don't exist back home, or differ markedly from the dishes of the same names, found there. While The Captain respects, and even reveres the opinions of these better traveled ones, who are truly qualified to make these judgments, he still adheres to one simple rule. Is it good, especially for the price, or not? And if it is or isn't, just how good is it or isn't it? The US, for better or worse, is not only our planet's greatest ethnic melting pot, it is also its largest crucible for forging the evolution and fusion of diverse cuisines, into variations which can be new, exciting, and even spectacular. Sadly some of these, even quite popular ones, descend into bland banality at the hands of commercialized mass marketers, but this doesn't seem to be the case universally, where Central American, South American, and Caribbean cuisines are concerned. The burrito, especially the "Super" or "Mission Style" is said to have originated in the produce fields of Salinas in the 1950's, and even earlier, where farmers competed for the best cooks to feed their crews of Mexican fieldworkers, which in turn, attracted the most skilled and productive among the legions of migrant laborers. In 1961, a taqueria called "El Faro" unwittingly unleashed these savory dreadnoughts upon the world, by introducing the first "Mission style burrito". El Farolito, which is part of a local chain, apparently was one of many joints, who glommed onto this success shortly after the dish's original debut, and along with several others in the Mission District, it prospers to this day. I ordered a super burrito with my favorite and inevitable meat choice, lengua, and Sandy opted for a couple of tacos, however, I don't recall her meat choice. The array of salsas etc, available was formidable and excellent with the exception of the escabeche. (Pickled, veggies, usually including jalapenos, dear Gringos.). It was canned, but everything else was fresh and vibrant. As we enjoyed our meals, sipping bottled beer from the large choice available in the cold case behind the counter, we watched the patrons come and go. Sleek, prosperous urbanites mingled freely with students, day laborers, artists, and the rest of the usual eclectic mix found where tourists are rarely seen in The City. As much as I loved this colorful establishment with it's unhindered view of their hardworking, cheerful crew preparing mountains of meats, rice and beans etcetera, I was sadly compelled to subtract a star. The generous serving of flavorful lengua which my stupendously proportioned burrito was constructed around, was unfortunately, a bit tough.I have been served beef tongue many times, and although quality of flavor can vary, the buttery tenderness, which characterizes this part of the beef critter's anatomy almost never does. I am guessing it was cooked at too high a temperature, and for not a long enough time. Everything else however, was perfection wrapped in a tortilla. The Captain shall return with Ma Megabyte in tow, and try some of the other temptations offered.Copyright 2010/2011 by Pie Hole Publishing. All rights reserved.
I been a customer since I was 11 my first burrito place & still the best!
Went here on a Saturday night/morning at 3 AM. Line was out the door. We stood outside in the freezing cold and windy weather but it was worth every second of it. My friend ordered the Carne Asada quesadilla ...it was ginourmosand and two people could have shared it! I ordered a Carne Asada burrito....it was HUGE and the size of a small child but very delicious. I was only able to eat half. My friend also ordered carne asada burrito but was unable to eat it due to the huge quesadilla so we searched for a local bum to give it away to but because of the rain the bums were all in hiding for the evening . Instead we gave it away to a local Filipino taxi driver who got very excited to see the burrito.
Well I heard Calli had some good mexican food. I think a few other posters said to. Can't stop balabbing about how great mexican food is in the Calli. So I decided to check out your finest burrito....So I got the burrito not the super which i heard was a mistake but i wasn't that hungry so yeah. I had the carnitas burrito. very meaty I was very pleased with that and the rice inside was really tasty to. A tad salty but a sip of the strawberry fresca was nice. Someone described it to me as waterd down juice so I didn't really have any high expectations. It tasted alot better than watered down juice. The place is like walking into a old bodega that u would not typically want to purchase a burrito from but it was packed. Packed with people from all walks of life which I found pretty interesting. But yeah its a damn good burritto.
What can I say? I've been going here for years before it became a hipster assembly. The food has been consistently yummy and fresh. The staff is pretty nice and there has been little turn over. I still recognize a few faces.My favorite is the suiza quesadilla or the al pastor super burrito. The horchata is okay . . . but a little too sweet for me. I prefer the horchata at a place called Los Yaquis.
got the super burrito w carne asada and really enjoyed the tortilla.also loved the green hot sauce made out of guacamole.
I find the review that breaks down the calorie and fat content of El Farolito burritos laughable. Uh buddy, no one goes in there with the intent of eating a healthy meal...ANYHOO, El Farolito has always been and continues to be the best burrito in town, even after I gave up all meat and dairy. You almost get kind of a high off those forearm-sized bundles of goodness! You get two meals out of the things...what's not to like?! All for under $5 if you're a veg, $7 if you you eat meat. Excellent deal, excellent food. Best taqueria in SF. Period.
Delicious and cheap as hell. Go the highly touted Carne Asada Super Burrito with everything, and tried it with alternating bites of their delicious salsas and peppers. My god, it was amazing. And huge, at more than 1 1/2 pounds. I was told it was the best taqueria burrito and it was the best taqueria burrito I've ever had.I'll be back for the torta
I used to live in Southern California. I was born and raised on amazing hole-in-the wall joints, especially joints serving Mexican food. Then I made the tragic decision to move to DC for a job. In a weak economy, it was really a blessing. But the food!!! Ugh. DC has nothing close to the yummy eats from California. Nothing. So, on a recent trip to San Francisco for a work trip, I made it a mission to find the nearest In-N-Out and the dive-y-est Mexican place serving authentic food. Yes, this girl has her priorities straight. First things first, the line was long which just made me eager to eat something STAT. Second, this is without a doubt a hole-in-the-wall which made me even more excited to eat something STAT. Third, the smells taking over the place were so delightful, which again got me even more ecstatic to eat something STAT. When it was our turn to order, my partner ordered a carne asada and shrimp super burrito and I ordered the shrimp super burrito with a horchata. Quite possibly the best horchata I've had in months. Yes, DC has deprived me so. The burritos were heavenly. The avocado, crema, cheese, rice, and shrimp goodness completely took me over. My partner's face had that "oh-my-god, I think I'm in love" look. Next time we're in SF, we're heading back. FOR SURE.
I want to bathe in the green sauce. They started giving me dirty looks because I used their water cups to fill up completely on green sauce to take across the street to my house. Yes, I actually bought food you jerks; I wouldn't just stroll in and steal their salsa (although I've thought about it at times)I heard they started charging you for the stuff if you take large amounts. My thought on this is: it's a free country dammit, give me have as much greensauce as I want!
lopsided burrito. meat on one end, veggies on the other. chicken quality is subpar.
I've been coming here for well over a Decade. This particular El Farolito, is the best of the bunch. I work very close to the one on Kearny St., and it really doesn't live up at all. I think its a combination of the high-volume business and clientele that really makes the mission one the true Winner.Now, for my most recent and satisfying visit to date. Ended up going out for drinks Friday night with a buddy of mine. Got super blitzed, woke up at 9am Saturday AM, tummy grumbling.. Our eyes made contact.. BURRITOS.. He goes, Are they open yet? In my genuine Naivete, I'm like oh Hell Yeah, They're always open.Now flash to standing in front of the place, Metal bars across the doorway, gently shaking the bars and yelling into the people cleaning up.. "When do you Open?" "10 Minutes!" Score!!!! I can't say enough how honored I felt having the first carne asada burrito of the day, sans rice. ( I don't understand the California love for rice in burritos, every time I go back to Chicago, and say no rice, they look at me like I'm on crack), It was so fresh, so tasty, so RIGHT!!! It's making it hard to right this review. I want to go now and get one.I uploaded 3 pics to the photos section: 0:01 yelp.com/biz_photos/SGRm0:02 yelp.com/biz_photos/SGRm0:03 yelp.com/biz_photos/SGRmWhich correlates to the 3 seconds it took to go from start to finish.
Every taqueria I know does their al pastor a bit differently, and I tend to like them all. El Farolito's is right up there with the best I've had--the pork is tender with crisp edges, well seasoned and (of course) laden with greasy goodness.Good selection of Mexican beer (had a Bohemia with my tacos), and a rousing crowd of lively people, including a table of energetic diners who sang out order numbers as they were called. I'll be back.
Dear El,I did not know how great you are until i cheated on you. I swayed yesterday and slipped into La Taqueria. Not only did I leave with my taste buds disappointed but with my wallet stripped away of extra cash that could have been better spent on you. While you may sometimes be inconsistent with the meat ranging from being charred to perfectly cooked, the taste is always delectable 99% of the time.  I know better now. I choose food over atmosphere.  I will stick with you.Sincerely,Buritto lover
Great food for what it is.Cash only.Ceviche was awesome.Not too clean, but what do you expect when you're at a taco shop in the mission.One of my more favorite quick eats in the mission, but I've had better quick Mexican. Id still go here again for sure though.
El Farolito is better than 99% of the Mexican joints in Southern California. There, I said it. It had to be said.I've lived in SoCal all my life and eaten at countless late-night Mexican hole-in-the-walls (especially the most popular or hyped up) -- in East LA, Santa Monica, Hollywood, San Diego -- and none compare to the deliciousness that is in a carne asada super burrito or a carne asada super quesadilla suiza at El Farolito. I have to bring up SoCal, because I always hear that SoCal Mexican food is superior to NorCal's -- which I agreed was true, until El Farolito. There is only one Mexican taco truck in LA that I believe is better than El Farolito (FYI, it's ALJ Taco Truck w/ the best empanadas in human history). Anyway -- El Farolito is open late at night, always bustling with drunk night owls coming from Medjool, Benders, or Bruno's. Long ass line, but it goes fast and it's totally worth it.Definitely the best Mexican food in SF -- and arguably better than the vast majority of Mexican food I've tried in California.
I have only eaten here late nights, which normally means a pretty long line and wait. I never found it to be anything too special. I would say the stand out options are carne asada burrito, first, followed by the quesadilla.Sometimes meat portions are kinda light with overly generous amounts of rice, usually when the place is extra packed.
Agua fresca's. The best.
With 1300+ reviews and 4.5 stars, what more can anyone add. Hell, why would you even need to read a review - the numbers speak for themselves. Dirt cheap, badass burritos longer than your forearm. Great sauces. Everything else on the menu looked banging. If you like burritos and find yourself in the Mission, go here. If you like burritos and find yourself in San Francisco, get on the BART and go here. If you don't like burritos, then you suck as a person and should throw yourself in the Bay.
Came here on my quest for decent Mexican food and what I found was so far beyond decent. I was sure delicious Mexican food couldn't be found North of -oh, I don't know- the 118, but here, in the desert of bland, I found an oasis. With a line out the door, across the sidewalk, and threatening to overflow into the street, El Farolito got my heart racing from the very beginning. Clearly a taqueria couldn't have this many people in line on an otherwise dead block if it wasn't amazing. Once I made it inside, I ordered the super veggie burrito (beans -I got black, pinto, AND refried!- rice, cheese, sour cream. avocado, salsa) with cilantro and an orange Fanta. Despite being crazy busy, we easily found a table, and our food was brought to us relatively quickly. I tore back that foil and OH MY GOD THIS is what I've been searching for all this time. Flavorful and delicious, the perfect balance of hot salsa and cool sour cream, of firm rice and ripe avocado. This was burrito heaven and I'd been a very good girl.
One of the best havens for Mexican food in the city. Open at practically all hours of the day, you can always count on a solid meal. Some tips for your next visit there:1. If you order a burrito, ask for real avocado instead of guacamole. Taste better and it's free of charge. At least, I think it's free. Else, put on your best charming face and ask nicely.2. There's no bad time to come here but coming at random hours late at night makes the food taste better for some reason.3. If you want to avoid the lines here, check out there other locations.5 stars.
Absolutely delicious! Suiza quesadilla is spectacular. Soft tacos give you more meat than the hard tacos. Carne asada and chorizo tacos are extremely tasty (probably not too good for you though....but who's counting calories when you go out to eat anyways). Cash only though! Sometimes the place gets some interesting clientele (drunkards, prostitutes, etc) but that's what you get when delicious food comes with a price of $5.
This is the greatest Mexican food of all time. If you are eating other Mexican food spit it out right now cause it is shaming your mouth.Really though, that's all it is. The best ever!I found this like all other do, at 2 am while heavily intoxicated. IT IS OPEN TILL 3 AM!!!! At first i only got their burritos, which are at least 2 meals worth of food. They are so flavorful it leaves you wondering what you have been eating before. Then I found the Quesadilla Suiza, which is an obvious gift from god.Then there is the green salsa. I have made pilgrimages to the mission just to get this salsa. It is fresh made. The way you know is that it is different every time. Sometimes its really spicy and limey, then other times it has big chunks of avocado and has a mild creamy taste.Enough gushing... i love this place, and would like to thank the guy who has taken my order, sober or not, for forever. Thanks buddy for not judging.
This place blew my simple east coast mind. During a 4 day trip, my friends and I went here twice. Try the carnitas and make sure to get the green salsa from the salsa bar. My group got a bunch of different items/meats and everyone was loved their dish.
El Farolito is one of my favorite spots to hit up when I'm in the mission, especially after late night partying. Sometimes nothing hits the spot after drinking like good Mexican food, not even drunken pizza!The burritos are definitely above average, but what stands out to me about this place are the suizas! If you get a burrito, get carnitas! But if you really want to clog your arteries with Mexican bliss and make the little Chancho inside of you dance, get the carne asada super suiza! I would suggest carnitas since El Farolito does the porker well, but the juicy carnitas turns the suiza into a mess. Trust me! Lol. I know from experience. Open late! Cheap! Grub! Get your papusa on!
What a superb burrito. After reading the voluminous reviews surrounding El Farolito, I decided to check it out last night. The line was (thankfully) short, and I got the Super Burrito w/ Al Pastor (marinated pork). Absolutely, positively, supremely good. The burrito was hot and rolled perfectly. Each bite had the right amount of guac, meat, rice and beans. All of this for about $6. Yes, the chips aren't great and cost $.50 extra. AND this is another one of those cash only joints, but I've come to expect this from the cheap Mexican joints in the Mission. El Farolito is the type of place that's worth waiting in line for.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE THEIR FOOD !!!!! ... SOOO YUMMY !!!!!I always get their Super Quesadilla with carne asada, or if I'm not super hungry I'll get their Regular Quesadilla. Their carne asada is flavored just right, the tortilla is huge and toasted perfectly, and the flavor of everything is bliss ... mmm! I can never finish the Super Quesadilla in one sitting, I always end up taking half home. Their burritos are really good too, but I just really like their quesadillas. Make sure you stop by the salsa bar too, my favorite is the green salsa! It's the best !! ... OMG! AND their Strawberry Agua Fresca is my favorite !!! I need to get it every single time !!!If you are ever on Bart at 24th Street and you're hungry, stop by here! It's right around the corner of the Bart exit.
Yeah - so this is just a San Francisco tradition. When you first come to the city in your early 20s you cut your teeth on Taqueria Cancun - but when you wise up - you find this place. This is the number 1 burrito place in the city. I love to watch the cooks while waiting for my burrito. You get all kinds of characters here at night.
Had the carne asada burrito, it was huge and the rice is tasty but the meat itself wasn't anything special. The place itself is filthy and they even charge for the chips, i guess it's an ok option for late night snacks because of the huge portion size but quality wise there are a lot of better options nearby.
I used to really really like big, turgid, tubes of meat. It used to really turn me on. The reason why I liked burritos over gyros and other middle eastern alternatives is because of the turgid factor. Heh. Turgid. Burritos are turgid and moist. I've now become a bit more sophisticated. I like burritos because of their turgid-ness. And I also like quesadilla super suiza carne asada! Power up. Although the format of the quasadilla is floppy, there is some extra skin here and there, especially at the business end, it is super moist. The tortilla is grilled on that awesome grill which I hope has never been washed. And I hate beans. I just don't like it. Is that unamerican of me? I don't like beans and I don't like peanut butter. Some days the legume can be more tolerable, which is why I still pledge undying love to the burrito. But now I have a vibrational alternative that has no beans: quesadilla super suiza carne asada, power up!I love the salsa here. There is only 3 kinda, but it gets the trick done. Today, it was a little watery. I like to mix the salsa fresca with the deep red one. It has that burn and scalp tingle, sometimes mistaken for indigestion. But it's the peppers. Today, I saw a not-homeless looking woman come in here, fill a drinking cup full of the pickled jalapenos, cover the cup with a napkin and walk out of here as proud as Mary Poppins. Without buying anything else. As Pretty Woman would have said, Snack?
Blink and you'll miss this awesome place! I'm born and bred in Mexico and the food here is delicious!  I've ordered the cow head meat and it's super authentic. Ordering the quesadilla for two is huuuuuge and well priced. Parking is normal, difficult but so worth the ticket for double parking. I try to go weekly.
A classic and still the best burrito in the city. Don't forget to check out the location at 24th and Alabama (a 5 minute walk). It is larger and more low-key.
This is my favorite greasy taqueria in town. Though everything is delicious, I always opt for a Quesadilla Suiza with Steak and Prawns. I'm salivating just thinking about it. Be prepared to stand in line to order
A friend was visiting from out of town, and we were in search of the perfect burrito. The burritos I can get in the Mission are usually good, but I wanted the cream of the crop. This place had good reviews -- and it's good that they do, because they don't -look- like they'd be that much better than any other Taqueria in the Mission. But don't let that fool you.The first thing you notice is the rice. Some other reviews have said there's far too much; I say when it tastes this good, who cares? Definitely go super, you're gonna need that avocado to tag team with the shrimp in your burrito for a delicious steel cage match in your mou... (that metaphor kind of broke down). But I assure you, it's a fantastic burrito.
Another date story, that ended in awkwardness due to the amasing lack of concern for manners, due again in part to the amasing food here.We arrived JUST in time before the line got out the door, around 11pm last night. I decided against a tostada and just got a burrito, sin cebollitas y cilantro, con pollo. We were handed a number and delicious basket of chips, with the option of getting salsa/guacamole/something else I didn't have the energy to get up and look for. So they finally brought over our food, and I unwrapped it carefully as to not disturb the fine burrito wrapping the goodness was encased in. Took one bite, and with my mouth wide open, full of food, said OUTLOUD:"OMGTHISISDELICIOUSWHEREDIDYOUFINDTHISPLACE::choke on food, chewed, swallowed::"Paired with a Modelo Negro beer, all of your dreams will come true with it being a truly great meal. There were moments throughout the date where I took a HUGE bite out, looked up, and saw my date just staring at me like "what..are...you...doing. This is a public place" Thank goodness he has a sense of humour, and started laughing. I laughed too, and almost choked again.I couldn't finish all of it. It was too delicious. Not the best neighborhood, but RIGHT across the street from the 24th & Mission bart station so if you just ran over, got your food and ran back I think you should be fine at 1am. Just don't wear heels.Man...I'm craving el farolito burrito goodness again...
Still one of the best (if not THE best) carne asada burritos in the Mission.I always get the super burrito, carne asada, no beans.
encouraged by the good reviews on yelp we have tried some burrito and tacos in el farolito. we enjoyed the food but the meat (al pastor and chiscken) was dry and a bit to greasy for my taste. Still the meal was not bed at al it was alsol cheap and very filling. 3 good stars but nothing more than that in my opinion
This place has to be one of the best taquerias in existence. I ended up here with my friends one night after high-fiving the new golden state warrior, Jeremy Lin. So naturally we were starving. This place is amazing.. The meat is cooked perfectly and it is seasoned proper. My friends had carne asada burritos, tacos, or quesadillas. I went on a limb and got the lengua. It was so tender and delicious I couldn't believe that this type of satisfaction could exist in a taqueria. Each plate was about 7 dollars which is typical of taquerias. My only complaint would be the chips. Sometimes they are good sometimes they are soggy and old. I think if they were fresh fried chips. This place would be even better. Also the lines are kind of bad. No matter what time of day. Either late night crowds or the school kids at lunch. So prepare to stand there for a while.Other than that this place is a gold mine.
El Farolito is food when there is no food elsewhere. it's open late and the perfect greasy snack for that late night craving for food. The super quiza is the best meal, its like burrito cut in half into sandwich like objects. The burritos might be the favorite here among most people the super quiza is just easier to eat and since it comes in two parts you can easily split an order. It also doesn't come with beans (which I hate).One star off for being very greasy and cash only.
Great place for burritos...Ingredients are really fresh...I have been to other El Farolito's in the city and in South City and they have better service and free chips......My friend ordered a quesadilla and got a burrito instead...the guy did table service for all my friend except for me...I went up and they took forever to get my burrito which was in a to-go bag and not for here which I told them. So that's why they didn't do table service for me.Other than that....still a good burrito place.
Best super burrito you'll ever have. I always get the carne asada super burrito. It's always packed and never a disappointment. I've tasted the quesadilla, nachos, regular burrito, strawberry fresca and horchata. I also really like their strawberry fresca. It can be really sweet but it's so refreshing and one sip is certainly NOT enough. Stop reading and come here already! BEST BURRITO in the SF. 7x7 thinks so too.
I had been a big fan of this place for a while - loved getting the carne asada tacos and regular burritos.I'm not a very extreme person, but when I found a Hall's wrapper and tasted that signature menthol throat relief 2/3 of the way through my burrito last night, that crossed a line. (See attached photo for the gruesome evidence.)El Farolito, clean up your act!I will not be headed back.
This is one of my favorite restaurants period. I eat here about once a month on my way to the hospital and I always tend to bring a hungry friend. Authentic, good portions at a good price. Yesterday (June 8th) I went there with a Hispanic doctor from out of town. He said he'd gone to some of the more fancy and famous restaurants and thought they were good but nothing had wowed him and he didnt' realize it was so expensive, so we went here. We walked in with suits and ended up getting a lot of food. When I've eaten in L.A. and NY, the mexican food is much different than in the bay area. Some of my friends from other parts of the country have said this restaurant is just ok but not great and I think that's the reason. I think L.A. especially is obsessed with more trendy ingredients and also lime which I'm not into on my mexican food. Again, it's their opinion and not everyone will like every restaurant. My favorite is always the carne asada with a mess of salsa. We had that and the meat was grilled perfectly and was so tasty. I like it hot and the salsa made me think of my grandma; it hit the spot.We also had the tacos. I love the grilled steak but my friend loves tongue so he had the beef tongue and loved it. He said it wasn't chewy and the beef flavor was strong and fresh and not overpowering. I do have to agree the burritos are really good but not the greatest on occasion. I don't like huge portions at restaurants too much and I think their portions are very good. I've never gone their late night, only during the day and evening so I can't tell you how the food is. Sometimes the quality can be tarnished when it's so busy so I would check with others that eat late night to see what they say.Pros: Great fresh food; great meat and tongue. Love the grilled steak. Great spicy Salsa. Carne Asada and tacos are my favorite. Cons:Burritos are good but at times, they have been so so. Sometimes it gets pretty busy and parking is a pain, but that is San Francisco.
This place is not good for their "vegetarian" options, somehow meat magically appears in part of my food. (Then again, it's so hard to find a clean Mexican joint). This place is great for regular, meat-eating mongols, but is far from safe for veggies. I have eaten here about 3 or so times, but was left with a sour taste of food poisoning.With that said, it's cheap, its kinda good, the strawberry drink is hella delicious, and even with food poisoning, I'd still probably go back. Plus, it's right next to the Bart stop.
LOVE IT!!!That's all I really need to say... but ill say more.Its open late! Carne Asada is AMAZING!A lot of people in line but they are usually pretty quick to serve everyone. Its not just a great tasting one item menu but everything is delicious!Workers are very polite.Burritos are HUGE and if you save it it's just as good day 2.Salsa Bar!Not small portions of anything.Jarritos!!! ***CASH ONLY***Also because its kinda a whole in the wall in the mission and super good there may or may not be seats available. But I've been able to get one every time I've been. But, its totally worth it!!
I know this is THE place to just go crazy and like a mid-western divorcee with 2.5 kids consume whatever you see in site but I also want to make a sober judgement here. So, unless you're an all you can eat las vegas buffet frolicking sweat hog, this review might be of some value. Let me first start off with what you're actually eating (nutritionally speaking) when you're at El Farolito. :-)Most of the time you've had a few drinks before you bumbleand stumble into this joint so lets just be conservative and say you've had two beers/two cocktails.2 beers = 150 x 2 = 300 Calories which are basically sugar and go straight to the abdomen for the guys and to "other places" for the ladies. Now you're ordering yourself a delicious El Farolito burritothat you just can't wait to consume.Tortilla = about 350 calories of white flour/corn, irrelevant really since both are close equivalents of sugar.Rice = about 200 calories of another simple carbBeans = about 150 cals Cheese = about 150 cals (+6 grams of saturated fat)Sour Cream = about 150 cals (+8 grams of saturate fat)Guacomole = about 100 cals Chicken = about 250 cals Chips & Salsa (yum!) = over 650 cals (half coming from fat)Now I'm being a tad conservative here because I'm counting these calories as though El Farolito served non-grease infested food. But we all know that their food is quite filling and just makes you feel so damn good afterwards. :-)So lets just add all these up and see what we get: 2,300 calories! Yay! Congratulations, in one meal you've consumed more than the recommended daily allowance from USDA (which is not a conservative limit by any stretch since USDA is lobbied mercilessly by big US Food companies to up their RDA so they can make more $)Unless you completely disrespect your body, you might want to slow your roll just a tad when it comes to El Farolito.
El Farolito where have you been all my life? As a lover of authentic Mexican food, El Farolito is a god-send. Not only is the place open during the day, it stays open late at night to fulfill those munchies you will have after barhopping in the Mission. This is definitely my go-to spot for fast Mexican food whenever I am in the neighborhood. My personal favorite is the suiza quesadilla- packed with meat, cheese, guacamole and sour cream. YUM! OH YEAH! Hands down-best burritos too! Everything here is cash only, but most dishes are about $10- well worth it considering the massive portions! If you are comfortable eating in a cramped area then you should be fine dining in. However, take a stroll around the Mission, enjoy the art work along the alleyways while eating a delicious treat from El Farolito.
Siamak S & Jason R took me here last night after the Bollyhood Cafe Elite Event.WHAT A DIVE! AND WHAT GREAT FOOD!I would NEVER, NEVER GO HERE ALONE . . . . but as long as I have good looking hungry guys who are willing to take me, I would go back in a flash of the switchblade which I'm sure was in the back pocket of a number of the customers who were hanging out here. A real dive . . . at least by my standards.Food was great . . . . I ate a double bowl of oatmeal this morning to counter-act the heart clogging properties of all the yummy Super Quesadilla Suiza I ate last night. It was huge and I only ate 1/2. Sia & Jason polished off the other half after their large burritos! Burp!
Best burrito shop in San Francisco that I've been too. Cheap too.
My favorite taqeria best tasting burritos
The best Burrito I had in San Francisco. Nothing else to say.
I didn't fully comprehend what I was about to experience when I was first carted into El Farolito after a night on the town. This place is a national treasure. The green salsa is made by wizards.
I've heard so much about Mission-style burritos over the years that I had to go to the source to see what the fuss was about. The problem was that I had no idea where to go. After looking at Yelp and another website, El Farolito appeared to be the best choice, so I dragged my brother and his friend there for lunch. Based on previous experiences, I had a feeling it was going to be hella good when I saw that it was a hole-in-the-wall joint. This burrito (the regular veggie with avocado and cheese) was a surreal experience! You know those moments where you start eating, and the food is so good that the conversation just becomes blurred and inaudible? Yeah, that totally happened.Side note: Even the regular burrito is massive, so keep this in mind when deciding between the regular and the super.
Cheap, delicious, and that's all I remember from the time I went. Good place to get late-night drunken munchies; line gets long, but the food and the price are definitely worth it.
Humungo burrito.Veggie burrito with no sour cream, no cheese.Free chips! Great salsa! (:
OMG the quesadilla here can't be described with words!!! Finally made my way here for the first time after the Yelp Pley party and dang what a good idea!As sober as I was, yea yea I know there was an open bar but DD status, the quesadillas here CAN NOT be beat. Not even by anything I've tried in SD, OC or LA. I think its the mix of the sour cream with the cheese & meat that just oozes pure goodness.Carne Asada burrito was pretty huge but it wasn't anything special compared to the quesadilla. Each time I bit into my burrito I was hoping to get some of that quesadilla oomph but I think it's just all too spread out when food's wrapped like that. Hot sauces compliment the food well althought out of the three I tried none of them were mouth burning hot, medium at best.Service is a bit slow, I got lucky and beat the drunkie crowd that came in shortly after us, even saw some Yelpers wearing their pins from the party. But who cares? Food greater than all.Ahhh I want another quesadilla! Take me back now!!!
One rule that I've learned to follow: never come during the weekend late night rush. The bars are just closing &El Faro is basically the only place in the mission that opens till 4 in the morning so the line is out the door &you're having to sit around belligerent drunks.But other than that, their super nachos can pretty much feed a family of four with only about 6 bucks. nuff said.
It's cheap, tasty, fast, and conveniently located on MIssion. After a long day of people watching at Delores Park, this place hits the spot. Can't go wrong with a super burrito carne asada style with all the fixings and their green and red salsa. El Farolito, I approve!
It's 2:00AM. Monks Kettle is closing and you need to get out. Where do you go for food? El Farolito! It's cheap, good, dirty, and filled with people lined out the door. It does the job and you can seat 6 to a 4 person table without people really caring. The night that we were there an ambulance came and it was not a big shock nor surprise to the crowd. All the food is good and you really can't go wrong. If you need to go to the restroom please go to the bar, club, restaurant before you come here. The lady in back of me told me there was no toilet paper and to grab napkins if I was to go or learn how to shake it off. Life lessons learned while in line for Mexican food at 3AM in the morning.
I went with a friend at 9:30pm on a Friday night, and this place was hopping. I ordered two tacos - one with chicken, one al pastor. They were both loaded with flavorful meat, but a bit too much onion. The salsas were good but unlabeled, and I took one with more heat than I usually like. Also, there wasn't any lime available. And the restaurant was absolutely freezing (it was a cold night, but why was it so cold inside?) Overall, if I were in the area and looking for a good taco, I'd go back for sure.
Yes, there's a line usually. Don't worry though, strangely, there's always a place to sit.Chicken, pork, their steak.. it's all good here.Salsa bar featuring a diamond in the rough. Be sure to try the green one!
My dad found this place back in late 70's, and he's been going here ever since. I'm super picky, (I've always been super picky) for the past 5 or 6 years, I've always ordered: Un burrito, carne asada, no cebolla (onions), refried beans, y aguacate (avocado)! My dad and I always take like a million little cups of the salsa stuff and eat it with our burritos. Wonderful service, everything is done fresh and quick. Love this place.
Oh. My. God. I've eaten a lot of burritos in my life but HOT DAMN this place is incredible. I had the al pastor super burrito and have thought about it for about 5-6 hours a day every day since eating it.
El Farolito is your no nonsense hometown taquaria. With great pirces and delicious food, this is the spot to get your burritos and tacos! The ambiance is great. They blast the mariachi and banda music, the workers are yelling out your order number both English and Spanish and they also server beer! When I arrived the line was out the door but it was moving swiftly. After about a 10 minute wait, I placed my order for a carintas super burrito and a super burrito de chile relleno. Both items came out hot and fresh and the chile relleno burrito was one of the best I've had. Highly recommend coming here for a true San Francisco experience while you're in the Mission.
With almost 3k reviews, you guys shouldn't even be wasting your time reading reviews and should already be at El Farolito! By far one of the best places ever to come.... especially for the late night grub!! Came out here just last night with a couple of friends and we saw Kero One there! It's a really popular spot so it gets busy at the late night, but don't fret! The line goes by really quick and with great customer service everything is all goood!
Came here for a quick lunch on our way to get cookies. We've had El Farolito times before; but for some reason, this time was disappointing.My boyfriend ordered a carne asada super burrito & I got a regular carne asada burrito. The meat was overcooked & everything else was just bland.This little space was busy like always & we both left very full (always a god thing).
I am unwilling to declare El Farolito's CARNE ASADA burrito one of the best burritos I have ever had, but coupled with the GREEN SAUCE at the salsa bar, it has definitely made me a fan.The meats, avocado, and other fillings did make each bite juicy and flavorful, but it was the green sauce that I drenched over each bite to fill all the crevices between the rice and its companion ingredients that made the experience utterly enjoyable.The guava flavored Jarritos (which I had never tried) and crunchy chips that were not too oily were great complements to the burrito.The service was relatively quick for the steady stream of customers, and table space was not scarce. The sink outside the actual bathroom was also a convenient feature.
This is what late nights in the mission are made of.You run into your best friends... your ex boyfriends and your enemies alll in one go and end up squahed together bonding over Mexican goodness. The queue isnt a bother as there is always something entertaining going on .... and people are generally friendly and as pleased with themselves at being there as you. The best part is when you wake up hungover and lazy ... open your fridge to find the other half of your burrito in there waiting to become the best brunch ever.
My go to place when the fancy dinner has disappointed. Freaking enormous super burrito for something like six dollars and about seventy percent of taxi cabs in all of San Francisco are stationed out front so I can always get home even in the wee small hours of the morning.
Pastor here is one of the best things I've ever had. Was not impressed with the carne though. One of the things I crave the most when I come to visit.
One of the best burritos in town. Hands down.The super burrito is amazing. I had it with the choice of al pastor, but you can choose any type of meat to your liking. Gonna be honest, for the price I paid, I was a little skeptical to be trying a burrito that big and hardy. Talk about a steal...$6? Are you kidding me?! It's been one of the best burritos I've had so far in the Bay Area. And let me say, burritos like that are a dime a dozen. I know I've been spoiled by the Mexican food from SoCal but this one ranks high up there.This burrito I had really hit the spot. The meat was very juicy and tender. The fresh avocado, salsa, sour cream, onions, beans, rice, etc- they all worked like a team. And in doing so, this burrito scored big. WIN! Service is efficient, especially in the wee hours of the night. And you can watch your food being made as you stand in line (and perhaps sober up) while you wait. Also it was crowded when we came but we were lucky enough to get a table when we arrived.Ok it's not the most appealing of all places. It's hole in the wall for sure, not the greatest crowd, location is in the heart of the Mission; but you know what, sometimes it's best to look passed all that and see what El Farolito really has to offer...great burritos. Come and check it out.
Had other burritos in the mission, but this one is the clear winner so far. Slightly better than taqueria cancun. I think the rice they use here might make the difference.Highly recommended for burritos.
Best burrito in the Mission. Hey now, I know, I know, that's a mighty statement to make. And yet it's the truth.Wandered into El Farlito a few years ago and now I come back every time. My latest trip to San Fran, I went on a burrito mission in the Mission (yuk yuk yuk). Pancho Villa, El Farlito, and Papalote. While I can't say any of them were bad, or even close to bad actually, El Farlito wins. Yeah, Pancho Villa's salsa's are awesome, and Papalote can make a mean bougy-ass burrito, but El Farlito is still the best. I can't really say what distinguishes it from the others, as the French would say it's got a certain Je ne sais quoi. Or perhaps it's the fact they use avocados instead of just quac? You be the judge.In conclusion, I'll put it in terms we can all understand: This is the burrito Chipotle dreams of being when it grows up.
I am a native Mexican, raised in the city that invented "Tacos al Pastor." In addition, the name "El Farolito" is the same name as that of the legendary hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Mexico City that served the best Tacos al Pastor for decades. So I had to eat there! I really regret it. What they served bares little resemblance with the original and tastes almost as bad as it looks. Please, "tacos al pastor" are grilled vertically, like a Lebanese shawarma or Greek giros. And served with a piece of pineapple. Not like the bland marinated pork served at El Farolito. Do us Latinos and yourself a favor and take it off the menu or learn how to do it right.
Two words: Fan Tastic. Best burrito I have ever had in my life. With 3 million taquerias on Mission, one must wonder how one can be significantly better than the other. Let me dispel this assumption one time. EF takes an In-N-Out approach to burritos. The toast the tortilla and melt the cheese before dumping the rest f the goods in and that makes a world of difference. The scoops of avocado adds the freshness you don't get elsewhere. Combine all these with good meat, beans, and rice and you get the most harmonious burrito ever with great flavor and texture. I went here like 3 times in a week. Get the chorizo!
This is coming from someone who wouldnt think to get Mexican food at the top of her cuisine list. That said, this is LEGIT stuff!!!!!!!!!I love this "hole in the wall" not franchised, unchained, total mom&pop place! I had their super burrito and it was at the end of this world. Really really scrumptious! And they not greedy with their limes, the onions are pickled?, sauces and etc.Cash only! But wow, I am so happy I discovered this place. :D I'll be craving Mexican food a whole lot more now.
Gigantic, delicious, messy burritos. That is all you need to know.If you wanted to know more, I would tell you the long lines shouldn't scare you away and they are open late.
Good meat portions, good burrito. Never came back though, the other burrito spots on mission got me.
As you start your journey into this taqueria standing behind 20 people in a queue you wonder will it be worth it! Will I really appreciate waiting 25 minutes for my food and then fighting it out for a place to sit?!Well.. let me confirm it will all be worth it, just go for it!Don't forget awesome nachos and some great authentic drinks with your food.Awesome prices for authentic food. This is one place that will not hurt your monthly food budget (if you are on it!).
Almost forgot that I've tried El Farolito because it tastes like what I'm used to eating in Southern California.Everything here is solid - carnitas could use more time frying but I just like mine real crispy :). I got 3 tacos to try out the different meats, but good thing I'll have more time to try out their other things because I'll be living right nearby soon...Time to compare against La Taqueria!
Carne asada super burrito is to die for.
My favorite taqueria. I absolutely love this place. Every time I'm out drinking in the city, this is the place I desperately try to end up at. It's great at all times of the day, but really shines late at night when it's packed with people that just got out of the bars and clubs. The Carne Asada Super Quesadilla Suiza is AMAZING. I also really like to get the burritos and tortas when I actually manage to order something other than the quesadilla. Take the green salsa and smother your food with it. ENJOY.
I drive all the way from Millbrae just to satisfy my burrito cravings... I think that says it all. The best burittos in San Francisco... or in my opinion, the Bay Area in general. Everything is fairly priced for the amount of food you get and not to mention the superb quality. I always leave here full and happy.If you want to stop by on days like Friday, Saturday and Sunday, be aware that it can get extremely packed (specifically during the evening). I have seen the line go out the door a couple of times. But regardless of that, their service is great! They always work super fast and are very friendly. Seating here is limited so if you want to find a table.. you better be alert!The location of this place couldn't be any better. Its next to BART and a ton of bars to help sober you up at the end of the night. Everything is within walking distance which is fantastic because who wants to drive around and spend 15 minutes finding parking? Its a pain in the you know what, if you know what I mean.But I think enough has been said. Definitely give this place a try (if not, you are missing out!).
Hands down, the best burrito I ever had. Coming from Valencia two blocks away, this part of Mission Street is not the prettiest place. That said, when we walked into El Farolito my friend's face was not happy. It was lunch time and the place was pretty packed and dingy looking but we decided to stay anyway. We each ordered a super burrito with carne asada, as recommended by other Yelp-ers, and it was really, really, really good - solid, fresh ingredients make a world of difference. I'll definitely come back here again sometime!
IDK. After reading all these reviews, I went in prolly expecting too much. I wasn't that impressed with their burrito. It was good, but not great, and I actually think I still prefer La Taqueria in the Mission. Sorry for the bummer review guys.
I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food (Tex-Mex is an exception), especially since everything in Berkeley, where I've lived for the past 3.5 years, is oily and disgusting, so I would've never gone here if my friends hadn't dragged me at 2AM after drinking in Japantown.We parked nearby and walked up, and I wasn't very impressed by how the place looked - it was run-down both inside and out, and wasn't very clean. But there was a huge line (which went by very quickly), and my friends were raving about it, so I buckled and gave it a try. I ordered a Carne Asada Super Burrito for myself and Super Nachos for the group. We sat down and eagerly waited for our food (I still had no idea what I was in for) and we all dug into the nachos the moment they came out. I blame being tired for getting full really quickly, but I did manage to get a couple of bites out of my burrito. I normally stay away from beans and salsa in my burritos, but I was so hungry when I ordered that I didn't bother asking to take them out - and I don't regret it! It was really tasty, and the burrito was HUGE. Lots of tasty goodness inside without being too greasy or saucy. The meat wasn't dry, the beans and rice weren't soggy, and there was a lot of guacamole and salsa. Definitely enough for three meals (I realize I don't eat a lot so this isn't saying much...). Also really good because it was so cheap! Like I said before, it isn't exactly the cleanest place but honestly, I'm guessing that everyone's usually so tired (and hungry and/or inebriated) that it doesn't really matter. There's a lot of seating space inside, so it's great for groups. I highly recommend El Farolito for late night munchies. If you're a calorie-conscious girlie like me, you can always take it home and eat sparingly :) Better than eating a whole pizza by yourself... aha...ha.PS. CASH ONLY!!! Boo :(
Another good place for burritos, nachos, etc.... I'm a fan of their shrimp items...Friendly, fast, and self-service.  It gets quite busy though...line out the door, almost single file seats, and better for take out if you're in a group.And perfect for late night munchies.
This place is soo good. The location is a little run down and its got cramped seating, but the food alone is worth it. If you are looking for some authentic tasty mexican food, this is the place for you.They are very quick to get you your food and open into the late hours of the night. Its the perfect place to go if you are hungry after hitting the bars.
This is the best burrito I've had in the City. There's tons of mexican places in the area, but this one is consistently packed for a reason. They spread the Sour cream, cheese and guacamole evenly, so you're not getting a mouthful of just meat, then a subsequent one of just cream; who would like that? If you're not in the mood for a burrito the quesadillas are really filling and yummy too!
Came here by recommendation of my Mom and it is the best burrito place I visited in San Francisco! The wet burrito was simply amazing and just looking at the picture I took of it now makes my mouth water. I devoured it within minutes of its completion, the texture of the carne asada meat was just right, with good seasoning to give it just the right taste. The other ingredients in the burrito went perfect together which was excellent because I was a little scared that I would not like the enchilada sauce at first. The horchata was also tasty, about the average I had in San Francisco.
One of the BEST super burritos I've had in San Francisco so far.Their super burrito is very filling and at $5.95 a great deal. My friend was unable to finish the whole thing and I barely could move after the consumption of one. I like to order it with carne asada because the steak is grilled with lots of flavor and is rather juicy. Even the outside of the burrito comes slightly "toasted" which adds a crispy taste.Their quesadilla is also made the same way (in a crispy tortilla wrap). I'm not sure how their other stuff tastes, so I'll only give them 4 stars. However, I look forward to trying them as I will venture here more and more.Cash only, but open very late.(3am Sunday - Thursday / 4am Friday - Saturday).
I don't understand the high esteem people hold for this place. I guess it's good if you need to catch BART quickly. After my trip there, the lingering thought about my burrito is how it was drenched in sour cream and drowned out any other flavor. Many other taquerias can offer you just as good a burrito
So disappointed with the rave reviews. Tried the carne asada and pork tacos. Pork was very fatty with big chunks of fat. Tacos fell to pieces while eating. Not even close to quality salsa fresca of La Taqueria just down the street, which I bypassed due to Yelp ratings. Price was good. Atmosphere was funky but very comfortable. Overall it was decent, but Not even close to the best and I regret not returning to La Taqueria.
Super burritos and suizas are awesome! Ive been going here for over 10 years, and never get tired of it. I usually get carne asada or al pastor.
Service: Order and eat...this aint not restaurantFood Eaten: Burrito, Nachos, QuesedillaPrice: Cheap!Would I come here again: OMG yes!I guess I should knock it down a star or too cuz on of my friends got stabbed here...but he still loves the place so whatever! He can yelp this place and give it lower stars if he wants. I brought another one of my friends of mine here who is Puerto Rican and Argentinian and he's been around the world a bit (stayed in Spain for a couple years) and he says that this place is the best that he's had in the states. This place just rocks. Open til 3 am, huge everything, fresh ingredients, and omg avocados! My favorite thing here had to be a super burrito with double meat (chicken and steak). This thing is HUGE! I hate when you go into a place and you order double meat and they skimp on the other stuff...not here! This place always gets recommended by me =)
It wasn't the worst tasting burrito I've had but it sure wasn't the best. It was a good sized portion and I couldn't finish the whole burrito. You do get your bang for your buck. The chips were not fresh but still crispy and I like their salsas. All in all, not a bad experience and I would come back for a late night burrito run if I was in the neighborhood.The restaurant was super crowded and it was difficult getting a table. I had to run around and snatch a table as soon as one opened up. I had my original table stolen when I got up to speak to a friend :(
The archetype of Mission burrito.Love that Chili's advertises on this page. I don't think there's much overlap there, buddy!
Best value in the area hands down. While most burrito places around have been hiking prices up to nearly $10 a burrito, El Farolito's monster of a super-burrito stays at around 6 dollars, and should probably be split across two meals. The place is a little grungy, but the service is fast and friendly, the location convenient, the ingredients fresh and delicious, and I reiterate, the only reasonably priced place for blocks around. This is my go-to spot in the mission.
This is the place to go when you're in the Mission! They make the food in front of you so you know it's fresh! And the long line that forms is a good sign that this place IS the place to be!I usually order the Super Burrito with chicken or carne asada and it never dissapoints! The Super quesadilla is another great choice!Four stars though because the area inside is pretty small so it's not ideal to sit down with more than 2 people...plus it's cash only. But the food here is an absolute must try!
The Hubs and I wanted Mexican food, but didn't have a set place in mind. I suggested we head towards the Mission and just pick a random taqueria. We grabbed some cash and just started walking... we must've passed about 5 places to grab Cuisine de Mexique when we saw the line going out the door of El Farolito. *BING* We're going there. We didn't quite understand where to order as you just stand mesmerized by all the delish meats sizzling on the grill. We finally ordered : Super Al Pastor Quesadilla, Regular Chicken Burrito, and two agua frescas ( horchata & fraises)!! The drinks were great and the food was even better.A star lost for the salsa bar, which i feel is lacking some variety. Both Pancho Villa & La Cumbre have varying degrees and textures of salsa, radishes and other pickled veggies. However, this place is open until 4am on the weekends and 3am on week nights (*BING BING!*)
Their claim to fame is the "super burrito" (and especially the chile relleno super burrito) which is huge, moist, and flavorful.A cheap and filling dinner in the Mission district, and a cheap, refreshing agua fresca to boot.The lines can be long but the wait is not *too* bad (could be better).That said, their tacos are too dry for my taste, even if they are packed full to the brim with meat for $1.95. Coming from LA, these tacos don't hold a candle to LA tacos!
I came here twice. The first time, I got the torta and the second time I got the quesadilla. I'm not sure if it's because I got the "wrong" things on the menu and not a burrito, but I don't think this place lives up to the hype at all. The meat was sort of bland and tough, and I didnt' like the way they serve the meat. It was thinly sliced versus chopped. Perhaps I will have to come back here again for the burrito but I think Pancho Villa is WAY better than this place.
Super Burrito w/ Carne Asada (4 stars): Something about this burrito just couldn't stand up to my first SF burrito (at Taqueria Cancun). But due to Yelp's 5 star system, I can't really distinguish between the two. I mean, Yay! I'm a fan. (of both... just more so Taqueria Cancun).Pretty cramped place. Also the salsas were not that good (and not spicy enough). Really bad chips so this place only gets 3 stars overall.
May be my favorite, after-work-you-need-that-beer, place to go for a quick and dirty.2 carne asada tacos ($2 each) + a beer ($3) + chips ($0.50) + salsa (free) youve got a meel and alcoholic beverage for $7.50.can't beat that, anywhere!
The nachos and the carne asada burrito finally earned our first Five Star review. The best ever.
so! Me and my friends drove a while to get here because the reviews were great and had a good rating. what a dissapointment...no carnitas thats a big no no, burritos were alright but over rated. The steak had grissle and seamed a lil thin. Gotta say we wont be coming back.
Best burrito I have ever eaten. That is all
I had major gas and the burps after my Super Burrito w/ Carnitas, but it was worth it. I also took a nap about 45 minutes after. San Francisco vacations are the best.
solid mexican food. one of the best in sf.
I came here with some family the night before Thanksgiving. We were starving and after Yelping some places in the area, agreed to come here. Walking in, you'll notice that it's not the best looking restaurant. The benches and tables have probably been here since the 70's. The second thing you'll notice after walking in is the delicious aroma of hot mexican food. We all got a quesadilla of some sort. Mine was, you guessed it, a Super Quesadilla with carne asada. For those of you familiar with La Vic's in San Jose, this quesadilla is just as big, almost as good, and not nearly as greasy. It would have fed two people and I think it was less than $6. The place is dirty and very cold, so I was surprised to see people eating there at 9:30pm when it was about 50*F inside the restaurant. Next visit, the Super Burrito. And like all of the great hole in the wall places, only cash is accepted.
5 stars because this is the best "hole in the wall" Mexican place we've been to in the bay area. Yes, it's kinda dirty inside (but it's not like you have to lick the floor) and you're lucky if you find a place to sit, but the food is great at a great price.We ordered: 1) Pork Burrito: The pork was soooo good! It's gigantic. Couldn't finish it. 2) Steak Quesadilla Suiza: Also gigantic and AMAZING! The steak wasn't quite as good as the pork, so the ultimate combination would be a pork suiza. 3) Chips and salsa: Salsa was really good. 4) HORCHATA: wow. So good. Get your own. You can definitely plan on sharing a burrito or quesadilla or having it for 2 meals. All the ingredients were super fresh. We'll definitely be back.
Update: giving it back the stars. The carnitas continue to be extraordinary! Previous misfires must've just been a blip.
When I think of El Farolito, I think of a Friday or Saturday night, you and your friends are smashed to infinity and beyond and are just leaving a bar and/or club, ready to satisfy that drunk hunger. You get here and you see that everyone has the same idea as you: F Jack in the Crack, screw Lucky Chances, hell with eating whatever I can find at home, I want some Mexicano food!!!Don't get me wrong, you don't have to be pissy drunk to go here. I can vouch for that. I have been here sober as a 10 year recovering alcoholic and found that the food is still delicious. El Farolito has a wide variety of things to choose from but my fav is the carne asada Super Suiza. The Super Suiza that they serve up here is nice and cheesy with grilled carne asada, avocado, and sour cream. When you get that perfect bite with all of these ingredients in your mouth, you taste the juicy carne asada, the subtle flavor of the cheese, the fresh avocado, and a hint of the sour cream. Yum.I always leave El Farolito feeling satisfied and that the trip to the Mission was well worth it. I don't think you can ever go wrong with this place when you are drunk and hungry or even if you are plain sober.
4.5 stars...El Farolito is set up like any other taqueria you may have been to in SF (especially in the Mission), it's bare bones operation adds to the authenticity of the place because you can tell their attention is really just on making some great tacos and burritos. Instead of them making your burrito right away they have a guy going to each person in line and taking your order, following by you paying, then you wait for your number to be called. Prices are what you'd expect with burritos being around $6 and beers being around $3. If you haven't been to a Mission burrito shop before then you can expect to see more protein options than just chicken, pork, and steak. If you want to be adventurous try beef tongue or head. I stuck to the steak which didn't look all that amazing when it was being tossed around on the grill but when I bit into my burrito I changed my mind. The steak was incredibly tender and juicy and the burrito was great. The only issue I may have about the burrito is that there was just too much rice. It's mostly used as a filler which makes the burrito weigh the same as a newborn and I just don't think it adds much flavor. I originally wanted to eat at La Taqueria down the street (who don't even make rice) but they close earlier then El Farolito. I think if I were to go back to Farolito (which I would love to do), I would probably just get a couple tacos instead as I can get the best of the burritos, while trying a couple types of meat and not have to fill up on rice.
Sauza's are awesome! Their burrito's are a little on the small side - and if they were a hint bigger id be their biggest fan, b/c they use good qual meat, and good qual ingredients, they are not stingy on the av or guac. but remember if u want guac specify b/c they like putting av in their burrito's. in my mind they are a strong competitor with papalotes.
Super Burrito = Delightful.Pro Tip. Save half, you'll be glad you didn't try to eat it all at once.
What else can i say about this place that hasn't been said. Its damm good for sure! I work next to the Rincon Center but when im craving it, I hop on the Bart during lunch and get my Farolito fix.  I always get the carne asada super burrito with no beans a large coke and a big ole cup of salsa. Damm my mouth is watering writing this review, El Farolito here I come!! The tacos are great to and BIG!
My go-to burrito shop. I almost always get the carnitas super burrito. Excelente y grande!
Fast delicious food and generous portions at reasonable prices. Definitely lived up to all the 5 star yelp review!
Can't beat this late night spot!!! Perfect after a long night out.
What the hell was the hype on this place all about?Were you guys all drunk and starving when you told me Farlitos was the best thing to ever happen to the Mission?I guess so because Farlitos is well, just boring. Same old 2am burrito, same old 1pm burrito. If you're not drunk & wandering the streets looking to go home, try La Taqueria on 25th & Mission. They don't have late hours but they'll blow your mind and you'll think you've died and gone to Burrito heaven.
I usually come here in the early am after a night of drinking and I always thought this place was the bomb! Hadn't been here in awhile, but after reading 7x7 claiming it being one of the best burritos in SF, I decided to take the family there because they had never been.Well, the burrito was good, but only if you're in the area. Not worth the drive out there for me. Plus, I think being drunk blinds you to the dirtiness of the whole place and its shifty surroundings.Prices are very reasonable, but with everything, you get what you pay for.
As a mexican, it got my approval stamp (with a happy face)
Long line (it was about 11pm on a weekend night so that's expected) but the wait was totally worth it. It's so rare to say this...delicious vegetarian options!!! Best burrito place in Mission, five hands down & five stars all the way. Nom nom.
When someone asks, what is the best burrito in SF, this is the Taqueria that I always mention first. To me, it is the pinnacle of burrito excellence, and the benchmark to which other burritos/Taquerias should be compared. El Farolito rises above the rest (concerning burritos) because their offerings are consistantly delicious, simple and well-balanced. The same can be said of the restaurant itself. Perhaps the reason why I love this place so much is because it doesn't try to be hip, modern, or strive to reinvent the burrito.Due to the many possitive reviews of El Farolito on Yelp, I will set aside the thesaurus and spare you the colorful adjectives. When friends of mine move away from SF, El Farolito is the last meal they have before they leave and the first when they return. In my mind that is a true testament to its greatness.
Friggin Delicious!My friends boyfriend actually took us here, and hes from Seattle but had heard how good this place is.He tried the cows brains, she tried the cows tongue (theyre an adventurous couple)I had the carnitas and the boy had steak.I didnt try the brains or tongue, but compared to my carnitas, the steak was def the best.Next time I come here I'm trying the Quesadilla Suiza. A few people were sitting and eating this and it looked like pure deliciousness.mmmm.... Quesdailla.Line: there usually is a line, just a testament to its tastiness. Line takes 5-10 minutes or less, even when its super crazy. But its no bother because it smells great and you can watch the cooks.... well, cook.
I used to go here quite a bit when I worked in SF, they were open way late at night back then. Hands down the best Carne Asada burrito in northern CA. The meat is marinaded nicely, moist, great flavor. Place is a bit of a hole in the wall and you can easily drive by it on a busy day, but awesome food. I like how they put real sliced avocado in the burrito instead of guacamole. I am pretty harsh on my taqueria ratings, but this place is just great! $6.25 for a super burrito...if you have it for lunch, you probably won't need much dinner.
This is a first. I'm yelping after just my first bite. Holy moly! Al pastor super burrito with extra hot sauce. My mouth is so happy with my brain right now (my stomach may hate my brain soon). Ok, back to the 2lb toddler arm in front of me. Believe the hype!
THE BEST SALSA VERDE EVER - velvety, spicy, fresh.Eat this with: The carne asada mexican tortaOr a carne asada burritoAwesome rice, beans, great chicken tacos...No wonder the lines form out the door around 1:30 on the morning. After a nasty 24 hour hangover and being unable to eat due to feeling too sick to keep food down, I had a couple beers to relax my alcohol shakes then came straight here after feeling hunger pangs. This was one of the most satisfying meals ever.
Yuuum! Great portions and fast service. Would be 5 stars ifwe were just grading the food.. But it's not. The restaurant is dirty. Really. Its not well lit, the floors are sticky and I can't ever imagine using their restroom. But kudos for being open late!
Its as good as it gets... Well there are a couple other places that stack up, but Im not telling....
Currently...I'm eating half of last night's super burrito for breakfast. And I'm not hungover. These things are just that good...
Gut-busting shrimp burrito. Awesome. Served me well during my time in the Mission.
Quesadilla Suiza.Thanks to this tasty creation, I think I have gained 5 pounds in two nights. Evilly delicious, it truly is the perfect late night indulgence. It's filled with sour cream, cheese, avocado and of course MEAT! How I lived this long thinking I was happy and complete without having this creation in my belly is beyond me, but now that we've met. Oh Daddy!
If you need a quick and easy Mission burrito fix, this is the place I'd recommend. Right by 24th and Mission BART, it's a jewel of deliciousness, grease, and flavor in the Mission's culinary repertoire.Get a super burrito. Just do it. Carne asada, carnitas, whatever. Get it when you're drunk. Wolf it down and experience a food coma like never before. Then get up and do it all over again.
I remember they provided chips at no extra cost before... but the last time I went to this El Farolito location was a couple years ago. But I have visited their other location recently and that one did provide chips... However, this visit to this El Farolito did not result in such chips, there was a sign stating chips were 50 cents.It is okay, I can't finish my food anyways, so chips or no chips really doesn't make a difference in the end. Just nice to get chips.I am saddened my stomach does not let me store as much food as it used to! I only ordered a regular veggie burrito today and still failed to finish! That is such a disgrace. I never used to settle for regular burritos, it was always about the super burrito. But regardless of how much I was able to eat, the burrito was delicious. The rice was cooked just right and the chucks of avocado makes everything even better. Perfection!The strawberry fresca, however, was way too sweet, I had to water it down myself a few times. But overall, it was still a good meal.
A San Francisco "destination" boasting juicy burritos and an oversized line that makes you wish for a drive-through. Thankfully I came just in time, when there wasn't a line (otherwise this would have been three stars). Try the chile relleo burrito. Decadent. Loads of sour cream and avocado which is something taquerias--including favorites like La Taqueria and Pancho Villa--skimp on.And of course, the hours and price range is incredibly competitive. Besides that "fourth-meal" 3am burrito, this taqueria is memorable even when I can go elsewhere.
I felt compelled to yelp this right away. The steak quesdilla here is no joke. It's huge and every bite is filled with massive meat, cheese and flavor. This was enough to feed two drunk girls all for the low price of $6.25? before tax. Why have I not eaten here before. I desperately wanted some thing morning. Long lines after bars let out. But that's not a problem, because interacting with crazy drunks in line makes time fly.
BESTBURRITOEVER.i can't stop thinking about the super chicken burrito I ate two weeks ago.
great steak burrito, but the bistec quesadilla is where it's at. went here once during the middle of the day and they made me wait for awhile even though the line wasn't long... definitely better to go late. all the times i've been here late the service was fast and i always make a few friends waiting on line. but overall, gotta say the place is a bit overrated -- there are much better burritos all over the city.
Ate there on Saturday and couldn't wait!My girlfriend and I ordered a carne asada torta and grilled chicken burrito and flan for dessert. There were about 10 orders before ours and all the tables were pretty much booked but we we able to find a little table in the rear. Our food was brought out within ten minutes or less; might have even a few minutes but I was hungry and earge to bite into something YUMMY! The torta was brought and OMG my mouth started immediately watering up (even now thinking about it, it is!) The torata is about 3 x 6 and packed about 3 inches high. The torta has the prefect amount of sour cream, avocado, meat, cheese and all the other goodies. The bread was perfectly toasted and served warm.  My girlfriend and I split the sandwich so we only had half each.. but, we still had the chicken burrito. The grilled chicken burrito comes with all the reg stuff, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream ext. The burrito was no where near as good as the torta (carne asada far tastier) The burrito was huge... even splitting it we had about three-four inches each.... The were two times that I bit into the chicken and it still had rib fat (YUCK) but all else was good and didn't doc any points.. I will be going back.....but not during prime time (2-4 am) after all the bars close... hahahahahThe flan is pretty good; but pretty sure they bring it in for elsewhere.
Sometimes you just need that 'fill the belly, fat content be damned, just thinkin' of it makin' my mouth water' fix. For me that addiction is the quesadilla super suiza con camarones y bistek at El Farolita, beside the 24th St. BART station. A traditional "3am hangover preventative" stop for the masses exiting the Mission bars on the weekend, El Farolito is never gonna win any beauty contests, but, oh, that super suiza!Huge grilled prawns, juicy carne asada, and enough cheese, sour cream, and guacamole to give Calista Flockhart a Homer Simpson belly. Enough for two to share. Yummmmm.
A friend (who I consider to have good burrito taste buds) dropped El Farolito as one of her top pics in the city. I needed to try the spot for myself, so after much hesitation, I decided to give them a shot. It was OK. Honestly nothing great. I went with four friends and we all got different burritos. The only one of us who was semi satisfied got the Super Chorizo and was happy. My carne asada was dry, which is NOT a good thing. Everything was mediocre. It wasn't so bad I couldn't eat it, but it just wasnt' good.Sorry El Farolito, you don't get my vote.
The best meal we had in San Francisco. Hands down. I actually had a vegetarian enchiladas with mole sauce, it wasn't on the menu but the guy at the counter was happy to make it for me when I explained I don't eat meat. Wow, the best mole sauce I've ever had. My husband had a chicken asada burrito. He's still drooling over it. We don't get much good Mexican food on the east coast so maybe for some Californians I am going a bit overboard. But, we loved it and cannot wait to go back again.
the burritos here are good. I have had the asada burrito with black beans. I would have gave 5 stars but they only take cash, no credit or debit. Also despite all the reviews I have found much better burritos elsewhere. Check my other reviews to find out where. The burriito was good. It was not great but it was good. Its worth eating here
Second visit here and still OK.This time I had carnitas torta and friend of mine cesadilla al pastor.Generous portions , fresh and tasty.Couple little problems thou - line was practically not moving and it took 25 min to serve 6 customers and my torta was on the ordinary french bread - I'm used to nice fresh bolillos.
Order the torta Mexicana with carne asada. You will not be disappointed. still 5 stars. Wash it down with Horchata.
One of the best taquerias in SF! Amazing super burritos!
Awesome burrito. TOTALLY worth getting knifed for.
Must get the steak & shrimp burrito!
FAVORITE TAQUERIA! beats the other farolitos in the bay area. actually, beats all taquerias!it's open late, right off bart, decent prices, good food, and you can always expect an interesting crowd. last time i was there, a couple of rowdy adults were standing on the table trying to hit the fan. get the quesadilla! so big and so good. i'm usually a burrito person but their quesadilla won me over. and salsa is so good, too!
The carne asada super burrito is amazing. The portion size is enormous, the burrito is well made, and the price is reasonable.
What to do when you know Fernando: -Peek the line wrapped out the door down Mission..-Point and laugh at them as you walk by. -Stop, because your buddy is telling you to get in line...hah-Head to Fernando, order up a super suiza and chips and then turn around and laugh at everyone waiting in line. -Gracias, Fernando! El Farolito is the spot for late night munchies and after bars/clubs sobering agents What to do if you do not know Fernando:-Say: "damn this line is F*cK** long...-Wait in line and just hope that someone comes along soon so that your not the last person in line...*cuz that does feel weird...-Wait some more as people like me walk right on by.-Mutter something under your breath, but dont have the nerve to say anything. -Get a bomb super suiza in the end. Either method works and to be quite honest, is well worth it.
Don't let the Three-Stars fool you, this place is great, but here's the thing: Goddamnit if I don't regret coming here late on any night, especially weekends! The line is ridiculous, the other patrons are wasted, the juke box is super loud, they are cash only (and I almost always forget to grab cash down the street), and the bathroom is disgusting. However, all of that said, the food is great, the price is reasonable, and the painting of kebab meat is amazing. Plus, 1100+ people have reviewed this place. My three stars aren't going to kill their rating, and I'm sure there are still many more late nights ahead of me getting burritos from this establishment...
I want to give this place a 5 star review so badly. They have a nice, wide range of mexican beers to choose from... delicious chips and a salsa bar with several types to sample, and I ordered a super burrito with grilled chicken that was probably the best burrito I ever had. The tortilla is grilled in butter on both sides... avocado, sour cream, moist delicious chicken and salsa. However, watching a guy noisily consume his burrito then proceed to shoot up in the booth right across from us almost ruined it for me. Maybe the staff should be a bit more attentive to their diners...
Certainly not the best and actually have had better. Maybe it was my selection but really a disappointment. Sour cream overwhelmed the burrito and had a very unpleasant taste. I appreciated that they used fresh avocados and had great prices and large servings. But won't be going back for a second try. The restaurant was funky and not the cleanest. The guys preparing the food were pleasant and efficient but this was a letdown from what I expected.
The only real complaint about the City that comes to mind is that there are not many food options later in the evening. Anything past 10 PM is mostly crappy diner-type food that cost WAY too much. Then there is El Farolito! When you want a substantial burrito that is fairly priced but tastes REALLY good, you might consider El Farolito. The only one drawback to such a tasty and cheep place to eat is that certain times of the day are very busy. Though the staff is quick on busy days, you might be waiting in line for your food but I assure you, it is worth the wait.
There are a lot of reviews for this place so I'll keep it short. Here are the homeruns:Carne Asada/Al Pastor Super Burrito/Quesadilla Suiza/Torta/NachosThey also have Beef Brain (cesos)!
Yes, because what Yelp needs is another review of El Farolito.Well, it seems like the other reviews are written by hipsters, so I might as well perpetuate the bridge-and-tunnel stereotype with my own review.They charge for chips. THEY CHARGE FOR CHIPS. And -- and! They just come out of a giant Costco bag.Everything else is fine, but you already know that. Best burrito in town, blah, blah, blah. It is worth watching them make the burritos because it's fascinating in their efficiency. And they are open late, so you can almost always get off the 14 Mission, pick one up, and grab the next one.I've been going here for nine years. The only thing has changed is the price. And of course, charging for the chips. Free. Then 50 cents. I don't even know what it is now. I used to take it out of their tip. Now I just don't go there if I want chips.But the food, burrito or otherwise? Best in town.But the chips! Why?
As much as the Mission/SF tries, they can't really duplicate the same taste of the Mexican food from southern California. El Farolito is probably the closest thing I have had since moving back to nor cal. I shared some carne asada nachos and had an al pastor torta as well. One of those things gave me the bubble guts the next morning, but it was well worth it. Seating is pretty tight in there, and its not the most glamorous place to eat. I would probably take my order to go next time.
omG!i had been here once a long time ago, after my boss graciously brought me a super quesadilla suiza and i had ravenously attacked it at the ice cream store (i used to work at Polly Ann. WHAT!). however, when i had gone, it wasn't as good and i had written el farolito off. maybe it was because i wasn't as hungry or the spark had sizzled. fortunately for me, and el farolito, i revisited the taqueria after a long night of volunteering with some friends and a particularly bAtchy volunteer who thought she was the boss of everything and everyone. i ordered the super quesadilla suiza, and b/c i've been on an offal kick and had the guts *giggle*, i ordered it with lengua and tripas. while my order did take quite long, IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH THE WAIT! the crispy tortilla plus the griddled-to-awesomeness tongue and intestines, along with the avocado, sour cream, pico de gallo, and cheese, cheese, and more cheese, i was in foodie heaven. the quesadilla was really satisfying and i couldn't even finish the entire thing. it was the best way to lift me back up after an awful day of work and being bossed around by someone who didn't have the right to.i'm SO coming back for more. gonna try the cabeza next time. the tripas are a little greasy for me. so maybe lengua and cabeza quesadilla? and an agua fresca to boot.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
El Farolito, you will always have a place in my heart. Oh, how you remind me of high school and late night drives at 1am trying to find cheap, greasy, artery-clogging food. Even though I am an old fogey now and can't hang with the young'ns anymore, and even amidst the slew of newer, cleaner, and snazzier Mexican establishments, you are still my first taqueria love. Carne asada super burrito, quesadilla suiza, super nachos, tacos, I don't care. I want it all, with a liter of green sauce on the side please!
Need a burrito late at night? If so this is your spot...  69% posted health department report card but the food has never made me sick and I've been eating at this s**t hole over 20 years!Bring cash and be ready to order before you get to the cashier so you don't piss off the other 20 drunks behind you!
Coming here for the "Best Burrito in SF" we were bitterly disappointed. The Farolito burrito was not very meaty - a lot of rice and beans - and not very flavorful. The little meat it had was actually pretty dry and overcooked.We sure hope there are better burritos in the city or I would be very, very sad...or driving to Santa Cruz more often - Taquera Santa Cruz has the best burrito I've had so far!
Best burrito spot in SF!! Price is amazingly affordable and for the money you get a meat savory, cheese melting, huge burrito so long that it challenges footlong subs from subway. I only wish there were more locations in SF, preferably within the avenues.
Thank you 7x 7 for saying this place in #1 IN SF!!!love this place, good food, cheap, entertaining busy environment, nice employees, cute cozy - be READY its a tight squeeze! Veggie burrito was ok, chips were good! I want to go back and get a quesadilla, my friend did and it looked better. Nothing like a beer and burrito in the mission. Check El Farolito Out! -jf
Great value, huge portions. The crowd is a little sketchy even mid-day on a friday. Also NOT diet-friendly.
Just went there with a friend for dinner today. This place has to be one of the top 3 burrito places in SF. The only other place to match El Farolito is Taqueria Cancum so far. Price is extremely cheap for its super burrito, and the taste, especially first bite, sends you to heaven instantly. I would recommend this place to anyone who has a passion for burrito.
This taqueria regularly rates among the best in the City. I just recently had the chance to try it for the first time. While decent, it wasn't an orgasmic or life-changing experience for me as others have suggested.My chicken tacos were excellent, but my carne asada burrito was just OK. Beef used was low to mid-grade quality at best and was pretty chewy. The chips were more like the bagged variety and did not taste fresh. I think I'll try the Al Pastor next time. The prices are decent for S.F. and the salsa counter was fine. They're also open very late, so this is a plus. I guess any food tastes good when you're drunk at 3AM.
There is a reason why this place has even a line after 2 am in the morning. It is the best overall Burrito Restaurant. When I get hungry the first things i think of are Innout or El Farolito. El Farolito will bring that authentic grease, fillingness, and keep your wallet big enough for another round of El Farolito the very next day. If you want to go for a burrito you cant really go wrong. Also if you want to be satisfied to the fullest the Quesadilla Suiza cannot be tampered with.
Sure... why not? I'll be review #926. Someone has to be, right? :)I had tacos today... delicious, carne asada soft tacos, packed with too much beef, cilantro, and onions. They were divine. The food here is cheap. $1.95 for a taco in SF is pretty damn inexpensive. It ain't $1.10 like it is as La Fondita #2, but I will take into account that there was way more meat in these tacos than #2. You stil with me?Good. I will continue...Their green salsa is the best I've ever had. Add in that they've got jalepenos and pickled carrots = EPIC WIN.I will be visiting El Farolito at least three more times this week before I leave for Seattle on Friday. Hell, I might be there another three times by tomorrow afternoon if I play my cards right.
I just don't get why my friends, who don't live in the mission, keep saying that el farolito is good. I have never had a good burrito hear. If you like bland rice, and a lot of cheese and not much else, this is the place for you!! I know everyone is wasted when they come here, but this is SF, There are sooo many decent and or just plain good places for cheap, This is not one of them. If you want a very sub par burrito right by the bart, that is open til 3am, this is your place!!!!!
There is no better burrito. Damn you San Francisco, I live 636 miles to the north... Seriously, I have been ruined for any other burrito in or out of SFO by El Farolito. Lengua, al pastor, cabeza... all perfect. The gorgeous char on the pastor and extraordinary flavor left me speechless. Their salsas, both red and green, are literally the best I have ever had. I dream of their salsas. El Farolito, I love you.
*sigh*. I rue the day** that I have to go back to Toronto and go back to eating inferior, poorly wrapped, mis-grilled and sloppy burritos. The super veggie burrito that I enjoyed at El Farolito, moments after stepping off the BART, was ENORMOUS. Absolutely gargantuan. It was torso-sized - not unlike a log of Pillsbury cookie dough. The behemoth was expertly stuffed with quality rice, tomatoes, avocado (let me tell you, eating an avocado straight from the state it's grown in makes a huge difference to the wilted wannabes we sometimes endure in Toronto), beans and salsa. Then it was grilled and wrapped tighter than that final, angry, frustrated turn of an IKEA Allen key. I could barely finish it!**next Tuesday
Much bigger burritos than the competition with low reasonable prices.Try a burrito with la cabeza de vaca (cow head for you gringos) and wash it down with a Agua Fresca De Pina (pineapple). Their Torta Mexicana (Mexican sandwich with refried beans, avocado, tomato, cheese, and your choice of meat) is a welcome change from the typical burrito, taco, or tostada.If you are daring and adventurous, try the tripas (stomach).Some of you suburbanites find the area marginally sketchy, but I am a local.  Predators on the top of the food chain go and walk anywhere they want with confidence. I can recognize a tourist (turista) a mile away.
This place is legit. It has all the makings of a great taqueria: it's a hole in the wall place, next to a skeezy Mission Bar, the line is out the door, it's gritty, it has a great jukebox, it's open until 3am serving all the varieties of Mission drunks (hipsters, Marina kids who went "slumming" at the Mission clubs/bars, or really just the roof-top deck at Medjool and "discovered" this authentic gem of a place, Mission locals, the panhandlers who hang out at 24th St. BART and scrounged up enough money to buy a burrito...) and the food is delicious! The tacos de carne asada are great, the tostadas are big and cheap loaded up with refried beans, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, sour cream, the chile relleno burritos are spicy and flavorful, and the super carne asada quesadillas suizas and super nachos are fabulous, too.  I've taken my auntie (who moved to Fremont from So. Cal no too long ago) here. She loves the adobada and al pastor tacos. I'm not sure what she thought of the lengua (tongue) tacos.I worried that I had such a high opinion of the food here because I'd only ever frequented the place really drunk and late at night. Every weekend night after bar-close my best friend, Alice (who loved their shrimp burritos and quesadillas suizas), and I would inevitably tell our cabby to drop us off at El Farolito before heading home to Potrero. But, I've been there enough times sober now to know that it's just plain "muy bueno."
According to Spanishdict.com/translat, El Farolito means "The Little Light" whether this is a correct translation or not frankly I don't know. What I do know is this "Little Light" guided me to one of the best Taqueria spots in the Bay Area.When I first bit into my Carne Asada Super Burrito my face naturally began smiling. It was evident to me after the first bite that this was something major. With each following bite, my initial reaction was confirmed, this was truly a lavish gift from god. The fresh veggies, the tasty meat (no homo), the sour cream, the cheese, everything was perfect! Where as the Carne Asada Super Burrito was a lavish gift from god, their chips were a salty gift card from Satan. I began asking myself did I order chips or sodium chloride with a hint of fried tortilla?All in all I have yet to find a better Taqueria place El Farolito. The price, the taste, the atmosphere, it can't be matched. El Farolito, my little light to happiness.
Exactly what I was looking for! Your local burrito shop nothing fancy just good grub!!
Cheap, Fresh, authentic, and delicious.Classic SF burrito joint right here...good for late night eating too...
Excellent burrito. Never had one this good. The Carne Asada was amazing! I sampled the different kinds of salsa and guacamole, which were all amazing. Service was extremely friendly and the wait was not too long. Environment kinda shabby, but the food was authentic.
Our return home would not be complete without stopping by Farolito's for their most awesome tortas, carne or chicken held together by cheese, refried beans and generous avocado slices. While you wait, sip on some horchatas with lots of chips and mouth watering salsa. One bite leads to another and you will be setting that deal detector on Orbitz for your next flight back to the City.
What the...!?How in God's name this this place gets 4 1/2 star after 700+ reviews!? It's just amazing.We just had the lengua & cabeza taco and it was very mediocre. It was very plain, insipid and not well-spiced at all.My guess is the dominant reasons why this place gets such a high rating are it opens late, and it has good value-for-money. It was crowded even in at 2am Thursday night.Reading from the others' comments though, it seems that I should have tried the burrito or quesadilla instead of the taco; but still, they would have used the same meat that they use for the taco so no excuses here.If it's not late at night and you're looking for good tacos, go to the El Tonayense taco truck, trust me.
Super veggie all the way. Quiet possibly the best burrito in all of California, but I guess you don't need me to say that by looking at all the reviews. I'm a vegetarian and still freaking love this place. In fact, I think I'm going back tonight!
I literally JUST GOT BACK from this place for the first time after a gf of mine suggested it and took me here. We ordered the Carne Asada Super Burrito and it was AWESOME!!! The price is definitely affordable and the restaurant is small. When we first got there around 1145, the place was semi-crowded, steady flow of customers. THEN, by the time we left around 1230, HUGE LINE, everyone was there to eat the delicious food.My Carne Asada burrito was sooooo good. The meat was flavorful and plenty, there were big chunks of avocado, which i love, and everything seemed to come together perfectly, you dont even need to add much to it, i added some salsa and it just enhanced it even more! The green salsa was amazing as well. I'm so happy my friend took me here, because this is what mexican food is all about
the best place to eat really good mexican food with less than 5/7 dollars on own wallet.kitchen is available to see and they cook like crazy! very fast and huge rations.why people should go to another place?! that's just awesome.psnot suggested if you are following a diet!!!
What we had: regular burrito, one with pollo and other with al pastor, both were massive barely finished them.I loved the pork, it was really well marinated and for me had the right amount of spice, the four stars are for the pork. The chicken was O.K, we didn't get the guacamole, sour cream or cheese, maybe if you added all that it might taste better.I will be going back, next time I plan to try the tortas.
Now this is what I call authentic Mexican food. Everything here taste good. The burritos are outstanding
$10 out the door (cash only). A Jarritos glass soda pop hecho en mexico, a Super Nachos Carne Asada. Plenty of jalapenos, sliced avocado, tons of meat and cheese, dallops of sour cream. Totally piping hot. And weighing in at 3 lbs., gettin' some of that Mission sunshine. Grab a seat inside and if it's tight, grab a seat on the sidewalk or at the Mission BART station outdoor fixtures.
I've been here twice, and got the suiza both times! It was delicious and cheap, but remember to bring cash!remember to order guac and/or sour cream. or else!
I love burritos, and as a SoCal girl I've had my share of Mexican food in LA and San Diego. I had been told that these Mission-style burritos are unique and different from what I've ever had before in SoCal. So all this hype I had been hearing from my friends got me excited and eager to try the burritos here at El Farolito. I ordered the carne asada super burrito and that thing was MASSIVE. The contents of the burrito were like any other burrito I've had: beans, rice, salsa, avocado, sour cream, and carne asada. While the burrito was delicious and difficult to finish, I was a little disappointed that it didn't seem any different from any burrito I've had before. When I told my friends this, they said a multitude of things: (1) the tortillas are steamed rather than heated on a pan, (2) the ingredients are more fresh, or (3) the addition of the rice is what makes it uniquely Mission-style. *Shrug*. Like I said, I'm a burrito fan and I've tried them in many places. So while it was good here, I didn't find it spectacularly different from what I've had before although this will be my go-to place for burritos the next time I visit the city.
WoW!!! HOW MANY REVIEWS DOES THIS PLACE HAVE? Ok. I'll keep it short then. Around 2/3am and STARVING. Of course my girls are like "Where's some good drunken food in SF???" Usually after partying in LB or Brea we would end up at some Mexican food spot so it seemed only appropriate that we ended up here. It was open, BUSY AS HECK, cheap, and the food was good (especially after some alcohol). Sour cream, guacamole (mmmmm!!!!!), carne asada, rice, beans, and whatever else with some good salsa. Now that was some good drunken food. Of course it was a little sketchy and there was a security guy in front regulating the door but it was all good. Good times!!!!
Most everything about the Super Burrito was on par with other places. However, the fresh avocado really set it apart and got them the extra star. Good size burrito for a fair price. Service was ok, a little slower than what I expected but they were busy.
"They" say you can't go wrong with a burrito from the Mission, and "they" are right... this place particularly. Awesome and huge burritos! The burritos are the size of a small child, and they don't skimp on the well seasoned meat (even WHITE chicken) or avocado in them. I don't know how they make a dime on their burritos for the price. The restaurant itself is a total dive, but I think it adds to the experience. Well done, El Farolito!
ERRR MAHHH GERRRRD. Me and Andrizzle were looking for some late night munchies and this by far the most highly rated and most reviewed mexican place in the neighborhood that was still open. I read a few reviews and they were all talkin' bout how it might be the best burrito ever. Well let me just say that....not might....IT IS. We got the pastor super burrito to go and sampled each of the three available salsas. Patiently waited for our order while drooling over all the other orders being prepared. The green salsa had actual huge chunks of avocado in it and was creamy and delicious and perfect for pouring onto my burrito. The meat was succulent and had the signature barbeque taste that all pastor should have. BIGGEST BURRITO I'VE EVER HAD. (at least 8-9 inches long and 3-4 inches wide)BEST BURRITO I'VE EVER HAD. (and i've had some good mexican food living in SoCal my whole life)
A bit grimy on the inside - but the food is great. I think my favorite has to be the quesadilla suiza. My favorite go to spot in the Mission!
As a native Socal resident, I've always been a firm believer that Mexican food in Socal can't be topped. This place definitely gives Socal a run for its money. Open late (lots of drunkards), HUGE portions, decent prices (for SF), and just downright delicious food. I'm SO freakin' excited I finally found a Mexican joint that lives up to the hype. Beware, there's always a line but it's so worth the wait--especially if you're craving some good Mexican food.
Like a Small InfantWrapped in Aluminum FoilThe Real BurritoHoly Carne Asada! My first visit to El Farolito was after a night in the Mission and a friend made the suggestion. This, I am telling you, is the best mission style burrito you're going to eat - ever. If you are a fan of Chipotle's or Qdoba, this place will blow your socks off! Determined to find out if this was as good as I remembered or if it was just a drunken dream, I visited them for Lunch and was thrilled to have a repeat experience!
Mission st. burrito as it should be...
EF has been a Mission staple for after bars Mexican as far as I can remember. I'm never disappointed by any of the burritos. Although i won't order their Carnitas, it's just plain dry and tasteless. I normally go with the chicken.Is there better in SF? Of course!!! But if you're in the Mission and you want a decent sized burrito/taco for a decent price, then this is your next stop after the Bars close.People, the Mission is filled with dingy hole in the walls. Having said that, i have never seen a roach or gotten food poisoning from EF EVER! If you're the type that just can't appreciate food while in a dingy environment, then EF isn't for you.
I have to admit, location location location, when you have a decent restaurant and you put it in the right spot, BAM, it's a success.We had a few things that were good, I can't say it was "the best" or anything because to be honest it was like many of the other mexican restaurants in the area. I think people here have been a bit jaded by all the other positive reviews.We got 5 different things. The Super Burrito, the soft taco, regular taco, quesadilla and tostada.Both the tacos were really solid. Quesadilla was not as flavorful as the others, and the Tostada while it was good, it was really messy to eat.Out of all the meats, the chorizo had the most flavor out of the carne asada, the carnitachips are additional (unlike other restaurants where they were free)I liked this place, and it was solid, but there are other mexican restaurants just as good.FYI, Cash Only
I am super duper picky when it comes to Mexican food as I eat it everyday at home. Well...let me just say this place is friggin' tasty. After driving from Stockton, to catch the BART in Dublin for the Dia De Los Muertos festivities I was starving. I shared the best Super Nachos with carne asada, and a Super Quesadilla Suiza with carnitas. It was so satisfying my a$$ fell asleep on the BART ride home.  The food was fresh and the prices were cool. Mmmmm, mmmm, mmmm good.
Unlimited access to their salsa verde = DELICIOUS BREAKFASTS for a week!I'm a hoarder and when I saw that it was a "help yourself, use your own moral compass to limit yourself" salsa bar, I quickly gathered up 10 little holders of their magical salsa verde. While I use up about 1 container per taco/ 3 per burrito, I use up the rest as the best condiment in the w0rld for my breakfast eggs. Basically I like to eat their salsa and use their tacos as a vehicle for mass salsa consumption.The homemade corn tortillas are something I never tasted when I was in NYC - the home of mexi-cant food but only remembered as the "silver lining" of dysentery from cancun. I love everything from this place and there's a reason over 1000 yelpers are addicted: It's cheap and MAGICALLY delicious. I'm so addicted that I've gone 2 in a period of a week.
Here's the thing: everyone already knows (and loves) el farolito's burritos. their aguas frescas. their green salsa. their low health inspection score. It even serves as after-hours club, since its the most popular place in the area by around 3 AM. I've actually eaten them sober and for dinner, as well as at 3 AM, but what I'd never done (until right now) was eat half the burrito at night and then the save the second half in the fridge for breakfast/lunch the following day. To sum up: GREASE. buckets of it. Soaking through the paper. Tubs and tubs of lard covering my hands, clothes, microwave, keyboard, house. I ended up not being able to finish my half a burrito (and this is coming from someone who used to inhale the entire thing in under 5 minutes, followed by a slice of mission pie)So yeah, best consumed all in one sitting, even though you might start to resemble a vat of lard shortly afterward.Still, the fact remains that it's the best f'ing burrito i've ever had, so how can I give it anything less than 5 stars?
Go when you are drunk, wait in line, get the super quesadilla suiza "heart stopper", eat half of it, take the rest home, wake up in the morning, heat it up (do NOT eat it or look at it while it'd cold), eat that.kthxbai.
It's 11:30pm and we panic in unison. "Shucks. We haven't eaten dinner." Tonight's choice was El Farolito. As soon as hubby had my burrito in hand, I was warned. "That burrito is better than Pancho Villa. You watch."To which, I responded: "That's going to be very difficult. There's no one better than Pancho Villa!"He hands me the goods and suddenly, I'm carrying a 10 lb. bag.We get home, each unraveling the 5 lb. Super Steak Burritos. Absolutely solid in weight, taste and ingredients. I bow to my sensei. Must say it's a new favorite and late-night hours are great. Highly recommended. Worth the trip if you've never had a real burrito.
This place was pretty freaking good. It's right off the 24th and Mission bart, which is surprisingly infinitely nicer than the 16th and Mission bart. I got 3 tacos (a mixture of carne asada and al pastor) and a carne asada super burrito. The tacos were pretty meaty and worth the 2.50+ price tag. The burrito, though small, was very filling. The thing that sets el Farolito apart is the quality of the meat. The carne asada here is heads above el taurino (LA institution). The seating wasn't too plentiful but me and the gf were able to find a seat quickly. The green guacamole salsa was SO good and hot. Now go and experience all the goodness that is El Farolito
Almost had to drop 'em from 5 to 4 stars cause of how unkempt this place can be... During busy hours there tend to be food particles & crumbs EVERYWHERE! (.. Not the cleanest environment).That aside, I have two words for you: .SHRIMP. BURRITOS. :sigh: Pure heavenly bliss (big fat amazingly delicious *PERFECTLY SEASONED/GRILLED* prawns in a veggie burrito, basically). And at a price that won't break the bank either --- $6.80!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, their green guacamole chili sauce is BOMB good, too- the best that I've tried in the Mission so don't forget to pour a lot of it on your shrimp burrito!!!!!!!!!! - I love this place especiaaaaaally for the aforementioned food item & ALWAYS get the same thing every time being as it never gets old!!!!!!!!Gosh, my mouth is in heaven just imagining 'em. :siiiiigh:Also, it's pretty cool because even though this place always LOOKS packed, there's always a free booth for you to slide into and dig into your yummy grub!GO THERE. NOW!(They're probably open despite the time!)P.S. All their other menu items are delish as well! MmMmMmMmMmMm!
It's official. In two weeks, I'm moving out of my San Francisco pad and back to DC. My mission (should I choose to accept it): do/eat everything unique to SF before I leave.#1 Revel in the perfection that is the Mission BurritoOh, El Farolito... why can't you move to DC with me? I could eat here every day of the countdown and still not be satisfied. This is the quintessential Mission taqueria. It's everything you could want and more. The burritos, quesadillas, and even salsas are fantastic! The fact that they don't take credit cards only makes them more authentic.People who complain about El Farolito are spoiled. Move to DC and I'll show you something to whine about.
This place is the bomb. Best Mexican food in the Mission. Their soft tacos were a little hard to eat (I had to use a fork and knife) but they were delicious. The fried tacos are incredible.
I've been coming here ever since moving to SF a few years ago and this place rarely disappoints. I usually go with the carne asada super burrito; great taste, ingredient distribution, and consistency for like 6.60, plus it's large enough to feed a family of four. The suizas are also pretty legit for snackin, the suiza para dos ($10) is a great value when you're splitting with a friend or feel like going bigtime. The tomatillo sauce is pretty delicious. This place also has some great hours of operation, great for those midnight munchies. Go before noon or later on weekday nights to avoid large crowds, weekend nights are nightmares and I've had them miss an order on one of those busy nights.
so i have been here twice and OMG i need to come back!!! having grown up in LA and currently going to school at UC Berkeley, i need my fix of good mexican food. Twice i have ordered the Super shrimp and meat burrito. you can choose any meat you want to pair up with the shrimpy goodness. Ive choosen al pastor and the burrito is simply heavenly!!! it comes with rice, beans, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and avocado. The burrito is $9 but it can def. be shared with someone so go ahead and split the cost! save some money and make your tummy proud!!! :)
This place is fantastic.Amazingly good quesadilla suiza.Amazing good carne asada burritos.And it's cheap!Woooo, i loves me some yummy food.
Hands down my favorite Taqueria. Used to live around the corner for a year and go there as often as I make it to the area.I always always order chorizo tacos. They are the best. Tons of meat, onions, lots of cilantro. Super simple, super greasy and delicious.I have also had the burritos, quesadillas, boiled chicken, grilled chicken, carne asada... probably everything. Have to say it's all good, but the chorizo is where it's at!Staff is super fast and always friendly as well.
Amazing. Amazing prices, amazing food. I highly recommend the super burrito, it has everything you could possibly ask for. The fact that they have an avocado-based salsa that is for free speaks a lot to the taqueria. It's also one of the best sauces I've ever had and highly recommend it.Also, easily accessible from the 24th and Mission BART station.
I live behind El Farolito. I am very lucky.Over the years, I've eaten here a lot, both sober and otherwise. There was a stretch where I ate here five out of seven days a week. It has stayed consistently great. Also, I've never gotten sick eating here (knocks on wood).Everything here is above average, but for me, El Farolito is about carne asada. You can debate the form in which to ingest (taco, burrito, quesadilla), but this is the best carne asada in the Mission. I've been to every taqueria within a six block radius, and El Farolito is king. When possible, I used the "Pepsi challenge" method of comparison: buy a carne asada burrito from El Farolito and from another place, eat side by side. If you think La Taqueria is better, just use this method--you will convert.When I'm feeling a little slow in the morning, the smell of El Farolito grilled beef wafting down the block makes me almost glad to be going to work.
I do not like Mexican food. I repeat I do not like mexican food. So the fact that I always want to go here speaks volumes. The shrimp burritos are amazing. And they are open late!!! What more can you ask for.
This place was cracking on a Friday night! It's very popular. The restaurant employees and food were great, but I have a problem with the security guard. His name tag read "Infidel." I ordered my food and sat down in a booth. When I pulled my phone out of my pocket, I dropped $22 on the ground under my bench. As I sat there, I barely noticed the security guard walk behind me and use a broom to get the money out from under me. He walked away as I realized what happened. I followed him and confronted him about it. He said there was no way for me to prove it, but I knew the exact amount. We argued for a while. He ran away from me into the bar next door. I followed him and proceeded to flip out at the bartenders (sorry ladies!) and talk half in my shitty spanish. He finally gave me my money back after I threatened to call the police. He told me to never come back. Not happening though, because that burrito was awesome! To the establishment owners - you have an amazing restaurant and staff. Don't let this dishonest man ruin it.
This place isn't just a taqueria, it is an institution (and judging by the 1034+ reviews this is not a arguable point I'm making here).The food is everything good taqueria food should be: spicy, flavorful, inexpensive and available at 1AM.Highly recommend this after a night out at clubs and bars. Just don't be a belligerent drunk and ask me if you can cut in line or I'll cut YOU! (The line moves super fast anyway :)
Super Quesadilla for the WIN!I knew there was a reason why we waited 10 min in line at 3am to get food this past Friday.By the way, this El Farolito only takes cash.
OK, this place has one of the best tacos, burritos, quesadilla Suizas, etc. Was there this past Sunday and this was like my 9th time there, I try to go there when I'm in San Francisco. I have 4 Carne Asada Tacos which were very tasty, my wife had the Quesadilla Suiza and was also very tasty. Everything was fine until I saw 2 Cockroaches just walking around the floor and one in the wall. I ignore just because of the simple fact that I never seen that there. But made me a little disgusted.
The reviews for this place has been artificially inflated by out-of-town visitors. Yes it is a perfectly decent burrito, but it's far from the best that San Francisco has to offer.
Al pastor super suiza! Just imagine a nuclear bomb of flavor exploding in your mouth. Super burrito is just okay. Too much rice and kinda dry.
Pretty good burrito, but I'm not sure that it's better than any of the neighboring burrito joints like El Metate.  I like that it's open late at night.
The baddest quesadilla i've every had in my life.This place is so authentic, only one person in the entire restaurant uderstands & speaks English, The Cashier.The chicken quesadilla was filled with, like 2lbs of melted cheese. & super cheap.It was amazing. They make them right in front of you so you know there is no "special" topping going in your food.
So after visiting a string of average to not so average taquerias on my quest, I decided to hit up my favorite spot to remind myself why I love burritos. And I have to say, El Farolito came correct. I was so hungry yesterday that I ordered, a super al pastor burrito, carnitas taco and a strawberry agua fresca. The total just under $10 which is pretty cheap if you ask me. My burrito was hot and the cheese was melted. It is a simple thing but it seems to elude most taquerias. And the rice and al pastor were delicious.Room for improvement:Little dissapointed in the carnitasMeat to rice ratio was a little out of proportion on this visist.Their chips suck and cost $.50. Most places wouldn't even serve these let alone charge for them.
Hands down the best burrito place ever.FYI, Mexican food is my favorite food. I am also a fan of taquerias, and this is the best one I have ever been too. Before going to El Farolito, I thought La Vics in San Jose was the best. La Vics has that orange sauce that can make even tree bark taste good. Then one night, my friends took me to El Farolito, and it knocked my socks off. The line was crazy, but it was worth it. Best mexican food I have ever had. PERIOD. The service is ehhh, so if you're uppity about your service don't come here. But if all you care about is the quality of you mexican food, then you need to try it ASAP.
Positive yelp reviews + a late night taco craving in the Mission = El Farrolito! And, past midnight there's street parking galore.Easily killed a CRUNCHY AL PASTOR TACO and a SOFT POLLO TACO at 1am. Tried nearly everything from the salsa bar and satisfied my moderately spicy tongue.Came with a group of 8 right before a big rush of people around 1:30 and decided not to go for a Round 2 b/c the lines were flowing out the door and it was too cold of a wait.Also got major food envy after seeing someone at the neighboring table with a SUPER QUESADILLA SUIZA... would've too much for me to handle past midnight though, so I plan to return to EF during a dinner-ish hour to fulfill my new food dream!
In a city that (for whatever reason) constantly produces crappy taquerias (gordo, etc.), El Farolito shines as one of the best. Carne Asada is the ultimate however, not a fan of the carnitas or the chicken. As you have probably seen in other posts, the chips arent the best and neither is the salsa. This place is also a nightmare late night with all the drunk people. All that said, a Carne Asada burrito (monstrous) for 5.99 cannot be beat in the city and THAT will keep me coming back (just not after 11 pm)
Lauryn Hill best describes the feeling that follows the veggie burrito consumption/digestion: "When it hurts so bad, why does it feel so good?...What you want might make you cry, what you need might pass you by, if you don't [get a burrito from el farolito]"One suggestion is get post-night out rather than before a night out because you will be disgustingly full. but it's totally worth it. the avocado, the ingredient heterogeneity, etc. feeling nauseous via el farolito burrito is truly an honor.
The beef (tongue?) quesadilla was super good. The nachos were good but it just had too much meat and other things that made the chips soggy. I found the chicken and carne asada tacos to just be whatev. Overall, we just ordered way too many things with too much meat in one seating. But I think I would definitely come back. Also it's so cheap I can't say no, honestly.
Can't. Breathe.I ordered the Super Burrito and can I just say that it legit weighed like 2 pounds? I could barely get past half of it before feeling full. The burrito was absolutely mouth watering delicious though. The carne asada meat is juicy with flavor and has the flame broiled taste to it and the rice and beans and everything was just the cherry on top. What's even better is that this massive burrito was only $5.75. Such a fulfilling meal (well, technically two meals considering I have to eat it in 2 sittings)My friends had the quesadilla suiza and the tacos and they were all equally yummy. Yay! I'm a fan!
Strolled around the mission district, sampling food here and there, saw this place was highly rated and decided to try some food. Hubby had the oft taco el pastor, which was melt in your mouth good. Very nicely seasoned meat, fresh tortilla. I had the ceviche tostada with shrimp, and that was superb. Very fresh shrimp, don't think it was raw as it should've been, but still yummy. The taste of lime and whatever lse thy garnished it with was an explosion of flavor in my mouth. We loved all the choices of fresh salsa, and I especially enjoyed the whole jalapeo peppers. Very spicy and vinegary. Went very well with my ceviche, even though my entire mouth was on fire. It's just so addicting. Would certainly be back.
The food at El Fart-lito was just okay. I wouldn't go back, and now that I've just eaten there I wonder if I will wake up tomorrow with food poisoning. What can I say, I was hungry & desperate to find late night food.You will probably like this place if:*You like standing in a long line that smells like a port-a-potty, barf and weed.*If you like "people" watching... (skanks, tweakers, pendejos, hipster doofuses, Mission scumbags)*Haven't had a shower or washed your clothes in about a month and think it's chic.*Enjoy paying for food by the pound. I had a 6 lb. quesadilla, 6 bucks.*Like to watch your food being manhandled & praying that the guy making it washed his hands after he went to the bao.I'd write more but I have to go find some TUMS. Burrrp.
More Like El Farto-litoI had the carne asada super b and first bite was a big inedible grissley thing that I spat out and could not recognize...Ewwww, ewwwwwwwww, EEEEEWWWWWW!!!I looked at it this morning and still couldn't figure out what part of the vaca it came from... maybe the hoof? The noise it made going down the garbage disposal woke up my neighbors this morningOn a positive note: 50cent chips and the little salsa bar, the green stuff was excellent, 10 times more addictive than marijuana! (and better than Pancho's)
This burrito is the TRUTH.I rate this one 5 stars because I don't think I've had a burrito just as good. Their whatever ingredients are used at the right proportions, the tortilla has that faint crisp on the outside (which I have never seen before since I'm used to them steamed), plus it's INSANELY huge and STILL cheaper than Chipotle. I enjoyed every bite I took...this is a burrito where I didn't need to add any hot sauce or salsa, which is usually a requirement for me. Everything just tasted good.I also had an agua fresca for the first time, something that I've never seen offered in any Mexican place I've been to. I've been looking for a drink like that for a very long time - fresh, cold, and just the right amount of sweetness.The first thing I looked up when I came home was a Mission-style burrito in NYC. The closest thing is Dos Toros, which is really good, but unfortunately just not the same. So I will make it a point to head to the Mission and get my Super Burrito with Chorizo and a strawberry agua fresca every time I visit. Thank you, San Francisco.
This could be the reason I leave the east coast and become a permanent resident, hopefully in mission, and ideally next door to el farolito. Weeks after having a monster beef tongue quesadilla platter for two (which, really should be monster quesadilla platter for two starving men, or a small family..) I'm still thinking about it. and more importantly, drooling over it. If i could control my dreams, it would be all that I'm dreaming about. I almost never admit this, but sometimes, the west coast is the better coast - el farolito, an unassuming, unpretentious little joint produces incredibly fresh and tasty mexican food that makes most mexican joints in ny bow their heads in shame.
Had El Farolito years ago and never worshipped it the way others did. But but but... I finally went back late night when I was in the area (sober). The al pastor was so moist and fatty with smoky bbq flavor - the best I've ever had. Carne asada was standard as I remember. The al pastor has ruined all other Mexican for me for the moment.
El Farolito is my go to place for dependable late night Mexican food. One could say that its my Mexican food equivalent of a booty call. It isn't the cleanest looking place you will walk into but that just means it has character. The carne asada nachos are the best I have had anywhere. The crowds can build up during the weekends but it is well worth the wait. This place being my dirty little secret, yes I will always come back.
This may not be the fanciest or cleanest place, but after a good bout of drinking, there is no other place I'd rather end up. BURRITOS AS BIG AS INFANTS. For only $6! The green sauce is like liquid crack, and perfect for your infant-sized burrito. I can't tell you how many times El Farolito has saved my life after everything else was closed at night.
Sorry, I was disappointed.I got the super burrito with carne asada for lunch. It was good and definitely satisfied my burrito craving, but the meat was far too salty for my liking, and every single bite was oversaturated with sour cream. I did like the avocado and the rice, perhaps I should have ordered something different.It's unlikely I'll go out of my way to come back during the day, but I will add this to my mental list of late-night eats as I can see myself destroying one of these burritos after a night out. Also, if you're female, don't accidentally bust your way into the El Farolito Bar next door like I did, unless you want some creepers hollering and following you around afterward.
Seriously delicious burritos (the al pastor is amazing!). Had to take off one star for cleanliness and difficulty finding parking.
Mary gave birth to Jesus, and El Farolito gave birth to burritos. Both were God's greatest gifts. But today, I am going to sing the praises of the latter--burritos. Burritos filled to the brim with saturated goodness, burritos that rival the weight of a newborn. Sweet savory goodness-- I swear as long as I live, I will never worship another burrito the way I devote my heart to the ones they make here.
It's cheaper than my go to place in the South Bay (La Bamba) and just as good for most things. Portions are huge and even their platters are pretty respectable (though I still prefer Fiesta del Mar in Mountain View for big dinner type platter things.) I got Camarones a la Diabla and my friends got Super Burritos. Warning: do not try to fit 5 people at one of their booths, you will be sorry (or sore.) Chips are 50c and the salsas have a good kick. Lines form around 8PM as they really cater to the late night crowd. Overall a great place that I'll come back to again.
Farolito.... *sigh*So many memories...When I was a wee lass, just a broke undergrad studying Spanish at City College in 1993, I came here almost every day after class. I got beans, rice, lettuce, and tortillas for $1.50. On a rainy Valentine's day with the boyfriend, we smoked a joint and came here and got super burritos as a treat. And yeah, it was AWESOME. As it always has been, for the last 15+ years. The boyfriend, meh. As many were for the last 15+ years. If your bf likes nachos, by the way, make him order separately from you. It takes way longer than a burrito. It's not worth waiting.The workers were always so nice to me and my classmates. They actually encouraged us to practice our Spanish with them. It was here where I learned how to say "I feel fat" instead of "I am fat." Because you may feel like you are about to explode after a burrito here - they don't skimp - but the next day, you'll be OK. You know, I wish they hadn't moved the painting of the meat on the spit. It used to be visible from the door and most of the seats. I've reflected on it many an hour. Ah well.The fruit drinks are good too.
I'm used to LA and San Diego Mexican food so it's unfair to compare El Farolito and any SF Mexican place to them but I have no choice. My opinion is that Northern California Mexican food is just not as fantastic as its Southern counterpart. It just simply isn't. I had a carne asada super burrito at El Farolito and it was a solid, filling and delicious meal. But but but it just wasn't all THERE. The carne asada was just not as excellent as I've had it at my favorite taco truck in LA but I suppose it will have to do to fill my Mexican food needs until I return to Southern California.
Tacos: HugeCarne Asada: AwesomeAl Pastor: AwesomeHorchata: AwesomeGo here for mexican food. Forget everything else.
Seriously? I didn't think this place was going to be worth the hype, but it was lovely....First, I got 2 chicken tacos for $4.72, so I was not expecting the flavor punching that I got when I took my first bite of the grilled chicken on top of 2 soft corn tortillas. I was so pleasantly surprised, I kept telling my friend how yummy it was, like 3 times in a row. The salsa and cilantro just rounded out the flavors in this taco. I ate both of them immediately, and mind you, they weren't small like I expected either.The owner/manager/server was super gracious. Something about him and his staff were super friendly and super gentlemanly. It was a nice lunch. The only unfortunate thing was it smelled like dried piss near the front of the entrance because the doors were open and the odor was wafting in from outside.....
The one star is for the food compared to the hype.Now, if you are from the east bay, you should never EVER go to the mission just for a burrito over here. The only reason it is so popular is that it is open till 3:AM. I am sure all the late-night partiers and people with munchies enjoy this locale.I mean compared to the east bay? uhhh why even bother? The portions are nothing to brag about. You have to be a total fat ass to consider extra portions compared to taquerias in Oakland and Berkeley.I don't know? Was there something magnificent about the grilled meats? Perhaps the sour cream? Their rice. No. So how this could be anyone's favorite burrito place eludes me.
When in need of late night Mexican food, you can always count on El Farolito in the Mission being open. The food here is fresh and quite tasty and I absolutely love the Suiza Camorones (Grilled Shrimp, Salsa, Avocado, and Cheese) wrapped inside a toasty tortilla. It's like a quesadilla on steroids and when you bite into it, its like heaven in your mouth! Especially if you're 8 beers and 4 tequila shots deep!The line can look intimidating at times, but trust me, stick with it. The line moves quickly and once you order your food, it is ready in less than 10 minutes!
Heaven on Earth?? Quite possibly!! Although I haven't tried any of their more exotic meats (cow head, cow brain), the basics do just fine for me. The super suiza is the best quesadilla in the city. The mixture of meat, cheese, avocado, sour cream is just awesome. The super carne asada burrito is bombtastic as well. To top it off, this place just doesn't give u packaged quacamole, its actual slices of avocado!!! You can get a super burrito and a super suiza for a moderate 11 bucks! Can't go wrong with that!! I highly recommend this place to satisfy your mexican cravings, as well as a late night, after bar snack. I dream of this place in my sleep. *nom nom*
I've ordered the quesadilla and veggie burrito. Don't remember anything special about it, sorry.However, Farolito does gets plus points for being so close to 24th and Mission, where I find myself loitering on most nights.
This is a great place to go for a late night meal if you're out on the town in San Francisco.Decently priced burrito's for the amount of food you get.I tried the super shrimp burrito. I had come in expecting small shrimps, but now they packed it with huge prawns! I had never tried a shrimp burrito before, and I ended up loving what I ordered. It was a shame I scarfed it down because I was so hungry. Oh and come at a decent time like 1-2am before the crowds come. But then if that's too early to be leaving the clubs for you....don't say I didn't warn you, because the lines will get pretty long.
When you see a line out the door of an ethnic eatery in a hyper-competitive ethnic neighborhood, you know you're in for something special, if not extraordinary.The guys at El Farolito grill the meats fresh, something that is almost always a requisite of good food places.Had the Al Pastor Super Burrito with not a single ingredient missing: warm and soft cheesy tortilla, black beans, rice, salsa, guac, sour cream, aluminum foil... Everything just comes together harmoniously, especially the tang of the sour cream that effortlessly balances out the richness of the meat and guac. Each ingredient plays a vital role in the equilibrium of the burrito, and yes, that even includes the aluminum foil.Probably the best burrito I've ever put in my mouth, and I've had my fair share of them living in Burritoland, San Diego.
This place is delightfully shady and open late for "after bar munchies". The food is cooked right in front of you and the menu offers lots of variety like Cabeza, Lengua, Tripas, etc. The only drawback is that the line is usually long and the sketchy gangbangers hanging outside give the restaurant a "dangerous" feel. I enjoy the carnitas here very much, so the risk is worth the reward!
This place is a dive. A real dive. But the food is really delicious, and i seriously cannot stop thinking about their chorizo super burrito. Not just for drunks and rogue mariachi singers (yes, they're there).
Veggie Supreme burrito was ok in my book. Maybe I am being too picky but I thought there were a little too many beans in this burrito. I liked the salsa. Nice, picante! Nice, fat sized burrito is now in my belly.
I love this place. It is cheap and delicious. The tacos are good-sized. And the chips are so good! How do they make the chips so good?! I would be happy with just the chips and delicious salsa, but lo! -- the chips are complementary with your delicious taco meal! Heaven.Also, this place is not known for making your ass explode, like some taquerias.
What a great find! The line tipped us off and whenever my b/f and I passed a location with a line- we went straight to yelp to see if we should be on there. Yelpers did not steer us wrong!!! Well, sort of- see, had I gotten my way, I would have ordered a carne asada super burrito but my boyfriend wanting something slightly healthier, asked for chicken. Note to self: Never order healthier. Personally, I felt everything but the chicken was worth the wait. The chicken itself taste rough and dry so I picked out the chicken pieces and gave them to my boyfriend. At $6 a pop, it's a great deal. You're not adding on an arm and a leg to the basic burrito just for a slice of avocado and a dash of sour cream (I'm talking to you Chipotle!!! ::shakes fists::)But I maintain my belief that the chicken is a travesty to the burrito even if my boyfriend is going through withdrawal symptoms without it.
ive lived in san diego for 7 years since college days, and let me start off by saying SD got their mexican food locked down, i was born and raised in SF, but if there is one thing in my mind that SD has it better than SF, its MEXICAN FOOD, with that said....this place is freakin gooooood, i know its mission style burrito mostly in SF, but i just loved their super burrito with al pastor meat in it and its also the most bang for the buck, u get a FATASS burrito for like 6-7bucks i have to pray while sitting on a toilet the next morningif this place had california burrito (french fries, carne asada, salsa, sour cream, guacamole) or carne asada fries (same thing only more and its on a plate), i would give this place 5 stars NP!4.5 stars
"Nah, I'm not hungry. I don't think I'll be ordering anything." That's what I told my friend the moment we entered taqueria El Farolito in the Mission and planted ourselves in line. The line was about 15 people deep in this narrow whole-in-the-wall Mexican joint. Considering we were dressed to the nines as we were about to start our night, I felt a bit uncomfortable dolled up in this lil taco shop and being stared at. I decided to quit people-watching and commence to see the cooks in action. Order after order, them cooks handled that line as though it were Armageddon, pounding out taco after burrito and then some! I noticed the more I watched them create these delicious delights, the more hungry I got. I caved in and ordered one of my favorite Mexican treats, a veggie tostada.As we sat at a booth and munched on some fresh tortilla chips, I was stoked I ordered a bottle of water because the dipping salsa was so damn hot! That sheet was so hot my tongue felt like it was kissing the devil! Alas my tasty tostada arrived and it was oh-so-heavenly. Topped with fluffy beans, lettuce, cheese, avocado and creamy sour cream all on top of a crisp tostada, I was more than satisfied. I happily pranced out of taqueria El Farolito knowing that I had a nice light meal and was ready to engage in some cocktails. PS - The burritos are mondo! I'm glad I didn't order that before we went out. Although they look so tantalizing, they're far to heavy for a night out on the town. I'd have to resort from skinny jeans to a potato sack and a wheel barrel.
As a current New Yorker with lots of friends in the Bay Area i go out to visit quite a bit. I hate this place. It isn't the best mexican i've ever had on the west coast or even in San Fran...but that isn't why i hate it. Mainly, it has forever ruined Mexican food in New York for me. No where can you can get as much food, for the same quality, for the same price in NY. No where. Damn California and it's fresh cheap produce!  The couple of times i have been here, i have got 2 meals for almost 7 or 8 bucks and i'm not one of those pussy diet eaters. Buffet owners fear me, Fat people hate my metabolism, hibernating animals are envious. Thanks for nothing Farolito.
We were running late in trying to get to Humphry Slocombe on Harrison, but we needed dinner before dessert. We found this place and thought it would be a quick in and out....This place was much better than that. Their prices were awesome and the portions were generous. I got the veggie burrito. It was clean and not soupy and filled with all the good stuff. My girlfriend got the Enchiladas plate and it was huge! (I'll post a picture as soon as I get my SD card back) . That plate was $7. Easily $12+ at higher end restaurant. Mine was under $5 because of the no-meat thing. We got the Strawberry (Fresa) and Horchata. Both were a little watery, but still good. They seemed very homemade. The Horchata was a little too cinnamon-y. The chips were good. The salsas were great. The green stuff was the best. There were a few other places on the street that looked appealing, but this place had the right price. And it was hopping with a good crowd of mixed people. We passed a traditional sit-down restaurant and there was no one in side. Sad face.I will definitely go back.
DROOOLSOk, you can tell this spot is the best because Mexicans actually eat here. Plus, each and every time I go, I leave happy and overly satisfied.It's cheap, hugely portioned, and a great menu to select from. I highly recommend their tacos, super quesadillas, and of course, the burrito.Come hungry, even thirsty because their fresh fruit drinks like strawberry or cantaloupe is ridiculously refreshing.**It's been featured on the 7x7 magazine as the BEST burrito in the city via blind test. Wow!Quick tip: I don't recommend eating at this location on a really cold day. Why? Their back door isn't completely sealed, therefore your dining experience will be frigid.
In a neighborhood all but overrun by one taqueria after another, I'm finding it most efficient these days to list the things that set a given establishment apart from its brethren. Without further ado:- Open LATE. As far as I'm concerned, this is Farolito's main virtue, which goes hand-in-hand with the fact that it is...- Right off the BART. I appreciated this more than ever last Friday when we dragged ourselves off of a Daly City train at around 1 am after a five-hour marathon concert, absolutely starving. Farolito was there for us. Together, these two things go a long way with me.- Free, ice-cold water.- The burritos are large, tasty, and cheap.- A wide assortment of authentic meat options (including brains, tongue, & tripe).- Plenty of beverage options, both alcoholic & non.- Salsa bar with 3 tasty salsas (though the less chunk red is HOTTT).On the other hand...- Cash only.- Not the cleanest taqueria I've ever been in.- There is a faint odor of kitchen/bathroom cleaner that I find a bit disconcerting & unfortunate.- Chips cost extra.
El Farolito offers 2-star food at 4-star convenience. First the good--El Farolito is open until 3am/4am which makes it the only show in town at that time. I often just drive over and temporarily street park and pick up a warm tasty set of tacos. Unfortunately, this business is focused around late-night volume food so if you do meander into this place without the benefit of a buzz, the quality of the food will strike you as subpar, especially given the plethora of options in the Mission. I would try something else for your sober tacos such as La Taqueria or Los Coyotes.
Nothing blew my mind from this place. Out of tacos, super burrito, quesadilla, and a tostada, the best for me, was definitely the quesadilla. The thick oozy cheese really did it for me. There just seems to be too many burrito/taco joints in the mission for me to come back here again until I finish my rounds... :)
I'm a huuuuge burrito lover. Mexican in general is my favorite food genre, and I was REALLY excited to try El Farolito. Maybe reading all the reviews and salivating over the pictures built it up too much in my mind, because it was just okay to me. I got a carnitas super burrito, and yeah, it was pretty yummy. But I was expecting a life-changing burrito experience, and this wasn't it. I've definitely had better burritos. Though tender, the meat lacked flavor and didn't have that nice crispiness that I love about good carnitas. I really don't mind hole in wall establishments, but I wasn't a big fan of the seating situation here. I was in around 5:20 pm, and it was packed. A good sign, of course, but there was nowhere to even wait for my burrito without feeling awkward. Booo. To be honest, I don't think I'll be back - I'd rather experiment with some of the Mission's other taquerias.
KILLER Carne Asada Burrito!
This was recommended by a friend, a local and was crowded when we came, but I've frequented a lot of places in the mission and other than the price, there was nothing special about the carne asada burrito that I had.
The food reviews are spot-on. The super burrito was awesome, but I actually preferred the suiza quesadilla. So why only 3 stars??? The seating area always needs a good scrub. I know this place turns tables fast, but it would be far more appealing if someone would tend to busing the tables and sweeping the floor!! My recommendation, get your food to go!
This is when I eat El Farolito:- When I'm hungry - When I'm feeling poor and only want to spend less than $10 for a meal- When I feel sad and need a pick me up- When I want to gain weight- When I'm craving good down and dirty Mexican food- When I have been drinking in the Mission district on a Fri/Sat night- On my work lunch break (Yes...I work at Embarcadero but it's literally a 5-7 minute BART ride. Get on at Embarcadero and get off at 24th and Mission! Only 5 stops. LOOOOVEE it!)This is what I eat at El Farolito:- Super Suiza Quesadilla with Carne Asada (steak) or Pollo (chicken)- Super Burrito NO BEANS with Carne Asada (steak) or Pollo (chicken)This is what I want to try at El Farolito b/c it looks so tasty:- Mexican Tortas! (sandwiches)This is why I'm taking off 1 star:- When I ask for light sour cream on my burrito, I end up getting a lot. When I don't mention anything about sour cream, I usually get a little. I JUST WANT A LITTLE DAMMIT.- Everytime I visit this El Farolito, all the tables seem to be dirty. Rice bits here, rice bits there, chips here, chips there. I could NOT find one table that was bussed and clean. I had to take a napkin and clean it off myself.'Nuff said. El Farolito is my GO TO place to get tasty mouth-watering Mexican food.
During my first trip to San Francisco, I went out in search of the best SF burrito. Not only did I find it here, I think I had the best burrito of my entire life.The carne asada super burrito I had here was everything I wanted. It was wrapped in a warm, toasty tortilla and filled with the perfect collection of ingredients in just the right amounts. Sour cream isn't my favorite thing in the world, but I loved it in this burrito. The freshly cut avocado added a nice touch.This place is legit. You need to try it.
I cannot believe I didn't write a review for this place yet! This is my favorite burrito place in town. Ok, so it is a hole in the wall, dirty, and filled with wasted drunks late at night complete with nasty bathrooms that'll put mother nature on hold and make eating without washing your hands an option. But.. the food is fresh due to high turnover and tastes awesome. The al pastor tacos are a homerun, but I now just get the Super Suiza Quesadilla: cheese, avocado, sour cream, salsa, carne asada ... totally filling & clog the arteries if you eat it everyday.cash only, cheaplong lines, 15 minute wait from time in line to food in your handparking can be found, metered
Amazing place ever! Its very cheap for a good burrito, and it tasted very good!!! It was worth the trip to mission just to eat here.
My favorite burrito in town. You can tell by the moment you walk in that the preparation is what sets their food apart. The meat is laid out on the grill with the ingredients cooked with it, so when you bite into your burrito, the flavors come beautifully together and not broken up in a content clusterf*** like large corporate chain burritos are. The food here is not to be missed.
So here's the deal...I had $5.50 in my pocket and didn't fell like going to an ATM. Only place I could think of to go and actually get a meal was El Farolito. Prices are super cheap and when you are getting a burrito, that's pretty important. Is it the best burrito? Not even close, but hey, $5(FYI - I prefer the farolitos on 24th st and on mission in the excelsior district)
Super good fast food Mexican spot in the Mission District. Tasty!! Somehow this burrito was different from other Mexican food hole in the walls elsewhere in Cali... but it was a good different. Prices are reasonable, too. There was a constant flow of business and it was just a simple typical spot. Just what I needed before road-tripping it back down to LA. I'll definitely be back when I'm back in the Bay again.
Amazing burritos with the perfect mix of ingredients so you get a little bit of everything in every bite. Super burritos are big so come hungry. It's a small place so if it's a busy day it might take a minute to get a seat. By the time your food is ready you will more than likely have a seat so it works out.
i don't care if this place is "overrated." good food is good food, and that burrito is good food! the quesadillas always looked good, but it was always hard for me to stray away from getting my pork burrito! it gets a bit crowdy sometimes, but crowds=tasty food!
It's a really good place for some authentic Mexican food! I love how you get to watch the cooks make your food behind the windows. The burrito is super huge, really cheap too. I love how this place is open until 3 in the morning, which is pretty neat if you're just leaving a party in SF around 2...and need to fix your post-midnight munchies :D
Let's keep it real, if this place weren't open late, the reviews would be skewed lower. A lot of these folks are basing their reviews on "drunk food" experiences. I mean it's definitely tasty and open late which is awesome, but there are MUCH better burritos and tacos right in that same area. La Taqueria for example might be slightly pricier but better quality food. Also Tonayense truck!Gotta say though, their boiled chicken is pretty good. But overall their food is quick and filling, but definitely not worth the 4.5 rating that people give it. Take a second out to check out some alternatives around the area. San Jose is a good one as well.
I really couldn't figure out why this place got 4.5 stars with over almost 2000 reviews, but then I saw the hours (open until 4am) and figured it out. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't sober good. It would probably blow my mind at 2am though! I had the carne asada tacos. My husband had the lengua super burrito. Standard greasy taco truck fare at a pretty cheap price. It seems to always be packed so plan on getting takeout.
Let me just say that I still dream about the burritos at El Farolito. Maybe, I am just nostalgic, because this was the place I used to go to on my lunch break when I worked in the mission or for late night burritos after a night of drinking on Valencia st. The carne asada burritos and salsa choices were absolutely divine. Now I live in Los Angeles and you would think that I would find just as good taquerias down here, but none of them compare to the carne asada at El Farolito.
Best. Burrito. Of. My. Life.And I lived in Mexico for a while.Holy crap. Line was out the door at 4:00 on a Sunday, but we stuck by it and it was GOOD.Please, though, be sure to actually read the menu before you get to the register (some people...) and make sure to have cash.
*scratches head*I'm starting to question if the people reviewing these places know what they're talking about? 4.5 stars and over 1,000 reviews? Are you serious?Grew up in the Bay, lived in LA for the past 9 years, and moved back. I've been on a mission to find the best mexican food joint in the Bay and CANNOT find one. If this is your "best", then you clearly havent had awesome mexican food down in LA. El Taurino, any King Taco joint, and many others trump this easily.I went here on a Tuesday evening and got a carne asada taco and a carne asada burrito (per the reviews). The carne asada is not quality meat! It wasn't seasoned well and it was a little dry. PLUS, what is up with your salsa????? I've noticed many Bay Area mexican food places salsa is a mixture of pico de gallo/finely chopped style. I'm not digging it.Sorry, but this place is whatevers. SF, your pizza easily trumps places in LA but your mexican food is not even close!
Al pastor super burrito you the best i ever had
Tonight I took a detour home from work to try out "El Farolito" in the Mission for the 1st time - I'm a big fan. A long line - a good sign, fresh food - another good sign, great prices - an ever better sign. I purchased three carne asada super burritos @ $5.45/each, a steak quesadilla @ $3.95, and two bags of chips $.50/each. The burritos were massive, and family approves. Too bad they are not in the Richmond District.FOOD - 4 stars - tasty, solid, consistent,AMBIANCE - 2 stars - hole-in-the-WALLSERVICE - 3.5 stars - fast, assembly lineTOTAL - 3.75 stars - right outside the 24th Street BART station
So many many many many years ago (about 10!) a friend of mine said, "I have to take you here. I will order. I just need to know: chicken, steak or pork?' I chose steak (in case you were wondering). What he brought me next was the BEST super quesadilla suiza I have ever eaten. EVER. And now, 10 years later (and even though I live in Palo Alto now) I go to El Farolito almost everytime I am in the city!. Because the super quesadilla is so good, I can't pull myself to try anything else when i am there. Steak is good, the al pastor (pork) is greasy, but delish. chicken is good too but not as savory as the steak or pork for me at least!
Yummy and DeliciousThere's always a long line, but the wait isn't that bad, but well worth the wait.i had the super quesadilla suiza... mmmM drooling thinking about it, and i tried my boyfriends carne asada super burrito, soo good too. I give it minus 1 star because the first time we went there we were standing in line and didnt know it was cash only, so we had to leave since neither of us had cash, and to make things worse, were not even from SF. I always hate cash only places because im one person who hardly EVER holds cash. But overall, the food was good and they have a good variety of difference salsas
Dear Drunk - Forgetful - "I want pie! I want beef jerky" - Ali,For future reference, this is that place that serves mexican food really really late (or early, however you put it) and has saved you from some evil hangovers. Next time you're in the mish and drunk, go here again. Signed-Sober Ali
Best quesadilla I've ever had EVER.
Stopped by here around 2AM on a Saturday night. El Farolito totally hits the spot when you've been out drinking all night & get the munchies. I got a carne asada burrito - they are ginormous & I ended up only eating 1/3 of it. My bf's chorizo taco smelled amazing. I'm getting that the next time I come here. I'm giving it three stars, because I'm pretty sure I came here once when I wasn't drunk and I was not super impressed.
Yum yum yum! Possibly the only burrito I will ever eat in burrito form (I hate food that is messy to eat, so I consume most of my burritos in bowls). Stuffed full with so much food, and YET it never ever fell apart. AMAZING. Also tasted so fresh and with ingredients that tasted like they were just cooked (and had not been sitting behind the counter for days). Cash only though. We also started to get serenaded in Spanish by someone walking around - kind of weird, but still cool. The only thing is that the place is a little dirty, but I guess there are sacrifices to be made for good food. Cute little booths to sit at. And...the burrito was so filling that even though I only ate half, it pretty much knocked me out for the rest of the night.
One of the best Mexican spots in The Mission
I've been going here for 8 years now. They're conveniently open until 3 am and beats drive thru fast food or 24 hour Markets open. If you're sick of driving they're right out of the 24th Bart station. Prices are SF average. Not in the best area at night so I'd suggest going with buddies and they forgot my carne asada in my super burrito last week =(
This is my go to burrito place!! Food is really tasty and the price is good. I love their carnitas(pork) super burrito.They offer wheat, spinach or regular tortilla.
Great burritos and aguas frescas with attentive service! Always in search of a good burrito, I was happy to come upon El Farolito on a recent trip to SF. The line wasn't very long, and it gave us time to assess our options and decide what to get. Got the super veggie burrito and a melon agua fresca. Both were divine. The agua fresca was sweet, but refreshing. The burrito was perfect: just enough of everything, and the cheese was melty, which means they put the cheese on the tortilla while it's still heating on the griddle. Speaking of tortillas, it had just the right combo of softness and chewiness. Fantastic. On top of it all, the folks behind the counter were quick and attentive, and brought our food out to us at our table, which I didn't expect for the setting. The agua fresca was so good that I ordered a second one on the way out, the strawberry this time. It was a little too sweet for my taste, but I can't recommend the melon version highly enough!
With 903 reviews I know mine isn't necessary but I have a story to tell.I recently went to SF on business. I was mobbing around the Mission with my cousin looking for something to eat. I told him I had a taste for Mexican (no shortage of that in the Misson) and he told me he knew a spot so he takes me to Farolito. I wasn't familiar with the menu so I told him to just order for me. He ordered 2 tortas. I never had a torta before and didn't know what it was but I'm a team player so I rolled with it. When the food comes I'm essentially looking at a Mexican cheesesteak. There must have been some type of a controlled substance sprinkled on my sandwich b/c I was hooked like a Tenderloin fiend. Bottom line: Farolito makes a damn good torta.
It seems most of the reviews are for the late-night crowd, but we went there around 3pm on a weekday and it was still lively. Typically, people get the burritos but I got the Alambres con Camarones, and what came out was a beast. There was so much meat, so much shrimp, and so much veggies and peppers just convoluted all in front of me; it was glorious. My girlfriend had a burrito, which she said was "okay", nothing as mind-blowing as everyone else had suggested. Pretty sure you could find another more satisfying Mexican place in the area. One pretty annoying problem is that the bums of SF come right on in and pester you about giving them food or giving them some change and won't leave until you basically comply. The place will get packed and the decor seems like it's an old McDonald's, but that's the damn point. Personally, certain restaurants should just be rated for their food and their food only, and this is one of them.JJ
I went here after I read all the positive yelp reviews and while I'm not sure that it's the "best burrito I ever had" it's definitely up there. However, I should mention the place is really small and narrow that always makes it feel like I'm in a crowded bus; Also, despite good health ratings It's just not a place I would eat in. My point still remains good burritos, cheap but order to go.
This is a GREAT place for you if you don't mind waiting in line for gruff service, mediocre food and the chance at being caught up in a gang-land revenge shooting.The only plus is for being open late.The al pastor is dry and bland, the chips are store-bought, and the sour cream they use clumps up and separates five minutes after hitting the plate.Honestly, find a sober person who eats here during the day and ask them for a honest opinion of the quality of the cuisine served there.
I'm a self-proclaimed lover of burritos and I am pretty picky when it comes to my carne asada deliciousness. I've heard so much about this place that I thought, "Well, shit. If it's the best burrito in town, I need to try this place out." So one day after the Street Food Fest (which was waayyyy too crowded and unnecessary for a bacon wrapped hot dog line) my friends and I thought that we should just venture out into the Mission to get some food while the crazy foodies crowded around that area. At least that freed up the line at El Farolito, or so we thought. I guess the other impatient people form the Street Food Fest had the same idea. So we get there and it's just a hop, skip, and a jump away from the 24th and Mission BART station (seriously, try it). We wait in line for a bit and we miraculously manage to get a seat inside on a Saturday afternoon. I order my carne asada burrito and horchata and dig in. Let me tell you, it is one of the best places to get a Mission burrito in San Francisco. The meat was cooked perfectly and there wasn't too much rice. They balanced out all the elements of a burrito perfectly. In the simplest terms, IT WAS FUCKING DELICIOUS. I would say that if you don't want to venture too far into the neighborhood for a burrito, El Farolitos is a great place to get them.Now that I've got that burrito out of the way, it's time to try the other things on the menu....
I don't know what the deal is with drunk people having to go eat Mexican food at 3 in the morning. I mean, that's a disaster waiting to happen right? You'll be vomiting from both ends the next day, or a couple hours after that.I wasn't drunk when we came here, but I was extremely tired. My 24 year old bones aching and unable to take the lame partying we had done the mere 30 minutes before arriving at the place. In fact, I don't even remember where this place really is or how we got there, but we did. Again, was. not. drunk. Just my 75 year old brain in my obese 24 year old body.Anyways, I wasn't that hungry, but I knew I'd save it for the next morning, morning meaning afternoon. The time I got up. I had the boyfriend order me a quesadilla with carne asada steak. It was real good, but it had some spice to it. And I'm not a big fan of spicy.But something that will stay in my mind forever is how it reeked of bathroom in the last thirds of the sit down area. Haha, that sounds funny. Sit down area. OMG, we were making play barf sounds the night before and this time I wasn't playing. It smelled sooooo gross, like someone took a lot of toilet paper and stuffed it down a clogged toilet, but it wouldn't go down so they kept flushing and flushing and all it would do was make it worse and make the smell permeate. Besides that, I don't know what the actual bathroom looked like. There was an invisible force field of stank that prevented me from crossing the line into the unknown.Anyways, with that said, if you can grab it to go, I'd recommend that. Or hover over people who are down to their last bite and swoop on dem seats, ya heard!
Amazing! Enough said.
Yo, Valentina V, devor una de las mejores Quesadillas Suizas que he probado en mi vida. La Carne Asada estaba sazonada al punto y cocinada perfectamente. Para completar mi deliciosa y muy rpida cena, me tom una agua fresca de Horchata, uno de los sabores que me hacen feliz como pocas cosas en la vida.El ambiente, fabuloso. Todo tipo de gente coma a nuestro alrededor. Los chips, cero uno. Me encat ordenar en espaol y luego sentarme en ese cuasi-antro, lleno de rostros felices y vidos comensales.Translation guide:Devor: devourMejores: bestQuesadilla Suiza: oh, come on! You know this one!Probado: tryVida: lifeSazonada: seasonedCocinada: cookedCena: dinnerSabores: flavorsFeliz: happyOrdenar: orderGente: peopleCero uno: FAILCuasi-antro: semi-hole-in-the-wallRostros felices: happy facesvidos comensales: avid table companions(Sorry my fellow Yelpers but when in Mission, I tend to get VERY excited about being able to speak Spanish, and it takes me a bit to go back to Ingls).Farolito es delicioso y muy barato!PS: Barato: cheap.
This is the Mexican joint I've been dreaming about. All the food looks like escaped from World 4 in Super Mario Bros. 3 (minus the turtle). In other words: big pimpin. I was lucky enough to try the nachos, quesadilla and the burrito while there. They were all really good. As far as I could tell there weren't any crazy ingredient options, just avocado and sour cream, but they were packed full of flavor none the less. It's easy for Mexican food to run aground on Bland Island but El Farolito sailed safely into the Sea of Tasty Delight.It has a really old school feel to it and it's no nonsense at the counter. They're not rude, they just have a lot of customers to help after you. Remember that you'll most likely be getting leftovers if you aren't sharing so ask for foil and a bag before you sit down. Otherwise you'll be waiting a while.Yum.
Not much to add on 1300 reviews. Best in the City. You know a restaurant is going to be good when they have a security guard with a gun.Get the steak torta.
There are many great taquerias in San Francisco, but I have to say this place rocks!!! I always get the super burrito because it has everything. The meats are so tasty. I dont know what they put in their burritos cuz it doesnt seem any different from other places. It could be the meat or its a certain way they put in the goods? I LOVE this place sober and inebriated!!!
Came here after reading many good things about the place. We ordered two carnitas tacos and an al pastor taco along with an horchata. Total= $7.68The carnitas tacos were so good! They piled on the meat and it was super tender and flavorful. The Al Pastor taco was also delicious! After watching them make burritos and nachos, I knew I need to come back and try those as well.
Ok, admittedly the location is a bit gritty, however this does not justify the jail-house tatted gangster threatening people while standing in line. This was my first really uncomfortable experience in SF and we have been living in the city for about two years. It was 7 pm on a Sunday, half the menu was not available, the place was slammed and a gentleman was barking out order numbers at a volume that was unreasonable and very unfriendly. I had a carna asada taco and regular burrito. The meat, which everyone raves about, was dry and lacked any substantial flavor. The salsa that came with the taco was unremarkable and the burrito equally lacking of any merit other than possibly it's size. I believe in quality, this place doesn't have one worth mentioning. I am from Chico, CA where good Mexican food can be had at almost every corner, I've yet to find a great Mexican food joint in the city. I don't understand how 871 reviewers could average 4 stars. I am hoping that this was just an off night for this little taco joint but I wont go back to find out. I really wanted this place to be my place, I guess I'll just have to keep looking.Happy eating!
One word...FANTASTIC!My boyfriend and I ordered a super burrito (carne asada meat choice) and nachos. Even with splitting both, we were not able to finish because the portions were huge but super delicious. The burrito was packed full with rice, beans and carne asada, and the nachos were covered in sour cream, avocado, jalapenos, cheese and beans. Just thinking about the food now makes me hungry! The prices were cheap, especially considering the amount of food. The only downside it you have to pay in cash. If you want the best Mexican you must stop by El Farolito!
This is just your average workhorse burrito. Best for a late night craving. There are other better places around if you do your homework.
I used to not be a big fan of Mexican food. I mean...am from Canada and there's not a lot of good taquerias where am from. Lately, I've started loving it and even craving for it. Not the garbage Tex-Mex crap but the real deal: the grungy taquerias where you see the cooks grill and cut the meat. I decided to try the holy grail of Mission street: El Faro.Had the Burrito with Carne asada and Tacos Al Pastor. It's amazing. Both meats are so tasty and you can tell it's good quality. All the ingredients are so fresh. The look with the peeled of paint, the jukebox and the dirty tables just add to the charm. Will come back. Expect to wait in line!
One of the best bang for the buck Mexi food places in SF.My personal favorite is the Chile Relleno Super Burrito. Oooh just thinking about it is making me hungry again.
I'm hopelessly hooked on the Carne Asada Super Suiza with their silky green salsa; which along with some (new & improved) chips and a diet coke will set you back less than $8. With it's convenient location next to the 24th St BART station, it's my go to dinner spot when I'm working late and don't feel like cooking.
My husband and I just moved to SF, and in addition to our ice cream and brunch forays, we're also slowly trying Mexican places (I think my husband would be happy eating Mexican food every day of his life). We came here because 1) we were walking down Mission and it was close to the BART, and 2) it had a bunch of fantastic reviews. It wasn't bad food, but honestly, there are chain places that I've enjoyed more. My husband and I both ordered chicken tacos. The chicken was tender, but not especially flavorful. The salsas we tried were too mild. And my taco was overwhelmed with sour cream (it felt like I was eating a sour cream taco).It seems like the burritos have a lot of great reviews, so maybe this is the dish to get? I don't know--my husband and I won't return to try it.
This place is good, so I guess my rating is more like 3.5 stars, but the portions here are bigger than I expected. For that reason, I'm still reeling from my last trip to El Farolito. The regular quesadilla (there is a super) was huge, but on top of that, I also got two tacos. Just thinking about eating that much food again makes me feel slightly nauseous.Minus one star for the fact that the place is dirty. Although I'm by no means a healthy eater, I kinda felt like El Farolito cut off 5 years of my life with its grease. I'll probably come back when I'm craving a ton of food for a great price, but until then, I'll pass.
I went here since it had the highest ratings and large number of reviews. I was so excited to try out a Super Burrito. I ordered a carne asada super burrito with chips and horchata. The price was decent for the super burrito and 50 cents for a side of chips and free salsa. I ordered with everything minus rice. When I bit into the burrito my excitement disappeared. I could not taste much of the meat. It was kinda bland for me. All I could taste was beans and guacamole. Still I manage to eat about 90% of my burrito. I'll continue my quest to find the SF Burrito restaurant that fits my taste buds.
Best quesadilla ever!!! I think I might have moved to the 25th street just so I could be closer to this joint. The serving are huge, the salsa bar rocks, its cheap & open late. Im getting hungry just thinking about it.
El Farolito was as advertised...best Mexican food I've had in the city. Don't expect the place to be super clean, but who cares when your food is this good and cheap. The line was out the door the last time I went here, but it moved fast and I got my food in less than 5 minutes. Love this place!
I recall coming here when I was drunk, and omg was it amazing. But this time, I had to try it sober with some visitors from out of town who had heard about it. And yes, sober is as good as drunk, believe it or not!Definite winners:Super Suiza (consider splitting it with someone because these are truly super) with Cabeza (beef head)Super Nachos with Chorizo (Mexican Sausage)I can honestly now put aside Gordo's as my favorite taqueria and crown El Farolito the best one.
Fast, cheap, and awesome.
Guess they dont take phone orders? Stand in line with the rest of em. Picked up some eats for the fam. Shrimp burrito was gooood with fatty shrimps. Next time i'll get the super kind with all the fixins.Large portions on the burritos. Sis said the carne asada torta was good. Next morning i remembered why mexican food is not my most fave. Bubble guts! But i'm a soldier.
I love the look on the cooks faces when I order my food in Spanish, it's seriously priceless. One of the workers tells me "Ahhh ju speak Espanish?" and I always say "Sii claroo, por que tan sorprendido?" (yes, of course! Why so surprised?) And the guy said back to me "Eres guera" (you are a white girl). How silly. I usually order the Quesadilla Suiza with meat, cheese, avocado, sour cream and salsa with chips which is BOMB. Speaking spanish to the cooks is a plus, I usually get free chips. It's about being friendly really. The burritos are not my favorite, a little dry. I can never finish them. When you order, you are given a number to wait, it's usually 4-5 min. Other than that, your typical taqueria. I have yet to try the rest of the menu and can't wait!
The service was poorly organized. The line was long, we placed our order and waited. And waited and waited. Eventually, we discovered that our order had been lost. Upon notifying the staff of this, was ours the next order to be made and delivered? No. Poor service indeed.The long and the short of it is that a burrito here is not worth the emotional trauma.
This review is hard. I've always loved this place for what it is; a greasy, heart-cloggingly good taqueria. The last time we were here though, my friend pulled a super long hair out of her burrito. It was disgusting...and, I'm sure, a one time thing.
WOW! I went here the other night because my friend just moved into an apartment close by and really wanted to go to this place. I wasn't at all in the mood for Mexican but the other people in the group wanted to try it so I went along. OH MY GOODNESS!!! This is by FAR the best Mexican food i've ever tasted in my life. Seriously. The meat is delicious, the SALSAS are FANTASTIC. The salsas are really spicy which I LOVE. Also, I think my favorite part is the avocado!!!!! They take a whole avocado and slice it up and put it in the food. It is truly to die for. I want to eat here every day for the rest of my entire life.
When friends come to San Francisco from out of town, I always suggest we go here for a flagship burrito. Seriously, one of, THE best burritos in the city.The line is usually long, but there is a reason for this. Everyone wants a burrito from here because they are so awesome!Open late.
All my friends know, I am REALLY big on burritos and tacos. Call it my thing if you will.This place is LITERALLY a stones throw away from my place (I live the block behind it, come say hey) so you think I would have a little bit more love for this place than I do, riight?I don't, really.As far as a Mission Taqueria goes, this has all the essentials; non matching seats, a juke box with mexican music and a grill that you can see as you're waiting in line.BUT, my two holdups with this place?a. The burritos are mixed wrong! I know, this sounds weird, but I HATE diving into a burrito and one one side there is all the sour cream and rice and on the complete other side is all the carne asada. In my opinion, that shit should all roll TOGETHER. That is why Taqueria Cancun gets five stars.b. The food is overpriced for the taste. Simply put.Sorry, El Farolito...I'm just not that into you.BUT...your hours ROCK...and I seem to come to you for drunk burritos all the time, THAT, I love you for.
By far, my favorite place for burritos in the mission and the city for that matter. I never leave disappointed, even when I am sober! The first bite of one of their burritos is always the best, it tastes so good! All of the fillings are evenly distributed so that I get a little of everything with each delicious bite. All of their salsas at the salsa bar, red or green, are super spicy, yum! And I am sure to drench each bite of my super veggie burrito with a ton of spicy salsa. My favorite part is leftovers the next day and be sure to get some salsa to go!
OMG...I love their Mexican food!!!! Try their burritos. I try to eat as much Mexican food as I can before I have to move back to Denmark.
My brother took me to this inconspicuous hole in the wall when I was out visiting him in SF, and there's only one word for this place. "F'ing amazing". Okay, two words. For example, order the quesadilla. I know what you're thinking - I've had a bazillion quesadillas in my life. What's so special about a quesadilla? And then WHAM!  There it is on your plate in all of its gloriousness. Meat and cheeses and countless toppings oozing out of this thick and toasty gargantuan that could easily stomp out every quesadilla that came before it. You want to name it, not eat it. But you eat it anyway, deciding whether it's better to chase the meal with your beer, or the other way around. It's all about the last flavor anyway. So give it a try. If there's one "dive restaurant" that you wish followed you no matter where you lived, this would be it.
Looking over to the right at Blake W.'s review, I feel the same about not having much more to add to the 800+ reviews. So, what I can say is this: I no longer consume beef, but the menu here did entice me into eating a carne asada quesadilla, and it was way delish! I visited thrice with my friend, but didn't eat anything until the 3rd visit, as I could no longer control myself. Although I am a fan of the more healthier taqueria menus, every now and again it's quite okay to indulge one's self in the greasier things in life. I think my next visit will be after a night out on the town with my girls!
This is definitely a place that will prompt cravings. The burritos are large, filling, and quite tasty. Tip -- the green salsa is the best! Unfortunately, they don't have any salsa that has much of a kick.
I give this place 100 out of 5 stars.Probably the best super burrito, nachos, and super quesidilla on the planet. I have driven here from Sacramento when the urge strikes.Its right about the 24th / Mission BART station, which makes it super convenient. The bathroom is like something out of a horror movie, but what do you expect? Its the city. Even for a white guy like me, the staff are gracious and friendly. The place is very cramped, but who cares, its has by far the best hole in the wall mexican food in our known universe.
this place is ok. I dont understand what all the hype is about. The burritos are huge but they arent very flavorful. The verde guacamole salsa is pretty good, but like I said nothing to brag about. They cook a huge amount of meat at once then refrigerate it and then reheat it all throughout the day. GROSS! this place isnt any better then any other average taqueria. If you are a true mexican you will not be impressed with this place.
When you're hungry, go for the carne asada super nacho which is huge. It took three of us to finish it. Well worth the ~$6 we paid. The taste was just alright, not sure why this place is over 4 stars.
I had the opportunity to try out El Farolito this weekend upon recommendation from a friend. After decades of eating obsessively eating Mexican food (while living in San Diego and San Francisco mind you), I now proclaim this to be the best Mexican food I have ever had. At the heart of such an amazing restaurant is their super quesadilla suiza. It's a large quesadilla with carne asada beef, avocado, swiss cheese, and sour cream. It's by far the best quesadilla I've ever had and large enough to feed two people. Friends of mine also had their burrito with cow tongue. According to them, the burritos were as good, if not better than the quesadillas.
I came here with some visiting New Yorkers who had heard about this place. I think El Farolito is supposed to be one of the Burrito Gods of San Francisco or something. And yes, the burritos are solid, but nothing special. I mean, you can get an extremely well-made burrito with delicious carne asada or carnitas in a ton of places in California (thank God for that). But what really stood out for me was the mighty quesadilla. I have learned, by dining in Mexican restaurants where actual Mexicans eat, that quesadillas are not just thin, lifeless flour tortillas with melting yellow cheese in the middle. Heck to the no. True quesadillas are more like monster soft tacos. The exterior (the flour tortilla) should display an array of beautiful, golden markings received from being pressed to a hot griddle while the interior should be filled to bursting with meat, cheese (usually white), and avocado. The carne asada really shone in the quesadilla. My only problem is that this place is extremely filthy and they allow the homeless to come in and attack you while you eat. One star because the owner should probably do something about this. Oh, and there's powder in my horchata.
Need I say more? Super Burrito is the best I have ever had. The green salsa is awesome! The horchata may be a bit on the sweet side, but who cares when the carne asada burrito is out of this world? Love this place, will definitely return. Be warned, come with an empty stomach..
The Best Damn Quesadillas You'll Ever Have. My fav crack in the wall. 5 Stars.
If you're from Southern California, don't come here. I wish I had the option of not putting any stars. My carne asada burrito was cold, sloppy / falling apart, and your stomach will pay the next day. I went on a busy Saturday night, still, there's no excuse. Mexican food should always be served hot. Health code 114002.  cdph.ca.gov/services/Doc
Skip the tacos, get the burritos. Small space, cash only, but great for a cheap lunch! Will come again, would recommend.
woooo! late hours! after club/lounge hotspot! super burritos and the best steak nachos! also the strawberry fresca! bomb.com! yes it could be dirty , but you can't complain when it's open that long offering quality mexican food. i would avoid the bathroom if you dont want infections and such. salsa selection is great. i like to top off all my food with different salsa. ooo chips free with any purchase.
El Farolito v2.0: Burrito bonanza!If you go to El Farolito, just get yourself a super burrito. In my opinion, everything else is pretty lackluster when you know where to get good eats in the Mission. Even though El Faro is only really good for their burritos, they excel at them.With the super burrito, you can look forward to a good balance between the meat and everything else. My last couple of burritos were always balanced with a good portion of meat on one side of the tortilla and beans/rice/cheese on the other. Don't shortchange yourself and get the regular; you'll want the sour cream and avocado slices that comes with the super. Slap some pico de gallo on there and you'll have a burrito bonanza in every bite. The consistency of my burritos should definitely be commended. My only problem with the burritos is the tortilla: it's your standard, "we've been sitting in this bag for a week" type of tortilla. I'm not even sure if El Faro bothers to steam them, and it shows in the lack of flavor and unnatural chewiness of the tortilla. I guess I've just been spoiled by La Palma's super burritos. Those bad boys are much bigger and much more flavorful for the same price, but El Faro is not a bad choice at all in a pinch.If you don't want to make the journey out to other good eats or if you're caught with the 2am bar crowd, El Faro is a decent choice for filling that burrito void.
The best burrito I've had next to the Los Compadres taco truck at Spear and Folsom.I do think that many of the burrito places in the Mission make very good burritos too.Sure, argue over which one is better. El Farolito is really good too.Quick, big, fast, hot, cheesy, meaty goodness.Love the chunks of avocado in the burrito.I'd kind of like a burrito right now.
Some of the best tacos I have ever eaten. Cheap and delicious.
My food adventures continue with another trip into the Mission district, this time to a hole-in-the wall restaurant near the 24th St.-Mission BART station called El Farolito. Known as one of the places credited for the Mission/San Francisco-style burrito, the enormous, foil-wrapped inspiration for Chipotle burritos, El Farolito in my opinion is one of the best burrito stands.Step inside El Farolito, and you wouldn't think it to be a San Francisco institution. It's loud, dirty, furnished with formica-and-wood booths, and has your questionable looking salsa bar for the complimentary stale tortilla chips. Its patrons include goths, hippies, BART commuters, and the occasional Asian like me. Perhaps its scruffiness is what gives El Farolito its charm. It definitely made me feel like I was back at one of the many Mexican food joints in South Los Angeles.I can't wrap my head around it, but there's something about El Farolito's that puts it above other burrito places like Chipotle. My burrito, a super carnitas burrito, was well assembled, with each bite consisting of a little bit of meat, beans, sour cream, and rice. The carnitas was amazing. Juicy and tender, yet with just a slight fried texture. Perfectly complimenting the meat was a generous portion of sour cream, which for some reason had a slight citrus/orange flavor to it that made the burrito even more delicious. The beans and rice were perfectly flavored and were in perfect quantities in the burrito. Not to mention this burrito had GUACAMOLE! All this prepared fresh after you order it. No industrial assembly line, no "burrito bol", and no need to mention about farm-raised meat.I've promised myself that someday I'll take BART through the city extra early and make a quick stop at El Farolito for their breakfast burrito. Something tells me it'll be a good day when that happens.
Simple and too the point. This is what tacos should be. The carnitas were outstanding. No real spicy salsa though which was disappointing.
DANG. Huge ass burrito, spicy salsa, nice staff. Sure, the place was a little dingy. I'm okay with holes in the wall as long as they taste this good. I got the super chicken burrito. It was a huge amount of food for the price and it was loaded with pinto beans and avocado. I even got sour cream, and I normally don't do that. I thought everything was really well distributed and tasted good. Its proximity to the BART station is an even bigger plus. I don't know if I'd make a special trip to the Mission just to get burritos here, but if I was in the area I'd definitely go.
Yep, just echoing the rest. Super quesadilla suiza + strawberry agua fresca.  Really, no where else even comes close.
dare i say the best burrito ever? got the carnitas super burrito and i am salivating just thinking about it. the ceviche was also very good. the green sauce for the burrito was out of control and i want more!
I miss you El Farolito, even though lengua still freaks me out. I'm sorry I didn't live there long enough to become one of the fattie regulars. Do you deliver to Boston?
Hands down, best burrrritos in the city. Several close runner ups, but this place takes the cake. Trust me, others come close but no cigars.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THERE WAS A PUBE IN MY BURRITO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I shit you not. There was a short and curly in my burrito! I was so disgusted I yacked and then cried, and I'm going to make it my personal mission to tell everyone who goes there about this. SHUT THAT SHIT DOWN!DOESN'T MATTER HOW GREASY IT IS OR HOW LATE IT IS OPEN FUCKING PUBES IN FOOD IS NOT COOL!!!!!
The salsa and most food is great!The chips are crappy. I used to get burritos here and enjoy them sometimes in the restaurant, especially those late night hours. BUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They have RATS scouring around on the dining room floor, several at a time running around! Gross!
See, the problem for me in eating Mexican food is that if I find a place I already like, I rarely venture out to try the food from a different establishment. It's not that I don't want to ... okay, it's because I don't want to, so I rely on my friends to drag me away from my faithful eating places.One thing I like about this place is that it's conveniently located near the BART station. We got there around 1pm, and we were lucky that the line was short but for a line as short it was, it moved a bit slow. However, that's in no way a reflection of how hard the guys were working behind the counter.I ordered the super veggie burrito (with black beans) ... and it was actually really good. My friend kept pestering me about this place, and I can see why. They pack those burritos to the brim; you're lucky if you can even taste the tortilla with all that filling going on and making a mess every time you invite your chompers down for a taste test.- One thing I didn't like about the burritos was the spiciness. I think it's the rice. Not to say that it was heat I couldn't handle because I could, but for my personal taste? I wish it wasn't. Obviously, many people don't seem to mind it or don't find it spicy at all (I'm a baby, okay).- Speaking of the rice, it was a bit too dry for me. No bueno.- The place is kind of dingy and left -a lot- to be desired, but that is the beauty of take-out. I don't think I'll ever order here and stay to eat.+ The best thing I can say about their burritos that counteracts the negative aspects is that just one of their burritos will make you full. In fact, it was really the only thing I ate the entire day. I honestly don't know how anyone can eat those suckers in one sitting.In the end, I could see myself coming back ... provided my friends drag me over here for their foodie craving. Habit wins over my stomach in the case of El Faro, what can I say.P.S. Your debit/credit cards are no good here. But don't get your knickers in a twist. It's not the only place in the city that just accepts cash.
It's been almost 10 years and I still dream about the carne asada super quesadilla from time to time. My dreams came true about 1am yesterday and I have to say I was completely satisfied. Be aware it's a huge quesadilla (I only ate half). The cantaloupe aqua fresca is a great drink to go with everything there. Love the spicy salsa, it hurts so good. It's a pretty dodgy neighborhood but if you go in there like you go all the time, you should be fine. So if you've never been, you line up and wait until you get to the cashier, and order with him. he'll ask you for here or Togo, you pay, you get a receipt with your number on it. if you got chips, go to the salsa bar, and scoop into those little cups. find a seat if you are eating there, if not just stand and wait, but either way listen for them to call your number.  Their other location has the same set-up, and from what I remember it's a little cheaper. Good for lunch and dinnerEnjoy!
My friend and I were starving so we literally just started driving around SF trying to find a place to eat. We went from the Soma to Tenderloin to Mission Bay to Mission. Didn't realize so many place were closed on Sundays. We were about to give up until he found a parking space and we decided to bust out our iphones and Yelp the best place to eat nearby. To our excitement, El Farolito came up with 4.5 and 1500+ reviews and only 2 blocks away! Thank goodness we didn't give up. This place is a true hole in the wall and looks totally dingy, but what do you expect from the Mission, right? I'm not too into dirty places cause I have a bad gag reflex lol but it would have to do. I mean, the line was out the door and the reviews were great so I wouldn't have passed up on this place. We got the Super Burrito. They only accept cash. Good thing my friend had cash... The super burrito was pretty big, but I've seen much bigger in other places. I would say this was more like a medium burrito, but it was still too big for me to finish. It contained fresh avocados, a major bonus! And the carne asada was nothing like I've ever tasted in a burrito! Think, juicy, with a bit of crunchiness from coming straight off the grill! We asked for the hottest hot sauce and the guy pointed to all of them and said they are all hot so we took all of them, tried all of them, and none of them were hot at all to my liking so minus a star for not having real hot hot sauce in a Mexican restaurant. The food from what I tasted is worth it. The price is worth it. The service is pretty good too. But I didn't give it a 5 star because of how dirty the place is and that the hot sauce was lacking. I also didn't like how it was so narrow that our table is literally next to someone's butt while they are standing. Other than that, great place. I'd like to come back and try a different plate.
I realized I needed to order properly. Super Suiza Quesadilla!Less one star for still having disappointing tacos.
10 out of 5 stars.Let me start out by saying Taqueria el Farolito is more than a restaurant for me, it's a way of life. Simple fresh ingredients, a warm smile, and substance over style.The menu above the counter looks in places like a cross-eyed high-schooler placed the words on the board, adding to the decidedly anti-corporate/anti-interior designer atmosphere. Thankfully there isn't a bad item on the menu, although I'm religiously partial to the Super Burrito with carne asada. The Backstory: In 2000 I lived and worked in the Mission, a byproduct of the tech boom that was transforming the neighborhood (Hindsight's 20/20: in some ways for the worse). When I left San Francisco, I returned to Washington DC and it's premiere burrito palace, California Tortilla, but stomach ached for it's separated love. (Although I've always held a place in my heart for CT, it has never been able to fill the void left in my stomach's heart.)Fast forward 8 years and the prodigal son returned to 24th and Mission, luggage in tow. And this time I brought my brother, ever the burrito skeptic. As my friends can see in video and images on Facebook, we both bowed down to the burrito gods in the promised land. I've seen paradise; perhaps this is my penance for continuing to patronize McPotle. Now I'm relegated to gloomy Washington DC and the saturated landscape of inauthentic "burrito" purveyors. Taqueria el Farolito is so good that I would consider making a day-trip just to have a burrito. Crack is whack. Taqueria el Farolito is the bomb-diggity.
I don't recommend El Farolito. It's not only not worthy of the praise it receives but the last time I was there tranny's were peeing on the floor under their table. Seriously.
Wow.. I didn't think a burrito can taste this good. I am so glad to have this Taqueria down the street from my house. They do not skimp on the meat either. None of that rice filler nonsense. If you order a super burrito, you will get a super burrito overstuffed with meat and whatever else your heart desires. My artery clogger of choice is the Carne Asada Super Burrito with a Carne Asada taco on the side and depending on my mood a Horchata. Any other recommendations?
I don't drink alcohol so my review counts for more than probably 75% of the reviews on here. I dont get beer-goggle-taste-buds. El Farolito has the best balance of quantity/quality/price. It's the cheapest, biggest, best burrito I've gotten in the city. I actually go out of my way to drive here for a burrito...and there are not many places I'll go out of my way for. Taqueria Cancun seems to be a crowd favorite also, but I'll pick El Farolito over Cancun any day. The burritos are way bigger and just as good. I haven't had the carne asada, but the carnitas are some of the best in the city and the Cabeza melts in your mouth. Anyone else notice all the one-star reviews are stuck-up girls? or girly-sounding dudes? Just sayin.
My favorite taqueria and I've tried alot of them.Great authentic food and open late night.Don't miss the avocado and lime tomatillo sauce.
If Gary Danko and Fleur de Lys had a threesome with Taco Bell and the three of them gave birth to a hot, sexy Mexican lovechild, that lovechild would be the El Farolito quesadilla. Biting into that carne asada quesadilla was pure ecstasy - the most exciting, delicious and joyous flavors my mouth has ever tasted. Granted, I was so trashed that I was unintelligible when I placed my order to the point that the cashier made me indicate my choice by pointing at a bright, colorful picture on the wall, but none of that mattered. All that matters is that I had the best damn quesadilla of my life.
My friend swears by El Farolito - to her, it is the ultimate in burritos. We met up at El Farolito for burritos one night, and I think I was expecting something similar to Papalote. Not so much - El Farolito is a true dive. I got the carne asada super burrito, and the carne asada was so deliciously fried with just the right amount of fat. The super burrito was huge, and afterwards, I thought I should've ordered the regular burrito instead. My friend insisted that the regular burritos are the same size just without all of the good stuff like the guac, sour cream, etc. We ate at the restaurant, but it's not really the kind of place where you want to hang out for a while. Best bet would be to eat while you walk or take it home... The best part is that it's such a steal - a giant, delicious burrito for $5!I've never been for late night burritos but it's definitely on my list...!
There is nothing I can say that has not already been said, so I won't try. I will tell you this*Yes stand in that REALLY long line*Yes order ANYTHING you think you would like because you will*Order a horcahata (sp)*Try all the sauces, they are all good* Don't be scared to eat at one of the dirty tables*BRING CASH ONLYTHIS IS PURE DOWN TO EARTH KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OF GOOD MEXICAN FOOD! This place is not about looks, locations, decor, or customer service. Its all about good, real deal food!!
TORTAAAAAAAAA!!!! I'm in loveIf I'm in the SF area, you can find me here Saturdays nights after the clubs & bars close down. Anything on the menu is pretty much amazing. I love you Farolito
Forget about all of the other so-so taquerias in SF, This place has everything that I look for in a burrito joint, cheap, fast, and effing delicious. I almost hate writing a 5 star review on this place cause I'd hate to have the lines longer than they already are but these guys deserve 10 stars. Thanks Farolito.
Hmm, if I had written this review last night, after bar hopping in the Mission for four hours, it probably would have been a 5-star rating. Thankfully, I have a liver the size of a small toaster and so have now sobered up, enabling me to write a more insightful review...El Farolito is great if you're in the 'hood and hankering for some late-night Mexican. They've got the basic menu covered: burritos, tacos, tortas, quesadillas... plus this ridonkulous creation called a super suiza -- it's like a giant quesadilla on steroids, and it's coming for your arteries. Ruuunnn!!!! Seriously, I've gotten this a few times and it's gone from being the "best thing I ever put in my mouth" (thoroughly hammered when making this proclamation), to "ehh, not as good as I remember it being" (slightly less drunk), to "eew! I can't take another bite, this is so gross!" (uh, you guessed it, sober). The food is totally edible, and may sometimes the "best thing you ever put in your mouth" - it just depends on how drunk you are... which is more likely than not.
I used to revere this place, and they have helped nourish me. I think I might have been misguided. During this past weekend, we decided to take a weekend trip to SF. On a dark, HOT, and fun night; we decided for El Faralito!After encountering a drunk girl, who was biting random people's sandwiches, and spilling bbq sauce all over her chesticles, we finally ordered. A regular burrito, no beans, and avacado. It was bad at first bite. I was really sad. I have fond memories of this place, and they have let me down. I'm not sure if being in LA has tainted my palate, or if their quality has gone down. I'd rather believe the latter. I'm still in denial, but I'll probably give you another chance. Until next time, Light House.
Tremendously average. If you want a burrito that tastes like almost every other burrito in California, this is your place.
If you are in San Francisco, before you go to the Wharf, before you go to the Golden Gate, go here. Fill your belly up with some real California love. This is amazing food at a great price, and did I mention the food is made with LOVE!? Do It
Service - 2 starsFood - 3 starsI was surprised to find that this place charges 50 cents for chips and salsa. I do not know why their other store, located in South San Francisco, provides chips and salsa for free, but this restaurant charges for chips and salsa!2 stars for the service. The cashier did not count my change in front of me, and I had to ask the cashier exactly how much change I was owed (since he did not punch in the exact amount I gave him into his cash register). Also, this place is CASH ONLY. The South San Francisco location takes credit cards.3 stars for the food. I prefer the South San Francisco location better for the reason I stated above.
Quintessential mexican food for the 1:00am, post-clubbing/drinking crowd in the city.It's really good! I came in expecting another run of the mill tacqueria, but I ended up wanting more! I got the super shrimp burrito and it was your standard size super burrito. It was juicier than other burritos, but it had so much flavor!Get here early or else you'll be waiting in line.
Holy Giant Burrito! This place was fantastic -- I really can't say enough good things. It's open till the asscrack of 3 or 4 am, the food is delicious, the portions are ginormous (even for my vegetarian amigo), and the service was fast. I had the Suiza quesadillas, which were actually too much food for me.Then, while we're waiting the few minutes for our food, this ridiculously loud Mariachi music starts piping through the speakers, making the experience complete for us. I'll be sure to go back again when I'm in town.The only downside would be the disgusting state of their bathroom -- I'd try to avoid it at all costs, but it's what you'd expect from a dive.
YUM: Quesadilla Suiza with steak! I luv you! O the ooey gooey melted cheese, the nicely flavored steak, the glob of sour cream oozing out with every bite, the guacamole that adds a touch of color, and the grilled flour tortilla that encases all these deliciousnesses(yes, I just created a new word) into what one can only describe as...perfection. NOT SO YUM: Crispy tacos. A taco is not complete without cheese, salsa, and beans, which were all MIA. The meat was dry and lacked flavor. I might try the soft tacos next time instead.
This is the best veggie burrito in town. Hands down! They're super fast and friendly, despite always having a line to the door. This is where I insist on taking all of my out of town visitors to lunch for a taste of San Francisco!
super burritttoooooooO!
Overall: 5Best burrito I've ever had. Can't wait to go back.Food: 5I was a little hesitant to order the chile rellano super burrito because it might be "too much." No way. It was crucial. It lived up to the hype.Service: 5Friendly and fast. Expect long lines.Decor: 2Small and cramped. Some ghetto ass fools and wannabees roll up in here a lot so keep your donkey radar on. Value: 5I skipped dinner because the burrito was so filling. 2 super burritos and 2 drinks set me back 14 bucks and some change.
I feel like every time I venture into the mission, I end up at El Farolito's. Not giving this place 5 stars was probably the hardest thing I've ever done. In general the quality of food is the 100% end all most important thing about a Mission mexican food place. You're never going to get amazing service, and hey... that would probably take away from the experience anyway.Whenever I go to a new Mexican place, I always order my staple; A super burrito with Carne Asada. Hard to screw up, it gives places a chance to impress me, along with a nice way to compare one place to the next.  The first time I went here, they ended up losing my order. I sat for a good 20 minutes, while i watched order after order come up without mine. Finally I said something, and was taken aback by just how rude the worker there was (not the guy at the register, he was awesome).  After getting three "it's comings" from this guy, I finally made it to the register. They took care of me, and lo and behold I had my beloved burrito.The Burrito was freaking amazing. Ginormous, juicy and delicious, it satisfied every possible purpose a burrito could have (for me at least) and then a little more. The tacos are also damn good, and if you're feeling expecially unhealthy you should try a super quesadilla. From a food quality/taste perspective this is easily the best burrito in the Mission. Now if only they'll fire that little rude punk, I'd give them the 5 stars they truly deserve!
EVERYTHING HERE IS A-F*CKING-MAZING. THE END.The al pastor just bursts with flavor & spices, without being overpowered by them. And all the meats have the delicious charred crust on the outside. Absolutely perfect. My mouth is watering just writing this review.
Wow. The super suiza was SO GOOD. Something about that lightly fried and crispy tortilla outside, and the so-good cheese and flavorful steak that they use.After 2 fish tacos (homemade by Min L & co), I came here and ate half a super suiza and then half another suiza after intense deliberation over whether or not to sacrifice my discipline for a few yummy bites of quesadilla. Guess what won.
So full, from a quarter of a burrito.Stop your belly aching about the 50 cent chips. I've seen you fill up water cups with their free salsa bar. That my friends is worth more than fifty cents. I'm just sayin. I'm a heat junkie but seriously? C'mon! The burritos here are as good as the reviews say. Excellent ratios, distribution and flaky tortillas. Hot all the way through with melty cheese and succulent avocados. Damn good salsa - ended up needing another beer before we even got the burritos they had such a nice kick. Cheap too! Especially when you consider it's 2 or 3 meals. Nice diverse crowd, friendly and efficient staff. I will be back.
By Far the best taqueria in San Francisco. It also as the most bang for the buck at just under 7 dollars it fill you up and leaves you satisfied. It is also open until very late night which is food for those after clubbing / bar hopping nights. I wouldn't go anywhere else in mission but here.Only problem is this place is always full even at 2 am in the morning!
Nothing really that I can add that you don't already know about this place... it's the king of burritos joints.
Omg my new favorite mexican restaurant in sf!!! hands down......my shrimp quesadilla was to die for, and my chicken nachos was freaking delicious... wait a moment so I can swallow my saliva writing down this review.... the red hot sauce is delicious and the horchata is a little overly sweet, but that's the way I prefer it!!!!!!!! When people told me the mission was the up and coming place, I didn't know they meant the food..... seriously... delicious!!
The food is so good here that I can be in the Castro at 1:00am without a bus pass and way too many drinks in, heading back toward the Haight to go home, and still think "Mission and 24th isn't THAT far out of the way".For me it's all about the quesadilla Super Suiza, but the tostadas are also a thing of beauty.
Best burritos I've had yet. I've had al pastor, carne asada, and the combo shrimp and carne asada burritos. I've also had quesadilla super suiza and super tacos. All of it is so fucking good, and it's open so late.So why not 5 stars? First of all, their chips are awful and they charge you extra for them. Second of all, when I had some guests in town and really wanted to show them how awesome these burritos are, we hailed a cab in pouring rain and got here at 2:40 (20 mins before closing time) and the fatass rent-a-cop wouldn't let us in. I know it's not the security guard's decision, but I don't know why the management would start turning people away 20 minutes before closing, that's bullshit.
Mexican Coke in recycled glass bottles! My absolute number-one favorite drink in the whole wide world! Throw one of those bad boys in with your shrimp super burrito order, and you've got yourself a perfect lunch for about $10. And, oh, it IS worth it. The chunks of avocado are large and green (no brown mush in my burrito, unless it's bean-related). All the salsa options are tasty, fresh, flavoriffic. Those little shrimpies are piping hot, and the burrito makers aren't stingy with them. They'll also bring you your order if you don't hear them screaming your number. And they have a juke box. The makings of a great late-night post bar crawl snack translate pretty well over to weekend lunch. Another brownie point -- my stomach never regrets this burrito after a couple hours.
The burritos here are huge, meaty and tasty! And the quesadillas are also huge, and sooo cheesy delicious. You won't leave here dissatisfied because the portions are hefty and the price is right. Plus, I love that you can watch them making your burritos - it's hard to trust that your burrito-maker is putting everything you want in there, so to watch them do it is comforting. It's also authentic and the people who work there are gems - always inviting and happy to make you a meal!It's also convenient to get to - right off the BART. Easy to access, filling, and cheap? That's hard to beat! Only a couple cons: One time the bf said his chicken burrito was too salty, and the place is a hole-in-the-wall. Definitely wipe down your booth before you sit down and make sure you watch where you step because I doubt the floors are swept or mopped often.
Whenever I came in here I got there super burrito and it was first rate. It was a good size and was very filling. I love a Mexican restaurant that can make good horchata. Some places make their horchata really watery with no taste but the horchata here has a good taste and isn't watery. This is certainly a place I will keep coming back to when I am in the mood for a good burrito in the Mission.
El Farolito! My man really loves this place so I decided to join him and try it out. I've been here a few times since. The burritos are delicious and so are the quesadilla's. The agua frescas are not to watered down and not too sweet. Prices are cheap of course. They also have a juke box filled with espanol canciones which I LOVE! THe place is always packed so good luck getting a seat when it is. The staff are quick. The chips and salsa are okay. This is the only place I've seen with hole grilled jalapenos on their salsa bar but then again I don't exactly look for them at the other places. Salsa bar doesn't really have a mild salsa so I can't partake too much in the salsa. But with being said, mi restaurante favorita es Los Coyotes. They just have more selection and also Carne Asada Fries.
Best burritos in the city hands down. I'm a southern california native and pride myself on having access to the best mexican food outside of mexico. So when I say this, its not some midwest yuppie raving over some meal that they've only had once.This place is legit. The burrito was cheap, relative to all the other places in the mission, and the ingredients where very traditional. This meaning that the meat was flavorful but not too seasoned, the salsa and avocado was fresh and actually added to the flavor, and the rice and beans where how they should be -- fatty and swimming in flavor (lard). All in all this hands down the best burrito I've had in the city and one of the top places in the bay area. You wouldn't go wrong enjoying the atmosphere on a weekday afternoon or stumbling in at 2 in the morning on a weekend night.
Loved this place!!! Perfect little place for some good food. Quesadilla suiza with carne asada, super nachos with carne & carne asada burrito is what we ordered and it was Delicious!!! Friendly staff, quick service!!! The agua frescas were the bomb. Fresa & horchata so flavorful! Definitely come back again!!
I'm convinced that Farolito stands for ass on fire. My insides are hatin' life today. I feel like I got gang-raped by an angry group of jail lesbians with a mop handle & an anal fetish.It's been a while since I splurged on a taquerian-style burrito, but last night, I was near this place and had to give it a go.The tortilla chips make me want to kick their tiny, lil, brown asses. Cmon, really? Store bought chips at authentic taquerias make me crazy angry. But, the Al Pastor was perfect and their (whole) beans were nice and smooshy (even though I hate whole beans).This was my last Al Pastor burrito of 2008 and I think it was a fine way to escort me to the burrito wagon (and to the bathroom about 15 mother fucking times!). I can't seem to get this song out of my head now: youtube.com/watch?v=Qz-JAye dios mio!
It's about time I write a review for El Farolito. I've been going to this place for almost 10 years. Most of my friends convert to El Farolito's fans after trying once or couple times. I always get burrito from this place and the burrito never fails to satisfy my appetite every time. The rice is always seasoned perfectly. Not to dry or too wet like any other burrito. Their green salsa is the best. It's so good, I can just drink it from the cup. The orchata is good, their OJ is fresh.. What else can I say.. I love love this place. Although, the place is a little small for group. Most of the time it's crowded too. But, why should I find another place when this place is already so satisfying.
we ordered the lengua super burrito and carnitas taco... the lengua burrito was a miss but the carnitas taco was awesome! note to self, dont order anything too exotic. the lengua wasn't flavorful so i was disappointed. next time i'm headed for the carne asada taco!
This place reminds me of being a little kid and going to my neighborhood taqueria, it's authentic and makes good food, cheap food. They make the best CARNE ASADA BURRITO! It doesn't need all the frills of avocado, sour cream, salsa or cheese. I enjoy it with just rice, REFRIED BEANS, and the OMFG GOOD CARNE ASADA...Good chips and unlimited salsa bar! What more do you need?
I judge Mexican restaurants by how good their salsa/chips are and/or their burritos. The chips/salsa pass the grade here but not the greatest. The burritos on the other hand, are my all-time favorite. They're a hefty size, reasonably priced, and delicious. The carne asade, pollo, carnitas, and el pastor burritos are all delightful. I'm now stuck on their Super Quesadillas with carne asada. The place is usually crowded, especially after hours. It's not the cleanest place and on occasions can have some unruly folks messin' around in there, but hey, what do you expect? It's in the Mission on 24th no less. I think it's better than Taqueria Cancun and 9 out of 10 times I will opt to go here than Cancun.
El Farolito serves the best carne asada burritos in San Francisco, hands down.Being a Tex-Mex, I have high standards when it comes to Mexican food. The burritos here are like nothing I've ever tasted. The carne asada is cooked just right (and right before your eyes). You choose whatever you want on your burrito.The restaurant is tiny and ordering and waiting for your order can be a pain, especially when it's crowded. Depending on when you go, you might be able to score a table. I've noticed if you sit-in, your order arrives much faster than if you order to go.I also love that this place is open into the wee hours of the morning.Tip: Skip the chips (an extra .50). They are bland. If chips are a must and you're eating with friends, buy a bag of Mission Tortilla chips down the block at Walgreens. They taste a lot better.
On our mini food crawl we shared a carne asada burrito with everything on it. The beef was GRISLY! NOOO!!!!However, the burrito as a whole was really well put together and pretty darn good, especially since I haven't had a burrito in what seems like ages. Service is pretty friendly here, and there's a decent amount of seating. I'd come back for a pork burrito since the last time I came, I remember that it was really good and didn't have tough pieces the way the steak did this time around.
Their burritos are just darn tasty.  They earn a rare 4 stars from me on just overall savory goodness. Good value and open late. My critiques would be that I wish their service was a bit quicker (but I suppose they are on par with most places so maybe this is just commentary on the modern burrito servicing macrocosm) and their salsas could use a real kick in the-. If they had Papalote's salsa, this place would be - ~ `*MAGICAL*` ~ - !!! I will say that my 4 stars may be skewed towards a local slant. If you are from say San Diego, or i dunno MEXICO, you are obviously going to have a different view on what a burrito should taste like so as my own buyer beware, my rating is strictly from a Mission Burrito perspective. Also, as they are open late, I think a lot of their reviews were make by overly happy drunk patrons and if you are a overly happy drunk patron, these burritos just taste that much better so for a lot of those 5 star reviews (i know some people give them out like candy), you can assume the +1 star because "i was sooooo druuuunk and it was sooooo goooood." seriously, they need better salsa.
Burrito Aficionado. When this magazine finally comes out, there better be a cover story about El Farolito. This burrito is the truth. If someone asked me "where do I find the best burrito in the mission and if I can only go to one spot. where should it be?" El Farolito is my answer. If you must stray outside the burrito realm, the super quesadilla is a force to be reckoned with. For added ambiance I recommend eating outside on the benches in front of the 24th St. Bart stop.As you eat your burrito and nurse it with a coke in a bottle, you and your dining companions are serenaded to the sweet sounds of a crackhead giving you his own special rendition of 'scat man'. scitty bitty bop, scitty bitty bop, funky funky!Good times.
The world's greatest burrito, and the best thing I have ever eaten.
EL FAROLITO OMG YER SO YUMMY.It was a boring night, and it was getting late. My friends wanted to go on a late night burrito run, and although my stomach was full at capacity, I agreed to go, because they promised me I would not regret it.They only just kind of knew where it was, as the times they have went, they had been given directions with someone else in the car with them. We headed down Mission on a GPS system that only lead us to some other El Farolito on Mission."WTF THIS ISN'T IT!!!", my friends exclaimed in a heated passion. Of course, there are only 1348234923 other Mexican places on Mission. Of course.We call the number of what we think is the El Farolito we're looking for - they give us an address number. Our GPS denies the number so we assume maybe for some god made reason, this place is actually on Mission in Daly City, as our GPS system wants us to believe.No, the GPS just wants us to go to Colma and go inside one of the 43284234 mausoleum and funeral homes in Colma. Mission and 24th. A feeling like in Harold &amp; Kumar Go to White Castle. Golden ticket. Golden burrito. Super burrito with steak. $5.75.First bite in: I wait a minute, chewing carefully. I say to my friend, "this is hella good."Another bite, another minute: "this is soooo fucking good".I wasn't even hungry but I ate the whollleeeee thing. With salsa and chips.Yes, there were sketch ass people there, but what else would you expect from a joint that closes at 3 am?
I think this place is only good if you are drunk. I was DD so I brought my friends here and I didn't find the food very good. However, I am glad they were open late so my friends got some food in their stomach before we all went home.
Coming back from a late night after the San Francisco International Film Festival, my friend and I were hungry and in search of any place that was still open. He told me about a little taqueria he and his wife went to a while back in the Mission. The crowds waiting outside at that late hour told me everything I need to know. This is clearly not a place for the health conscious, because no health freak eats at a late night taqueria, which also told me that things here would most likely be covered in cheese with lots of meat and delicious hot sauces. My instincts were right! This place is awesome and the food was delicious. While your scale won't thank you, your taste buds will.
Tasty food! In love with the beef tongue burrito. I don't think I need to say more after 2000+ reviews!
You want to find a good buffet? Look for a lot of semi-old, American-made cars with handicap stickers. Old people = good buffet. Want to find a good taqueria? Start experimenting, Betsy, because there are a lot of them. But figuring that the buffet rule would work for Mexican food by looking for a lot of Hispanics and Hipsters instead of geriatrics and diabetics works as well. Or (as in my case), get a burner friend who keeps a live/work in the Mission District. But make sure they're a foodie first.Yeah, pretty much the default place when in for Mission Mexican. That's a lofty statement, because The Mission has a ton of yummy food, but this place is the gastrointestinal equivalent of binge drinking.Their burritos are the best I've found in the Mission and that's saying a lot. Their quesadillas are phenomenal as well. But what gets me is the Super Nachos. I *can't* order super nachos anywhere else because it feels like I'm cheating on them. Remember when you were starving in a dorm room and decided to make nachos by putting everything on so much as a nodding acquaintance with Mexican cuisine on a bunch of tortilla chips and throwing it on the hot plate for ten minutes? You'd get this four pound plate of goo that would feed you and two friends for the entire game? They're like that, only better balance of ingredients, real avocados, and no tobasco sauce. Since I'm only in the Mission once or twice a year I'm pretty screwed when it comes to nachos. Fortunately I'm working an escrow there right now so for the next couple of months I'll get one or two more chances to get the super nachos.The food is prepared pretty much in front of you. They have Jarritos, Mexican Coca-cola, and standard canned fare, so their attention is on the food (as it should be). Don't be intimidated by the portion size (huge), just ask for some tin foil or a ToGo box (they're used to it).
This is the place to get REAL mexican food! The price is not bad for the portions they give. My favorite are the quesadillas, no other place makes it like them. The nachos are pretty awesome too.
I'm from SoCal and have had burritos there but they don't compare to el farolito carne asade super burrito. Mmm the carne asade the guac. Ive decided My last meal is going to be a carne asade super burrito from here.
I'm really full right now, and can't write more. It's good. Go and be happy like me.
Great foOd! Green sauce and chips is good!
Carne Asada Burrito. Heaven.
For this price, it is the best restaurant in the City. The food is authentic and excellent. The portions are humongous! We ordered too much food. We even offered to give some of it to a homeless dude who was begging for change, but he was picky at what we had, and then he had the balls to tell me he didn't eat off of other peoples' plates. [[[[[[[[[[TANGENT]]]]]]]]]   What's that you say? You don't have your own home or a kitchen or your own dishes, but you refuse to eat off of my plate? Isn't that one of the prerequisites for being an awesome homeless bro? So we bought him his own taco, they gave him a free soda, then he tried to tell us WE owed them $2 for it.  I said "Today is your lucky day, paisa. You got a free taco and YOU only have to pay for a soda! Now sit at my table and eat my leftovers like I know you are going to as soon as I leave." So we boxed up our food, leaving the lettuce, the cebollitas, a chile relleno, and some beans. He sat and macked. We ended up giving some Season's Greetings to each other later in the hour. Oh, Mission.[[[[[fade in to review]]]]]They offer great value for perfect food. Sodas- Jarritos & Mx Coke & Senoral, Mx beers, all kinds of Mx food options, great salsas!, and all the food makes for great leftovers... ***************TIP: We sat at the table right across from the register, when nobody was there. Soon after we ordered, and we were all situated with the nios, the line formed, and a lot of asses were in our faces. Good thing I sat against the wall and made my mother-in-law sit on the outside. Great move.
My friends and I came here the other night because It got great ratings on yelp... but we were a little disappointed... I got the carne asada super burrito and one of my friends got the chicken tacos... we thought they were a little dry and bland... I mean.. they were not bad... we just had high expectations and was a bit let down...although i did love that they had avocados in the burrito! The salsa could be better also... I love the prices here.. very cheap for burritos!I think another attempt at this place is a must since everyone is raving it on yelp.. perhaps I just need to try something else on the menu...
YUM!!!this place is crackin. love the food hear, hate the lines. this place is always busy, but thats because they have one of the best burritos in the city plus they stay open late.
Best post party drunk eats! Who doesn't love some greasy, flavorfull cheap Mexican food! I frequent this place after long nights of dancing and let me tell you, it's amazing! I always ordered the Quesdilla - packed with goodness. Portions are pretty big - enough for two, if you're a girl (me!). Don't be surprise if there's a line out the door during nightfall - it's definitely worth zee wait!
El Farolito OBV doesn't need my review, but... I don't know what it is, but they got it going on! Who cares if the local skin flakin' homeless guy (who gets way too close to me) is there EVERY time I am... It just adds to the El Farolito experience. The food is amazing, their open late, and it's right by the Bart.There would be no Chipotle without this place. ENOUGH SAID.
maybe we had high expectations due to all the reviews but it would of probably been a better idea to go in after a long night or drinking like most of the reviewers sound like. the carne asada plate: the meat was over all not that great, the green onions were almost the best thing on the plate next to the rice. horchata: ok, but a little grainy al pastor tacos: good size but packaged to go a lil messy. quick service, convenient parking, a lot of homeless people or whoever they are.... overall not the worst Mexican in the city but not deserving of 4 1/2 stars
El Farolito means "the little lighthouse" in Spanish. Yeah, the place looks seedy and scary, they probably have a resident rat or two, and the restrooms are very sketchy, but this place makes some pretty good tacos, burritos, and other kinds of Mexican food. And this is coming from someone who's Mexican and grew up with eating Mexican food. Everything is fresh and they have all kinds of meat grilling all day long (although they do probably use lard). Very cheap, and they are open very late. On the two occasions I've been here, the line has stretched out the door, and it was hard to find a table. 2 a.m. to 3 a.m. is particularly busy. Staff is nice, and they even come searching for you when you don't respond because you can't hear your number being called. They have Mexican Coca-Cola (which has a sort of cult following because it is sweetened with sugar and has a more natural taste than US Coca-Cola). It is also very convenient to the 24th Street Mission BART station. So you don't have to walk very far after stuffing your tummy with food from El Farolito.
Food is always amazing and extremely cheap. Prepared to wait in line but its worth the line. The area isnt so great and parking is kinda of hard to find.
Late night affair... a never fail go to spot where your food is always on hit. The wait and seating can be a bummer but hey your not the only one coming out of the bars/lounge/club a drunken mess looking for delicious food to pacify the alcohol.
Although I prefer La Taqueria, it's seemingly never open when I'm in the mission so El Farolito is often my late-night burrito of choice. The line is quick, the place is clean enough, and the burritos will not leave you wanting. Of all the decisions you can make late at night in the mission, El Farolito is generally the among the better.
One of the classic Mission District taqueras. Dirty, dark, cramped, and filled with amazing smells of simmering meat. By far this is my favorite place to go for burritos in the City. Additionally, at just over $5 for the regular burrito and $6 for the super, it's a bit cheaper than many other places, where you tend to pay a bit extra for spacious, well-lit, interiors (such as at El Toro).The beer selection, home-brewed horchatas, and mexican cokes in the fridge are the perfect compliment to the meal.Food highlights-  They make some of the best al pastor I've had outside of a Mexico City street corner. It's flavorful, tender, and tastes like it's been simmering all day. Wonderful. The shrimp for the burritos is grilled, but not overcooked, and seems to pop when you bite into one. A bit more expensive than the basic meat fillings, but definitely worth it.Food Cons-  No real cons. Their carnitas are a bit bland, but the rest of the fillings are definitely up to par.Other notes- The fact that I live a mile away and they're open late for late-night runs will probably have an adverse effect on my waistline. It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
with the 2000 plus reviews, does mine really matter? I felt left out so I thought I just add my two cents. I came here twice in my entire life both times following my good friend "Sandee L."(if you see her review, you know we have different types of tastes buds). A New York-er now she will travel cross country for great Mexican Food and this place is on her must list. Hmmm I tried the burrito, the nachos..I dunno...it's never something I really truly enjoyed here. It really grossed me out seeing some guy basically washing his finger tips while getting salsa...basically whatever he was pouring into the little mini containers washed through his fingers holding the container back into the salsa bowl. Who knows where those fingers have been! And to add to that my new Prada heels got stuck in the ghetto floor crack of this place. SO MAD!I know out of sight out of mind is the mantra eating at these places..but everything was in my sight! Not trying to be a diva..as I am pretty usually low key about things..but I really don't like eating at dirty places that are super crowded with drunk people at 2 in the morning =(.
If I could eat a burrito from El Farolito daily without jeopardizing my workout body, I would totally go for it. This is my favorite taqueria to hit up when I feel like cheating on my diet a bit. It's delicious and affordable - hands down. And they take card?! I wouldn't even think twice about going here if I decide to have Mexican that evening.
This is THE PLACE for good authentic Mexican food or a late night snack in the Mission. You can watch the guys prepare the food as you hungrily wait in line.I had cravings every time I've tried this place.Quesadillas - I've never really thought much about quesadillas before...but my view change after el farolito. Their quesadilla is SERIOUSLY GOOD...and they put tons of stuff in this.Shrimp Burrito - I can't believe I actually ate a whole one myself but it's really good with their fresh salsa. Super Crispy Carne Asada Taco - I tried this for the first time recently and instantly became a fan. It was huge and filled with meaty goodness and trimmings.This place always has a long line and is a little cold because the doors are always open. The seating area is nothing to write home about but the food is good and authentic.
my favorite burrito place ever! I am a burrito connoisseur and this is by far the best place to get a asada burrito. I also rarely ever give 5 stars! strawberry juice! whoop!
Well over 1000 reviews? Do I really need to add my 2 cents?Claro que si, guey.This is my go-to burrito joint. I can always count on these guys being open and turning out yummy yum burritos, platos, nachos, quesadillas, etc. into the wee hours of the morning. I can also always count on the freaking line to be out the door. Silly people have tried to lead me astray but I always return. THE RUNDOWN:Dirt cheap pricesYumtastic foodGenerous on the queso and avoAguas frescasLate night hoursMexican polka music BLARINGhell yea.CASH ONLY Snooty-poo people need not apply.
I got a text from my friend saying "Do you want to get In N Out when you arrive in San Francisco?" I was like..um no! I want something I can only get in San Francisco. Thank you yelp for not failing me! I have to say, this place has the best chorizo I've ever had in my life. This is not an exaggeration...I always get chorizo whenever I get mexican food, and I guess you just can't go wrong in the Mission. Wow. I was still thinking about my chorizo burrito a good 48 hours after I had it...so I went back and got another one of them. Sadly my trip wasn't long for me to try other things on the menu, but from what I see on Yelp, as well as the long line out of the door, it probably means everything else is really good.
*NEWS ALERT: This is a 'TAQUERIA', not a full-service mexican restaurant... Don't order the 'carne asada' or other more involved plates... Instead, go to an authentic, full-service, sit-down, mexican restaurant...[just like one goes to Mcdonals for something quick, like burgers and fries right?]And to those 'VEGGIE' idiots that come to a 'TAQUERIA' and not want meat in your meal..... are you stupid or what??? *** blowhorn to your skull: 'YOU ARE IN A TAQUERIA...NOT A VEGGIE RESTAURANT'!** I HOPE I HAVE HELPED CLEARED ALL THIS UP!I CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT I READ IN THOSE RIDICULOUS YELP REVIEWS...Now with the review: I ordered the 'al pastor' burrito, only $4.50, and it's hands down the best in s.f.! The meat is moist, and not dry like other 'taquerias'. And the condiments are yummy fresh. It was definitely worth the wait... I waited 10 minutes in line to order, and another 15 minutes to wait.... dang, a whole 25 minutes for a burrito??? the answer is ... yup, this burrito.So stop your 'GIRLIE' whining about incorrect 'VEGGIE' meals, about drunk people waiting in line, about smelling some inferior smells... Go somewhere else and pay lots of money for over-priced Mexican quick meals..... GET IT??? FINALLY????.... or better yet, move to the dam suburbs... yiiiiks!
*Disclaimer - Cash only and the place is narrow. * If you're not claustrophobia, someone who likes carrying cash versus your ATM debit card and love Mexican food - this is the spot to go. I'm writing this review as I am chowing down on a Super Carne Asada Quesadilla. The succulent and juicy strips of beef combined with the flavors of guacamole, cheese, sour cream, salsa wrapped in a flour tortilla melt together in my mouth so perfectly. Ahh, I love the quesadilla so much I want to make out with it forever. YES...I LOVE IT THAT MUCH! While there maybe a lot of taquerias in the mission district, you have to give this place it's due credit. Great food, it's open late, and to the average person jonesin' for good Mexican food this place is awesome.
Way way more expensive than the El Farolito in the excelsior. This location had the same cooking style, the same food, basically was the same restaurant at a higher price. At $2.25 for a taco, it was ridiculous! Comparable places in Oakland are $1 for a taco, and the excelsior El Farolito is only $1.75. Nonetheless, the food was good. The al pastor is always amazing at any El Farolito location. The carne asada was also divine.
Yeah, as far as 2am fare goes this place is the bee's knees! You can go there anytime of day with any kind of mood but the only thing that is absolutely necessary is hunger. You gotta be hungry! That will make this place even better. Caution: Do not go alone; you need back-up to help you finish the portions they serve and an excuse to get a variety of items. My girls and I usually go for the Super Chix Nachos, Super Quesadilla Suiza w/ carne asada, extra chips and tumblers full of their green salsa! Someone usually gets a burrito and I always get their fresh carrot and orange juice. Year round, oranges are sweet at this establishment. A Mission staple since I was 10! I still remember the taste of that first burrito al pastor... I want one right now!
I went into El Farolito to try some authentic Mexican food in the Mission. My mainstays for Mexican are very good, but I was in the mood for something truly different.We ordered the Super Quesadilla Suiza, Camarones al Mojo de Ajo, and the Chicken Nachos. The steak quesadilla had meat, tomatoes, onion, sour cream, cheese, and fresh avocado. Yes, avocado is used here -- no guacamole here since there is enough sour cream in the quesadilla. This is delicious and served with refried beans & corn tortilla chips! The camarones (garlic shrimp) was also good w/ refried beans & chips, but the salad served with it was only ok as the dressing was meh. When we dove into the chicken nachos, the plate is huge and had to be saved for leftovers. There was a lot of chicken, chips, sour cream, avocado, tomato, onions and refried beans.This is the place where Spanish is the first language. When ordering, you are given a number for your order. The numbers are called in Spanish for the regulars, but I fortunately know enough Spanish to recognize my number veintiocho ("28"). But when my order was ready, they said "number 28".  Shucks, maybe next time it will be in Spanish.Can you tell I'm a fan of El Farolito?
Best Mexican joint in the city, hands down. Always have had a great experience here and having grown up eating El Farolitos, nothing else compares.Since I don't live in the area anymore... I still think its worth it to haul my butt all the way out there for an AWESOME carne asada burrito.
When we moved to SF, I was told to go to the Mission for a burrito. Since I am not much of a burrito fan, I ordered the super quesadilla suiza with steak. The other half ordered a chicken super burrito. We got it to go, as we had the dogs. I also was not as comfortable sitting in the restaurant wondering when the last time the chefs washed their hands. my to go bag felt like it was 5 pounds.The quesadilla was greasy, warm and delicious. The steak blew the chicken away. We will return to try the rest of the menu.And it's cash only.
Adequate veggie burrito. I wasn't drunk.
So effing good. Get the super veggie burrito.
My most favorite go-to place to satisfy my cravings post-clubbing/partying night in the city!! their Super Suiza Quesadilla is the most orgasmic food you can get post-drinking. I always either get the carne asada or chicken, they put so much stuff (guac, cheese, sour cream, etc) in there its just amazing. i havent found anywhere else that could beat this place.
I've tried a lot of places in the Mission over the last fifteen years--and none of them standout like El Farlito. Great prices, great selection, and just great.The Al Pastor is my favorite. I usually get a burrito, but when I'm up for the challenge (as it is massive) I'll order the super quesdilla. I had a friend from New Mexico, who's lived in SF now for three years. He never understood my hyping of burritos in SF until he took his friend from Mexico to El Farltio (after I persisted). He told me his friend said this was the most authentic meat he'd had in the US and well--my friend now goes to El Farlito regularly.SFCritic
Carne asada burrito was jammed pack with tastiness. I enjoyed the free salsa bar and I did not get the chips since the burrito was already big itself. The service was really friendly and I got my food within 6 minutes. Definitely one of the best burritos I had in SF.
+ quesadillas: delicious!!! no complaints! (but my favorite is still La Bamba)+ even though the line is long, it's amusing to watch the swift assembly line churning out deliciousness
Hands down the BEST burrito is at El Farolito. I will drive over the bridge just to get the Carne Asada Super Burrito. I'm a huge burrito fan and I have yet to eat something better in the Bay Area. They grill the tortilla after they fill it so the outside gets crispy. Yum!
It's no big mystery why people crave Mexican food after a long night of partying and drinking. It's cheap, it's delicious, and all the grease and fat in it dilutes quite remarkably well with that 5th (or was it the 6th?) shot of Patron. And when you're drunk, food tastes just so much better. Nonetheless, my two trips to El Farolito have been sober affairs. Now, a true testament to good Mexican food is when you're eating it at 2AM and are 100% sober. On my first trip there, I inhaled a carne asada taco. Now, this was a taco. It wasn't cheap and flimsy like what you get at Chevy's. It was a beautiful work of art and boy, do I love art. And then I ate a bite of the Super Quesadilla Suiza. I'm not sure if it was the fact that some guy I've only met twice hand-fed it to me, or the fact that it was just a damn good quesadilla, but wow, my stomach was in heaven. Second time around, went back for a Super Quesadilla and it was just as good. So yes, folks, when food tastes this good even while sober, it definitely screams "repeat purchase!"
Holy crap. I don't know WHAT THE HELL they put in the super suiza carne quesadilla but it may have been one of the most awesome things I've ever tasted. Too bad I didn't order it and only got to eat a third of my girlfriend's. Note... do NOT order the regular quesadilla. Go for the super suiza. It's prepared completely differently and the taste is on another level.
This should be a haven to anyone that considers themselves unpretentious foodies. This place is a total dive that makes excellent Mexican food. I've been going here for years and haven't ever had anything bad yet. The Salsa Verde is excellent and watch out for the Jalapenos because they are the real thing, spicy like I remember them as a kid. This place is open late but if you want to come here after the bars close I suggest you leave the bar early because this place get's a long line.This place only should rate four stars but once years ago I was in there when someone pulled a gun on another customer, I think some line jumping might have started it. Having that story alone deserves the extra star.
So I just left here about an hour ago and decided to wait until I got back to my hotel to dig in. I ordered a regular veggie burrito which was the size of Chipotle's golden burrito if not bigger. God speed to the people who order the super burrito! I was full about three quarters into it. I also ordered a carne asada taco. Neither of my items were bad, they were tasty. After eating at east la's Al and Bea's I can't go to any other taco spot. I am soo spoiled by them. I wouldn't mind coming back to El Farolito due to it being so close the BART and the great prices. It was pretty packed when I went but the workers are fast. Perhaps a little too fast because they gave me someone else's order. But hey for $5.25 for a regular burrito which is like a super to me, who's complaining?
Love it! Burritos are always enough for lunch and dinner. Well at least thats what i always tell myself. BUT I end up enjoying the whole thing all at once. The Carnitas is the ish, esp with green salsa... Mmmm I'm having a craving!
Tiny place, great Mexican food. I had the burrito and it was delicious and huge. I will definitely be going back here the next time I visit SF.
Really really good super burritos! It's a bit crowded sometimes but well worth it. Before you go remember its CASH ONLY.
A good place to get a burrito and Mexican food on a late night. I usually get chicken burritos, and I grade the quality of the burrito by the moistness of the chicken in a chicken burrito. If it's dry, it's not that great and so far their chicken has been pretty consistently dry. So yeah, it was an ok burrito. Still, they have lots of fun things on the menu and my bf LOVES this place. But then again, he eats anything. P.S. Don't be intimidated by the crowd there (as I first was. Sorry! I'm a Sunset chick ok?? I scare easily...) Everyone there is pretty chill. You won't get hassled or robbed or whatever. Everyone is united by burritos....
One of thee best Mexican places I've eaten at !! My favorite is the the carne asada burrito! Big portions + good price = my tummy and wallet are happy!
The Carne Asada Super Burrito here is solid, and definitely what I'd recommend. Also love how they put slices of avocado in the burritos instead of guacamole.That said, the quality here is often hit or miss, especially the Carnitas which can be a little dodgy from time to time.Better than the other late-night taqueria a few blocks down, and if you keep it simple, you'll do well here.
You do not have to be drunk to love the food at El Farolito. For a quick weekend lunch we had a carne asada super burrito and a quesadilla al pastor. Both were flavorful, succulent treats. They were large too. The salsas for the chips were very fresh and good. The horchata is tasty too.The atmosphere is simple with fast food style booths. Come here for the food, not the ambiance. This is great eats at a great price!
Pretty yummy for norcal mexican! Though, if i stumbled upon this place down south, i'd be mad about the rice and beans in a burrito. If i had to compare it with something, it's like a yummier chipotle.
Hands down best burrito in the Bay. This place is always packed no matter what time of day, and for good reason. Everyone's got their favorite Mexican hole-in-the-wall, especially in the Mission, but El Farolito beats them all! If you are looking for a consistent, generously portioned authentic burrito, look no further.
This place works for me... there are better tasting burritos,tacos, quesedillas,etc.. but its solid and consistent. I'll tend to hit this place up late at night.... been going here for years... ITS WAY BETTER THANthat place on 24th and Valenicia.. that place has FAKE MEXICAN EVERYTHING:D
Among the best mexican in the city.. and its been a favorite late night stop for me since San Francisco became my home in 2001. Tacos, quesedillas, burritos, dinner plates... all top notch.
I'm slow to hit the big Mexican places in this town, being that for so many years after living in San Diego for 4 years, I was constantly disappointed and basically gave up the burrito here. But I have some time on my hand, so I'm trying some out. I had the Super Q Suiza with no sour cream. It was a very nice portion, excellent meat and cheese and nicely grilled flour tortilla. $6 with tax, no drink. My only complaint in the decor of the place. I sort of prefer the more quiet side tacquerias that have nice walls and give you a real plate to eat on vs. a plastic basket with wax paper and have a better salsa bar with descriptions of the salsas. The Super Q really needs more room to expand and it would also be nice if the avocado was on the side or top and if they gave your silverware to eat it with. So I subtract 1 star for this, but it was very good and I'd return again.
The line extending outside and around the corner at all hours of the night should say enough about how good the food is here. My favorites include the carnitas and lengua burritos as well as their quesadillas. I don't think I've ever dined in the actual restaurant itself; the cafeteria-style benches, the cold, and the constant disruption of the crowds of people in line would not make for a pleasant dining experience in my opinion.
I don't know what they do with their meat here. It's so tender, juicy, and amazing. Whether it's a quesadilla or burrito, everything here is delicious. Don't expect anything fancy though - this place looks exactly like it should being on the same block as the 24th street bart station.
WATER ~ Water ~water ~wa ~ter ~100 foods I must try before I die in SF#1 on the 7 best burrito placesi just don't see it. and i didn't get any salsa on my burrito. rice had more oil than most. tasted okay as a whole. the salsa bar needed to be cleaned.
This place was recommended by fellow Yelpers and we were not disappointed. Service was friendly and the food was good. We ordered super nachos but looks like everyone had a super burrito. It looked so good but we weren't that hungry from all the food we ate throughout the whole day. Anyhoos, there was a constant line of people coming in and out which tells us, this place has to be good. The nachos were filled with carne asada, sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, onions, salsa, and much more. The taqueria is not stingy on toppings whatsoever and it's a simple place and it's open late! Go here for any of their foods and you won't be disappointed. You can watch the cooks make your order right in front of you and give them a nice hello for their great work!
Get the Chili Relleno Burrito. It's the best cheese stuffed deep fried pepper stuffed inside a fat burrito with rice and cheese. Don't get the super with sour cream or avo just get it plain for the full flavor of the pepper. Top it off with the awesome green chili sauce, it's not very hot, but it has good flavor. Update: I just ate the best carne asada in the world and it's a El Farolito! SOOOO GOOOOD!There is usually a line out the door but it moves fast. There is usually seating unless it's on a weekend night and the hipsters come out in herds.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!Excellent service. Excellent burritos. Excellent quesadillas (IN FACT MY FAVE!!!). Excellent price. AMAZING salsas that are put out so you can take as much as your heart desires. The chips are perfect too! Not too oily and only 50cents. But if you order a whole bunch of burritos and quesadillas like my friends and I do, the manager (the register guy) tosses in a chip or two for you for free. The aguas frescas are poppin! Real fruit and always fresh *yummmmParking is reasonable. It's SF, what do you expect.The place is reasonable too. Kinda small, but you can always take it to go. It's always packed so be ready to wait a little bit.
This is a totally solid taqueria. They have all their fundamentals down, so even if they don't really excel at anything, you can always count on coming here and being satisfied with your meal.The real reason I choose this from the many taquerias in the mission is that the price is right. About 5 dollars for a regular burrito and about 6 (tax included) for a super. There are a lot of other options, too, but I usually stick to the burritos and tortas.The chips aren't super good and they do charge you for them, but that's acceptable.
i go to this burrito place everytime im in sf. last week i took my brother there for the first time saying how they make the best burritos ever, he concurred!
Open when I need them to be, courteous when I enter with an insane highlighting job gone completely wrong. Pour avocado salsa over everything. That's the green stuff. You pack it to go yourself.Note: Avoid the bathroom.
Came here at 7:30 on a Saturday night; there was a line, but it moved pretty fast. Got the Super Burrito with carne asada. The meat was very tasty; the burrito stuffed with fresh hunks of avocado, about a pint of sour cream, beans, rice and cheese. The burrito alone could probably provide three people with an adequate meal. We got a side of refried beans, which I would recommend over the pinto beans. The chips aren't fantastic - they remind me of the yellow corn chips you can buy from Costco - but who cares? . . . it's not really about the chips.This place is definitely a dive-y, hole in the wall - I went to the bathroom and there were dried flecks of vomit spattering the toilet seat. It will not be the cleanest place you've ever frequented, but I think the slummy atmosphere gives it an air of authenticity.
You might as well throw your diet out the window when you step foot into this taqueria. Coming from a predominantly Mexican town, when you taste Mexican it has to live up to the good 'ol hometown cooking by abuelitas in the back. Though this place is up on my authentic list- why? They serve linguisa & the tortillas are actually cooked on the grill & not in one of those steamer things. After hitting up the clubs in the Mission, it's the spot; & you can always carry on the party because they serve Modelos (or Tecate, Pacifico, Corona- if you're a gringo). I love people watching & you truly see all of San Francisco representing here. If you're in a group, its nearly impossible to sit together so pick your buddy at the entrance.
Ahh, finally I find a burritto place that actually knows how to put together a quality burrito. Fresh soft tortilla, well grilled meat, a good price and an even spread (for some reason the last 3 places I tried were so poorly put together I would get one little chunk of sour cream on the bottom, a piece of avocado on the other side, and a dollop of beans in one bite somewhere in the middle).
Salty meat, cheap prices and questionable sanitation - All the makings of a good burrito. While not the best I have had in the City and a bit bland, it gets a pass.
Too much food for the price. Avocado always ripe. Piping hot delciousness never deceives my memory. I go here again and again, thinking it will get old, but it never does. Oh how I pine for thee, El Farolito!
Lengua burrito is pretty darn good. Maybe need to spread the sour cream around a bit but other than that, great!
Burrito was good, flavorful but also didn't look like the healthiest burrito out there. I would have given them 4 stars but the taste of the burrito was tainted by the smell of pee brought in by a customer, as is typical in san francisco.
Short and Sweet:BEST BURRITO EVER!!!Open until 3am, even if the line is out the door, the food is worth it EVERY TIME!!! I've been in debates that nearly turned physical with certain individuals claiming that San Jose right across the street had the best burrito in town....WRONG!!! San Jose has nothing on El Farolito! And I love the guy who is always there at the register, he rules!
Oh my gosh. the super burrito was so good. Definitely should split this with someone (thus making 6.50/2 = 3.25 hehehe). It tasted like what I dreamed mexican food should taste like. And it doesnt taste heavy at all but you feel the fullness later, trust me. However, I do see a lot of old guys just munch on a burrito by themselves. O_o; my admiration goes to them.
I really wanted to give this place a 5th star, but this visit was a bit disappointing. I'm giving it 4 cause every other time I've come has been amazing, but today my shrimp super burrito was really just ok. Don't know if they've fallen off, but still worth another shot.
For review #1821, I wanted to do something special, like cut to the chase: Go, get in line, order the best burrito in the city, get the salsa verde, eat, lapse into food coma, slouch away, thank heaven that El Farolito is still going strong and plot your next visit. That's all you need to know. Except that it's still cash only. So bring cash. And jukebox money.
I'm a bit confused about the reviews here - I can name at least a dozen better burrito/taco places in the bay area, but unfortunately none of them are open after 2am, and they're not in the mission district either.OK- so the good part. If you have a hangover and have a craving for a cure, this place might due the trick at almost any hour of the day. Let me just say - both the Carnitas and the Carne Asada were nearly indistinguishable eating it in the dark of the night. I expect Carnitas to be slightly crunchy... these were mushy and flavorless.The Carne Asada had no flavor at all... A good Carne Asada should be a nice flank steak that's marinated. These taste worse than my first try cooking a flank steak on my own. No marinade, no flavor at all.The prices are cheap though, and the portions are large - so if you're looking for a place to eat after closing time, this might be your best option. Oh ya and if you're the designated driver and you're getting food for your drunk friend, have some fun! Order a Burrito de Sesos (Cow Brain), Lengua (Cow Tongue... actually not that bad, but a bit chewey), or Cabeza (stewed cow head meat) and don't tell him what he eats til after he's out of your car :)
Good? Authentic? Taco? Too many questions? You get the point
My spot that I usually go to was closed by the time I decided to treat myself. I came across the myriad of reviews left by my fellow yelpers, and decided, "Why the hell not." I'm a quesadilla girl, I know this. Yet still I went back and forth over whether or not I should get the burrito. Remembering that I would be doing squats in the morning and taking the advice of the guy in front of me, I concluded that I had to cut back somewhere. I even thought of a musical piece in my head in ode to Jack White...Say I don't need no rice!But maybe beans on the sideMaybe beans on the sideMaybe beans on the sideIf you work it out rightThen yo' ass won't get wiiiiide!!!My bad, it was late and I didn't want to eat until after I got home. The anticipation was overwhelming!!! So what, I got a little kooky.... The SUPER SUIZA is the SHIZZ! I will definitely have it again. The service was great. Everyone was SUPER NICE. I attempted to finish the second half. After my first bite I decided that I was trippin'. The next thing I knew it was Wednesday morning and my head was wedged between my throw pillow and my couch cushion. I swear I wasn't drinking y'all!
The best burritos in the world. I take people here from out of town and show them this place. Generally, they agree that it's the best. Or I realize that I don't really need to be friends with them anymore.
Wandered upon this place while walking down Mission Jan 1, 09. Huge line outside - either meant this was a great place or one of the only open places open in that area new year's day. Decided to try. Aside: While waiting in line saw some dude outside standing at a bus station collapse onto the road. Luckily (we thought) couple of people infront of us had 'bi-county paramedics' on their shirts and we informed them to this situation. They were hesitant to act as this wasn't their jurisdiction but went to check up on the dude and we tried to help him off the road onto the street. Back in line - took a little while, but worth the wait as couldn't decide on what to get from their extensive menu until standing at the register. Ordered and went in search for tables. Location seemed pretty unclean but I guess expected based on the amount of people in that tiny place and the amount of employees able to do anything. We found a table and pushed aside the mess left on it. Food arrived about 10 mins later - great quality and very large portions for the $.
Best burrito in the mission! It's great when you're drunk and its even better when you're sober. I always get the super burrito with CHORIZO. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Greasy chorio with in the burrito... red grease just seeping out of the tortilla wrap.... it's heaven! I think they have some of the best salsa here.. especially the salsa verde. Don't you hate it when you have to fill up those little dipping cups with the salsa verde? Well this is what i do.. i ask for a plastic cup for water... instead of getting water, i fill up the cup with salsa verde and pour it all over my burrito. DAMN i think i'm going to go to El Farolito right now.
no doubt.
I tried the shrimp super burrito, and it was awesome. The shrimp was really plump and juicy, and the tortillas are great. My friend got the regular shrimp burrito, and I thought it tasted better because the flavors came through more without all the sour cream and salsa drowning the inside. I will definitely be back!
This place is bomb! Especially at 2:15am after a crazy night in the mission! Although at that time of night there will be a line out the door since everyone else knows it too!!
do not go to the one that's nearby safeway, go here.5 words to describe this place: best burrito in the city. i always get the carne asada burrito here and it is YUMMY, the meat is sooo flavorful, if you never had the burrito here, you are missing out.
I dont know about anything else, but Super Chicken Quesadilla = Heaven. Ginormous and delicious.Get some chips and salsa and a bottle of Coke, cuz the real sugar tastes so much better than canned high fructose corn syrup!don't miss out!
This restaurant is legendary. My good friend Paul K. (Not to be confused with the restauranteur) took me here one night after binging on choral music. it does not make sense that this restaurant is as good as it is. But that's simply part of what being legendary is all about.Aw, but back to the legend... people often describe the experience of eating the food here in terms of a taste bud orgasm. I am not kidding when I say this is some of the tastiest food in the entire city... and one of the best values in the city.It also has a legendarily bad health inspection score. Everybody knows this. The line out the door, sometimes obstructing the the entrance of nearby buildings, is comprised of individuals from every walk of life, each of whom knows that El Farolito usually gets in the 60s for its health. But, if you read the health inspection report, you'll actually realize that most of the things they're faulted for really would not concern too many people.There are more "preppy" taco shops, where the food is almost as awesome. These are also taco shops that you probably take your parents to instead. El Toro, for example, would be a good taco shop to take mom and dad to. but when you need food, and you're concerned about *your own needs*... and you're not afraid of the awesome diversity of folks that live in our city... you go to El Farolito.
I come to El Farolito for burritos and quesadillas Suizas on the regular. They are usually packed at lunch time, but the line is worth it. Proof is in the pudding, er, salsa?The meat selection is good, as are all the menu options to put said carne into. If that's not your speed, the vegetarian options are not bad, either. I get the Super Veg burrito without beans all the time.Small place, at least in the front by the grill. You will find yourself doing an awkward shuffle to pass/let pass. There are more tables in the rear. Clean enough place, and you should just concentrate on the food anyway, Nader. Big bonus: they offer Coca Cola in the bottle (read: real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup).
Skip the incredibly fresh salsas and simply sit in respectful silence with your al pastor super burrito for a moment. Slowly unpeel the shiny foil wrapper until a lightly browned tortilla peeks through, and sink your teeth into a heavenly melange of thick beans, flavorful rice, sour cream, and gorgeous, moist pork with chewy edges and the rich flavor imparted by the seasoned grill. Realize that orange plastic booths, grime, and fluorescent lighting mean nothing in the presence of such foodie heaven, and give thanks to the cooks as you quietly depart. By the end, you will have had a true awakening.
Insanely CheeeeeapMix of transient, "Ruff 'm Tumble", Ex-Cons types All chowing down on 8 lbs burritos No Lie this is sinfully XXXL.We sat on the circus color bench... Ate with one eye on the door, one arm clutched on to my purse and One BIG eye on BFF as he wolfed the Chile Relieno in 3.5 seconds. I think this is the popular one, loads of people came in and ordered this. Good sign.I stuck to tacos for a lite bite: Two round soft tortillas, with a mountain of sliced seasoned chicken -simple taste, loads of dippy sauce -okay. cheap $3 Wasn't in the mood but it seemed fitting since visiting the Mission.Hot Tip: Papalote Mexican Grill --modern taste.
Can't beat this place for many reasons. First their burritos are the best in the Mission! I've lived here since my teenage years and have been to a whole lot of Taquerias around and I always seem to end up back at this place! I have to mention the prices for the food is so worth every penny you spend. And you won't be paying no $8 for a Regular burrito, like at Pancho Villa, that seems to have gone to "that side" of the Mission. Yea, you original Mission residence know what I'm talking about. You don't find many original Taquerias here as there used to be. Recommended plates..Burritos (any type), Quesadillas are huge and delicious, tacos are good too, the nachos..awww..there freakin huge and filling! I haven't got any of the dinner plates but the portions look big too. The only thing I wouldn't get again is the tortas, go to the end of the block on 23rd\Mission, if your in the torta mood. Final words...a MUST for your taqueria experience..Mission Style.
Under new ownership? Don't change a thing!Party: 8Order:Super nachos with grill chickenCarne asada Super burritoAl pastor Regular burritoSteak TortaShrimp Ceviche (I didnt touch this, its like russian roulette)Carnitas Super quesadillaAgua frescas for allFood still good regardless when you eat it. In our case it was about 1am. No need for additional comments. The food is good but I just wish their carne asada was as good as La taqueria.
the fact that im yelping about this place at 4am is a testament to how GOOD el farolito is. OH MY GOD. had the super quesadilla...holy sh*t!!!!!!!!!!! cheese, steak, avocado, cheese, sour cream, cheese...and...cheese all wrapped up in a warm grilled flour tortilla. perfect for sharing with a friend after a night out. lines were insanely long at 3am but so effin worth it! ok, i usually dont use profanity in reviews but given that im drunk and writing this review (without typos i might add) should tell you that this place is ***** stars.now im going to sleep happy.
Eh, okay maybe because I only had a regular chicken burrito instead of the fancy "super" burrito, but I had to haul it back to Socal with me and 4 hours of sitting at room temp isn't doing me any favors. So... chicken + rice + beans + salsa. ... EH. I'll try the highly-recommended quesadilla or get the super burrito next time
What an extraordinary and wonderful place! This sets the bar for me against which all other burritos will be measured. $6-7 for an enormous and very tasty burrito.
The service: 5 stars. very straight forward and nice.The food: 10 stars. the flavors are outstanding, and the servings are more than plenty. you can never leave El Faralito hungry.The ambiance: 4 stars. lots of bums wandering around and its quite tight in there, but the food makes up for it.Overall: 5 stars for taste quality, amount of serving, service, and price range.
Why waste your time fighting the crowds for a cab at 2am in the Mission? You're much better off heading to El Farolito. Don't worry, the line goes fast. You may be tempted by the occasional bacon-wrapped hotdog cart you encounter along the way. Resist! Actually those are quite good too... But I promise you will be rewarded if you make it to El Farolito. The super suiza quesadilla will change your life (if nothing else, in the form of a future cholesterol problem). I once went while completely sober in the middle of the day, and to my amazement, it was just as delicious as I barely remembered.
Yummy and huge portions
2000+ reviews? There's no point in writing a lot for this place, so here goes the summary:4 stars for food (quality, quantity and presentation)2 stars for ambience (not a place to take a date if you want to impress - maybe if you're trying to break up with him/her)4 stars for value (taking in consideration food quality, price and relative cleanliness)I will go back.
I actually don't like most taquerias/Mexican food spots in the city because I feel like I can make way better enchiladas, soft tacos, etc. And no one can beat taco truck prices.Plus, I greatly dislike the Mission because of the lack of parking.But this place? Yes. Absolutely. And they're open late? Major bonus points.
Archie: Hi, I am trying to get to 2700 Mission, which bart station do I get off at?Bart Lady: Do you know the cross street?Archie: I think it's 24th and Mission.Bart Lady: And?Archie: What do you mean and? I am trying to get to 24th and mission, what bart station do I get off at?Bart Lady: Try to stay with me on this one, to get to 24th and mission, you would want to get off at the bart station called 24th and mission.Archie: *realizes stupidity of my original question* Fair enough.Regardless of my last name not being Einstein or Magellan, I managed to make it down to El Farolito and holy crap I am glad I did.I will start off by saying I am a big chip guy. I immediately write you off like a Stockton based mortgage if you 1) charge me extra for chips or 2) use sub standard "store bought" chips.El Farolito did both.In and of itself, that violation would warrant bitter hatred from me towards El Farolito. That is until I ate the carnitas burrito. The burrito is THAT good. It nullified my previous anger and made me a believer. Their salsa bar with that avocado salsa was abused by me.History in the making here....Best burrito Archie has eaten.Monumental.
SUPER. QUESADILLA. SUIZA. You don't even have to think. I'm just telling you. If you get anything else here you're missing out.Four stars for the quesadilla. Knocked one star off for flies if you're eating there.
+1 star for being a Late Night Eats.soooo... i ended up getting Super Carne Asada Nachos instead of the super burrito i was craving as i was driving here from the East Bay at 12:30am. hm... the carne asada was seasoned very well, but the nacho dish itself had a lot to be desired. for instance: sliced avocado instead of guacamole... not my cup of tea. the second time around, i got the al pastor torta. i've never had a torta, so i'll leave the torta out of this. the al pastor, on the other hand, was deeeeelicioso.more reviews to come. however, i must be prepared to work it all off. gg.
Great place for filling Mexican food at 1:00am. One downside: saw the guy cleaning up next to the salsa trays. He swept the counter with a towel so the bits of dirt actually fell into the salsa containers ... then, took an empty cup and filled it with green chili, drank it, and went about his merry way cleaning other parts of kitchen and picking up plates in the restaurant.
Grungy. Shady. Fun.Had I not heard so much hype about this place prior to my visit, I may have been more impressed. However, the price IS right!I've had better chorizo and lengua tacos in my day. However, I did steal a bite of my friend's torta and it blew my mind just a little bit. (I'm a sucker for a torta). They make everything right in front of you so everything does come out piping hot. And yes, the verde salsa is very, very good.I was hoping the chorizo was going to be an explosion of flavor in my mouth, but it got away with just being plain tasty. And for $2, I'm not complaining. Additionally, I'm not sure if I missed the chip truck, or if they really do charge for a basket of chips - Not down with that.All in all, definitely not bad, and definitely a fun place to go without breaking the bank after partying in the mission .... not that I know anything about that. Know Before You Go!1. Get the torta if you like tortas2. The burrito's are huge3. Try the salsa verde
These guys are making money, hand over fist, and they deserve every last penny. Had a chicken torta last time I came in, it was perfect, hit the spot. And like many other folks out there, I spent 4 years in college eating burritos in San Diego, so I know what I'm talking about. ELITE THAT.
Amazing crispy tacos (period).
Over hyped, pretty good burritos.
Great super suiza quesadillas. Fantastic burritos. Go with the carne asada. Watch in amazement as a fresh avocado is scooped out and tossed into your food right when you order it -- no nasty old guacamole here!Great for a late-night drunchies run or just an (incredibly filling) lunch.
Coming here is like that moment right before I hop into bed, when I've taken off all my makeup, gotten into my gray sweatpants, and thrown on an old concert tee. In other words, it's comfortable and routine. At $7.27 for a FAT super burrito (can't even finish half of it) and a refreshing agua de fresa, how can this place not be part of my rotation? Not to mention that the agua de fresa here is one of the best, if not THE best, in the city. It's homemade, not overly sweet, and it comes with little bits of strawberry in it. Aside from the burritos, their super nachos also keep callin me back like Pookie in "New Jack City." Whenever my sister visits from the armpit-of-the-Bay, AKA San Jose, we share an order of grilled chicken super nachos with shrimp. Hella good! Love that they stay open till 3am, because Denny's and Mel's are so out of the question.
Super suiza quesadilla. Tender delectable steak. 50 cent chips with great salsa. Boo yaaa. Just made a quick pit stop here on the way out of town, and glad I did as this is as good as it gets for mexican food.
I had the carne asada burrito which was big, good, and cheap. The place is a hole in the wall though.
This place has quite possibly the best burritos north of San Diego County. And yes, it is comparable to Colima's. For about only $5.00, you can get yourself a huge super burrito with your choice of meat. I mean, it's still nowhere close to the size of your forearm like the ones they have at Colima's, but it's also cheaper. I've always heard that Mission burritos taste different, and they really do. Instead of the carne asada and fries stuffed burritos that I'm used to, I actually enjoyed the rice, beans, sour cream and guacamole in these burritos. If you are shocked that these ingredients in a burrito might be foreign to me, then you have never had a California burrito. But this place is delicious and cheap and that's what I look for in a Mexican burrito place. On top of that, they have good salsa verde and perfect jalapenos to go with the burrito. Now if only all Mexican places carried orange sauce...(see Yelp review on La Victoria's).Oh by the way, it ties for service with Colima's because they both have people bring you your food, unlike a lot of Mexican places.
My ceviche was amazing. I'll be back to try the carnitas tacos. Excellent.
Did I do something incorrectly? My burrito just wasn't all that juicy, tasty or inspiring :( Better burritos would be Tropisueno (Near Moscone), La Cascada (Berkeley 2007), Chipotle.. yah, Chipotle. I still have half left with me, and I tried it again. Tastefulness? Nada.Carne Asada Super Burrito + Chips + Green salsa verde + salsas.They didn't ask what kind of beans I wanted, so I ended up with pinto beans. The gal next to me almost ate my order because we sat at the same table, and somehow my SUPER burrito was smaller than her regular. I don't taste the greatly seasoned Carne Asada nor the special cheese. However, I'm not a big fan of Carne Asada, so maybe that's part of the problem.+ Price was ok. It's nice that they were opened late (till 3am on Labor Day)+ Location right next to Bart+ Green Salsa Verde was a deliciously mixed avacado/summertime kinda salsa that was mild and oh so drinkable. (very on par with the very fresh Tropisueno Salsa Verde and maybe considered better if I knew what kind of ingredients went into it)+ Chips were only 50 cents.. they were salty and crunchy. Good sized water cups :) Juke box. Plenty of seating and yet kinda cozy and clean enough hole in the wall.- It was a bit of a wait, and only cash.
I have been living in SF for 10years and El Faro is where I go when I crave Mexican Food. My favorites are.1. Super Quesadilla Suiza with Steak2. Super Burrito with Carne Asada2. Super Nacho with Steak3. Alhambres....hope I spelled it right???The fresh juices are very refreshing. The salsa is delicious, especially the salsa verde.The only draw back is that the food is really heavy and sits in your stomach for a while :)
Winnnnning!!!!!!
I love this place. One of the biggest reasons why I would miss living in the Mission or in SF if I think about it.When I'm around, I still order the super grilled chicken quesadilla. It's less than $5 and has big chunks of fresh avocado and is a bit greasy from the chicken but it is huge and only gets better, even as leftovers. The flavors, texture, and serving is amazing.I have some friends who argue that Papalote is the best but I can order the same thing for like $10 and the portion is small, dry, and bland. I've ate at that place a few times because of friends and to keep giving it a chance, they do have good salsa but eventhough El Farolito is a bit grimy, the customer service is genuine, the food is terrific, and the price is just right. Miguel has helped me a t the register for years now and his customer service also makes it a great restaurant to return to.I'm here in the East Bay now, and there is an El Faralito on International Blvd./E. 14th for Oakland vets knowing what that street used to be called, it is equally good but the atmosphere of the Mission just makes the one off 24th, seem so good.Oh, and I love their aqua frescas too.I want a super grilled chicken quesadilla or carne asada right now! right now.
See the Quesadilla Fairies, Tacos, Burritos and TortasDance the minuetWith the sliced avocado, diced pico de gallo, grilled jalapenos, and re-fried beans. As they pirouette,See the Suiza Princess, curtsying, gracefully, beatufiully,Swaying into the tune.Music in the air. (so entrancing)Flowers in her hair (as she's dancing)Love is everywhere"Neath the green avocado frosted Quesadilla-shaped moon. There she goes now on her toes now,To her Suiza home.- El Farolito is so entrancing, so decadent, so wonderful, so warm and filling. If it were a woman, I'd make sweet love to it. But instead, since it's a taqueria, it's simply where I spend the end of my long nights. Wong-Kar Wai, should make a movie called "My Burrito Nights," and talk about a man's love affair with El Farolito. Give me a Super Suiza any day over Norah Jones. In sum. El Farolito is the end all and be all of Mexican food in San Francisco. And although my first heart will always be bound to La Tapatia as my first ove, El Farolito will be the love of my life...
When my friend suggested to go to Mission to eat Mexican cuisine, i really didn't have ANY expectation-I'm generally not a big fan of Mexican food. But, this place surprised me like no other. I, myself, have no preference/knowledge in Mexican food, so my friend ordered a super quesadilla suiza and we shared. I actually had really bad experience with quesadillas because of the cheese part, but it looked so good when served, the wrap was the right thickness and crispiness, they gave you huge amount of avacado (i took one out to eat individually, and it was so flavorful and savory that it didnt taste like a vegetable anymore), the cheese was just the right amount i can tolerate and its melted just right so that when you bite it, it's stringy, the onions were minced to little pieces and fully cooked so the taste was soaked into the meat. Their salsa was soooooo damn good, one of them was green and almost herby, and the other ones were chunky and spicy (: My friend told me to try Horchata, and it was refreshing and went so well with the meal (: It's not 5 stars because i was really disappointed with the chips, they weren't fresh or crisp, and they were too thick and tasted dull.If every mexican restaurents can up this bar, i actually wouldn't mind eating mexican food everydayp.s let's goo eat at this place, Alex and David!
Vegetarians are you ready for the best burrito EVER? And I speak from both sides, when I was a meat eater and now that I am a vegetarian. Their vegetarian super burrito is incredibly succulent and never leaves me with the nagging feeling of deprivation that I get at some other meat heavy spots. Uh, just the thought of that darn scrump burrito has me salivating...Try it NOW!
Life is about a lot of things: Love, death, friendship, family, buying your first car, screaming at the TV while Sarah Palin is talking, getting allergies in the spring, making porn or not because you don't have a video camera, trying to figure out what an open relationship means and how to really do it....all of these things and many more are instantly forgotten upon taking a bite of a ginormous super burrito at El Farolito. Being from the east coast the burrito was never a major staple for me, I was too busy eating pizza. That being said my knowledge of Mexican food of any kind is not as reliable or as extensive as I would like it to be, but hey I am a good judge of what is good and what isn't. Prior to my burrito eating experience I was going to good old El Farolito for their quesidillas which compared to any other in the city were way larger and a hell of a lot less greasy. Today staying up all night and waiting too long to eat because I was afraid of people and the sun resulted in me ordering my magical super burrito with al pastor. If you also order a super burrito, order it with al pastor. It is scrumptious, tender, and with a bit of spice. I liked it so much I texted my boyfriend to tell him I was eating the burrito of my life.
Cheap and extremely delicious Mexican food, what is there more to say?
If you go here expecting a high end restaurant quality food you will be disappointed. But for less than $6, where else can you get a filling meal? For the price, I thought the food was fantastic! I had a regular chicken burrito, and didn't like the chicken in it but I am pretty picky about eating meat so don't go by me on this. The tortilla however was fantastic, service was quick, and I am glad I went there.
I don't know what to say!Broiled chicken super burritoal pastor tacocarne asado tortacheese quesadillaenchiladasthey are ALL GOOD! In fact THE BEST!I'm crazy about mexican food and I can't find anything better than this place! VERY NICE PEOPLE THERE TOO!Don't ever think to go to anywhere else :)
This was probably the best burrito I ever had. It was huge. It was full of veggies and flavor! It was supreme! In fact, it was the "veggie supreme." A busy destination, but service was friendly. Check out the array of salsas while you're waiting for the goodness.
Not much more to be said. Eat here, you can't go wrong.
This place gets crowded, but once you order your food usually comes quickly. It is great! The best burrito I've found in the City.
I've been coming here for years.The burritos are good.The tortas are good.They are open late.There is usually a line out the door.They have black beans, refried beans, and pinto beans.Their meat is good and they have a full selection including shrimp, carne asada, carnitas, al pastor, cesos, cabesa, tongue, chicken, al pastor, etc.Their salsa bar usually has three varietys including a very tasty green salsa.They have beer, coke, mexican sodas, and horchata.Their super burritos are tasty and usually two meals for me.
One word: Yuck.Oh wait, I have a few more!I am still sick from eating here.Don't do it.
Many a late night ended with El Farolito munchies. Delicious and always open when you need them.
In short, I was kind of expecting better based on the crazy good reviews. I feel like these 5-star reviews may be remnants of late-night drunken burrito memories. Like beer goggles, but for burritos.My friend and I were bored on a Sunday, wanted to go somewhere, and wanted tacos. I Yelped for "tacos", and picked the highest-rated one with a place to sit down. (Sorry, taco trucks. It was cold outside.)There was consistently a line. They must do good business. However, I thought it was mostly just "pretty good", not amazing. To start with, the chips are craptastic. Which is sad, since they appear to have a variety of tasty salsas.I ordered a crispy chicken taco and an al pastor super quesadilla suiza. The quesadilla was huuuuge. I did not need the taco. The chicken was super bland, though. Skip the chicken. As for the al pastor, I'm still confused. From my understanding, it should be spit-grilled. I swear the menu said stewed. However, it was really greasy, so it didn't seem like either of those things. Maybe I got something else by mistake. That said, it was good. I think I would have liked the quesadilla way more had the menu mentioned it was loaded with tomatoes, so I could have ordered it without. That ruined it a little bit for me.Huge portions, very cheap, undoubtedly delicious at drunk o'clock in the morning... but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back again.
Its all about the chile rellano burritos!My Husband always gets the Carne Asada.We always leave fat and happy. Best Burritos in San Francisco, for sure. Best prices too. 2 of us had dinner with delish agua fresca (The horchata is absolutely divine!!!) for $14.00! (And I always bring home 1/2 my burrito for a late night snack or lunch the next day!!)The rice and beans are seasoned wonderfully and they use whole fresh avocados as well as a fresh salsa bar. We always love this place. Its open till like 4am, so essentially, you can get a burrito ANYTIME! Um, the health inspection reports never make me feel confident, so i stopped looking at them when i enter. I''ve never gotten sick and dont know anyone who has gotten sick.....so...............We def get burritos from there once a month at least!
This review is for tacos al pastor. Their tacos al pastor are not actually al pastor. It's just marinated pork, finely chopped and cooked on the hot grill. It is not the layered meat on the spit that is a qualifier for tacos al pastor. They tasted fine but not as good as real al pastor. The salsas were good. The serving was generous, they use the large tortillas and are not stingy.
Best of the best. It's funky in there sometimes but don't be afraid of the dark - it's fresh and yummy eats. consistent from year to year. easy to get to. price is right.
I love this place. I only ever order one thing (ok, maybe 2): carne asada tacos and horchata. I don't know what they do or how they do it, but the taste is amazing. Not too burnt, not too salty, not too oily. And they also give you plenty of cilantro and onions to top it off. I might try some of the other things on the menu eventually but I really could just live off of these tacos forever. The only downside of this place is the sometimes long line and the mariachi band.
El Farolito makes some of the best burritos I've had in the city - fresh, flavorful and cheap - so naturally I suggested the place to my mom when she visited...Me: Do you want to get a burrito tomorrow? They're really good!Mom: Aren't we supposed to have lunch with [friend] tomorrow?Me: Oh, yeah... Well, we should still get a burrito because we won't be out in that area later on.Mom: You want to eat lunch AND have a burrito?Me: You really should try it! Maybe we can get a burrito and eat some of it, then have lunch, then eat the rest of the burrito later and...Mom: That's too much food...Me: But they're REALLY good. Freshly grilled meat with the perfect proportion of ingredients! You really have to try this burri-HomelessGuy: WHAT THE HELL YOU TALKIN BOUT BURRITOS ITS TOMORROW BURRITOS IS THEYS BURRITOS BURRT BURRRT......Me: My God... He's right. I've been planning a whole day around a burrito... I wonder... Is he the crazy one or me?HomelessGuy: bwAHHblehblehBloo!Me: No, still him.
Yes, I really do need to give this place 5 stars. I can see that most people who've reviewed this place had a pretty good experience too. First time I went here, it was with my bff gal pal. We were hungry, and it had already reached the wee hours of the morning. I wasn't craving anything all that big, maybe just a bag of chips or a cheeseburger. She suggested burritos. I give her a look of hesitation.BURRITOS?! NOW?! uggh...... I'm not THAT hungry.Well I'm glad she somehow convinced me to go.First thing I've tried from here is their super steak burrito.You can't go wrong with your first bite. I bit into the tender and fatty steak and felt the delicious grease pour into my mouth.Not only will this get you full for about $6, the size of it is rather superfluous. Coming from me, it would be true because I can eat a lot.Needless to say, I didn't finish it. I took it home and savored it the next morning ^_^.I can't forget to mention their salsa. I like spicy but I feel like I can't take the spiciness of the salsas. Sometimes they make each salsa spicy sometimes they make it not spicy. First time I came here, the salsa verde wasn't spicy. It was SO refreshing tasting and tangy. If you LOVEE spicy, try their verde, it's SO GOOD.Last but not least, the crazy people that inhabit the restaurant at the wee hours of the morning. Drunks/Party Goers/Hungry locals/Hungry travelers/Hungry Hobos/Hungry prostitutes who have just finished their shift for the night. You name it, they're there. It's entertaining.Can't stress it enough, you gotta hit this place up! Mission's always got the best mexican food :)
I know people might disagree with me, but this was the best burrito that I've had in a long time. Of course, I had the carne asada super burrito. I like to compare apples to apples. And this place stood up. The price was pretty average, but the flavour was really good. There is a little bit of grease which I'm convinced is necessary to bring all the good taste out. It was pretty busy and our food came out in a reasonable amount of time. There aren't any free chips to go with your salsa, but the burrito should be enough. I will definitely go back when I'm in the area.
Still the best burrito in SF, but this location is simply not as good as the Fruitvale one. The lady that runs the Fruitvale one knows how to crack the whip. That's all I have to say.
Nothing has changed since my last visit!! burritos still great and cheap! Under $6? you gotta be kidding! Def. trying to come back for lunch next time. The rush from FiDi to Mission and back was worth it!Still thinks it's better to do take out than eat it there.
Super suiza carne asada quesadillas :P I swear their is crack in it...Burritos are just so-so...do not, I repeat, do not order anything with shrimp here! They do not defrost it properly sometimes and it will taste like dirt.Would have given you five stars just for the quesadillas, but the guy at the register overcharged by $3 last time!!!! That's a half of a quesadilla there buddy! What you think I wouldn't notice you bastard??? I am asian, most people would assume I dream in numbers!Ambiance: old school-cheap looking McDonald's tables, juke box and even complete with glaring cholos ready to eat you alive (a very nice touch)
This place was good. Took a visitor from Florida to the Mission for a stroll and wanted to let her taste some authentic Mexican food. Me being Asian and thusly having no idea what constitutes authentic Mexican food, I consulted Yelp and found this place. 900+ reviews and 4.5 stars is authentic in my book.The portions are sized right, not too big or small. I had two carne asada tacos with the works and they were good. The meat was juicy and there was a lot of salsa. I could only finish 1 but I wasn't that hungry, so 2 should be good enough for the average meal. My friend had the quesadilla which she liked and finished completely. I also got a side of rice which was also good. It was soft and had a subtle taste - all my years of unauthentic Mexican food made me expect something orange-r and harder, but guess we're not at Taco Bell.
Ended up here after El Rio. They had a good selection of sauces, yet no free nachos. That didn't matter since a fresh batch was waiting at home. When I got there I realized they'd served me two burritos in one.So tremendously big, I had left overs for breakfast. Even when served cold their burrito still gave me a boner.Thanks
i've never had good mexican food in a restaurant ANYWHERE in the United States EXCEPT for at El Farolito... nowadays i only eat mexican food:1) while abroad2) at a "roach coach"3) at a person of mexican descent's home (homemade menudo w/ extra tripe really turns me on!)ok, the thing to get here is the QUESADILLA SUIZA with meat. the salsa's are really good here, esp. the green one. there's always a line here so try and get here before the lunch or dinner hour.
Prepare to be STUFFED, so stuffed in fact that you just might explode. Seriously, you are considering this as a very viable option. Will you make it home? Can you sleep? maybe try lying on your side. SO MUCH FOOD!Okay, So I normally came here after nights drinking in the mission where I would drunkenly order a burrito, sit down, cut it in half and give it to a friend. Now I came back here one night, completely sober since Pancho Villa had closed and I had these vague memories of really liking El Farolito. And of course I still do, their burritos are freakin delicious, maybe too delicious, I was 3/4 of the way through my burrito when I suddenly realized that if I took another bite, the probability of me loosing my stomach was skyrocketing. All in all, I highly recommend this place, just be careful, the burritos are HUGE, don't find yourself biking home while having to mentally talk yourself out of nausea.
dude. best shiz EVER. yeah, I know I just used the word "shiz" 3 things: 1) Cash Only2) Open till 4 AM in the mornings on weekends3) WHOLE FRICKING AVOCADO IN YOUR BURRITO. or something like 3). I don't know. I was slightly less than clear-headed when I ate here, but damn. SO GOOD. I would go out just for the purpose of coming to El Farolito at 3 AM. SO WORTH IT. I mean, there's nothing more satisfying than well-made mexican food after a night of drinking and dancing. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
Mere stars don't cut it. Neither do solar systems. Nay, not even galaxies.I'm giving this place 5 Universes for the following reasons:1) Burritos2) Tortas 3) Introducing me to the wonderful world of tortas4) Convincing a former LA chick that rice in my burrito truly is the way to go5) BurritosThere's a reason there's almost always a line, and it's always worth the wait.
Kudos.The burrito was the size of a small child AND it was delicious. I really enjoyed every bit of it. A friend had recommended it to me and so I trekked all the way down from North Beach, JUST FOR A BURRITO. I was glad that I did.The salsa bar was great! Can't say no to good salsa.
4 Stars - had a burrito brunch here with friends on Sunday. Very good, generous portions and cheap. Art & I split nachos with the rest of the group and each got a breakfast burrito. I was full on my share of nachos (probably half the plate) and we brought my BB home. Had it for dinner Tuesday evening and it was plenty for the two of us. I'll definitely be back.
What can I say? Best Mexican, small shop food in California outside of San Diego. Pretty much all other Mexican places in the Bay Area are crap.
Super suiza with al Pastor...do it. The guac-salsa is amazing too. All you need to know is that it is great authentic mexican food and is amazing.
3.5 stars It was the flour tortilla and those darn filler... Rice/Beans!!!Next time I order a burrito NO rice and beans POR FAVOR ;pI had a pollo asado burrito... it was super sized, like the flavors in the chicken, it had melted cheese, pico de gallo and guacamole. what killed it was the 2 scoop, 2 many of rice and beans.Coming from San Diego, this place doesn't come close; BUT I would be back. would love to sit and watch soccer on the satelite and sip Pacificos all day on a Sunday. ;p
The following opinion is bilingual.(La opinion siguiente es bilingue.)El Farolito, though grimy and generally full of questionable characters, serves the best burrito I've had in San Francisco.(El Farolito, aunque mugriento y generalmente lleno de caracteres cuestionables, sirve el mejor burrito que he tenido en San Francisco.)Fresh, authentic ingredients, and friendly staff make the experience worth the, sometimes pervasive, smell of your neighbor in line.(Los ingredientes frescos y autenticos, y el personal amistoso hacen que la experiencia vale la pena, a pesar del hedor de su vecino en la linea.)Four stars because, though the food is delicious, parking is extremely difficult in this neighborhood. BART does drop you off right at the door.(Cuatro estrellas porque, aunque la comida es deliciosa, el estacionamiento es extremadamente dificil en esta vecindad. El BART le deja directamente frente de la puerta.)Insider tip: Try the fried green onions as a side dish. They're fantastic and cheap.(Recomendacion de alguien que sabe: Pruebe las cebollas verdes fritas como plato complementario. Son fantasticas y baratas.)
I absolutely am in love with this place. Being a fan of almost any type of Mexican food, I can say I have tried a lot of places and this will always be on the top of my list. The food is great, usually get a super carne asada burrito or super suiza quesadilla. Everything is really fresh/flavorful and they cook the meat right when you order. They also use fresh avocado vs guac...fantastic. Huge portions. There is usually a line which is a good sign. The short wait for your food is definitely worth it. I prefer this location over their other Mission store but they are both very similar. Only downside is that it is cash only, so you definitely need to remember this beforehand. When I wasn't in the area I would drive from the East Bay to get food, that's how good it is. This location is open really late too so it's the perfect place to grab dinner after being out.
1. come hungry with a buddy2. order any combination of the following: Carne Asada (Super) Burrito, Suiza quesadilla, carrot juice, horchata, coke in a bottle, negra modelo and, yes, chips.3. pick up some salsa - they are all good, including the green salsa that is very well spiced and seasoned, not rocket fuel heat like some places4. wait at your table for them to bring it out, try to remain calm5. Enjoy!---1. If you are not happy after following the above, I am very sorry - you should be.2. Why don't all local spots have a sink that is separate from the bathroom, no door handles to contend with and easy to just wash your hands without dealing with a bathroom - genius3. All burritos should be able to stand up straight on the table4. Why didn't we come here sooner?
I have dreams about the meat and shrimp burrito. Delish!
I used to always come here with my cousin when he lived in the City and we wanted a large delicious mexican meal.  Yesterday night I picked up some burritos for me and my LP. Once again this joint did not disappoint! This time I had lengua which was very tasty but the carne asada and carnitas are also very good. LP liked her shrimp burrito. I would highly recommend El Farolito because this place packs their burritos with lots of tasty meat and fixings and it's inexpensive!  Opt for super because they throw in lots of fresh avocado.next time I'll go on the weekend to try their birria!
Currently, my love interest and I are separated by copious fly-over states, on opposite coasts of one another, but the bond that holds us together is our love for burritos. He, being a resident of New York now, would not STFU about this El Farolito burrito from San Francisco, the city of his origin. I could not believe that out of all the times I have found myself in the Mission, that I had not tried this mysterious burrito. Thus, we decided that over winter break, our travels from LA (where I live) to SF (his hometown) would be a pilgrimage for us burrito lovers, entitled Burrito Tour 2010.After frequenting every mind-blowing Mexican food place in the Greater Los Angeles area that I could think of, our finish line was crossed in SF at El Farolito--And it was definitely the grand finale. The supreme veggie burrito I ordered was gigantic (it is out of character for me not to finish a burrito in one sitting, but a quarter of the elephantine burrito had to be saved for later). When I asked for avocado on the side, the cashier handed me an entire half of an avocado and a knife! I thought that was cool. The salsa bar was overwhelmingly impressive. The horchata was perfect. Ok, so, you win, San Francisco. I guess the best burritos are found in the Mission of all places.
I love this place... even if you see a long line, it goes pretty fast. Delicious and cheap..cheap!!...very cheap.. Also, I always observe the friendliness of the staff... WOW.... they work non stop, they move fast and non-stop.. so many people, such long lines..YET..as most Mexican people they always have smile for you!... they always look happy, talkative and friendly... so much to learn from this!... unlike other places like for example "Tartine Bakery" which just came to mind although not related to this post but being such a popular bakery and with such a horrible attitude!...someone said because they are so busy...what an excuse!..they should come here and learn!!.... This reminds me how much I love coming to taquerias for the delicious food and just  special people.
I wish I lived closer to SF, I love this place! Nothing beats a good late night meal after a fun night in the city!!
this is a review for the super vegetarian burrito and the chile relleno super burritomeh, pretty good, but not the best i've hadthe pinto beans were good, but not very flavorfulactually, the entire burrito was kinda bland...green salsa was greatother salsas were so-somaybe im spoiled by having amazing vege burritos in san diego, but this place was very meh for memy coworker loves the carne asada super burritomy roommate thought it was mehso i guess you just gotta try it for yourself and decidecash only
MOST E-P-I-C burrito experience EVER!I've tried the veggie and super burrito, and was definitely pleased with the super burrito. The super was quite tasty, and the green sauce (sorry don't know what it is, but can be found in sauce bar area) was on point, not to spicy, kind of tangy, and made my burrito a KICK-ASS burrito.The place gets crowded, but service is speedy.It is seconds away from the 24th St. BART station.I like how they have a sink outside of the restroomso germ-a-phobs like yours truly, don't have to touch bathroom doorknobs (what, some people don't wash their hands. There is contact with genitalia in RRs. I'm about to eat a burrito here people, I need clean hands) and/or wait for folks to relieve their bladder or colon just to wash my lil hands.Definitely an SF staple. Orgasmic experience, non-sexual that is.
This is part of the "trifecta" of my favorite cheap food options in San Francisco.They make the best burrito in the city--PERIOD. It's really hard to place what it is that makes it so good (the meat is of pretty ordinary quality), but the rice tastes incredible.I also recommend the super quesadillas. They're basically a messier, cheesier version of the burritos. Just the way they should be!The only drawback I can find with this restaurant is that there isn't a location in the Lower Haight. Yet.
I came for an authentic mission style burrito, I ordered the carne asada super burrito, I left grinning ear-to-ear. By far, without a doubt, the best burrito I've ever eaten. Be ready to stand in line for a bit, especially during peak hours, and be ready to eat in what most would consider not the most aesthetically pleasing place but you will be happy you made the choice to eat here.
I have a theory when it comes to buying Mexican food in the Mission, "restaurants that have lines that start out the door and onto the sidewalk are good for a reason". This means a couple things, that people like the place and are willing to wait. And most importantly, that the food doesn't sit stagnant under heat lamps and "dry up" or worse, that it should form some type of living organism (like pork does) while it waits for a customer to stroll by and consume it. Some places in the Mission should require you to get a Hepatitis B shot prior to entering, but not this place. Although it doesn't look like much from the outside, this place gets solid marks from the health board year after year. Beacuse of the popularity of the restaurant, the food is constantly turning-over, meaning it's nice and fresh at all hours. Even for those 3:30am burritos that you inhale after you've been drinking all night in the Mission. And yes, there is usually a line at 3:00am on the weekends as well, but it's so worth the wait. The Super burritos are ass kickers, mammoth and delicious. They look like a giant soup thermos wrapped in tin foil. Everything I've had there is outstanding and the prices are so good, you can probably get a full dinner from the change you'd find from underneath your sofa cushions.I've been eating there..once every couple weeks.. for 6 years now. 5 solid stars.
This location is definitely better than all the other ones, despite its puny size. Their grilled prawn super burrito is the best burrito I've ever had. If I lived in the city and was still a big drinker I'd definitely go here for a post-drinking carb load.
MINUS 1 STAR, only because:I have had the carne asada super burrito here a couple of times, and thoroughly enjoyed it the first few times (perhaps because I was intoxicated and my taste buds were a little sedated?). Anyway, I always got extra sour cream on mine because I felt like their super burritos went too easy on this magical white substance. Upon a second rendezvous with this particular menu item, I realized without extra sour cream the meat was entirely way too salty and no amount of rice or beans could save it. It was also extremely dry, and I found myself dipping my burrito into my salsa (which isn't bad, by the way) constantly, in efforts to hydrate the desert of saltyness. The carne asada was also very burnt, and not very tender. That's my take on it.On a side, un-burrito related note, the carne asada quesadillas were AMAZING. If you enjoy thick, hearty slabs of avocado, lots of cheese, and a truckload of sour cream on top of tender slices of steak, this is your very good friend. If you are concerned about your waistline and health, you most likely shouldn't be stumbling in here drunk at 3am anyway.
I'll spare you the pointlessly florid prose of the other reviews. Cheap, tasty, Mexican, good salsa, cash-only. Done.Switching this shit to five stars after eating their steak quesadilla. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh so good.
Amazing food in a bit of a divey hole-in-the-wall. I've never been disappointed with their Lengua or Carne Asada super burritos, but it's the quesadilla super suiza that will give you a religious experience (and possibly a myocardial infarction).
I've been going to El Farolito since I was 7 years old, It's a San Francisco classic and my hang over cure! I recommend there combination plates! which are a great deal and can easily be split with another person.LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!
I've been in expensive Mexican restaurants, (in Mexico) I've been in good Mexican restaurants all over the world. But there is nothing like this place... I don't know how they do it, they consistently serve the most amazing food at a price anyone can afford. (even at 3 AM) The super quesadilla suiza of these guys is legendary on the Mission.This is not a fancy restaurant.. I have to say, but if anyone finds better Mexican food that this in the bay area please drop me a note.
Lived a block away from el farolito for almost 10 years. Cheap, delicious, convenient, and perfect late night after all the bars close. If I had family / guests visiting from out of town I'd usually take them to la corneta or la taqueria or someplace less gritty, but this is the place for me. The chips are good as well. The only downside is the amount of sodium in your average super burrito but this isn't a Men's Health review.
Even though this place has been rated 720 times, I figured I would decide to make it 721. I just went here last night for the umpteenth time and it was bomb. This is THE spot for late night messican food, I don't think I've ever been here during the day! Huuuuge burritos, bomb sauces and that hole in the wall/dive feel. Try the scrimp burrito, even though I can't have it anymore...it's the bomb, trust me. If you head over here anytime near 2am on a weekend night you will be greeted with a loooong line out the door with drunk and salivating patrons oogling the food that the cooks are cooking on the grill in the window.This plae only takes cash, there is an ATM right out side the door though...bomby mcbombstein...ok, how many times did I use the word bomb in this review? WTF?!Oh yeah, if you're getting on 101 North from Caeser Chavez, do not make a U-turn to get on the freeway...I learn't this the hard way last night..In the words of NWA...F*CK THE POLICE!
Funny that the Food Lover's Guide includes La Taqueria, La Corneta, and Pancho Villa, but not El Farolito. Perhaps it's that El Farolito has no open-air dining room with Mediterranean arches, no bright orange, muraled walls under a skylight, not even a large, way-too-fluorescently-lit space for that perfect "where the hell are we?" post-420 late-night snack. No, El Farolito is a hot, dark, sweaty cave, heaving under the crush of the ever-fascinating, ever-so-slightly-intimidating crowd that seems to be permanently waiting for something at the 24th & Mission BART. Of course, Yelpers eat this stuff up (literally), which is why El Farolito's review count handily beats those other 3 (indeed, is there a more-Yelped taqueria in the entire Bay Area?)I was planning on getting a burrito, but one look at the Super Suiza Quesadilla and I was already an addict. The wife wanted chorizo, so we basically wound up with the greasiest pile of hot deliciousness I've ever had, and one that absorbs Tapatio hot sauce like a Millbrae Pancake absorbs syrup. For those who can't afford an afternoon-long food coma, the tostada de ceviche is also impressive. My only regret is that the chips aren't fresh.  Anyway, it may never make Michael Bauer's Top 100 (unlike a certain taqueria down the block), but El Farolito is certainly a landmark beacon of comfort on the wild shore of Mission St. My next goal is to figure out whether all those other El Farolitos in town are affiliated, or if taquerias just really like the lighthouse motif...
This ain't no disco, this ain't no country club either. This is is down and dirty mexican so bring your appetite and belly up to a Super burrito and 2 coronas... t shirt and pants anything more is too dressy and you will look like a tourist. I wish this place was back in my hometown so I can stumble my drunk ass in and get my after midnight fix. Props for the sink outside of the bathroom that I couldn't get the nerve to open ;)
sometimes i have cravings too..or shall i say most of the time.so one time while we were on the phone, i told him im hungry and will go out to get some tacos and he asked to get some for him too...i love this random outings especially late nights...i think i mentioned that SF Giants Pablo Sandoval (yes Panda) come here too...no wonder he is putting back the weight.mmm, carne asada and chorizo tacos close to midnight...delish.
Price, taste, the prototypical hole in the wall establishment with kick ass food you've always heard about... so good, makes my mouth water thinking about it... How good is it?Even the nasty interior and the even nastier bathroom (looks like the bathroom from Trainspotting) that might make you throw up a little in your mouth isn't enough to be totally turned off...
One giant carne asada burrito good for three meals for me and under $10
Truth be told, El Farolito is partly responsible for my return to the Bay Area (as if I really needed a reason to escape NJ) and residence in SF.
I grew up in Southern California so good burritos are the norm and not the exception. Even many of the chains (e.g. Alberto's) turn out taqueria style burritos that are out of this world. You can even get an awesome burrito in a strip mall in Laguna Beach where 99% of the population isn't latino. That said, I've been on my own personal quest to find good burritos in my adopted hometown of San Francisco (and environs) for the past 13 years.I've read so many rave reviews about El Farolito on here so I decided to check it out last week. I ordered a chicken burrito without beans, and it also had avocado and cheese. Although the chicken was moist and tender, the burrito didn't have any rice in it, which I found to be odd and the avocado was more like a runny guacamole. The kicker here is that it cost $9.50 and they didn't even throw in a handful of chips!I can get an equally good burrito (which does have rice in it) at Taqueria Cancun or El Tonayense for about $6.50. That said, I won't be going back to El Farolito anytime soon!
It makes me sad that I don't live as close to any El Farolito branches as I'd like. However, when I'm in the Mission and have a burrito hankering, El Farolito is the only place I'll go to, because I can trust them to have tender carnitas, filling rice and hearty portions. (They've also go the best price-to-size ratio I've seen for 'regular' burritos around here--L'Avenida's are more expensive, and Gordo's are rather smaller.)
Like a home away from home! This is the most authentic, greasy-but-in-a-good-way Mexican food I found in the whole Bay Area. The place is dingy and feels pretty sketch, but the cooks are nice and the place is packed. My friends split an El Pastor burrito and I had the lengua (tongue) quesadilla, which I was far from finishing. The portions are huge and the prices are way reasonable. If you're in an LA kind of mind, then come here and it's sunny skies all the way!
WOWZERS!!! This place was so yummy! I had a quesadilla and it was awesome. Minus one star for the lack of seating. The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon and no place to sit!
The real deal when it comes to taquerias in the mission. Everything I've ever had here is done the right way and they do it fast. Staff is always cool as well. Extra points given for stayin open past bar hours for the late night drunken crew. If you've never eaten here before you are officially sleeping, so wake up and haul your ass down for some bomb taqueria grub!
I was looking forward to my trip to SF so I could have a really good burrito again. Every time I think about burritos, I miss the West Coast.El Farolito did not dissapoint - in fact, it surpassed my expectation. It was packed, slow, and grimy... but who cares? The point was to get a magnificent tortilla holding amazing meats. That it did. The carne asada as juicy and incredibly flavorful. My accomplices had the al pastor and it was also out of this world. Washing all of it down with a glass bottle of Mexican Coke? Yes, please.
I disagree with Karen K.'s review of El Farolito on so many levels.TOP THREE REASONS WHY EL FAROLITO IS NOT WEAKSAUCE:One: It's always open (Well, its open later than ALL of the other taquerias.)Two: The music is kick-ass. You can shake your ass and fake a meringue with the other customers in line who probably aren't faking their meringue.Three: It really is all about the Super Quesadilla. Carne asada, avocado, cheesy goodness. I took the last two reviewers to Farolito's, and I'm sorry that Karen K. did not like it, but SHE"S WRONG. She clearly deviated from my ordering advice. I'll admit, I haven't had many of the menu items because the super quesadilla is where its at. Once you find something you like, why would try anything else?
Real food! Sooo yum!
Fried pork you say? In burrito form? I'll have two. No, wait, I've got to catcht the BART in a few minutes, just give me one. Fast. Cheap. Delicious. On Mission. I'll be back. Make sure your eyes are not bigger than your mouth, the Super is doable and is stuffed with a bunch of additional good stuff, but a little on the large side.I'm saying that the parking situation is "street", but really, why the hell would you drive here?
People in San Francisco need to drive down to San Diego and eat a GOOD burrito, before giving almost 2000 reviews at a 4-star and a half average to this mediocre burrito joint. I don't know if it's just the population of SF, the fact that it's in the mission, or because every other Mexican place here is just bad, but this place is so overrated. The burritos are whatever. The tacos are whatever. I haven't tasted the quesodillas, but I don't know why I would make a third trip here. The beef is not seasoned well, and it's not even that cheap, honestly.. I would not be complaining if everything was of amazing quality, but I was very sad when I bit into my burrito and I didn't get that yummy blast of flavor that I love in Mexican food.Disappointment.
damn this place is bomb. they ain't askin any questions. this place hella dank. nuff said fina eat here bruh.
haha! i didn't realize that i have never written a review! i have been satiating my pickled ass here for years and years in the wee hours of the night. I will address something not so often commented on- the garrish lighting and uncomplementary interior. It is a shock when you are a street walking cheetah coming in from the night, and your fake lash is coming off, your pallid jaundiced face is no longer holding your makeup, every exhale can be seen and lit on fire. Who Cares! if anything, this is the place to people watch!the food.Big bang for your buck. big taste! tortas are my go to here actually. there is so much competition to the left, right, across the street, but dang! their refried beans are magical, satiating, try a torta here please!!thanks for reading!!
My favorite burrito place in the city! Quesadilla Suiza!! $8 and usually big enough for two people (with chips and salsa). The meat is super fresh and everything is made right in front of you, which means that you have to wait longer than other burrito places. Good amount of tables but you may have to wait for one at rush times.
Omg. I love intestine and have been looking all over for it. They have it here and it's so delicious. My only complaint is that their regular burrito has no vegetables and a lot of beans.
I havent tried anything else here except for their Quesadilla ! ITs magical! and thats all i go for! Dont ask me about anything else because ive never had it
Nothing like an after hours burrito or taco on your way home from a night out. Apparently I am not the only person who thinks this is a great idea as there is a long ass line coming out of El Farolito at 2:00am.  But not to worry, the line moves FAST. Trust me. I tend to order the carnitas burrito or taco. Get the salsa verde (the green one) - it's the best one - and you'll be in heaven! It also tends to go fast and sometimes they run out so ask for it in case you don't see any out. El Farolito is a solid Mexian joint in the Mission. It's my 'go-to' restaurant when I want something cheap, filling and tasty at all hours of the day. I mean, a super burrito for under $6 or a taco for $2?! You can't beat that.
"Ring-ring" "Metro Locksmiths, how can I help you?""Oh what up BL? OH REALLY? Yo guys, BL's getting some burritoes; you guys want some? Hey BL, yes for all three of us. Cool, see you when you get back..."Staple order: Super Burrito with refried beans, carne asada, rice, sour cream, and pico de gallo (at least I think that's what it is...) The first bite is bliss, and so is the second one.  If you can finish the whole burrito, then man...you can eat. Just be prepared for the food coma that ensues...all in all, yes to this place!!!
Cow head meat burrito? Sure! Make it a super burrito please, add a side of chips, and don't tell me I'm eating cow head meat and not carne asada. I came here after a nice hot afternoon of pretending to be photog on the Mission. A couple of fellow wannabe photogs and I decided to take a detour, grab burritos and enjoy them at Dolores Park. I had my mind and mouth set on a cheesy, sour cream filled, CARNE ASADA super burrito. Lo and behold, after walking in the sweltering heat and climbing a gigantic hill (in jeans mind you), we finally reached Dolores Park and I ripped the tin foil off my "carne asada" super burrito to shreads (like a starving savage beast).My teeth sunk into the burrito and satisfaction rippled across my face -- well sort of. The meat tasted a little funny, but not bad at all. I looked at the meat and it was a little off-colored. Three quarters of the way done with my "carne asada" super burrito, I noticed I had not eaten any sour cream nor cheese. Did El Farolito rip me off by giving me a regular burrito instead? I turned around to Amir A and noticed a dabble of sour cream on the corner of his mouth. Wha??? "Hey, how come his regular burrito came with sour cream?" I proceeded to finish the last quarter of my burrito in hopes that all the cheese and sour cream was somehow disproportionately placed in the bottom. Nope. Wait a minute...I ATE AMIR A's COW HEAD MEAT BURRITO!!!
This is the place you've heard about. For $4.45 you can get a carne asada burrito without the fatty stuff like sour cream and guacamole.Now, the only place with better-tasting burritos is El Tonayense taco truck, but let's be fair here: El Farolito serves a damn good burrito. It's close to BART, it's open late, and the burrito is at least a dollar cheaper than at the surrounding taquerias. And that'll get you 5 stars.
Certainly one of the cornerstone burritoies in San Francisco.If the SF burrito scene was '90s grunge, El Farolito might be Soundgarden -- one of the core members, but not the tip-of-the-spear like Taqueria Cancun or the music of Nirvana.The super burritos are hefty, hearty morsels of comforting goodness. Both meat and veggie are authored admirably. There will be a clunk in the comportment of their carnitas every so often, but that's rare and well worth a roll of the dice.And to put it another way, we've seen cops park in the bus zone outside just to pick up food at El Farolito.Recommended? = Yes, indeed.
The super burrito was excellent, we went early, the food came quick. Super friendly service
A generously-sized, great tasting burrito at a great price. Great place for authentic Mexican food
Rolled in to SF late last night after a huge debacle in dealing with flights, rental cars, hotels... We were starving, so I hit m.yelp.com on my phone to see about finding a delicious late night dinner spot in SF. Naturally, I searched for "late night" and sorted by "best reviewed and, lo and behold, El Farolito was one of the top matches... With like 650-some odd reviews, I figure "What could go wrong?"In a word? Nothing.El Farolito delivered as promised with some scrumptious, hearty, horrible-for-you mexican deliciousness the likes of which I've never had. I got the super suiza and I've ne'er seen anything quite like it. It was just a bunch of awesomeness stuffed into a somewhat crunchy shell and served with a dish of chips. My girlfriend got the super veggie burrito and she had nothing but great things to say about it saying "The is one of the best burritos I've ever eaten." That sounds good to me.
All things good come to those who wait.If you are in a rush then don't come here. They are on the slow side but it is well worth the wait for the taste and price.Open late and a favorite place of all the people crawling/stumbling home. Just be sure not to have your burrito drag on the ground as that extra flavor wouldn't be too appetizing.Super burrito - GreatTorta - Great
GOOD authentic food! Miss this.
The food and quality of the ingredients here are very subpar at best. Being from Los Angeles where cheap, great tasting Mexican food is a plenty - El Farolito falls way short of being a good Mexican food experience. However, on a SF standard, which is pretty far down the Mexican food experience totem pole, it may be above average. Plus, the dining ambience is akin to eating inside a dirty, public men's bathroom with the occasional homeless vagrant walking in to beg for change. Not exactly a pleasant experience.If you do go, take it to go. You might just get a staph infection hanging around there.
GREAT! I still like El Gordo and Tommy's, but people make fun of me for that. zero atmosphere and it's more of a counter.... but the food is what it's about right?
I came up here for some "munchies" when I was visiting some friends over in San Francisco. Ordered the Carne Asada super burrito was amazing. Pretty big, and filled me up and a few friend. Came with an order of chips, and I also got a mexican coke. Would definitely recommend this taqueria to my friends. Very friendly vibe in this restaurant.
EXCELLENT! super burrito under $6. Rare for SF. I had a 6 hour layover at SFO and took the BART into the Mission....it was that good.
Good burritos, cheap, cash only, open late.
These folks set the burrito standard, wow, I've had the pork, beef and chicken burritoes, they are huge. if you want some authentic and flavorful mexican food, this is the stop. Bar none and having worked in SF for a while, everybody you ask will direct you here. simply the best.
Sunday 4:00 PM, after an exhausting vinyasa yoga class, haven't eaten all day. Why is there a %$#?! line out the door? The damn burritos. That's why. I nearly trampled on the ten people ahead of me to order mine in high school spanish gibberish. I can't stand when burritos fall apart on me while I eat them. I know this is the last thing people usually think about when evaluating the tastiness of their burrito but I like for the darn thing to have tasty bits of meat, beans, avocado, salsa, etc. from delicious start to tragic end and not spill all over into the tray. The cyliner of satisfaction filled with smokey carne asada, whole beans and aguante (yeah, I said that right) was able to stand up on its own. Money. The avocado is real avocado slices and not some watered down guacamole warranting the $1 surcharge. The tortilla is tender and chewy not some over steamed mush. Very satisfying. Now I just can't eat for a week. My only real beef is that it isn't the cleanest or nicest place on this planet. I prefer getting things to go.
the super burrito was really good and relatively cheap. the can of pop was and i only got it because i didnt see the horchata behind their stupid sign! my only complaint was the lingering flys in between the seating and the kitchen. overall good experience, and good service.
NOT A GOOD PLACE FOR SOCAL PEOPLE!!!!!I came here after I moved to the bay area for college because a friend who grew up in this area recommended it. I have to say I dont understand what the hype is all about. Being from San Diego I know Mexican food and this place misses by a long shot.
I love me some El Farolito's. And I mean, looooooove it. I only get their burritos and it's as good as it gets. Well, as good as my Korean-American taste buds can tell. Every visit back to the Bay Area, my Mr. and I make sure that we hit up Mission St. to get our Super Burrito fix. Even their tortilla chips are finger lickin' good. I always get the chicken burrito and my Mr. always gets the Al Pastor. Living in San Diego, I haven't found another place that does their burritos quite like El Farolito's. I mean, Come on, rice, beans, sour cream, and deliciousness should all come standard in a burrito, no? I want my burrito's bursting at the seams and so heavy that I could potentially weight lift with them (obviously, light weights, but nonetheless). Should one have to pay extra for these things? I dare say we shouldn't. And El Farolito's apparently agrees. Thanks from the bottom of my burrito-loving heart. See u soon....
I happened to be in the mission district last night really late and starving so myself and 3 other unsavory ladies went here. The food was so bitchin. I cant remember how much it was but I know it was cheap. I didnt finish my super nachos but the drunk guy at the table beside me happily finished it for me. One of the ladies in my group met an old " friend from church" during our visit and they being filled with the spirit rushed off to do some " bible study". This place is rad. I cant wait to go here sober.
came here and first thought was wow this place is really ghetto!!!!! Definitely a hole in the wall sort of place. We ordered the al pastor and carne asada super burritos. The burritos are huge! Not only that, they also give you tons of meat and avocados. But portion is not the only great thing about this place, the meat was very flavorful and for the price of 6.25 you cannot go wrong! Also there is a salsa bar but the salsa is a tad spicy. I would definitely make a trip back to sf to try their other items.
Uhmmmm not impress, my Carne asada burrito was dry, and not special, the sour cream was all at the bottom and not all over, no sauce inside, dry beans. Tasty, eatable, but I would not get out of my way for one...and I miss guacamole, avocado chunks just did not do it for me
This place gave me the best drunken burrito of my life. I will never forget you.This review marks the end of an era really. I've only reviewed South/Latin American/Mexican places to this point on Yelp, but after I've eaten at El Faroltio I've decided that I found exactly what I was looking for. There is no point on going on any further (reviewing Latin American places that is, not living). If only I lived in SF.
Been going there for years. Best Super Burrito I have ever had. Best burrito in the Bay. Every time I go, it taste even better. I reccomend quesadilla, super burrito and super nachos.
This place is legit! Had the super quesadilla suiza with carne asada and it was great ..
This is the perfect place for a cheap, late-night burrito. If it's past 1am and you're buzzing after the bars and clubs, this place is 5 stars.
Cheap Drunk Food. Probably the best out there.I think it loses much of the charm when you haven't been drinking, unfortunately.
For 20 years I've been enjoying burritos here, and would have given them 5 starts until today. Same experience as a previous poster from today brings them down to 3.I went out of my way to use the Scoutmob 50% off deal today and they refused the printed coupon which does not expire for several days! And while I have always claimed El Farolito's carne asada burritos to be the best around, today's burrito had the tasty carne asada but with way too much tasteless rice which ruined the usually amazing flavor combinations.BOO El Farolito, for refusing your commitment to a deal and I hope you aren't trying to skimp on flavor to save a few pennies because you'll lose a lot of loyal customers and you'll stop getting your 7x7, etc reviews before you know it.
Delicious Mexican food. This is my favorite place for Mexican food.
So turning 29 kinds blows. perhaps it's the anticipation of 30, perhaps it's the thought of "where the fuck did my 20's go?" Either way, how better to celebrate then with a GIANT burrito from El Farolito? So after going to see Fu Manchu (happy birthday to me...) my drunken friends and I stumbled over to El Farolito to satisfy our post PBR burrito craving. This place is a TOTAL DIVE. But somehow oddly charming. My drunk ass ordered in Spanish and none of the counter staff smirked at my "gringa" cerveza slurred Spanglish. These dudes have seen everything. No joke this effin' burrito could feed an entire Hockey Team. And I grew up playing hockey, and those fellas can eat, screw and drink ALOT.  Somehow I ate it all. The next day I wanted to die. My partners in crime and I all felt the same, and have sense dubbed El Farolito, "El FARTlito" talk about "un buen pedo" dios mio!
I think Farolito & Cancun will forever be the top bracket contenders in the epic battle for San Francisco's best taqueria. It's got great location, great food, and great hours. As noted by others, while enjoyable food whenever, those who have been imbibing are especially grateful for its artery-clogging goodness.
i don't know... maybe the way how I like my burrito has changed. After many attempts to try other burrito places, I must say EL FAROLITO is probably my favorite! I guess I never appreciated them because I ALWAYS COME HERE... but after attempting to eat at other "popular" burrito joints... I have to say I got mad love for you El Farolito. Now, I'm happy I live close by so I can come to you whenever I want. Also, you open late so i love you even more
After being semi-drunk from The Knockout and Delirium, I dragged my ass to this place. Mexican food is my comfort drunk food. My friend and I split the steak super quesadilla, and it was super YUMMY! Yes, the line can be out the door but it's moving pretty fast and the best part, it opens til 3am!! A perfect place to cater drunk asses like me.
Another great taqueria in the Mission - it seems like an endless supply exist as I continue on my quest to find the best taco in town.I loved the feel of El Farolito as it was a total mission taqueria. Long diner line, meats all over the grill, and a host of interesting characters to boot. There was even a puppy Siberian Husky inside, but I highly doubt full size dogs are allowed in here. Are they???I went with the chicken taco instead of my usual carne asada selection. I ordered mine with cheese and sour cream and was extremely happy with this delicious taco! There are 3 salsas to choose from and the two I had were GREAT.The other person I was with ordered a burrito sans sour cream and found the chicken to be dry and the burrito to be not so tasty. Soooo... go with the sour cream to add some flavor.
I rate subjectively. Objectively, it doesn't surprise me that most people give this four or five stars.Subjectively, I eat chicken, fish, and vegetarian only. I have a don't ask don't tell policy toward lard--I will deal with it if the food is really good. Well, this food was really, really lardy. The corn chips reeked of lard. The burrito was a lard bomb. Every single bite was overwhelmed by the stuff.Another problem--I ordered a chicken burrito, another person ordered a pork burrito. The dude got our foil-wrapped burritos switched. Don't just guess dude, that's bullshit.Truth be told, the burritos seemed good enough--not something I'd give five stars to even if I was a carnivore--but decent. But there are a bunch of Mission-influenced burrito joint across the country that I strongly prefer, even if this is the "real deal."
This place is home of the best tacos, EVER. Trust me, you won't find a better taco anywhere else. I have never had a taco so flavorful and delicious before El Farolito. There's always a long line, and it's definitely the best place to go after a night out in the city. Order the Al Pastor or Carnitas tacos along with the Chorizo tacos if you're looking for flavor. The Al Pastor tacos are pretty spicy, so if you're not looking for a rather fiery experience, I'd advise that you stay away from them. Otherwise, fire away! I just recently tried the Super Suisa (sp?) Quesadillas, and holy mother of cows, that is one great quesadilla. Just be sure to share with someone, since there's more than enough cheesy meaty goodness to go around. It's places like these that make me thank my lucky stars that I'm not a vegetarian.
It's hard to stay in a drunk, swerve-wobble of a line. It's hard to wait for anything at two am in the morning. -but it's worth it. They whip that food out of there like they were shaving off flaming hair...fast I say. Even the guy taking the order- I never knew change could come out of a cash register that fast. For that matter, I never knew I could be amazed at the dissemination of pennies. And pennies it was, I ordered two carnitas tacos, carne asada super burrito and chips for under $10. Food for two people. So foodwise, what sets it apart? -the grilling and quality of the meat. It's got that slight pan-season-char to it. The kind you can only get with an extremely hot pan and an attentive cook. The quality is great, Animal Candy. Always get the 'super' in the burrito category (sour cream and avocados) On the little salsa bar, they have whole pickled jalapenos, which is essential for hungover heartburn. The green salsa is spicy and fresh. Red salsa is good. The chips were bought and blah. -to be nit-picky the carnitas could have been a little more fried, you know with a slight crispiness Go to a bar, dance till you get kicked out. Go to fantastic Faro' get a Carne Asada Super Burrito
Sober, drunk, drunkish... all good states to be in at El Farolito.It's soo good, and always terrific for some local color.But why does my face smell like sour cream?My friend Nate: "You have some cilantro stuck in your teeth."Me: [smears burrito down face for effect] "where, here?"Nate: [giggles] "you're an idiot."Me: [smears burrito down other side of face] "this is like the sour cream Peter North shot!"Nate: "I'm getting more napkins, you freaking fool."Mexican guy: [staring in befuddlement] "Spanishspanishspanish" [he probably said, "white girls are crazy sluts"].Nah... we just really like burritos.
Damn you, El Farolito! Why must I make a pilgrimage to you each and every Friday night after drinking heavily in the Mission? I already ate dinner some six or so hours ago, but yet you call to me, with your siren song, begging me to cram another calorie-infused piece of pure goodness down my gullet.Your sour cream is rich, your cheese is divine, your avocado is beyond words. Quite frankly, every option on your delectable menu will fulfill my drunken desires. How i dream of you, crave you, at my desk during the week, knowing full well that I shall be thrusted back into your arms within the coming days.El Farolito, you are my jam. I only wish you were located in my very kitchen.
Sometimes I just have to get off BART on the way home to DC @ 24th and Mission for an al pastor burrito. Then I re-board with it, go home, and chow down. I can't help it.Last time I went with a friend, she tried some of mine then said she was going to get one for herself to take home and eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner the next day. She was joking of course, but they really are that HUGE.I had fun with the jukebox one time.
For at least 2.5 years, Farolito was my taqueria. I'm a brand-loyal, compulsive eater and buyer, and went here exclusive to any other taqueria.The last time I visited regularly was late 2005. I went last night to check in. Here's what I found, having shifted my allegiance to Can-Cun more than two years ago:The line moves quickly, and the orders come out fast. I've never been bothered by how tiny and dirty it is, so that's fine.But the menu is somewhat confusing. A veggie burrito is around $5, and a super burrito (with meat) is $5.45. But a super veggie burrito is also $5.45. So is a regular burrito (minus avocado and sour cream, basically). There's no scale, seemingly.I LOVE that they still grill the tortillas. Not enough places do this.And I also love that they use avocado slices instead of guacamole. I'm admittedly a guac-snob, and most places' guac just isn't up to snuff. Avocado is more appealing, also, if you dip chips into your burrito like I do.The non-chunky red salsa is still my favorite. I would quite happy on a diet of it-and-chips forever. The tomatillo is magical also.But the biggest drawback, and this may have been a one-off, was the fact that I didn't get chips. I vaguely recall the weaning away of the chips gratis service all those years ago. Not sure if it finally happened, officially, or whether they forgot to offer, and I forgot to ask.All in all, it was good enough, but I don't think I'll be going back regularly anytime soon.
2215 reviews of this place!?!? Well this is 2216. I lived at 24th/Bryant and stumbled across this place just looking for the closest halfway decent taqueria. There is plenty to choose from in "Little Tijuana" and it's hard to distinguish which place to go to. The good news is, 9 times out of 10 the food is going to be cheap, easy and delicious. Farolito does something special though by way of having the cheapest most delicious veggie burrito with full fixins INCLUDING AVOCADO all for about $5 (depending on if you get a drink, chips etc.). The best news is, I have not conquered this veggie beast in one sitting yet which is a wonderful feeling. I love eating to the point of being full and having a little butt to put in the fridge for when I get the munchies later. Someone informed me that Farolito means lighthouse, hence the obvious icon on their storefronts I never noticed for years. Been to this location and the one on Mission St. and missed it each time. Now I realize I was a wayward sailor searching for nourishment, sustenance and Farolito led me to safe shores filled with black beans, rice, pico de gallo and so much more! Also a great place to catch a Football (as in Soccer) game while you're downing your burrito. Tacos and enchiladas are next for me to try!
Very large and tasty burritos. Must get the Carne Asada! delcious meat, so flavorful... packed with beans, cheese, and rice.. I got the super burrito.. god help you if you finish it... probably can handle half of it at a time then food coma the rest of the day.. the. Location.. not so good. lots of homeless people near the bart station.. food.. authentic mexican... dirty delcious and darn cheap.
As if there was anything to add to the 800+ reviews... this is why poeple from all around the Bay area come to the Mission for Mexican food.We got the burrito con pollo with the works and a quesadilla sueza con carne. Both were delicious. Great meat, rice, beans, tons of cheese, guac and sour cream.El Farolito has a "hole in the wall" kinda vibe.. with a line out the front door. I am from so cal, and like to think of myself as an advanced consumer of mexican food. This is top 5 mexican food restaurants I have ever been to.As if the food didn't sell itself, the price will. My girlfriend and I both ate, w/drink and chips for $15... where else in SF can you do that? We left full, and happy.I can't wait to go back!!!
I've been wanting to try this place for so long and finally today was the day! Having starved through the entire morning and part of the afternoon, my gf and I made our journey here. When we got in the vicinity, we noticed there was a power outtage. CRAP. It was mayhem. The streets were clogged, people were crossing the busy intersection of 24th and Mission and some drivers had no regard for rules and right of way whatsoever. Finally found a sweet parking spot around the corner and we ran to go to see if our hopes and dreams would be crushed from a power outage. We peered through the window and right behind it, was a man, working on his craft, grilling tortillas and meats. We were safe! We went inside and noticed the outage had affected the restaurant. No lights at all! The refridgerator was dead, and they had to take the tray out of the cash register to do transactions. We ordered from the menu on the wall, lit up by the light flowing in from the street. Super Quesadilla Suiza and Super Burrito please! Both with carne asada! When our order came up, they had made a mistake and gave me 2 Quesadillas so I brought that up with the guy behind the reg. and he quickly had a burrito made for me. We thanked them and left, running to the car to devour our goodies. The burrito is like a small child. Weighed maybe 4 lbs! I ripped off the foil and took a bite. It was nerve-wracking. The steak, beautifully marinated and grilled on the flat iron griddle, with bits of charred meat here and there, tender and juicy. The rice was a bit....overdone, a bit dry but I can let that by since they did have a power outage. The tortilla had been warmed on the grill also, so it had a toasty, crunchy taste to it. They put it grilled side up when they wrap it, so the outside is a soft, pillowy-yet chewy texture while the inside was lightly toasty and crisp. The avocado, beans, sour cream, and salsa blendly blissfully with the entire burrito. It was great. The gf's quesadilla was similar to my burrito, just no beans or rice. But the more grilled tortilla matched well with the beefy steak. Must go again!
So damn good and mucho cheapo! *food coma*Can't finish review....sooo tired...sooo full.
Everyone knows that this is the place to go after a long night out in the mission. Their Mexican food is fresh, tasty, and has just enough grease to sober you up or recover from your hangover.
Food was OK, salsa bar wasn't too fresh or special, and the place is super filthy. I don't see why it's so popular with so many other choices in the mission.It's on par with the quality of the chain "El Faro", nothing to rave about.
Best Burrito's best food! No contest. Plus its right at the corner of 24th and Mission, so there's Bart, plenty of bars, and shops around.Great place to go after last call!
I had a Regular burrito, al Pastor, with refried beans, add avocado. If you want a burrito, this is as good as it gets. Next time I go I'm trying the Carne Asada. It was less than $6, and there were plenty of picnic tables available to sit at. The line was out the taqueria and down the block, but it only took 15 minutes before we were sitting with our burritos. The rice was fluffy and wonderful, the pork was marinated to perfection, the burrito was enough for two meals (but I ate it in one sitting because I am trying to keep my girlish figure), and it's not too salty or greasy so it tastes fresh.
Was recommended by a friend's professor here at SFSU. Was very excited by the reviews I had seen. The area seems a bit "sketchy", but was what made the "hole in the wall" feel and ambiance. Walked in, and didn't take card, only cash. Did not take long to order, nor to get the food. Got it in less than 10 minutes. I decided to get the Chorizo Super Burrito with no sour cream and an Al Pastor Taco with the works. Usually my experience with al pastor is a nice fatty piece of meat with some barbecue flavor. Maybe it was just me, but I have had better. Really lean, but the vegetables and salsa felt refreshing... The burrito was a big disappointment however. I understand chorizo can get oily, but this was ridiculous. Dripping and dripping the juices and oils from the chorizo which made my hands nasty, as well as the mediocre rice. It wasn't bad, but on a scale of 1-10, I'd have to give this experience a 5 (would have been a 4, but the ambiance inside the restaurant was pretty neat). Jukebox, horchata, jamaica, and the sound of many hungry patrons in the area. Would I recommend it, possibly. I haven't given up, possibly try the pollo tacos. But not for a while.-the foodieP.S. don't ask any worker for something, they tend to "roll" their eyes at you... SMH.
So, somebody buzzes me into the bathroom, which is unisex, I think, and also has a urinal. The stall has no door - it is a token half partition that manages to somewhat obscure the juicier visuals, but it's not much for privacy. No sooner have I sat down to relieve myself of previously made decisions about beer than do I hear a *buzz* and the door open and it is some guy who I can hear and halfway see stand next to me, unzip, and start peeing at the urinal. I let him know that I am there and he doesn't bat an eye, doesn't interrupt his very loud stream or anything. So I'm done, zipping up, and waiting for him to do the same so that we can awkwardly exit together. Will somebody tell me what country I'm in, and will somebody slap the guy in charge of the buzzer in the balls?So that was pretty fun and all, but I'm not sure I'll ever be desparate enough to try it again. Probably the rest of you out there took good stock of your surroundings while ordering and knew better than to try the bathroom.Best quesadilla by drunken standards, and by far.
A good amount of food for your money but definitely lacking in quality. If you're in that neighborhood and looking for a great burrito at a great price then go to Taqueria Cancun.
The real deal! You MUST order the Carne Asada in whatever it is that you choose to enjoy. In my opinion, this is the best Taqueria in San Francisco.Everything is fresh from the deliciously prepared carne asada to the chewy, yet soft tortillas and the creamy avocados.  I prefer the quesadilla, with carne asada (of course!). Which, because of it's enormous size, is a two meal indulgence. It has a such a cheesy and meaty delicousness that can't be beat!!The last time I visited, I took my husband, who has been an avid loyal customer of Pancho Villa. While we were enjoying our food, all I really heard from him was "Wow" and "This is REALLY good" and an occasional "Mmmmm". I think he was converted by the time he finished his super burrito. The nice thing about this location is that it is literally next to the 24th St. BART stop, so it's super convenient.The only negative I have to say about El Farolito is the chips, just not impressive to me at all, but I really don't judge a taqueria on their chips, anyway.
One of the city's better Taquerias. The Super Quesadilla with carne asada is super nomz!
Usually, the funkier the Mexican place the better the food. El Farolito is a notable exception to this venerable axiom.Lets list the reasons, shall we:Reason the first: NO FREE CHIPS! What kind of self-respecting Mexican place charges for chips? It's unheard of and should not be tolerated. After spending 10 bucks on burritos, you want me to spend an additional $.50 on chips? SCREW THAT.Reason the second: Sitting in the back I noted the distinct odor of urinal cake. Granted, it did not have the potency of Molotov's, but it was there -- lingering in my nostrils as I ate my burrito. Food places should not smell like pee places -- this is so obvious it shouldn't even be a rule.Reason the third (also known as the final reason): WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING BACK THERE? 10 MINUTES FOR A FRIGGIN' SUPER VEGI BURRITO WHILE THERE'S NO LINE? This is absurd. Totally friggin ABSURD. How was the burrito? It was a standard burrito that certainly did not have 10 minutes of love shoved into it.I as far as I can reason, most of the visits to this shop are in some sort of drunken rage at around 2am -- which could be the only explanation for such a high rating for such a low quality product.Maybe I'll return drunk and change my tune.
I want to love you as much as some of my friends, and various other people. But - well, I just cannot. My robot heart cannot.This is my favorite Mission (and SF) taqueria - of the ones I've been to. It has a fantastic location, which means I will return. But, and I just don't know quite how to say it, it barely ranks at 4 stars. It is over 3.5, so I am rounding up, but well, the food is good, just not mindblowing. It's cheap (although 50 cents for chips is sorta sad - that being said I probably don't need to eat the chips AND the burrito). Where is the real good stuff?
Good burritos, the carne asada is official. the place is authentic but the strawberry fresca is a must. I have never had such a glorious refreshment in all my many days. why didnt someone tell me about this concotion? its now painfully clear that i am not truly loved.the salsa bar is 3 stars, the chips themselves are value-less.
My Super Veggie Burrito was tasty. Sloppy and with too much sour cream (and no lettuce), but good flavor that I haven't tasted elsewhere. Good for dumping salsa on and stuffing your mouth with. That's why this place gets a good rating.However, the whole ambiance of the place will likely prevent me from returning often. It's small, crowded, and messy. The inspection score posted on the wall is a 68/100. This is the dive bar of burrito shops. The first table I got was all the way in the back, where the air smelled like strong bathroom cleaner (being right by the bathrooms). There was no way I could enjoy my food there, so I switched tables as soon as another vacated a few minutes later. I enjoyed my burrito in peace, but when I had a few bites left I got up to refill my water. As soon as I turned around my table was already cleared for the next person, the rest of my food thrown away. It was literally about 5 or 6 seconds. I shrugged and walked out.Last tip: Do not bother with the 50-cent chips. They are from a bag and have no taste whatsoever. Blegh.
I had actually eaten burritos from El Farolito many times before I had ever stepped foot inside it. I work the graveyard shift, and some of my coworkers often made late-night burrito runs to this place because it was the only place that was open. I was usually amused by the stories of drunken hipsters, but the burritos were decent--when they got my order right. I would say there's a one-in-three chance they'll get your order wrong, and I don't mean they'll add guacamole. A couple times I've gotten shrimp in my vegetarian burrito, and one time, I got beef.Because I was curious, I actually visited the location myself one Friday night. That was a big mistake. The line was long, which wouldn't be so bad except that almost everyone in line was a hipster. I'm not exaggerating. So in addition to having to wait in line in a dirty, noisy place, I had to listen to fourteen conversations about track bikes, flashmob pillow fights, and RC-car parties. And 90 percent of the interlocutors were wearing the hipster uniform--conductor cap, too-tight short jeans, and black-rimmed glasses.Did I mention the place was dirty? Disgustingly so. I'm all for greasy spoons, but I also know when there's a significant risk of finding rat feces in your burrito. And they got my order wrong again; I guess they like giving away free shrimp.I will never come here again, and I suggest you don't either.
MUY BIEN!!! Big portions, great tasting food, many choices. Plus there's nothing better than a good burrito and a cold beer! I go here every time I'm in town.
2 weeks of craving Mexican food+ eating unsatisfying "Mexican" food+eating mediocre Mexican food= I WANT GOOD MEXICAN. Enter El Farolito Hand me my BBQ chicken burrito. I am in food coma heaven.
great burritos. the wait is really short too. i got a super beef burrito and was planning on only eating half because i hate going to the gym on a full stomach but the burrito was too good i had to finish it all
Had an awesome experience, the staff was really nice, really diverse crowd, took a friend visiting to get a SF Mission mexican dinner. We were stoked with the delicious chips and salsa, as well as our Al Pastor selections. i look forward to going back and sampling some other items!  There was a bit of a wait in line, but it was busy and fun to see everyone at work. Yay.
This place brings back memories of $1 tacos and $2.50 burritos at 2am along the 9th Street tracks...the real deal! As we like to say, "fricking rip your lips off!"
For mexican food that isn't home made, this really is as good as it gets! everything there is sure to make your taste buds go wild! my favorite is the quesadilla!
Carne asada super suiza quesadillas. That is all.
I have no idea why this place tastes so good - it must be their grill. Their carne asada tastes so good! I love getting the crispy tacos with avocado added and no sour cream cuz I am lactose intolerant! My husband and I love to come here late at night. For some reason the line is always out the door but occasionally you can get lucky and get food right away. Plus it never really takes that long anyway to wait. I hate waiting for anything especially food in SF but it is worth it here.
Still my fave burrito joint in SF. Especially good after going out to the bars and clubs in the Mission. If you can manage to walk past the rows of street vendors selling bacon-wrapped hot dogs you'll be glad you did. Love the Carne Asada super burrito.
Wow! Excellent burrito!!So happy my friends dragged me here to eat at 2am this morning. I didn't want to go. But AFTER eating my very tasty and what I now consider to be the BEST burrito in the city, I was happy I went!This place was packed! Nice people, fast order and totally worth staying up for the additional hour needed. Excellent tacos, fresh salsa and yuuuummmm, orchata:)Do I recommend? Oh yeh!Will I be back? No question about it. Too good to pass up!I am thankful for the Mission and I am thankful for El Farolito!!
Good for late night people watching... you're going to be waiting for your food anyways.I had to get out of the house after midnight on a sunday. It can be hard to find a place for night owls around here, especially if it's not friday/saturday. Glad this place is open till 3am or something.Ordered my veggie burrito and waited near: big african american cop looking cool and composed in his motorcycle gear, a table of shady looking dudes in hoodies and giant pants, some cute girls from a club, a mexican guy with a sharp button down shirt and a big shiny mullet, and a doofy chubby white guy in sweat pants.The burrito was wonderful, especially with the avocado mixed in just right, and the sour cream so tangy. The salsa verde was perfect. I had a good one the night before at Taqueria Cancun which I liked because they toasted the tortilla on the outside perfectly- Farolito didn't but that's OK. If I could make one change I'd say less rice because it's such a gut buster. Good price, too. So big it fills me up all day and night. Don't go by appearances, the beat-up tables and solid color walls are as plain as the flavor is good.I stocked up on some of their excellent salsa from the bar and walked out to see the cop strapping on his helmet. On of the shady guys walked out and joked like he was about to jaywalk until the cop scared him, and the cop joked back about busting him. Seems like their food makes everyone happy.
I saw the New Pornographers last night at the Fox Theater in Oakland. AC Newman said the "Twin Cinema" lyrics are about getting a burrito at Farolito.
I'm no expert on Mission style burritos, but this is the best I've ever had. I ordered a burrito al pastor. It was big enough to fill you up for hours, but not obscenely huge to the point where you're discarding half of it. The ratio of meat, beans, rice and vegetables was perfect. Great moisture while not too greasy. Pork was good quality - no nasty bits here. And super location by the 24th St BART station.
Last time I was here I totally failed at ordering (sorry burritos), but the other day I 100% succeeded...BEST QUESADILLA EVER!Super Quesadilla with marinated pork is the way to go for sure. Don't get this if you are afraid of/don't like grease, cause this baby is majorly greasy...dripping through my fingers and all over my face greasy...very sexy. I think it's called the Super Suiza at El Farolito, and it comes stuffed with cheese, meat, sour cream and pretty much an entire avocado all for about $5.  Awesome deal. The burritos here are pretty delicious too, not nearly as good as the Super Suiza, but I would trade beans and rice for extra cheese any day. Watch out though, these burritos are fff-ing HUGE a.k.a as big as a 24oz water bottle, and it WILL dominate you. Yet another reason why the Super Suiza is superior, it is a much more manageable food option...you'll be full but you will be the dominator...in your face quesadilla.Not the nicest place around, but don't complain, you're not paying for the atmosphere...I disagree with anyone who says your food doesn't taste as good if you eat there, I've eaten in every time and it's always been good...dirt builds character. Don't get the chips though, they really do suck.
This place is really best for late night quesadilla suiza or super nachos. Really 2 stars but I raised by 1 star for nostalgia's sake: I think I saw a fight break out the first 3 times I ever went here (always late on a Friday/Saturday night). And the salsa verde was surprisingly good.
Unimpressive.Maybe I'm spoiled from living in Los Angeles, Land of Taco Trucks and Taquerias. Maybe I should've ordered a burrito, I mean, the Mission is supposed to be Burrito Central. Maybe it was an off night, or they just ran out of the good stuff? Who knows.But damn, I was disappointed. Granted, the tacos were huge. But they were terrible!Sure, you get a copious amount of meat, but the meat sucks! The al pastor was dry and disgusting. Clearly not cooked on a spit, I think they just fry it up on the griddle. The carnitas was meh, but I find a lot of places don't make carnitas to my liking. Even the carne asada was bad. And the damn tacos cost like twice what I would pay in LA (iirc). Garbage.And to make things worse, it's a clusterfuck of hipsters in horizontal striped hoodies and clashing 80s gear. Apparently though, I might be a hipster too, so I shouldn't hate. I guess I was more annoyed that it was a clusterfuck and the service was achingly slow. That and the drunk moron whitebread vegan in front of me who ordered a burrito with just rice. No cheese, no beans, no meat. Just rice. WTF.I'll try a burrito next time, but man, if that sucks too..Zero stars until you show me what you got!
It was past midnight when we walked into the Taqueria. It was packed and it had a long line. We ordered 2 veg burritos, and they were gigantic! It hit the right spot, where it was well balanced, did not have too much of one ingredient, and it was good to the last bite. Since we live so close to it, we will be frequenting it a lot!
Let's be honest the location is great for SF's large mission population and the hours suite the neighborhood crowd well. However, these really shouldn't save the fact that the building interior and interior are dirty and the service is lack luster. My trip to the store recently was not the worst but I'd rather spend my money at a cleaner, more inviting taqueria. When I went on a busy weekend afternoon the all male crew taking orders and making food seemed uninterested in everything they were doing and when I got my order of 'pollo' to go it was all sideways in a bag with grease dripping out. My husbands tacos were 'carne asada' and he enjoyed them but also commented on their grease-factor. As another yelper commented the grease here is excessive at times! Again, not to bad-mouth the store but there seem to be better options around town with far less praise than this 24th street pit-stop. Oh, they also accept cash only, laugh constantly as they yell each order in spanish, and have a number of suitcases on their shelving that line the walls.
Get the carne asada! I had the super burrito with salsa verde, and holy cow. It was as big as my arm. Could have easily fed two people. The carne asada is so flavorful and juicy, and I stuffed myself silly trying to eat as much as I could. When we came in, the place was packed with people, but service was friendly and super-fast. I've eaten my fair share of Mexican food, and this is some of the best.
The pollo asado super suiza (it's a super quesadilla... I dunno why they call it suiza) is the most amazing thing a drunkaholic can eat at 2:30am. The only downside is a kind of an upside: there's always a long line out the door and you'll have to wait at least 20 mins. "HTF is this an upside," you ask? Because believe it or not, you're not the only drunk-off-your-ass-yahoo in line for a super suiza! Yes it's always quite the entertaining wait at El Farolito!My latest trip to the little light involved a certain out-of-the-middle-ages-and-straight-to-the-department-store fellow that I would eventually dub "Lothar": An impressive 5'6", this man-of-men boasted a full flowing blond hair not only on his head, but from cheeks, chin, neck, and even out of the top of his solid green dress shirt, similar to ivy cresting a brick wall. But his full mane isn't what catches my attention: it's the argyle-patterned wool sweater, tied neatly around his Dockers that gets me all excited! (remember, I'm drunk at this point) I bellow my best pirate "ARRRRGGHHYLES!" at him. He's not amused.Fast forward a bit: My roommate and I are exchanging standard awkward small talk with him when a group of semi-attractive club girls appears out of nowhere (they hop out of a cab), bat their eyes at this poor unwitting Gentleman and cut in front of him (and therefore, us) in line. Nuh-uh!Me: "What the fuck?? You girls at least gotta go behind us!"Lothar (taken completely aghast): "Now THAT is quite the mouth you have young man!" (I'm probably older than him) "have you no respect for these lovely ladies?"Is this guy for real?? I immediately decide his name is Lothar: "Very good, Sir Lothar! I'm glad to see that Chivalry lives on!" Lothar isn't pleased and keeps spouting down to me from his high horse. I guess he IS for real! A real-life Knight of the Round Table, sent forward through time by God Himself teach ME a thing or two about chivalry! latron...Lothar finishes his Mexican meal first and passes our table on his way out the door, coke bottle still in hand. My drunken reaction is to stand and raise a toast to the restaurant: "To Lothar! Defender of Chivalry and The Free World!!" To my complete surprise, he actually clinks his coke bottle to mine! And just when I'm about to sit back down in smug satisfaction, my wasted roommate comes out of left field, coke bottle raised, and bellows, "MEAD!!!!!" (yeah, wrong era but tooootally hilarious when you're drunk in a packed taqueria at 3am)
This is the stop for burritos, if you want a fat burrito for a good price with a strawberry drink aqua de fresca this is the place. every time I need to take the BART I cant help myself getting a snack first, lol. Living on the east coast you really miss this spot when your gone, the amount that you get, it makes you wonder if they no what portion control is. even though the cost of living in the mission is rising, there price is super low compared to other places around the area, but if you live in the east bay its so much better cheaper with the same amount of food
"You can't have your way all the time Renae", that's how I usually end up at El Farolito. It's fine, I don't love it, I don't hate it. They put rice in their burritos, and we all know how I feel about that. I do appreciate the fact that they are open so late on the weekends, because sometimes you just really need something to soak up the alcohol. So for that, three stars.
El Farolito is one of those places you don't come across too often. I've been a connoisseur of burritos and Mexican food for years and this place serves the best I've ever eaten.I had my first taste of El Farolito after the Carnival parade on Mission. The restaurant was packed with a line out the door. Any place this packed has to be good so I was really excited to give their food a try. Inside, El Farolito is very small with just a few tables in the back. Luckily we were able to swipe one from a group that was leaving after we had ordered our food. The atmosphere was noisy and very lively. The perfect setting for some great Mexican food. I ended up ordering the super burrito with carnitas and black beans. Hands down, it was the best burrito I've ever eaten. To start from the outside, the tortilla was soft and chewy. It wasn't overly starchy and thick, but enough to keep the ingredients from leaking out. The carnitas was tender and flavorful, just how it should taste. I can't tell you how many times I've been served crunchy, dry carnitas. The stuff at El Farolito was just right. The rice had a nice mild flavor with hints of lime. The beans were well cooked, firm but soft on the inside. Lastly, the salsa was what really shone through apart from the excellent carnitas. It had a great tomato and onion flavor with just a hint of spice. It's the kind of salsa that tastes so good, you can eat it with a spoon. The freshness of the ingredients only enhanced the rest of the burrito.It's too bad I no longer live in the Bay Area, because this place is a gem. If you're in or around San Francisco, absolutely stop by El Farolito. You just don't run into places like this everyday.
So so so so so so so good. Like i cannot even describe how good my meal was. So i wandered in and ordered the super carne asada burrito. the guy who took my order was talking really fast and i really couldnt understand him but whatever, as long as i ordered the burrito, it was all good. i love that they have their own do it yourself salsa thing cause then you can grab as much as you want! i got my burrito and had to ride the bus back to school (which ended up being like an hour and a half bus ride since 2 of the busses i was on broke down) and i figured my burrito would be gross and cold by the time i got to eating it. when i actually ate it though it tasted pretty good! like even though it cooled down, the flavors were still there! i cant even imagine how good it would be eating it hot and freshly made!
Three words for you...Super Quesadilla Suiza. Get it, taste it, devour it, love it. I would come into the Mission from San Mateo just to order one if I really wanted to. Their burritos are also pretty solid too. Pollo asado is my favorite meat to order, although their carnitas and carne asada are just as good. It's not a joint where ambiance is a priority, and space is definitely limited. But, if you're looking for a place to get some good taqueria-style eats for take out, then this is your place.
WHAT A GREAT BURRITO!!! So much better than that shlok Papalote. I now believe this qualifies as one of the three best burritos i have had in San Francisco (the other two are still burritos I made). Pretty reasonable price and a whole lot of food! only downside was the tortilla chips were only average. I RECOMMEND IT THOUGH!!! "This pot roast is served best with a nice Burgundy and a side of cum"Paula Dean
Such a dive, but so delicious. This is complete sobering up food when you've been rolling around the Mission on a Friday.
Whenever I visit the fam in Cali, I have to head into the Mission District and grab a burrito. My stomach almost-always leads me to El Farolito. Carnitas, check. Pinto beans, check. "Super" (avocado, sour cream, etc.), check. There are some decent Mexican joints in NYC , but nothing beats an excellent Mission Street burrito and a drink and you don't even have to break a $10 bill.
Fantastic! This little hole in the wall taqueria is everything people say the Mission is all about. There's nothing fancy about their place, or their food for that matter, except for the deliciousness that goes into it. So good, that I made it my first review before going back there now!
Dude, finally had the balls to try the super quesadillas! It had some other name...BUT DAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Their burrittos are always off the hook, but now I have a new menu item!!!!!And yes, I still give it 5 stars regardless of the low score from the health dept-i figure the food moves through their hella quick & maybe I'm boosting my immunity LMAO...I love my justifications for still eating there!!And the drunk bastards...well, sometimes I'm one of them LOL so they don't bother me too much! Sometimes they even provide my friends and I entertainment....the most recent WTF was watching this dude eat 2...yes 2 burritos and he has 6, yes 6 freakin cokes ALL his! AND YES HE ate & drank it ALL!! I was shocked he didn't have a heart attack right there! He was a giant dude (not overweight, but Andre the Giant, okay smaller than Andre), but DAYAM!! straight eating as if he's going into hibernation...i didn't feel too bad stuffing my face! LMAO LMAO!
At two in the mornin' or at two in the afternoon, El Farolito stays the go-to place to feed that belly. I always get the super burrito, carne asada. It's like seven bucks and could feed a small nation. Of course, I usually finish it off in about fifteen minutes, glutton that I am. The staff is friendly and patient, even when faced with a line out the door of drunk rabble-rousers. El Farolito, te quiero!
I ordered a quesadilla. It was supposed to contain cheese and beef. They might have grinded the beef so strongly that it was only visible through a microscope but I suspect them to have simply forgetten it. Cheese and beef. Was it that too much ingredients to forget one of the two?Anyway, it was a good thing since on the six of us who ate there, I've been the only one who wasn't sick the day after :) Apparently, we've been unlucky. I hope it's true. Not sure if I want to give it a second try, anyway.As a recommendation, simply don't go there on a busy day and check what you've got before leaving (other reviews mentioned that they served incomplete orders).Oh, and it's cash only, be prepared.
I've been going here since high school (20+ years) and it hasn't changed a bit in quality. This place is outstanding. They make the best burrito in San Francisco, without question. They're also open obscenely late, which is nice for those night owl types.The options they give are crazy, as well. I don't know of any other place to get beef brain *gag* or any of that other nasty stuff...if that's what you enjoy (and if you do, you're nasty)
Delicious burritos at a great price! On a warm day (especially if I am hungry) I can think of nothing better than a al pastor super burrito with an horchata.The super burrito can be really heavy- to compensate, I like it without sour cream. I think the al pastor is actually better than the carnitas as it has a good flavor and varied textures. Chicken is also really good.I also love the decor- it is completely function and feels like a cheap 80s pizza place. I'm just happy that its plainness keeps the costs down.
Delicioso! The carne asada super burrito was so good. Huge burrito, I was only able to eat 1/2, but definitely wanted more. The salsas were tasty, but wished they were more spicy.
I f-ing LOVE this place. The first time I went, I realized quickly that it's a tiny, sorta cramped hole-in-the-wall... and the line was almost around the block (!!!!!)The food is SO good. Try a burrito (any meat) or a super suiza quesadilla. Plus, they have an awesome self-serve salsa bar, which blows away any salsa you can get anywhere else. Also freshly made carrot and orange juice. Prices are super cheap, too.Simply a MUST TRY. I swear I won't go anywhere else in SF for a damn good burrito... even when it's 3am cause they're open that late!
best taqueria in the bay
I had the beef tongue super burrito... It was big enough to share with two other people lol!! Very tasty!!
You don't come here for atmosphere, you come here for HUGE portions of food at dirt cheap prices. Their carne asada and carnitas are both dry but flavorful. Rice and beans are totally average but if you dump on their really great salsa verde, it all becomes quite tasty. If you are used to SoCal Mexican food, by no means does this place stack up, but for all that you get, it is darned great on your wallet.
I always order either the carne asada or pollo asado super chicken burrito. Delicious, cheap, open late. Nearly perfect execution of a burrito.
BASIC, DECENT TACOS, but nothing special. Had pastor, asada, and carnitas... relatively expensive at $1.95 each.Looking for more Mexican? See my Mexican food list here:yelp.com/list_details?li
I had the carne asada burrito and it was delicious. One of the better burritos I've had in a long time. It's packed with meat, rice, sour cream and other the other normal stuff you see in a big ol' burrito. This place is packed though... we came and there was a line out the door. We had to stalk a couple of tables to find a place to sit.
Look, I'm sure that El Farolito's other menu items are delectable, but I cannot NOT get the carne asada burrito. It's too effin' good! A carne asada burrito is the standard by which I measure all Mexican food places and this place owns it! Some friends once drove 90 miles to deliver one of their burritos to me at work. I couldn't help but weep as I devoured it. It was still so delicious.I'm so jealous of you foos that get to eat here regularly!
A hole in the wall that offers you a hell of a treat. No its not the one that you find in the men's restroom at the gas station on the corner, but it is the next best thing. Atmosphere-wise, this place is grungy looking. There's essentially no decor, the place is small and tight, and tables line the side of the wall. But after you look past that, and decide to sit and eat, then you find a great little treasure. The super burritos are huge here, about the size of a chubby kid's forearm. The meats are a flavorful, enough so that you wouldn't need to drench your burrito is sauce, though if you do decide you want sauce, their green sauce and salsa are also delicious. In addition to the normal meat choices of carnitas and carne asada, you can also choose to have beef tongue or for the truly daring, beef brain (i guess they cater to zombies?). I got the marinated pork burrito and my gf got the langue, both tender and flavorful, and with enough leftovers for a snack later on. Overall I give them maybe 2 stars for atmosphere, and 5 for food (just come for the food, you won't regret it).
I stil can't figure out what they do to the carne asada here....but whatever it is its kept me coming back over...and over...and over. Gets the top pick for Carne Asada in SF in my book and the pollo asado isnt half bad either. Al Pastor only gets a 3 out of 5 though..you can do better.  They also have my coke in a bottle! (yes coke in a bottle tastes better --- not only because it is stored in a glass bottle and doesnt taste like a tin can, but because coca cola bottled in Mexico uses CANE SUGAR vs. the crappy high fructose corn syrup that we use here. So yes, it is better and prob better for you)I'm a taco guy here and I dig that I can get fresh avocado instead of guacamole. The salsa is also rockin.  One of my favorite joints in SF to eat at.
Went to Mortified at the Makeout Room and everyone wanted to get burritos before hand since you can take food in so I wound up here again, somewhat frightened (check out my last review). Long ass line as usual, but went quick. My burrito was made correctly (no cheese), but was still nothing to write home about. They don't mix it together that great either resulting in "rice areas" "bean areas" and "other" areas inside the burrito. No what I mean? The staff is very efficient and work their ASSES off so props to them. Maybe all the meaty cheesy shit is good here but it's not really amazing fair for the vegans.
omg. juicy burrito and and nachos. where have you been all my life? or where have i been?glad i finally made it.. and it with good friends in tow.
MY FAVORITE BURRITO PLACE IN SAN FRANCISCO! I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I LOVE the super burritos and they have such great salsa.Sucks there's always a line out the door but what can ya do, the place is so friggin good.WOOOOO!
Best super grilled chicken burrito in the city, hands down. If I die, Faralitos will be my heaven.
After trying most of the Burrito joints in SF, this is the place to be. Outstanding taste and flavor. Dont forget to try the Super Suiza Qasadella, so goooooood
Ok so they make a decent burrito and although everyone I know is like OMG it's best I think it is one of those places that is like good memories make it an awesome place. Pretty decent price, large burrito totally too much than what you should be able to eat. Tastes great, however I would never wait in line for it. It's open well past closing time of any bar so I guess this becomes the stop for many in their tipsy special state.
I've been to this Farolito just as often as the one on 24th, but if I had my druthers, I'd head down to the other branch.The food is almost identical, but I could do without the Mission scene, and believe sh*t hasn't changed in the 8 years I've been going to either.Creedence in the jukebox? Come on.Still, I heard that Farolito is about to become a publicly traded company, and you know I'll be buying some shares.
Now that I live in NY, I dream of El Farolito sometimes...Floating steak super burritos with creamy sour cream and a perfectly grilled steak center. No hipster black beans here just honest to goodness burrito heaven. The place isn't much on ambiance (LOL) I don't think I have ever actually eaten inside. But if you are lucky, you'll get a street musician outside on 24th to serenade you and the other farolito addicts. I did and I still remember the refrain of "Siiiiit onnnn myyyy face" while eating my super burrito. Does life get any better?!?!?
The salsa bar has breadth, the quesadilla is commitment to excellence, and their burrito is in my top three of Mission St, so we might as well say the top three in the world.
Oh hell yeah. This is the real deal. A must for any local or visitor. A word to the wise, go BEFORE you get hungry, cause there WILL be a wait. Great Mexican food.
If you're looking for late night eating and/or late night people watching, here is your answer. It was after 2:00 a.m. and I was looking for an open bodega so I could get something to drink. I saw the line of drunk and stoned people queued in front of El Farolito and thought, "If they have food, they must have beverages."As the line slowly snaked inside, I took a closer look at the clientelle - there was the hipster couple, both had expensive eyeglasses, but they shared the oversized backpack; there were party girls and boys from the various clubs and dives nearby; there were some recent arrivals to San Francisco wearing cowboy hats and jeans who were friendly with the kitchen staff. Oh, and there was food too.The specialty here is the quesadilla suiza. It's a flour tortilla with queso, that is folded over to hold some carne asada (and guacamole etc. if you order the super). It's a mighty tasty alternative the burrito. Add a Coca Cola made with sugar cane and a couple bottles of water and you have you have your food and beverage needs solved for hours.
I thought I knew the best spot for a burrito, but I have been educated. El Farolito is it...burrito Mecca.  500 reviews and a 4.5 star rating cannot be wrong. Not going to ramble on about the neighborhood or the ghettoness of inside, its just an awesome place for a greasy delicious burrito.
The most amazing shrimp super burrito you will ever have in your life, ever. Flavorful, juicy shrimp with all the fixings, avocado, mexican rice (their's is the best, and this is usually how I judge a mexican eatery), sour cream, black beans, etc. It's huge! Definitely cannot be finished in one sitting, unless you want a food coma.
Whoa... this place served up one of the best mexican plates I have had in my life!!! I went into the bar after work w/ some co-workers. The bar is also owned by same restaurant owners next door and you can also order food.I had the Super nacho El Pastor. Damn was it screamin!!! We ordered another once another friend came in. Had a few beers and some Corralejo tequila. Good times w/ long time co-workers. Although this bar wasnt my norm w/ all the mexican music playing it was still chill and laid back and I was in the company of good people.Ill be back to try a carnitas or pollo plate of some sort in the future. Any order can easily serve two.FYI... soccer pool is off the hook for $10 a card/square to pick your teams! Big pay =)
I've only ever ordered one thing at El Farolito -- the Super Quesadilla Suiza -- and I may never try anything else on the menu because the Super Quesadilla is so AWESOME. Seriously. Five stars for this quesadilla alone. There is so much packed between the tortillas that it's like a burrito, minus the boring stuff (e.g., rice and beans -- who needs 'em?). Just bring cash and be prepared to deal with a crowd while you wait for the best quesadilla experience of your life.
This is probably my favorite taqueria of all time. It's a true SF institution and deserves mad props.The portions are huge, prices are cheap, service is fast and somehow the food is just more flavorful and satisfying than any other taqueria I've found. For a while, the BF was trying to convince me Papalote is better, but I can't deny what my taste buds tell me. I think it may be the onions they use in the burritos that makes them extra yummy and their meats seem to have more flavor, too. It's also open super late, has tables to sit at, and is conveniently located by BART. What more can you ask for? Well, perhaps it could be cleaner looking and the bathroom is kind of scary, but, hey, it's the Mission.
All memories of other burritos have faded away into the gray past. You are my one and only carne asada. Oh the meat, the flavor, the anticipation of my number being screamed amidst the drooling hungry crowd. You are my favorite.
Cheap, good, fast Mexican food at a convenient location. No wonder there's always a huge line at this place...
Despite its outward appearance this place always turns out quality Mexican food. The workers are speedy, and the food is made in front of you on the frier. Giving this place a 5 is a no brainer to me. If there is one thing I would like you, reader, to try it wouldn't be the food, because thats a given, it would be the Horchata! A delicious rice water with cinnamon drink, best served iced!
YUM. I was taking a class in the Mission week before last and ran over to El Farolito to pick up food for the group (having checked it out on Yelp before). We were in the middle of that ferocious heat wave, but my friend and I braved it just to have a chance to order from El Farolito. It is a dive, but a really good dive. We staggered back with two enormous plastic sacks of food, enough for an army, for $25. The portions were enormous and delicious. I put a small dent in what I'd ordered and took the rest home with me, where it lasted me the rest of the weekend. You can't go wrong.
Ask someone their favorite burrito in SF is like having them choose their favorite flower, it depends on personal taste. This taqueria does not get my vote. My vegetarian super burrito was bland, mushy beans were washed in meat and the ratio of sour cream to avocado was gross. #1This place is for meat eaters only and the cow head meat should've been my clue. #2 The atmosphere blows. Dirty, run down, I was afraid of touching anything. #3 Overrun with tourists. During my lunch time jaunt a wandering mistral played "feliz cumpleaos" for a party of 5.#3 The "salsa bar" does not compare to Pancho Villa.
The 5 stars is for the steak and chicken supreme with no sour cream burrito, the meats weren't chewy or fatty just meaty goodness, everything was super fresh and the very well seasoned and the steak had really crispy bits which made each bite have have a crunch to it, with the green and the red salsas...man it was pretty dam excellent. To me a burrito really can't be messed up but wow have I been wrong with other taquerias (La Cucumbre down the street ick). El farolito gave me faith again, that a burrito just because it's peasant food doesn't mean it should be acceptable for it not to have any flavor and quality. You can go to the million taquerias that are in every corner of san francisco but this place has a line around the corner for a reason.
When to go to El Farolito: 2am when you can pass out immediately afterward.When not to go to El Farolito: when you have ANYTHING to do later in the day. The food is good (I've had the cheese enchiladas and the quesadillas) and the portions are alarmingly large (the burrito feels like it weighs 5 lbs.). If you ever aspire to be hungry again and you know what's good for you, I'd share your meal with a friend. Even with 1/2 a portion, you will inevitably fall into a Farolito-induced coma and will most likely have to cancel your plans for the rest of the day. If you do manage to emerge from said coma, may I warn you that Farolito breath may be fatal to others.Still I can't help myself sometimes. I've already been here twice this week.
One of, if not THE best burrito place in SF. Amazing selection, tasty carne asada, cheap prices, I LOVE this place. The Super quesadilla is HUGE and delicious, full of sour cream avocado steak and cheese. All for under $7? Werd!
One of the best burritos in SF, carne asada is great.
I've had tacos, burritos and tostadas here and all have been really good. The tacos are chock full of flavorful meat, burritos are fat and stuffed full of ingredients and the tostadas are so overflowing with stuff, it's ridiculous. And the best part about it all? SUPER CHEAP! Super burritos are under $6 and the tostadas are under $3 and one is seriously, enough to fill you up. Tacos are just under $2 which isn't that cheap considering I'm good with most taco truck tacos at $1 each, although these definitely have more meat so the extra buck is understandable. As far as the meats go I've had carnitas, carne asada and chorizo and I've enjoyed each one. I wish I lived closer to this place because it would probably compete with my regular burrito spot.
Best "Boiled" chicken burrito period! Been coming here for close to 10 years now and it never disappoints..just don't get dumb and order the "grilled chicken". Everything else on the menu is stellar. Salsa Verde here is hot and you can buy a full pint of it for like $3 for your next party.Did you know the painting in the back of the "Gyro-thing" was painted by the owner and he brought it here when he moved to this country?Anyways, ;ate night I prefer the 24th location.The Oakland location ain't the same. Less volume and the food is uninspired. Never been to the San Diego one.Been trying to buy an apron from them for years now and they refuse.
Whether you're looking for a meal to cap off the night or just down right good Mexican food with huge portions at a reasonable price, you can't miss here.Party of 2.Highlights:Prices, portions, speedy service, the food.Deltas:Long lines (must be popular), overall cleanliness of the facility, and your occasional rowdy party-goer.Overall:I've been here twice. Once inebriated and another sober and surprisingly the food still tasted amazing. I love their burritos with the right proportions of meat, rice, guac, sour cream, salsa, etc. And they are huge, it takes willpower to polish off a super. The line is long, but its definitely worth the wait.
The pluses: Cheap. Massive portions. Grilled tortillas (instead of steamed.) No peas in the rice. Open very late. Experienced staff -- essentially the same crew for the 10 years I've been going here. Cooking it in front of my eyes.The minuses: High levels of squeamish reaction for apparent uncleanliness, neighborhood safety, the other patrons, the washroom, the drunks, cooking and serving the offal with the same utensils as my carne and pollo.Much better when I was a drinking man.
This place is so cheap! A super nachos for less than $6? Yes please! It's really busy all the time and they work as fast as they can to get you your food. My only complaints are that it's really dirty and their score from the HD was a 68... Probably because they do things like drink Tecate while working, the bathroom is kind of really dirty, and so are the tables and seats... but who cares? The dirt adds to the flavor.The seating is limited so make sure you have another place to eat at if you can't get a table there (park, friends house, etc)
for real...best carne asada super burrito ever! Been going for 8 years now! just keeps getting better!
El deliciouso!!! This place is fantastic. Hands down the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican in the city. If you are looking for a romantic night with your cuddle buddy, this is probably not the best place for you; but if you looking for a nacho/burrito orgasm, get in line! The burrito was out of this work - the tortilla is grilled to perfection, the melted cheese is just gooey enough, and the rice doesn't overwhelm the other flavors. Also worth mentioning are the nachos - a heeping and fattening feast! I am not saying you will feel good about yourself or your self-image after eating here (easily gained 5lbs in one sitting - but perhaps it is because two of us split three meals), but I am saying you belly will be thanking you for days. I am still have dreams about this place!
1000+ reviews can't even begin to cover how good this place is. As a native San Franciscan and (honorary Mexicana lol).. this place is LEGIT. Been coming here since forever. Two words = Quesadilla Suiza!
The best Mexican food for it's price in San Francisco!
I've always heard about this place and finally went. I had been to the South San Francisco location multiple times but kept hearing the SF location puts it to shame. I finally got the chance to go for dinner and it was pretty packed. The food came out in 15 minutes and either I was really hungry or it was one of the top 5 best burritos I have ever had. -1 star for being cash only but they know how to make top notch mexican food.
Disclaimer- I came here for dinner and not for late night so my perspective could be skewed.I had the vegetarian burrito. The tortillas are great- not too doughy and the right amount chewy. It was mostly rice and sour cream but it also had some delicious beans and fresh sliced avocado. The bean to rice balance was off- I wanted more beans. The sour cream just made the burrito kind of cold. Despite all of this, I almost finished the entire thing. One tiny complaint- they gave me no lime for my Corona. :( I understand this is not the kind of place to do that but when I eat my Mexican, I want a lime!  I can't think of a better burrito in SF but that doesn't say much because I usually avoid SF burritos on the assumption they will not be worth the 2 days worth of carbs they gift my love handles. Considering Jet Blue's random $14 flights to LA, in the future I think I will avoid the $16 cab ride to the Mission and just fly to LA for burritos next time I get a craving. Totally worth it.
There is only one way to eat El Farolito's is 1) late at night and 2) druuuuunk. Well, I suppose those two aren't absolutely necessary, but it helps! The quesadilla super suiza is delicious and big enough to feed two people. Not much else to say about this place, the price is right, but cleanliness of the place is a fright. Remember to bring cash money or you'll have to go to the end of the line!
This place is sooo good. The line is usually long but whenever I go I go with someone that knows fernando. I feel bad going straight to the front, but what else can you do when you're starving? Wait in line like everyone else? I don't think so. The burritos and super suizas are to die for! This is a great place to go to anytime. El Farolito opens late so it's great for everyone to grab a bite to eat after the bars and clubs closes.
So good. So, SO good. Food is dirt cheap and service is really fast. They're open really late, so it's perfect for a last pit stop after a night at the bars.
I'm not a huge Mexican food fan, but the quesadilla suiza at El Farolito was the best quesadilla I have ever had. The steak was so tender and non-gristly, it was heavenly. The next time I am in a limo, inebriated and dressed like a Domino with 6 of my closest friends, I will definitely return to El Farolito...Or sober...And dressed normally...
I can't understand why there is a line out the door to this place all the time at almost anytime of the day. It is definitely cheap, but in my opinio, compared to the others (cancun, papalote, le taqueria, poncho villa) their food is just eh... way too greasy for me, but it is the only place you can get a hard shell taco - haha :P
I came here a few weeks ago and when the cashier asked if I wanted beans in my chicken burrito, I said, "No, no beans-- just rice". So, a few minutes later the burrito is delivered to my table. Mmm. Chicken burrito. This is going to be delicious. Start taking a few bites. Hmm. There's a lot of rice in here. Few more bites. Interesting. Well, the chicken is probably stuffed at the center. After I got halfway through, it was clear-- they gave me a burrito stuffed with rice. No chicken, no salsa-- nothing. I said "just rice", and boy did they deliver that. You know what the amazing thing about it was, though? It actually tasted pretty good. I don't know how you make a tortilla stuffed with rice taste good, but they managed it. I've been to El Farolito many times before and a few times after that incident, and I've gotten fully stuffed chicken burritos every other time. And they tasted good too. If you're in the area, and crave mexican food, go here.
Simply put: best burrito i have ever had.Comparisons: Taco bell: seriously?Chipotle: Yea, whatever.El Taro: Close but no cigar.La Vicks (san jose): equally as dirty, but far from as tasty.Freebirds (santa barbara): closest to perfection, and perfection is El Farolito.usually has a decent sized line, but its worth it. If you're craving some late night mexican after a long night of drinking, go here - but bring a pal or two. The surrounding neighborhood is shoddy.
wow, this place is good. it's one of those hole in the wall mexican places with hearty big portions that are just oh-so-delicious. you line up and order at the counter, and then pick up your food later. it's open late so you can definitely come here after a long night of drinking.mmmmmmm. definitely would come back.
Quesadilla Suiza + Horchata = crazy delicious.I haven't ordered a quesadilla since taco bell stopped serving green sauce on 'em (WHY TB?! COME BACK!! petitiononline.com/TBGS0); they usually have too much cheese, always on this large-ass tortilla, but not here homies. Perfect amount of cheese, properly proportioned grilled tortillas, and thin slivers of steak. This is the type of food that will stop you in the middle of your Virginia Woolf/stream-of-consciousness bullshit monologue, talkin' about "HELLO homegirl!! it ain't always about YOU YOU YOU, let's talk 'bout ME for a minute." I had a similar conversation with a jelly donut from the Mennonite bakery in Xela once (anyone know what I'm speaking of?! If so, please PM me immediately so we can get married and make babies!!) Seriously tho, don't get no better.
This place is sooooo good. Had the super suiza with chicken, yummy! The burritos are huge and very good too.
"What's with all the white people in here?"That is what a small group of extremely overweight Latinas said as they smashed their fat asses against the people in line and people sitting down at El Farolito. For the record, "white people" were definitely the minority at the time.El Farolito is the kind of taqueria you go to by choice, only because a) you've been to every other place in the surrounding area and you want something else, b) the McDonald's across the street does not sound appetizing, or c) it's sometime before 4AM.I rarely have the burritos here, especially with La Cornetta and La Taqueria in such a close vicinity, but there is something about their carne asada tacos at 2:30 AM that makes me always order at least 4 of them. Pretty much everything on the menu is heavy, greasy, and therefore good.At around 2AM, though, the hipsters leave their dive bars and descend on this place like they are giving away free white belts and free emo hair cuts. The line exists far outside of the building, and eating inside can be hard to do. Definitely get there before 1:30AM if you want a seat or your food in a reasonable amount of time.My girlfriend's response to the chubmo Latina's question was, "What's with all the FAT people in here?" We're lucky we didn't get sat on or something.
I love their regular nachos! They used to serve too much but now the portion is just right. Best burritos in San Fran hands down. I've been going to them since I was 11 and will continue to be faithful to them.
God bless The Fart. I'm from Texas, which means I don't tend to do burritos in this city. As a Texan, I believe that rice has no business being in a burrito. Who needs a carb rolled around some more carbs? Gimme the good shit--meats and cheeses. So I always order a quesadilla in these here parts. A quesadilla is all of the burrito goodness without those useless rice and beans.The Fart's quesadillas are a thing of beauty. There's really nothing finer than stumbling into their BRIGHT YELLOW (I frequent The Fart at the corner of 24th and Alabama) shining edifice at 1:30 in the morning, sloshy and happy from a night at the bars. There have been many a night where it was my intention to stumble straight home from the bar without passing Go. But then, there it is, calling to me like a beacon, its jaundiced glow beckoning me like a warm and sexy lover. You place your order, and five to seven minutes later you are rewarded with a pouch of foil that is roughly the shape, size, and weight of a rugby ball. As you peel the foil back, you are blessed with the sweet, sweet smell of grilled pollo and grilled pollo greases. Sweet Mother Mary, Virgin of Guadalupe, the next five to seven minutes that you spend scarfing down this rugby ball of goodness will be among the finest of your life. Perhaps even finer than the last five to seven hours that you've spent funneling Jack n' Cokes down your throat. Don't get me wrong, a hangover that involves the better part of a bottle of Jack Daniel's and an El Farolito quesadilla isn't a pretty thing to behold. It's sorta like shitting out a cactus wrapped in sandpaper. But that's something to worry about in the future. Right now, right now? You are in the moment. And the moment is good.
Great food, great price, awful decor.I recommend the burrito and carne asada plate.Their green salsa is the best.
i live in the sunset, and she lives in the richmond. when we need a quick burrito fix, gordos is all we really got. but one beautiful saturday san francisco morning, we decided to venture out to the mission, and have a "real" burrito lunch.  we drove, parked, and found whatever we would find. DISCLAIMER: i'm originally from san diego, and if there's one thing san diegans will unanimously agree on, it's that burritos in san diego are the best. burritos are simply done different in LA and SF and everywhere else north of SD.so we ordered a few burritos and a few tacos. and wow, we ate. the pickled veggies were plentiful and delicious. the tacos were just the right size, and flavorful!
I seriously do not see what all the HYPE is about...best taqueria in SF? 7x7 what? Yes the burritos here are super cheap, filled to the brim and absolutely HUGE, but thats about it. Tried it twice, carne asada burrito was 4 out of 5 stars for sure...super solidThe other day, I had a taco here (couldn't eat a horse-sized super burrito) and it was really really dissapointing, the al pastor was all grease and fat, and i like some grease, not hating, but seriously it was soft, fat chunks and soggy tortilla, nothing really that exciting. However whats really disappointing here...THE CHIPS AND SALSA SUCK! Seriously, the chips are horrible, and the salsa is some of the worst i've ever tasted at a taqueria, and to top it off, they refuse to honor my scoutmob coupon that expired a week after i came there (totally illegal). If your wanting tons of burrito for very little cash, come here...but this is far from the best taqueria in the mission.
I haven't found carne asada or al pastor as savory as can be found here in the years since I first ate here; not even in Mexico (although I'm sure it's around somewhere). I wish I could have some right now, even though I just ate dinner... sad.
I love tacos. Anyone who knows me, knows this to be true. I am a taco-taste-tester taking my tried and true tongue to taco stands all over this city- this mecca for Mexico's most delicioso dishes. Taco hand to mouth resuscitation is my favored method.Nothing quite compares to the tacos, the service, and the price at El Farolito's on 24th and Mission. They are open late/early on the weekends and always worth the wait. I take BART here just to grab lunch during the week. Check this place out. If you haven't you're a fool, I say, a FOOL!
Maybe one of the best burrito's I have ever had. I like this place because it has that old school taqueria atmosphere. The prices are very inexpensive for the portions you get. There is usually a line but it moves pretty fast. Great food! Open late I'm pretty sure until 3:00 am so you get all the drunks in at that time. I would highly recommend this place. My only beef not giving 5 stars is the place is kinda dirty......
After spending the morning at Crushpad, I was in the mood for a burrito. We ended up here - it was great. The Carne Asada burrito was awesome. It was so well rolled that I could put it down flat and it all stayed together.I will definitely come back next time I'm in the Mission.
I LOVE this place. 4.45 for a regular burrito, 5.45 for a super, you can't beat this. The food taste great unlike that Chipotle crap. Yeah I said it, and no one is going to tell me otherwise. How Chipotle became that successful is beyond me. In El Farolito, the only anal thing I'll point out is their chips. Although they don't make their own, which i'm fine with, the chips aren't good. It's difficult to order nachos with that in mind. That aside, good stuff El Farolito.
This is pretty solid, delicious authentic mexican fare. The tacos & tortas aren't as decked out as I like, not to mention no chips & guac, but it was damn tasty. I am a carne asada lover, and this was some of the best tasting I've ever had. You must try it if you want an authentic flavor! (And you can get it delivered via Postmates, just sayin')
One night after riding the bay area rapid transit to the mission district sir K Midgley and I felt a hankering for a burrito...that's when things went strange...we went to La Taqueria right down the street and discovered that it was not nearly as good as El Farolito. El Farolito is BBBBIIIIGGGG, notoriously BIG. It was juicy, tasty, and impecable. El farolito is a trillion times better than La Taqueria. Their meat is much tasty and they have sour cream and guacamole that comes strandard. La Taqueria makes you pay extra for it thus making la taqueria a rich man's taco shop...rich in price, poor in taste.The burritos at el farolito are so good that me and midgley forfeited the last bart train that went directly back to pleasanton at midnight just to taste another burrito.
The food was really good. Even with all the positive reviews of this place, I was still surprised at how good it was. Vegetarian super burrito. Salsa verde was also good.
I should start my review by saying this is the only "Mission" burrito I have had, so I don't have much to compare it to. I ordered the carne asada super burrito and I have to say it was burrito perfection. The meat was SO good and the fresh avocado put it over the top. It was simple yet so flavorful. And it was huge. The place itself is a little dirty, but that was part of the experience. I will definitely be back on my next trip to San Francisco.
Omg. Crispy tacos. Al pastor. I am moving in.
Their shrimp burrito is totally win. Oh. My. Goodness. Hits the spot every time.
- Biggest, Best, Tastiest, Most Awesome Super Quesedilla I've ever had!- Super Nachos that you'll scrap through in no time with a spoon! - Carne Asada Tostada super sized meal that will have your bowels simultaneously cheering and passing out with joy.Diet or no diet, if you're here, you're splurging. And the great part is your wallet won't feel thin for it! 5 dollars gets you two half super quesedillas that are each as big as a chipotle burrito. You can share, but you won't have to. They're so damn tasty! This place is like a bad drug. I know the mountains of sour cream, oozing cheese and rice aren't healthy but you're going to get addicted! Everywhere else, I usally order burritos and quesedilla sans cream and cheese. But not here. It's a filler, but in a very very good way.The only con about this place is that it's small and a little dirty looking. But I can't help but look past that with such tasty food. Hits the spot when you're truly hungry. I just realized they open at 4am on saturdays, it's on!
what a great burrito they have
Jesus does exist, and he lives in this burrito.
Guys, I'm sorry, but this burrito just does not cut it. The chicken lacked flavor and seasoning. I tried some of the cheese enchiladas my friend had and they were just chewy and unappetizing.
I love this place. This would be the first place I would go if I went back to SF. When I was at a low point, this food brought me back to life. The steak tacos...the super burrito. My brother, who hasn't eaten a steak in over 10 years, took a bite out of my carne asada taco and couldn't stop! The burrito...oh, I dream of this burrito, all the way from New Jersey. The chicken, the rice, the beans, the avocado...put some sauce on this and you will be good for the whole day! And the horchata to top it off. Yeah, this place is a hot spot among the hipsters, but maybe they're on to something! If authenticity is what you seek, well, I still saw a variety of locals, heard Spanish from people eating and it looked like a hole in the wall. But what matters is the food. And the food is bangin. I went to school in Chicago and thought I had Mexican food. WRONG. Mission is where it's at! And this place is cheap. So there!And now we can never eat at Chipotle. It just wouldn't do. This is what El Farolito did to me.
This is a staple of the mission district when it comes to burritos. I've been coming to this place for 10 + years.The only negative thing to say about El Farolito is that the burritos have gotten slightly smaller over the years. Great late night spot to get a bite when the bars close. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy but just mind your own business and your cool. Carne asada tacos are spicy and delcious and overflowing with filling. This place is pretty much as good as it gets.
the food can be a big mess...years ago they had a better product. now it's too popular with thugs, cops, and assholes. people who are packing, rude as hell, and even pushy families. as an individual customer it's not cool and my food isn't good like i remember (extra ordered avocado not abundant anymore)
Must have come during odd hours, because the place was surprisingly deserted for a 1000+ Yelp review establishment.Ordered the lengua super burrito, which was cheap even by hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint standards. Was impressed by the quality of ingredients - tender, flavorful, well-proportioned lengua, moist rice and beans, and a good distribution of guac and sour cream.
Solid burrito. 3 stars for taste. 4 for the actual avocado in my super carne asada. Definitely loved having a Victoria beer, which reminded me of my honeymoon in Mexico.
I have moved to LA and back, and there is no place like home. I grew up eating at this place after the club scene. The line is always out the door, even at 1, 2 or3 am. You can't beat the price for what you get. Their service is terrific, because I see some of the same familiar faces working there back when I was a kid. The employees must love their job, and you can tell. Despite the neighborhood, I would strongly recommend you to visit this restaurant at some point in your life. The mission isn't such a bad place. Top Choice: Carne Asada Torta , $3 or less.Funny Story: In Los Angeles, CA I used to order a burrito, and I asked for sour cream and avocado to be included. You could hear the shock across town, that was unheard of. At "EL Farolito , this is standard. Oh LA!!! Life is too short to be a skinny minny.
Cash only. Burrito under $5. cheap = line out the door everyday, no matter the time of day. If you're hungry, go somewhere else, you'll stand in line for at least 15mins just to order. That's 15mins in line, standing! Then additional 10mins for them to make it. Have you been to mcdonalds in line for more than 1min, ever? If you don't mind the wait, so so good. If drunk, just sleep standing until it's time to order.
I went there yesterday for the first time. It cracks me up that there are lots of taqueria places all over Mission Street but this is the one that has lines out the door. The Super Quesadilla was very good (I'm not a big quesadilla fan but I loved this one) and the Super Burrito really hit the spot. The tacos are big too. We ordered those 3 things along with 2 beers and only paid $20. You can't get any better than that.This is by far the best Taqueria/Mexican joint in the city and I will be making plenty of returns.
T-O-R-T-Ahow i love thee. mexican sandwich with your melty cheese, jalapenos, rice, beans, avocado, salsa, and delicious warm meaty (or veggie) goodness. this was the first taqueria i went to the city and while I have been to probably a hundred here this is still the best. For 5 bucks you get a fat nosh: huge burritos, mammoth quesadillas, or the perfect torta.you will appreciate the ambiance for the sake of pure authenticity. Its about the food. Not the cleanest place (yet I have never found there to be a correlation with clean restaurants (ie: nobody goes to them) and good food) but bright colors and friendly, efficient counter folk (nod to new guy with corn rows- just awesome) and great salsa bar and perfectly crispy chips make up for it. The only thing I can criticize here is that (soda) drinks are kinda expensive but they have impressively cold and wet water and cheapish beer to balance things out.  farolito?necesito!
My favorite burrito in SF. Al Pastor and carnitas rock. Good tortas too.
Super delicious burritos!!!! and cheap! Very friendly staff, and chips and salsa are included with every order. They get your food out to you quickly, and my oh my, it is so yummy.
Love this place. They close around 4 AM and the Chile Relleno Burrito was amazing. Expect a line when going after the bars but definitely worth it. Wish it was closer to where I live.
great shrimp quesadillas and burritos..theyre portions are HUGE ..trust. im a big eater. i always end up fitting it in somehow though...i live in LA so mexican is around the corner but gotta get back to SF just for these babies& open way latebiggest flaw: CASH ONLY!
No frills, great good! All the burritos are great. Usually a line, but don't let that dissuade. Yuuuuuum!
This is the best Mexican food in San Francisco, hands down. The super burrito weighs about 5 lbs and is loaded with juicy meat, fresh rice, your choice of beans, glowing avacado, and just the right amount of sour cream.My personal favorite to order here is a regular quesadilla suiza with an al pastor taco.This place will give you heartburn if you eat something right before bed, but it's worth it.Very fast service too. You must try the green chili sauce on your way out.
Well, I feel kind of scared to dis on El Farolito with all the super high reviews on here, but I MUST stand firm in my (albeit, occasional) non-conformist ways...And honestly, folks, here's a word to the wise:If you're going to eat at El Farolito, do it in moderation. I ate there WAY WAY WAY TOO OFTEN during my first six months of living in San Francisco, and once I hit a certain mark...well, in the subsequent year and a half, I have not gone there once, except for this one time when my boyfriend went on tour with a bunch of musicians from out of town and when they got to SF they were all hellbent on going there! So we sucked it up and went, but that was the only time!It gets old pretty quick, and my so does the motley crew of people who show up in the AM after hours for a late night snack. A guy even grabbed my friend's crotch once when we were packed inside waiting... um, NO, just because we are all bound together in our common quest for drunk food does not suddenly make the burrito line a groping free-for-all! I mean, SHIT!
I don't have anything bad to say about El Farolito!! AMAZING burritos and chips and quality here! Yum yum yum. The best in the city!
Still love my suiza! My friend and I took a quick trip to El Farolito before we left for our flight back to Washington, DC last week and oh it was well worth the wait! I haven't had these in over 4 years and it's still as good as I can remember. Still sticking to my 5 stars!!!
The best tasting burritos in San Francisco located on 24th n mission (next to Bart station). This my friend is burrito porn.. A long tubular tortilla roll filled with dripping delicious (al pastor) along with your favorites sides inside going down your throat. ha ha stop laughing Its open late ,cash only they got beer. what else can ya ask for. If you don't like it , I got 2 words for ya More for me blah that's 3 words .
One of the best burritos whether after a night of drinking, as a hangover meal, or just plain old lunch/dinner. Yup, the burritos are even legit when you're sober.Recommend the pollo asado burrito here. The carnitas is also good.I've had the torta before too (it's ok), but would go for the burritos. Have not had the quesadilla suiza but it looked tempting.The one downside is that everyone knows about this place so there's always a line. That said, late night the best time to go is 1AM or not around lunch/dinner time.
Another cheap delicious burrito joint in the Mission. I like that place more and more...
Seriously, the best burrito I've ever had in my life. Here's why:HUGE, cheap, giant chunks of avo rather than a nasty processed guac, a ridiculous amount of delicious cheese, the most flavorful rice i've ever had in my life, awesome tortilla (flavor, size, stability), thick creamy sour cream, fresh crunchy lettuce, the BEST green sauce i've ever had in my life (its seriously like a spicy, avocadoie, buttery explosion in your mouth)!!!!!!!!we are obsessed with the salsa verde and ask for a giant cup to fill to take home. sometimes we are charged $3.00 (SUPER cheap, you couldn't get it that cheap at safeway for the nasty jarred stuff), but most of the time they don't charge us anything for it. ALL of their burritos are amazing, especially the veggie and the chili relleno burrito. YUM!
nothing goes better with extreme intoxication than a carnitas burrito from el farolito. damn that should be their new slogan! ha.--edit--i finally came here sober. and yes... it was still awesome. 2 alpastor tacos and an horchata pretty much made my day.
People have different opinions when it comes to Mexican food's taste and authenticity, but I know one thing: I've found my perfect burrito and I'm done looking. The pollo asado super burrito is by far the most delicious thing I have ever tasted at a Mexican restaurant. The chicken is flavorful but not greasy, and the whole avocado slices are definitely worth the upgrade from 'regular.' My advice: try black beans instead of their regular pinto beans. All in all it's just the best. If you're in the mood for a quesadilla, the super suiza is never a bad call- just expect a greasy, caloric, wonderful meal that might be best to save half of for tomorrow. Check this place out, your stomach will thank you.
The chicken Super Burrito here is possibly one of the best burritos I've ever had. Perfect pit stop for a late night snack on your weekend Mission bar crawl. Food: 5 stars. Depressing fluorescent lighting and sticky booths (albeit expected): 1 star.I will definitely be stopping by again!
The best nachos in San Francisco. Thank you!
I really really wan't the quesadillas suizas but decided to go with the breakfast burrito. This thing was MASSIVE. And pretty solid. It literally lasted me 3 meals and at $5.65, I'd do it over and over again.The fire roasted salsa was good but not enough spice for me. The green salsa did absolutely nothing for me.
This place is definitely a hidden treasure in the city.And I say treasure because you wouldn't think it that way. It's in the Mission one and it's open past two or three I think......so that means drunk people and crazy people.On the night that I went there I was both.But it was definitely good, I loved, loved, loved the carne asada tacos that I had... They carried the lime that I put in it really well. YUM!The food is super cheap too.Try the Horchata too, if you are in the mood to put some Malibu in it and make it a dirty Hor-chata.YES!
This place has been here forever....i remember my parents taking me here all the frikkin time. Absolutely delicious burritos, tacos, quesadillas....yummmm.... A must-try if you love mexica food...
El Farolito's sign is big and bright and yellow, with a lighthouse on it. And thats exactly what it is -- a beacon of light for all the drunk, and hungry people of the late-nite Mission.It is true about the burritos; they are big, they are cheap, and they are delicious. Any reasonable person would share one of their burritos amongst a 1 or 2 other friends. A fatty like me, on the other hand, would just drunkenly devour the beast in just a couple minutes.They sell all the staple Mexican beers here, but I have been known to take in my own alcohol (outside of my bloodstream) into El Farolito's no problem.If you are in the Mission (by the McDonald's next to the 16th street BART) and hungry, stop on by. There might be a little line, but just tough it out - its well worth it.
Don't bother discussing the Faralito on your "internets" it will endure long after Google has been ground into dust and You Tube sued into oblivion. Nor does the The Faralito care a wit for your puny Yelp reviews. The Faralito is a beacon unto a special kind of greatness. It provides a fine burrito (though not really the finest) to all comers, rain, shine, sobriety, or drunkeness. Speed and volume keep Faralito's product fresh and reasonably tasty. Try Faralito's tongue it is pure beefiness.
i've been here many times, and only last night was i introduced to the crispy taco. a friend of mine bought me some yesterday, and they were delish. they don't over stuff the taco, so it's not messy to hold and eat.he ordered mine with refried beans, which add a nice creamy texture against the crunchy shell.
Ok. I know that people love this place but I have had nothing but pretty disgusting and annoying experiences there. If you are looking for a down and dirty drunken late night burrito in the Mission you should definitely head to La Altena instead- just a couple blocks over on Mission and 22nd (try the Al Pastor- amazing!)The last time I was here it was midnight-ish and I ordered some kind of veggie burrito. What I got was a burrito full of nothing but cheese and sour cream. I'm not exaggerating. Well, maybe there were like 5 beans and perhaps 6 grains of rice in there. Needless to say it was totally gross. To top it off, my friend and I had made the ill-fated decision to eat in instead of take out and there were at least two Mission crazies (I say that with the most affection possible) leaning into our booth and jabbering loudly and lecherously in our ears.Crazy lecherous jabbering plus cheese and sour cream nasty mess = blechDid I mention that my husband (then boyfriend) once found a huge safety pin in the Farolito salsa as he was pouring it onto his burrito??!! Grody.
cheap...open late...& DELICIOUS!I am very picky when it comes to mexican food but this place deserves every star. I'm never disatisfied when I come here. They always have what I crave and its always delicious. Even when the line is out the door the quality of the food is not compromised. The best & most consistent taqueria in the city!
Everything here is delicious! Especially the tacos! I decided to be a little adventurous and I ordered the tongue tacos.. damn were they good!Basically, a great mexican meal for almost nothing! Their strawberry agua fresca is so good too!
My goto place in SF for burritos. In fact, I once had my exboyfriend buy me a burrito and fly it in with him in carryon for me. I really miss this place.
There is nothing better than El Farolito. NOTHING, I tell you. NOTHING!Seriously, I've been to this place countless times and can't come up with any complaints. I know it might be tempting to take away a star or two for what seems like an apparent lack of seating, but somehow I've always found an empty table. Sure, the table isn't always clean, but that's because this place is never slow! Those guys are in constant motion behind the counter. Watch them sometime, it's like they're synchronized dancers or something. It's almost beautiful the way the fry up beef brains right next to the beans that they're gonna put in your vegan burrito.Ha! Hey, it's a cheap taqueria, whaddya expect man?I like to bring newbies to sacrifice on the altar of El Farolito quite frequently. They will probably be scared at first, especially if you bring them here at 1:00am on a Wednesday (Friday and Saturday nights are overrun with Mission hipsters and that scares ME). I can almost promise you that there will be a homeless guy outside yelling at everyone that walks by, and one or two inside sleeping at the tables. Sometimes there is a friendly cop in there who pokes them with his nightstick and urges them to move along.I've seen quite a few fights here and I saw that someone mentioned witnessing a stabbing here...I wonder if it was the same one I saw...May not have been, though. Things like that kinda happen a lot at El Farolito.But yeah, the food is so worth it. Kinda like dinner and a show!
Who knew? Pretty darn good Mexican food in SF. The good experience probably ends there. This joint is very casual and that is quite alright sometimes. Cash only which continues to annoy me in this world...but I understand why. The burritos were served quick and enjoyed by both of us. The bathrooms? You might be better off holding it. They reminded me of Boston public bathrooms. Regardless, one must visit at least once.
I hardly ever venture out to the Mission unless.......it's for you El Farolito.HUGE, CHEAP and GOOoooooooD...........that's all I want. Undefeated "Super Burrito Carne Asada with EVERYTHING" eater It's all worth it even if I have to get carried out and helped into the car. Love you El Farolito....forever and ever
El Farolito is not my favorite taqueria in SF, but it's THE stand bye. Huge plus about this place, they are open late, real late. This has been the post bar/club stop for years and years and years. If you don't know about this place, you will eventually.Now, the food isn't amazing, but it's cheap cheap cheap, and they aren't stingy with it either. Plus they give you big honkin slices of avocado on most of the dishes in lieu of guac. I approve!Don't go expectin a miracle and you won't be sorry.
Thee place for burritos. It was humongous and yet I finished it. Fast service and you can see your food cooked in front of the counter. If only their salsa was more flavorful and spicy. Finding parking is tough but you'll need the extra stroll after consuming their burritos.
I'm trying to figure out why folks like this place so much - the reviews rave about this place. Definitely not impressed with the food (but it was still pretty tasty), and the fact that when my boyfriend ordered 2 beef tongue soft tacos, they gave him just 1 with the other being pork just seemed a bit sketchy. I'm forever loyal to La Taqueria just a block or so away...
Best Mexican food in SF! I ate here countless times when I lived in SF and there is no better place. This location doesn't seem the cleanest, but I'll risk it for one of their chicken burritos or tortas. I wish we had an El Farolito in Denver although if we did I'd probably get super fat from eating there every day. Enjoy!
The praises of the carne asada at El Farolito must be sung from the highest peaks of Yelp. It's like, how much more delicious could this burrito be, and the answer is none - none more delicious.Big extra points for being open until 4am on weekends -- there's no better way to cap a night of massive drinking than with a massive burrito.
Someone stole my prescription Ray Bans there a few years back . It was at night and I had broken my regular glasses, so there I was wearing sunglasses at night like a clueless prick.Just as I'm ordering my melon agua fresca and burrito al pastor, I set the Wayfarers down to count my money and some guy snatches them and runs out the door to jump in his car.Robbed of my sharp night vision and relieved of my Ray Bans, I sit down and wait for my meal. At least I still had my sense of smell and taste in tact. My consolation? A perfectly seasoned al pasto burrito and a refreshingly cold aqua fresca which I sip while plotting my revenge.
Great Mexican food and cheap! I think I must have looked over the menu with my stomach because I ended up ordering two crispy tacos, soft tacos and a tostada. I ended up with food covering almost half of the table! You definitely get your money's worth here. I want to come back for the burrito that looked bigger than my arm!
Best Mexican food I've had in the city so far! My roommates rave about it constantly; we finally went after a drunken party night and it was exactly what everyone was craving! It's gotta be the perfect drunk food, I'm convinced.You go in and stand in a single-file line while watching the food for the customers ahead of you being assembled. This both infuriates the hungry beast inside of you and caresses your olfactory receptors at the same time. It's an evil but well-planned system. The line has been known to stretch out the door but usually moves quickly enough to get to the actual chowing down within 10 or 15 minutes. While waiting (or steaming with hunger/anger) in line, you decide on a choice of burrito, quesadilla, or nachos, and maybe 2 or 3 more options. I appreciate a simple and easy-to-decipher menu, especially while intoxicated, and Farolito excels in this category.At the register, they take your order...then you sit down with your chips and salsa and salivate until your food arrives steaming with Mexican goodness!The best thing about El Farolito is that all the ingredients are so fresh and also that almost every dish comes with big slices of avocado. Come on, now. When does this craziness end?I think the mouth-watering flavor their food delivers can be attributed to the delicious creamyness in every dish. I don't know how they do it, but there's this creamy factor that just satisfies so deeply...to the emptiest pit of your stomach. All the food is hot, creamy, full of flavor and freshness, so cheap, and more than you ever need to eat. The winning combination for an awesome Mexican joint. Highly recommended!
Across the street from the 24st. bart. It's been a few years, and last time i was in SF i passed by this place probably because of stomach woes and now i regret it. I should have forced myself. or at least made a special trip back. next time i'm in town i'll be sure to make a visit and order at least 3 platters as an apology. authentic, official, cheap, good mexican food that would be hard to find anywhere in philadelphia. there's a mcdonalds nearby and i don't know why anyone would buy a cheeseburger.
Yup, tortas are the new tacos. And boy oh boy does El Farolito got it down! I order a pollo asado torta and was very happy! Now I'm gonna have to do the Pepsi-challenge against El Alteno.In other words, the best al pastor torta I had was from El Alteno, while the best pollo asado torta is from El Farolito. I'm gonna mix it up and get back to you! Stay tuned.
What ever happened to el Guero, that guy always treated you good and with a big smile too, I just left the taqueria and let me tell you I'm never going back, dude at the register was rude and I think he overcharged me, $8.00 for a regular burrito is outrageous, did he charge me extra for not getting rice?
granted i've only experienced the food here in a half drunken/drunken state, it is probably one of the best grub in the city for this very purpose. get the super suiza with 1/2 lengua & 1/2 carne asada. you must use their plastic water cups to get enough of their salsa verde (which is excellent!! has a bit of heat to it!) and consume each bite with a fresh pour. only thing I wish this place offered was a CA burrito...SD style.
coming from someone who has lived in mexico city for 2.5 years (me), this is great mexican food!
Aside from the grossness of its venue, the food is amazing and the service, surprisingly classy. I just can't get over the dinginess lights, the sticky booths, and the craziness in general, but damn the food was good and BIG. If you like your burritos as big as babies and your quesadillas as big as texas, then El Farolito is your joint. I got the El Pastor super burrito and split it with a friend and still came out feeling stuffed. My friend ordered the quesadilla with beef tongue (lengua) and she said it was amazing, but it was really like two giant, flattened burritos. Kinda scary, those portion sizes. You see the number of reviews - just come and see for yourself.
I have only eaten one thing at this place: The Super Nachos...twice, wait no, three times. All three times I have gotten them to-go, which is what I was instructed to do by my brother who touted them as the world's Dirtiest Nachos. Yes, my friends, they are quite dirty when you get them to go. The last time I ate them (or tried to) I threw them back up due to too much booze. They pretty much tasted the same coming back out: one hellacious conglomerate of soggy beans, cheese, sour creme and the always way too many big avocado chunks. I give them 3 stars because the place is a filthy rat's nest with some sort of diabolical/comedic interpretation of nachos to-go. If you don't believe me about the super-nachos to-go then I dare you to order them. You won't know whether to cry or laugh.
Very tasty mouth-spolsion of burrito goodness. Massive carinitas super burrito. It was quite daunting. I couldn't finish it. It defeated me. It was good, but its girth was overwhelming. Nothing really stood out about the burrito as opposed to others,it was desidedly solid. I'll go back.
I travel for work every week, land at the SFO Thursday night, take the BART home. The first thing I do when I get off the BART Thursday night is hit up El Farolito for two crunchy Carnitas tacos. Classic Mission spot that's always busy doing good work for the people. If you're hungry and need a mexican fix, run your ass down to El Farolito.
If you're ever out clubbin in this area make sure you stop by this place for some late night Mexican food! It's open til like 2am or sometimes 4am. My favorite thing there is their super Quesadilla's and to wash it all down a strawberry aguas frescas!!! At $1.25 you can't pass it up! Taco's are also a good thing to get if you're not ready to handle a super quesadilla. Super Nacho's are also a favorite amongst the friends. Don't bo surprised when you see a shaggy dirty looking spot when you enter cause that has no effect on the taste of the food! It's still some crackin ass mexican food!
Probably more satisfying as a late night post bar spot. We came completely sober on a Friday night and had carnitas and al pastor tacos, and a super quesadilla suiza (a random choice that sounded good at the time). They were a good size, but the carnitas were limp and steamed instead of crisp at the edges, and the al pastor were just okay. Nothing remarkable. The quesadilla was huge, but not really delicious. Just big. We were disappointed that our one shot at great tacos in the Mission were wasted here (we're visiting from Chicago, where there's no lack of both great and lackluster Mexican food too). 2200+ seemingly great yelp reviews let us down! It's not horrible food at all, and there's good, efficient service, but the food was just disappointing when we went.
This place is open late. I haven't been here in a while, I've been meaning to go back. The last time I went it had just hit 3:00 a.m. and they totally stayed open for us, so I'm giving them 5 stars on yelp.com.I don't know what it's called, but they have that special kind of cheese, it's really good. Way better than most taquerias.
With 1600-something reviews, this little shout out isn't going to make a dent. Still, nothing beats El Faro for a cheap, filling late night meal. When I was younger and had a higher metabolism, this was my regular burrito joint. Now I indulge less frequently but its worth it every time. You won't find a more satisfying burrito.
While I haven't tried many taqueria's in SF, this place is great! A friend took us here after hours and there was a huge line. He recommended the quesadilla suiza(sp?) style... and it was HUGE! I could only finish half of it. It was definitely tasty. Although I wonder what it would taste like if I put some of La Vic's orange sauce on it.... mmmm!I usually just goto La Vic's since I'm in the south bay, but if I'm ever up in the city, I'm definitely going here.
Since this place got "best burrito", I thought I would check it out. This was around 10pm on a weeknight.Pulling up on my motorcycle, I dropped kickstand in a pool of dirty water, with miscellaneous paper things floating around. Eww.The BART station is right next door, with the usual cast of characters from the Thriller video. Lovely.I walked in, and there was a long line. The place didn't seem as nice as my usual standard (Cancun), the service was definitely slower, but I stuck it out and ordered a carne asada burrito.The good news. The burritos are longer, wider, and slightly tastier than the ones at Cancun. Yes, I've had enough to know the difference.You have several tubs of salsa to choose from, and you can fill up little cups to bring back to the table. Nice, but what happens when someone sneezes (or worse) in this open area? I'm not a germophobe, but this thought came to me as I accidentally dropped a stack of the little plastic cups into one of the tubs...Bottom line - if I were in the area (say exiting BART at 24th) I would definitely go here. I wouldn't make the trip over from 16th though, if I were coming from that direction.
This place is realer than real deal Holyfield. I had the best steak quesadilla of my life here two days ago. Of course, it gave me some wicked heartburn but I can't blame El Farolito for that. They're open until like 3am on the weekends and there's always the same dude there behind the register. He looks like a zombie but that's because he probably spends 80% of his waking hours working there. He's seen it all for sure. God bless him. God bless El Farolito.Update: Last time I was here I actually asked the guy behind the register how much he works. He says he works 7 days a week, 12 hours a day. That's 84 hours if you're counting.
These guy s have fed me for years. I remember the pre-security guard days;) Some drunk dude would come in with some beef and throw down or some skanky prostitute would be looking for tricks....so fun. It's in walking distance of the attic so it's mad convenient. Hmmm...I think I need to do a run this weekend. Beef quesadilla knocked back with a agua fresca.
Unclean, dimly lit, and dingy. But yes, you counted those stars correctly: we're talking 5, baby. Because these burritos rule. You simply must eat meat here, people. Even if you're a vegetarian. I am only half kidding. I was off the carne for over a decade, but I'm back with a vengeance and glad this joint was within whiffing distance.The carne asada burrito is filled with succulent grilled meat, freshly smashed avocado, and fresh salsa, then thrown back on the grill. Too mush (sic)!N.B. No point in sitting in to dine unless you are trashed, because the atmosphere will make your food seem less tasty. It is a dump. Also no point ordering the chips, which, outrageously, now cost an extra fifty cents. They suck.
Delicious.Not the safest looking neighborhood but hey that adds to the "Enjoying Mexican food in Mexico" authenticity.Prices are good. Try the beef tongue - "lengua" and you may be pleasantly surprised. If you've always yearned for a more tender, less harsh type of beef meat, tongue is it. Imagine using your tongue to taste someone else's tongue (which was used to taste someone else's.... ). And El Farolito is a great place to try it!It's greasy but yummy. Lots of grease, lots of it. But it tastes delicious.I would not waste my time on burritos at this place as the tacos are devine. Quesadillas are delicious.Chips are 0.50$Horchata is great.This place is a "Don't bring a girl here on your first date" place.More like a "Go here with your fat homies after moving a couch or before you want to go home and pass out due to food coma."This place was recommended to me by a Mexican friend. I mean, an authentic person who is from Mexico.
keep it simple, for $5-$7 you get the best value in town for a tasty mexican burrito with the works, the usual ingredients all fresh ofcourse and made by genuinely nice people. All cooked to order, actually cooked on hot, no steam for my tortillas!go, now, if your in the neighborhood of 24th and mission bart, stop go in, even if your not hungry, get one take it home, dismantle warm up in non stick, and youve got yourself amazing burrito/nacho, your pick
What can I say that has not already been said? They have great Super Burritos ;)
I mean, it's good, but not substantially better than other taquerias I've been to in SF and the rest of the Bay.
There are very few things that are better than El Farolito's super suiza quesadilla, sober or not. Crisped on the outside and filled with tons of cheese, avocado (not watered down guac), sour cream and carne asada. It's a dieter's nightmare...but it's my dream come true. Plus -- the workers are great and are always willing to sell large cups of their salsa for only 2 bucks!!! SWEEEEET!
Heaven. Super burrito. Salsa bar. The sauce on the burrito is to die for. Just go, you won't regret it. It is the best burrito in San Francisco.
I am very picky at burrito and tacos. But this place has the best Fish taco so far.  I will definitely go back again!
Pretty mediocre. I've been here about a dozen times and the quality/service has been getting progressively worse. They make a decent burrito, especially the carnitas, but why bother with a line, dirty mission crowd, and rude guys behind the counter when there are so many better options just down the road?
i don't know about 'authentic', but the burritos here are damn tasty. also the sour cream: i don't know what the hell they do to it, but it's special. line is always out the door (at the most random hours), so minus one for that. i'd like to go here more often but it's not a quick grab-and-go kind of place.
Um...its great having a sig. other who lived in the mission for tons of years. i was stuck a week or so ago trying to pick what taqueria to eat lunch at and I gave him a ring.He didn't pause a second to tell me El Farolito. Since this initial encounter I have been back a handful of times. So far my standbys are the Super Chorizo Burrito and the Super Chile Relleno Burrito...I even added Carnitas to it one day (yea...im frisky).Anyway...the Agua Fresca is amazing too. It actually tastes more like fruit than sugar which is hard to find.So the burritos are disgustingly cheap and are filled with gooey cheese, decently seasoned rice, sour cream, and *gasp* actual avocado.I just had one this afternoon and now I think I may have to head there again tomorrow....Thank God for El Farolito and David's recommendation!
I usually get the Super Burrito con Pastor! Pretty damn good and the meat is always fresh off the skillet. The green salsa sauce they have is delicious too. I also like to order Pastor tacos, this place does it right. The only thing I would criticize are their tortilla chips. They taste like cheap chips that have been left out awhile. Overall though, I love the food.
This burrito was so f-ing big, I barely ate half. But it was great re-heated the next day. I had the super carnitas. Love their salsa verde too.
So with the help of my roommate yet again and some friends mentioning it to me I find another local spot to eat that's pretty cheap and pretty good. The only reason why I marked it down was the meat in the regular quesadilla suiza ( I don't like all the fixins' on the super quesadilla ) was kind of tough- but it was perfectly seasoned and the cheese just melted in your mouth- mhmmm! It reminded me of the old taco trucks in my hometown of Stockton,CA. When I'm in San Francisco, I tend to get a little homesick, so I try to make up for it by going to places that remind me of home and that's what El Farolito was for me.
I've been to this place twice now, and I had to write a review.The first time was after we had been drinking at some bars on polk and i was in a drunken stupor. Our friends swore by this place - and were determined to pay the cab fare to make the trip to the mission. Leaving the bar, getting here, ordering - all details that will be forever lost. What did stick out in my mind was the TASTE! The super burrito here is definitely one of the best in the bay. Aside from the fresh ingredients and amazing chunky avocado salsa - this place hits the nail on the head when it comes to assembling burritos. In every bite you will experience all the ingredients that a burrito has to offer. How they manage to make sure i get a taste of sour cream in every bite still astonishes me!The second time i went was last night - more sober and just as hungry. I ordered a crispy taco to accompany my super burrito. The experience was just as orgasmic as the first.Open late, great prices, awesome taste! No matter where i manage to find myself in SF, it'll be hard not to come by here afterwards. It's definitely well worth it.
Everyone in sf has an animated opinion about best burrito. This is one of the places that gets a lot of mentions. Is it the best in town? Who knows. But I do know my chicken burrito was cheap, flavorful, and worth the line. The ambience is pure mission burrito joint so don't go if that bothers you--it will shorten the line.
Oh Farolito, how I held you in such high esteem for years, only to have my memories shattered. Let me explain. I visited SF a couple of years ago and went to Farolito's with some friends after a heavy round of drinking. I barely remember anything, but I remember being in love with the tacos and thinking "Oh my god, these are the best tacos on the planet." Seriously. Flash forward to 2008, I went there for a late night snack on a recent trip - no booze involved, and ate the tacos in my hotel room. I was really, really disappointed, especially since I had tried tacos at La Taqueria a few days earlier and LOVED their tacos. The tacos from Farolito's just didn't compare. The meat wasn't very good and the carnitas were dry. Come on man, I have pork juice in my veins, if someone serves me a dry piece of pork it makes me want to scream and cry. So while I'll always have fond memories of my drunken haze Farolito's outing, I will not be returning there without my beer goggles on.
carne asada super suiza (steak quesadilla w/sour cream and guac.) ANDsuper nachosare.the.BOMB.i cannot wait to eat here drunk again.
HOT DAMN FINALLY, a four-five star burrito.Their super burrito could serve as the perfect definition of "super burrito."They could've gotten 5 stars, but this place has a weird smell, plus its kind of grimey, but they proudly display their health score of 90, so I guess that makes everything ok.
Best. Burrito. Evah. Where do I begin? Well to start I had a carne asada burrito. When I think burrito, I think Steak, Beef, Carne ASADA! The pinto beans were delicious, not dried out, not too runny. The rice was perfect, light, not too heavy, not added with carrots and sh*t. The meat was downright yummy. Grilled, not oversalted or overseasoned. We went in at about midnight and there was a line out the door the entire time. I can't wait to go back. It's my new favorite burrito joint. I'm anxious to try their tacos, but my have to go through a dozen burritos before trying tacos. I must thank my mother for craving tacos while she carried me in her womb. I think the direct feed from conception helped create my mexican food addiction.
When I arrived there was a line out the door. Hence, a good sign of some damn good food. I usually stick with my safety burrito: chile verde, I was amazed when I couldnt find it on the menu. So I decided to go wtih the carnitas. Salsa was good! I tried them all and stuck with the green one for my meal, it left a nice kick on my tongue. When my burrito arrived I took a nice good bite and WOW. It actually tasted like CARNITAS! Not like other fast food places I've tried before. It was awesome. Anyways my friends got the super quesadilla suiza, looked absolutely delicious. I never finish a burrito, but this one was litterally the length of my face. I ATE IT ALL! I couldn't breath after but it was worth it. Definitely needs a beer with this meal. it was really yummy. cant stress that enough!
This is why I want to live in San Francisco. God bless your insanely big burritos that turned me from a boy into a man. And thanks to thee for creating thy holy water known as agua fresca so that I don't choke on said burritos.
Compared to the one on 24th/Harrison, this place is actually cleaner looking once you're inside.Tasty burrito, needed a tiny bit more flavor. I got the al pastor super burrito with no onions. Still quite delicious; I will go back, definitely. YUM. Horchata was pretty starchy and cinnamony (= yummy as well).You get a lot of bang for your buck. The burrito was big, for a little under $6. MUCH BETTER in quality and quantity than, say, Pancho Villa (which I still don't understand why people love that place). I ate 2/3 of the burrito and was stuffed silly. Didn't even get chips.
This place is legit. I highly suggest the carne asada burrito or super quesadilla suiza. The shrimp burritos are also really good. Yeah the eating area looks a little dingy especially when there's a guy passed out face down on the table with his hand in his torta.(last time i went) That will definitely not hold me back from this place though. Cheap burritos, you won't leave hungry.
So my buddies and I got out of the bar and were hungry as hell. We drove around the mission to find el farolito open at 2:30 am. We walk in and I was immediately turned off by the long line however my friend suggested we just wait. In my drunken stupor I said "ok fine but this line sucks this better be good". Boy was I in for a good surprise! I looked at the blurry sign and did what I never do. I ordered Nachos! When my food arrived I was in shock. The sheer magnitude of the piles of carne de al pastor crowning the chips was enough to send me into a feeding frenzy. Chomp Chomp and next thing you know they are turning the lights off :( I left a lot of my nachos on the plate because they pretty much kicked us out but I was full anyways. The nacho plate is big. The agua fresca de fresa (strawberry) is to die for! Today I was working a job close by in the mission and decided to try the tacos and make sure the food didn't just taste good due to my intoxication. The tacos were good but the al pastor was a bit salty, still an awesome taco.This place is rockin.
Steak quesadilla was incredible, and a great value. Wish I could come back soon - there's no good Mexican food in NYC!
This place is very small and looks disgusting on the inside and outside; however they always have a never ending line. The reason I gave it five stars is not its appearance but the food. This is the best Mexican fast/street food I have had outside of Tijuana and Rosarito. The burrito's are enormous and extremely delicious, the tortas are my favorite. This place never dissapoints during a late night. I took my family here over a year ago during a vist to the Bay and they still talk about how good it was.
It's all true folks - for the best late night food after um . . . late night activities, El Farolito is definitely worth the long lines! I even go there mid-day and STILL have to wait. But the super quesadillas are soooo worth it :) yuuummmmm
Authentic, giant and super tasty for a few bucks. Could be the best Mexican I've had in SF (though SoCal joints have them beat - not best ever). Grab a super burrito, a beer, and prepare for food coma. In summary, it's simply kick ass grub.
Okay, I probably frequent this taqueria more than any other spot in the Mission... because my friends are all so in love (and I'm a little in lust with El Far myself). I WILL say at the start that it's not my favorite burrito in the city... and I apologize to those who cry "blasphemy!" BUT the quesadillas are so huge and amazing, and the burritos are still good enough to warrant food comas and extreme contentment (and make waiting in the consistently LONG line completely tolerable), so: El Farolito, see you soon.
I have to revise my previous review in light of two troubling facts:1) They serve brains at Farolito. Humans shouldn't eat brains.2) The health inspection score was 68! I've never seen such a low score at an operating restaurant.Neither of these facts stopped me from getting my carne asada.
After coming home from the Kanye concert in SJ on Friday night, I had to drop my friend off in SF, being that I'm from neither of those cities and had been driving all day, with a combination of all the second hand weed smoke I had just inhaled, I was HUNGRY!So I asked my friend, dude what's open late in the mission that serves some bomb ass burritos? His response was El Farolito!So I knew this place was good, considering it was past midnight and there was a line outside of the door just to place your order! What I got a kick out of was that it wasn't all Mexican patrons either, it was all colors of the rainbow including some Mexican tranny hookers, they were all there to try a bit of Mexican goodness.After waiting for a table to open up and finally getting my burrito I indulged on my carne asada burrito. That shit was gooooooood! And kudos to them for using real avocado in their burritos too. The avacodo salsa was super good and had that nice spicy kick that I love.  My only complaint was the meat seemed a little too smokey and not flavored enough, but that still didn't deter me from scarfing it down. I loved how their tortillas were perfectly crisp and not soggy... oooh I'm drooling just thinking about it now!
Two words: Super Nachos. Yes. Get them.
The best taqueria in the Mission!! Huge burritos!Great quesadillas!!Cheap!!!Open late!!!Only 1 negative, sometimes a bit of a wait. And this is because it is crowded and NOT the service. I am often mesmerized by the speediness of the cooks behind the counter. Tortillas, beans, rice, meat, sour cream, avocado, salsa...rolled burrito...all in less than 15 secs flat!!
This place serves some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. You will definitely get the biggest bang for your buck here. My burrito cost $6.30 after taxes and weighed at least 2lbs. They have several different house-made salsas to pick from which make the burritos that much better. The service there is super nice. Just remember they are cash only, but totally worth it.
i came across this place by chance and i am SO glad i did!!i got a massive place of chicken enchiladas and they were the best enchiladas i had ever had. i'm a huge fan of cheese and you can bet all of their food was covered in it. mmm... you can totally ask for less cheese if you're not a big cheese lover. :) the chips are bomb, salsas are bomb. the place is kinda tiny though.. a small price to pay for delicious food. i'm planning to come here as i type!
For someone from the east coast, this place was a great choice for my inaugural mission-style burrito. I got the super veggie burrito for ~$6 and the avocado was so fresh that you could actually taste it (as opposed to just being able to detect it's texture). From what I understand this place is known for it's meat, so I can hardly blame them for my need to supplement the otherwise lackluster taste of my sans-meat burrito with a lot of salsa (which was spicy and delicious).In fact, the salsa was so good that I ordered a side of chips after I finished my burrito just so I could experience more of its undeniable goodness.
GET THE GRILLED CHICKEN CASE OF DILLA!!! so delish.Added bonuses, despite the wonderful quesadilla include, long lines, uncleanliness and the occasional pigeon flying in and out of the restaurant from the always pristine MISSION street ... BUT despite those things (and I friggin HATE pigeons) I still LOVE this place! It's open sooo late too!
OMG! AMAZING!Thee best place to eat late at night after a show or a drunken dance party!The long line was worth the wait for a delicious CHICKEN QUESADILLA. BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN SF! WOW!!!!!The next time I'm up there, I'm eating at El Farolito for lunch, dinner and late night dinner! WOW!
Excellent food and service :) I would recommend the super nachos and the suiza :)
Solid, but a bit heavy/oily. Chorizo tacos are the win here. Quesadillas are also good, but again, a little heavy so you best be hungover or really jonesin'
Not much to rave about this place. The burritos taste okay nothing ordinary, the super suiza quesadilla is worth getting for two people. Open late, 24th and missions suffers from sanitation, drunk and big lines at night but the best one IMO is the one by mission and Geary. It's the only farolito that grills their meat and their super tacos are amazing with grilled chicken avocado sour cream cilantro and onion touch. The only draw back is the price, 3.75 I believe.. Not too sure. Chips are also not complimentary but they're cheap as well. Much overrated, just your any other mexican restaurant in the Mission neighborhood.
Without contest, this is the best burrito in the mission. I've done the research! I always get a basic bean, rice and cheese burrito. The ratio of beans to rice to cheese is always just right--and let's face it--the burrito is just a catalyst for the incredible green salsa. I am officially ruined on all other salsas . . . I like the art in here--basilica on one end, meat on a rotating spit on the other.
Who would have guessed that my GPS didn't recognize a "Mission St."? Since we couldn't rely on the GPS, and my boyfriend was from out of town, I used my Sunset-sheltered knowledge of the city to try to get us to this yelp-famous taqueria. We walked into a rather small, empty-looking restaurant at 5:50pm but realized we need to go back to the car for something. We came back within 10 minutes at 6pm, there was a line all the way to the door. We are burrito people so I ordered the regular vegetarian while my bf got a regular carnitas (I think). We would have gotten super burritos, but the cashier told us that super wasn't any bigger, it was just the burrito with sour cream and cheese, both I did without. As busy as the place was, there were a lot of tables open ( I guess this is more of a take-out place).The tables and floors weren't the cleanest, but I didn't expect much from a taqueria. The waiter was nice enough to bring our burritos to us at our table. I thought the burrito was really good, but there was a little bit of unexpected spice from the salsa in the burrito so I was caught off guard a little. It was especially upsetting when I added my own salsa, when I realized that I didn't get mild. (I'm not the best at eating spicy foods). But overall, I thought the burrito was really good and I would say that I'd rank it higher than Gordos, even though I still like Gordos for their black beans option.Good food, minimal, but good service.
THERE IS NO BETTER BURRITO, QUESADILLA...This place is no joke...i'm serious...I'm considering a tattoo dedicated to this place on my arm it's so good. No other place can mess with this.If you get super of anything you will be amazed at the size and won't be able to drink later in the night, but this place is better after you drink! It's open like 24/7 and is always packed even in the mornings...simply because it's so good...but the line moves really fast so no worries. I like the fact that most the people there don't know english that well and they call your number in spanish too, it makes it more authentic. By far the best place ever for mexican food, and it's cheap too! Trust me you can't go wrong with this place!!
The real deal! Mexican food prepared the way I like it. The jukebox is the bomb with BIG TUBAS bumping as you dine. Good stuff!
Best taqueria in SF. The super quesadilla suiza with al pastor is the only way to go!
I'm a big fan of La Taqueria but where La Taqueria finesses it's way to the hearts and minds of the masses by masterfully composing an intoxicating symphony of flavors, El Farolito simply packs a powerful flavor punch to your face. Their football size burrito puts a vicious attack on your taste buds and their expertly grilled carne asada will provoke thoughts of a taqueria flavor spirit, emanating from the grill, magically injecting an out-of-this-world smoky taste. Like any good show though, if you decide to go in the a.m., you'll have to endure a line of eager fans awaiting to pay homage to this Mission landmark. Cover for a burrito? Only $5 at the door.After last call in the city, you will hear it's growl. Don't avoid the urge. Succumb to the monster in the mission and let the taste body slam you into a peaceful slumber.
Mmmm the burritos here are so good. There's usually a line up, as with most good places in SF. I used to be able to only finish half of one but now I guess I stretched my stomach out because last time I went I just mowed the whole thing right then and there. The burritos are like, heavy. I can't say anything about the other food - I always go straight for a burrito.
This place was ridiculously good! I have to say that the ~1000 yelp reviews helped me find this place.If you are poor but hungry, eat here. For $2, you can get a ginormous taco. I mean huge. They do not skimp on the meat. The two tortillas was piled up with so much spiced meat. I seriously don't understand how they make money, but it must be sheer volume or cheap labor, or both.The salsas and pickled jalapenos are good and all-you-can-eat. The chips were mediocre, but you give them a break just because the food is awesome. I tried the apple soda, which uses real sugar and real caramel, just like most soft drink in Mexico are produced (unlike "high fructose corn syrup). They also serve liquors there too.I went twice. The first time was amazing, and the second time was semi-amazing. I ordered a "hard-shell taco." The taco shell they use is mediocre (totally forgivable because everything else was stellar), but get the soft tacos. I would definitely go back. I wish they had a place like that in New York, with the same prices.After I left, I saw the cheff prepare quesadilla, which had a huge steak uncut -- I will probably try that the next time I visit SF.
I have never been satisfied at any El Farolito location. Yes, I understand it's open late and it's cheap, but a line outside the door does not equal good. I feel like El Farolito is a place people go when they either don't know the Mission, or they don't want to journey far from the 24th St. station. It's not that scary, people.Every single time, without exception, I have felt sick to stomach after eating at El Farolito. I've tried the burritos, super burritos, nachos, quesadillas, and tacos. I've tried vegetarian and meaty. I have given El Farolito many chances because everyone loves this place. I suspect the cheese is the problem. It's too greasy and processed. The meat is alright, but it's just alright. I do like that they have a vat of spicy jalapenos and carrots. But if you want a really good quesadilla you should go to El Castillito.
So now it has come full circle. I first found out about yelp while eating with a friend at this El Farolito, and here I am finally yelping about it. Circle of life, people. Circle of life.Anyway, this is the quintessential Mission street taqueria: excellent and cheap Mexican food in a loud, crowded setting. I love the fact that it's right off BART so it's easy to get to from my office in SOMA and easy to get back to my home in the East Bay. Bueno.
Best super carne asada or carnitas burrito in S.F. (Pancho Villa is about the same). If your burrito isn't good, it means you are an annoying person who does not deserve a good burrito from the burrito Nazis. If you tip like a good little gringo and are efficient while ordering, then they will make it all nice nice. Besides, if you don't tip on a super burrito that is ONLY $4.95 STILL, then may all your burritos present and future taste of poo-poo!P.S. I must admit that it is best to order straight up super meat burritos and that I have had nothing else from here.
Best Dive Taqueria in the Mission, if not SF too. I've taken many friends, and not many agree with me, but there's just something rustic (or greasy flavored with out being texturally greasy) about the way the carne asada burritos/tacos taste. I dunno, but I love it. And their Agua de Fresa used to be second best to La Taqueria's, but I now find I prefer its less-sugary-more-strawberry flavor. Price-wise its one of the best for sure. Try it for yourself. And I don't recommend anything other than a burrito or taco.
One of my favorite tacos in the city! Plus - it's open very, very late. It's got a huge line but you can usually get a seat. I always order the chicken or the pork (carnitas). Sometimes it's pretty spicy... I also love the grapefruit Jarritos! yum!
Farolitos is solid, i just flipped through a book about burritos, I dont recommend it but it's called Burittos! by David Thomsen and Derek Wilson, it mentioned "Farolito's" and was written in 1965, which means they have been slinging Burittos since at least 1965, and the book used the hipster word to describe half the patrons, which means they've been holding it down for a while.---------------------------------------------------------------This Used to be My favorite Mexican restaurant in the area.And its still great, and its still open real late.I was sentimental, first mission burrito, I was 16, and I tried the brains(sesos) it was too much for me to handle, but I was hooked on El Farolito's new flavors and adventitious meats. My High School Mexico Exchange Program dragged us and our companeros from campeche here. I always love the carrot-orange juice mix, and I still think that carrrot juice is the mark of a good mexican restaurant.and had nothing better to measure them against until i found "Taqueria Vallarta" at 24th and Harrison, & "La Oaxaquena" at clarion and missionAnd so I drop El Farolito one star to make room for my new 5star favorites.and this is my original 5star review ------------------------------------------------good price, open late past 2am for the bar rush, the food is great,the seating could be better, but it works--and they got carrot juice. Carrot juice is the mark of a real Mexican restaurant. The only places you can get fresh carrot juice are smoothie shops, Juice Bars, and a Real Mexican restaurant. I wish someone would relay to me the story of how carrot juice made itself on to the menu's of Mexico. Carrot juice is definitively, only included, and consistently included in real Mexican restaurants, and allot of Salvadorean restaurants too.If you like Mexican food, try Salvadorean, I think there dependably better.El Farrolito's also has a real white Mexican working there. He was the managing the place. spanish is his native language. Most USAmericans prob never realize they got native born whiteys in mexico. BTW They also have native born whiteys in Jamaica.Remember that next time you go dissing on some white boys patwa.Farrolito's Whitey has got good humor too. It wouldn't hurt any of ya'll racially naive, pc and or radical types to see a real white Mexican. He may look white like a gringo, but he's a mexican. He probably resents the fact that y'all think his a white boy.
El Farolito is a favorite for their regular burritos, big, tasty, delicious, inexpensive, no need to order their super burrito. Al pastor, beef tongue are my choices for burritos, super quesadillas, tortas (mexican sandwich) are all good. Open late, next to 24 St Mission BART. Cash only.
The burritos are fantastic, the agua frescas are the drinks dreams are made of, and they dish out avocado like they grow on trees. A word of warning: The tacos are a tad dry and the nachos are not really a specialty - so sue me I like nachos. Stick to the burritos and agua frescas and you have a 5 star meal for about 5 bucks!
I've been eating El Farolito as far back as I can remember... And I can honestly say that I have yet to be disappointed. Everytime I go to some other burrito place, I always find myself comparing the burrito I'm eating to El Farolito's.I love El Farolito because of their use of fresh ingredients (they use real Avocados!), speed of service, GINOURMOUS burritos/nachos (I can make 2 meals out of a super burrito or super nachos), and VALUE. You can get a super burrito/nachos for less than $6. You can't beat that.See you soon, El Farolito! :o)
A few months ago a few friends and I got together and did a Taco Crawl down Mission. We ended up getting a taco and beer from 5 places before calling it quits and dancing the food coma off. Of all the taco places we tried, El Farolito was the only one I remember really liking a lot, and the only place that I still cross the bridge for just to get cheap carnitas tacos. On another note, I don't know what this says about the place, but one time there was a woman grilling up hot dogs wrapped in bacon and onions right outside the restaurant, and even though I was stuffed with tacos, I still got a one. Despite the stomach pains later, I don't regret a thing, the hot dog was crazy delicious.
I'd been recommended this hole in the wall joint and to fight the really long line even at 9pm. I ordered the super burrito al pastor and had to do a double take on the price: $6? It's hard to find a $6 meal anymore. This place is c-h-e-a-p.Now to address what you really want to know. I can't call myself a burrito connoisseur. I've nary been south of San Francisco to compare the Mexican food closer to the border. That aside, I unwrapped my El Farolito super burrito. I took one bite, and I knew. I knew right then it was the best burrito I ever had. And I keep coming back for it.
This is by far the best taqueria in SF!! Hands down. It has it all: Awesome food, dingy surroundings, shady neighborhood, and it's open hella late!! Anyone who comes to visit me from out of town gets a visit to El Faralito.
first of all let me just say, I LOVE el farolito. But: i just read someone's review who said something about it being kind of dirty and i started thinking to myself, he's some lame bougie white boy who came over from the marina blah blah blah.. and then i remembered this one night when i was sitting at the back next to the bathroom late at night with someone and i went up to get salsa and when i came back he was in total shock: apparently a drunken frat boy was waiting for the bathroom and i guess he just couldn't wait any longer and turned to him and said "you didn't see this", and then he unzipped and peed! in the corner! next to the tables! what is that!!!!!????goddamn funny and insane is what it is. still, its the best place on earth and i dont care how many people pee in the corner, i will go in a heartbeat . ooooohhh quesadilla suiza... a reason to live.
You have never let me down, Farolito!!!Delicious, tasty, damn good veggie burritos and the super is well worth the extra dollar, unlike some other places.Chips are free and the music is poppin' (umm... Spanish covers of Nick Lachey? Yes, please) the salsa is great and the wait is never too long, even when there is a line out the door.Four stars cause the bathroom kinda creeps me out.booooooooooooooooooooooomb.
This place is amazing! Probably the best taqueria i've been to in the Bay Area. I ordered a chicken super burrito. It was less than 7 bucks, and it was one of the largest burritos I've ever gotten. The line wasn't too long, and the service is good. If you're in the mood for some mexican food, COME HERE!
Ohhhhh Lawd. The trip out to the Mission is always worth an El Farolito masterpiece. Yeah, it's kinda gross outside, but all of that will be forgotten once you smash your face into all the usual Mexican ingredients-- be it rolled into a tortilla, wedged between bread, or dumped over greasy chips. The salsas are awesome. Everything's huge and cheap. The grilled chicken rules. I normally don't eat much red meat, but once a piece of carne asada fell into my nachos, and thank god it did. Shit was heavenly.And never, ever sit closer than three tables to the stinky poop cave of a bathroom, unless you wanna waste all that greasy-gassy beancheesericesalsaavocadosourcreammeat via regurgitation.
THIS IS STRAIGHT CRACK! Carnitas Super Burrito!24TH ST = BRING CASHONONDAGA = CASH OK, CARD OK
Great corn chips with a variety of salsas, reasonably priced Pacificos (Corona tastes like Mexican Budweiser with a hint of mule urine), and tender, juicy, carne asada that comes with everything you would expect on a variation of the perfect burrito. There's a couple places that have said perfect giant Mexican roll of the heavens, and this spot definitely has a permanent spot in the ranks. And the people know it, there's most likely a line than not.
This is the place for the greasier, grittier quality burrito. Part of the quality comes from the constant turnover of the ingredients - there's a line out the door from when they open in the morning until they close late at night. Part of the greasiness, and flavor, comes from their method of grilling the tortilla before filling it up.This is where I came for fuel when working the phones for Ammiano's campaign to try and unseat Willie Brown and it's where I came late last night for an Al Pastor.Greasilicious.
Definitely a burrito place to try, but not my absolute favorite. Nonetheless, their burritos are definitely good... very good. Also, their tacos (carne asada, and carnitas) are worth the trip.
Thank you baby jesus for putting this place on earth. The burritos here rule. I dream of you nightly. It's open late after your drink hat is on. I have eaten here possibly a 1000 times. Love it. Go here.
I want the painting of the El Pastor spit bathed in a glowing yellow light. It's so pretty.
El Farolito makes a damn fine super veggie burrito with everything. It's not too wet or messy and the ingredients besides rice take up more of the burrito than the rice. I still prefer the crispier, flakier tortillas at Taqueria Cancun but the ingredients at El Farolito taste fresher.My only complaint about Farolito is their mediocre salsas. The salsa here isn't bad but it isn't memorable either (especially when compared to the awesome spread at El Balazo on Haight).
700 reviews for El Farolito.. why waste my time on another 5 star review?A wonderful burrito (or taco) can develop from so many disparate culinary intentions, and "eat" so different from specie members occupying a correspondingly lofty plateau. I consider myself an equal opportunity purveyor, and weigh the burritos merits without a checklist (ie how much meat, how little rice, how the napkin dispenser works, how many "sketchy" "crackheads" are trolling around outside) but, rather, on the culmination of a unique architecture, with much leeway and sympathy given to stylistic intention. In other words, I try to approach the wonderfully diverse taco landscape without a specific set of preferences, hoping instead that any vendor can find his own particular way to "wow" my pants off. And El Farolito certainly did. I've been in San Fran several times, and my primary entertainment has been edible. And so many edibles to find... this is the only "restaurant" I've actually returned to. And I will next time I'm there. A few key points:I. The salsa is unreal. They keep it in 5 gallon plastic buckets in the back. The green avocado salsa deserves an Emmy, I never had anything this good living in Southern California (SoCal, in case you didn't understand what I meant). More confoundingly, I generally prefer fresca salsa style.2. Horchata ladled out of a big metal pot and seasoned well, at least giving me the (possibly foolish) conviction it was fresh. Either way, it was delicious.3. Al pastor burrito. It is beyond me how anyone could expect more from a 5 dollar burrito. A perfect union of flavor. It did not have any specific unique flavor or attain any unknown quality - nor does it try. Its just utter comfort food, rich, spicy, flavorful, and filling. This falls in at Number 2 on my list of Best Burritos I Have Ever Had., which includes dozens of stops on my San Fran to San Diego Taco Tours. (sidenote 1: this list does not include tacos) (sidenote 2: Number 1 was in Vermont - WTF, California?!)I'll say the atmosphere and clientele was diverse and enjoyable, though I won't pretend I know the neighborhood, especially going on a weekday morning before hitting the road for spring skiing at Mammoth. I will note, though, I'm a big eater, and had enough left over that I didn't have to stop for food until I crossed Yosemite.
Definitely one of the best taquerias in the Mission - the other 2 are. Pancho Villa, Taqueria Cancun.We usually get a burrito which is only $4.45 (btw, you have to pay for the chips for 0.50 which is weird for taquerias) and the plates are around $7 bucks or so. It's a very small place so if you're going with someone else, have them sit down to save a seat while the other one orders. They are healthy portions here so come hungry.The tacos are great - meat, onions - if you like pork, get the Al Pastor.
Who cares that the line is so long that The Rosetta Stone taught me fluent Spanish by the time I got to order!So what if I had to clean my own table!It doesn't matter that the table I cleaned is too small and brightly colored for Romper Room!I give a rats ass that there isn't even room to spin around with a boner and not bump into something or someone!I don't even mind the help and patrons eyeing me like "La Migra" when I come in my shirt and tie from work!It is all about the Super Quesadilla Suiza...Carne Asada inside for me.Just the right amount of sour cream and avocado...PLENTY of meat...the right touch of salsa...and GRILLED!They cut it in half. Easy to eat. Savory and delicious. Takes up the whole basket.I need to also give props to the beer on hand. UNDER $3.00 for Mexican beer in a BOTTLE! And choices of the best beers from down South of the Border. IN A FREAKIN BOTTLE, FOLKS!!!!Here's the breakdown:1 star for a long line...long lines mean good food.1 star for freshness...food cooked to order.1 star for speed...not the drugs, the service.1 star for the Super Quesadilla Suiza...'nuff said.1 star for the cheapest bottled Mexican beer to be had...by an English-speaking whiteboy, that is.Just be careful the next morning...
When I moved back to San Francisco from New York in 2001, I was i was on the verge of turning to white collar crime just to keep thing interesting. But then some buddies turned me on to Farolito. Their burritos were amazing, and you could go there any time of day; so it didn't matter if I was going there to nurse a hangover or to preempt one. Either way Farolito had my back and life was good again.Plus the price is right, so if you want to fuck with a buddy, like say get him a seso (cow brain) burrito, you could do that without breaking the bank. Some joints put a premium on brain meat, but not these guys.Oh yeah, three more words for you.... Avocado fucking salsa!!!!
My boyfriend took me here the other night for some late night eating, after opting not to go to our usual spot, Grubsteak. I'm glad we deviated from our usual routine, because this shit was bomb!!!I ended up having the deluxe shrimp quesadilla. To be honest, I was expecting something sloppy or greasy, but they sure did put me in my place. The shrimp was perfectly cooked, the tortilla wasn't too greasy, the avocados were bright green and very fresh, and the spicy green sauce that accompanied was surprisingly wonderful. I even like this place better than La Taqueria. Yea, I said it. I know people love that place, but I feel that El Farolito's food is fresher and not so charbroiled. Highly recommended, whether it be 2am or 2pm.
El Farolito is the best! They have the best al pastor in the city. And really good horchata.The chips suck though.
This review is based on their shrimp. Sooooo, I love shrimp. Plain and simple. I always get either the super quesadilla with shrimp or the super burrito with shrimp and CARNITAS! It is worth the 1000 calories that each item contains. Nothing is more satisfying than biting into a juicy, tender shrimp. Surprisingly, they are generous with the shrimp! It's definitely worth the extra few bucks.I rarely get anything else here, so I can't really rate the rest of their food. But their salsas are decent enough and I like that while you are standing in the line that is bound to be out the door, you can watch them cook. Just be sure to have a healthy appetite when you come here, and be ready to feel like you are going to explode, because I know I always walk out feeling like a tub of lard. But a very satisfied tub of lard!
I also affectionately call this establishment El Fartolito... Gotta love that mexican food. This place is awesome. There is always a line, but it goes quick. They stay open late, its loud and boisterous, a total Mission street experience. I usually have carne asada tacos with added avocado. I highly recommend them.The only thing that would improve this place is more service with a smile.
It's apparent that El Farolito doesn't need another 5 star review. This hole-in-the-wall joint really does have the best burritos! My friend and I each ordered a Chicken and a Vegetarian Super Burrito. They were BEYOND excellent (not to mention you can get this at midnight after a show at the Fillmore:)!UPDATE 2.9.08: Soft taco rocks here as well :)
This one goes out to my carne asada burrito and the African American patron that had a 20 minute conversation with the guy taking orders in perfect Spanish. Both of you gave me lady boners.You're so money and you don't even know it.
Alright, so the Kansas boy is in town for work and lookin' for some good Mexican food. Yelp did not disappoint. I went with the recommenations and tried the carne super burrito and beef tongue tacos. Burrito was incredible and the tacos were okay (I mainly got them so I could say I've had beef tongue). The salsa bar was very good and the green sauce was the best - I couldn't get enough. I only have 2 more days in San Fran and I'm strongly considering coming back here again before I head back home...GO GIANTS!
Come for the grimy oil painting of the Gyro Machine hanging on the back wall, stay for their burritos*, steak quesadilla and green salsa.-------------*Super Vegetarian w/ rice, cheese, avocado, sour cream, mild salsa, your choice of beans, no onions.
One of the best mexican places I've had in both SF and LA. The carne asada super suiza is off the hook! Can't wait to go back, I'm hooked
If you like Mexican food, you cannot possibly dislike El Farolito. It's one of my Top 5 Eatery in the Bay Area and I don't even consider it a sit-in spot. I usually get the marinated pork super burrito. The meat is so tender and juicy, the rice and gaucamole so fresh, and temperature just right. The line is quite long and parking isn't very easy, but otherwise it's the perfect place for a cure for your burrito cravings or after a night of binge drinking.
Chile Rellano Burrito is simply amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My favorite mexican food in the city thus far. Can't complain about anything here. I'll keep coming back and trying new things. Even if I am disappointed at some time, I'll keep going.
i heard about this place through a friend but did not try it until my very last day in SF. Afterwards i had to hurry home to pack all of my belongings in an hour or so- it was worth this wonder. The place isn't anything fancy but the food is yum. No other way to say it. you get a fantastic deal for a meal that will fill your stomach up and satisfy your Mexican craving taste buds. I need to go back to SF for this, not simply the fact that the mission is one of my favorite places, but also because i need to take advantage of my knowledge of El Farolito's greatness.
Never a disappointment. The burrito takes the cake. I always get the super shrimp and steak burrito. Forget Papalote, forget the joints in SoCal. El Farolito is where it's at.
Perfect. Alway my first stop in San Francisco.
My favorite in the city.  - open late (3am)- arguably best pastor and asada in SF- awesomely huge burros for $4- nachos, tacos, quesadillas, etc .. all great- salsa bar with real spicey salsa- agua fresca and horchataand now just 2 blocks from my hood !!!! woo-hoo!!!
Not the best burrito I've ever had (I am from SD so it's hard to compare to that), but it was decent. I ordered a carne asada burrito without the beans and rice. We went around noon on a Sunday, so the wait wasn't long. Tortilla was a little crispy and warm, and the meat was freshly cooked. They had decent selection of salsa to munch on with chips while you waited for your order.Only downside, only accepts cash.
Everything you've read about this place is true (except for what Vikram wrote because I almost always have the guy that is a Johnny Depp look-a-like helping me so I can't say anything against that ;-0)This place definitely has the rockin' burrito! The carnitas are so flavorful and not too salty, and the green salsa (avocado, cilantro, and lime juice?) is crave-worthy. I am still working my way through the menu and so far, it's all yummy. Just go, and you won't be disappointed but bring cash!
I think I wrote a review somewhere about a mexican place not being the cheapest mexican food in SF.El Farolito is precisely the reason for that.$4.45 for a burrito.Salsa bar with salsa verde and pico.A bathroom in the mission.My heart.My friend likes the 24th street one better, I like the mission one better. They are both different and have their own appeals. However, if you see a sign that says El Farolito, know that what awaits you inside will be heavenly regardless of which location you happen to be standing in front of (which, let me point out, they are approximately 4 blocks away from each other).
I'm pissed. Why? I don't live in San Francisco and I had the best damn tacos I've ever had here. Boiled chicken crispy tacos. I'm a huge taco lover, and I've been thinking about these damn tacos all day. I may move to San Francisco. For tacos. That's right, I said it.
A friend took me a while ago and I fell in love with it.I took a friend here yesterday.Confirmed:BEST BURRITO IVE EVER HAD IN NORCAL.
I must say that in my poorest of life situations el farolito has been able to see that I was fed. As a happy meat eater, I won't get any meat dishes cause it usually creeps me out & usually only order the regular veggie burrito. They give you avocado in the meat's stead & its a dollar cheaper than the super veggie where your only bonus is sour cream.I LOOOOOOOVE their green salsa. If I could marry it & wasn't already married I would. It has got to be one of the most AMAZING, & slightly addicting things in this world. SOOOOOOO good. & I love that they'll bring your food to you after you sit down. For a place with meat on a rotating stick painting, that's pretty classy.
steak quesodilla. I about died. I think it was one of the most delicious things I have ever put in my mouth. amazing.
Don't come here if you are put off by:DrunksDirtGreaseMeat frying in the windowDo come here if you want cheap, delicious, and ample Mexican food. I've been to assorted taquerias up and down Mission (including, yes, Taqueria Cancun), but I keep coming back to El Farolito.
I love the food here. It's hot, greasy, and cheap - how Mexican food should be. The food has really good flavor, not bland like some other places. I would safely say it's one of the best taquerias around.It's true you might have to wait in line with a sweaty bum and the tables aren't always clean, but I'm giving the place 5 stars anyways because I think the food is that good. Might be a biased review though since I live nearby, I never actually eat there, I always take my food to go.
This Angeleno gives this place in SF 5 stars. THAT'S A BIG DEAL. I'm SUPER picky about Mexican food and I've been gravely disappointed with Mexican food in the Bay Area, which all tastes like cardboard in a tortilla (*crying tears into my burrito that's saltier than the meat itself*).This joint has redeemed Mexican food in my eyes. I wasn't supposed to go - I'm in the middle of finals, but WTH, it's Cinco de Mayo, which means, HOLIDAY FIESTA FOR MY STOMACH! WOO HOO. I had their al pastor taco and carne asada burrito. WOW, can we say - getting muy gordito super quickitto? The meat for both was perrrrrfectly marinated. I later ordered refried beans that came in a huge soda cup (I guess people don't ask for refried beans to go), but he gave me enough to scare my friends from standing too close to me for the next hour or so.  Just $2! The salsas were also very fresh and the horchata was just aight, but the jalapeno peppers - YUMMMMM!!! Next time, I'm going to have a cerveza, quesadilla and whatever else my wallet will let me. I don't think I'll go anywhere else that's even remotely Mexican in SF b/c they all SUCK. YEAH.
I'm from the East coast what do I know about Mexican cuisine.... I still don't like avocados!El Farolitos was good. It was much better TacoBellI apologize to all those avid burrito fans.
great for late night grub, but sometimes is just too crowded. i love their meat quesadillas, but there's a difference - you want to get the Super Quesadila, and not just the meat quesadilla. The Super quesadilla is such a great value. You get a huge burrito sized quesadilla.. and the cheese is so wonderfully melty! It's a late night favorite:)
For such a high rating, I was a bit disappointed. Pretty gross inside but that's to be expected. We were lucky to be able to sit. I ordered the super burrito w/ beef - it was dry. My partner got the chili relleno, she thought it was way to much bad tasting cheese. Maybe people just like that it is so much food, which it was.
I hate to be a snobby San Diegan transplant, and I try not to let the Southern Californian Burrito Standard (SCBS) influence my opinions of the Mexican food available in San Francisco -- I am simply thankful it exists. However, as a gal who lived within miles of the Mexican border for years, I was very unimpressed with their burrito pricing logic. The other night I had a burning desire for a simple bean burrito. Beans wrapped in a tortilla. A little bundle of lard and joy. That's it.I was expecting to pay no more than $3. For carne asada, I can understand paying $5. Even $7 if it is 2 o'clock in the morning, you're starving in an unfamiliar neighborhood, and you're desperate for the soothing warmth of a burrito in your mouth. But after I had made my request, the man at El Farolito taking my order explained to me that they would be charging me the same price as a regular burrito -- which includes meat, cheese, and EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN: "No, there is no bean burrito on the menu -- you have to order the regular burrito and we just take everything out except for the beans." So for no less than $5, I got my bean burrito.Wait... WHAT?Anyway, I was quite satisfied with my overpriced burrito, although I couldn't get over the fact that it would have been $0.79 at Cotija's in San Diego. Ah well, we're not in Kansas anymore.C'mon, El Farolito. Let's get back to the basics. Don't be influenced by the Mexican-Spanish-Asian-French-fusion madness surrounding you -- bring back the basic bean burrito, and at a reasonable price!!!
The burritos and nachos are so good it's hard to resist finishing them. But if you do manage, there's more than enough food to make 2 meals.They also will make a completely yummy fresh-squeezed orange/carrot juice drink. It can help you feel like you're negating a bit of the greasy salty goodness you're munching down.Open really late. I've heard they close whenever the line ends after 2am.Sometimes the nachos are a little boring, so overall it's a divine eating experience at least 85% of the time.
drunk munchies, okay with waiting, might not get a table? you should probably still go, cuz it's the perfect end to a night! delicious (and by socal standards), but cash only!
So after working in the "industry" here in SF for almost 2 years, I just found out that this place is open till 3:45am on Fri-Sat.For the longest time after getting out of work at 3am, if I was lucky I could get some pizza-by-the-slice.For starters this place was packed. There were about 6 guys behind the counter putting together masterpieces. I got s super burrito and my 2 co-workers got separate orders of nachos with none of this and more of that and all of it came out perfect.I did feel bad for the workers having to clean up after some of the drunk peoples messy table manners. We opted to get it to go and eat it in the car.I Will be back for sure.
Open late night. Cheap. Great carne asada. Did I mention open late night? And they have a great salsa bar with hot and hotter.
Simply put, awesome burritos and awesome prices. They need one of these every 5 blocks in SF.
This is one of the best burrito places i have ever been to! best burrito i have had BY FAR! The price was real cheap and the burrito was pretty big , so it was worth a trip out to the mission to try this. Although parking isn't a good thing, but you can say that about almost every good food place in the city right? MUST TRY THIS PLACE!
i can't rate this a 5 yet because i've only been once. thank you to my friend that recommended this place. THE best carne asada super burrito i've ever had! i don't know how to explain the explosive smoky flavor of the steak but it was SUPER flavorful! can't wait to go back (too bad it's an hour drive for me)!
Every Tuesday and Thursday, my wife finishes her art class and doesn't feel like cooking. During those days I usually make dinner. Yesterday we decided to eat out in the Mission because I wanted to go to Big Lots to pick up a rake and some other inexpensive supplies. I consulted with burritoeater.com and discussed it with my wife and decide to come here. We scored a parking spot on 25th beween Valencia and Mission and walked the two blocks to Farolito. It is a grimy looking place and narrow. It had a long line and several tables. The line moved fast and the turnover at the tables was quick. I picked a spot while my wife ordered a couple of super burritos. She ordered the grilled chicken while I ordered beef tongue (change of pace). There are 3 different selection of hot sauce and the help is constantly refilling them. One of the restaurant workers brings the meal to our table according to the receipt that was given to us. The burritos size was humongous and very tasty. The chicken had a good flavor and the beef tongue was tender. It was packed with rice, meat, black beans, avocado, sour cream etc. It also came with a basket of chips. Both of us stuffed ourselves until we could barely stagger out of the place. Next time I may just shared one with my wife as I still felt stuffed many hours after dinner.While sitting there, you can't help notice the clientele. There are students and locals. The price is inexpensive - about $11 for both of us, w/o drinks. By about 6:30 PM the crowd slows down, so they probably get a lot of the after work crowd. Yes, the place is noisy with a over-amped juke box and is dirty inside, but the food is great as long as you ignore the atmosphere. Big Lots did not have the rake I wanted!
Forget the stabbings! Come for the food!This place is so disgusting-looking, I never would have come here unless a friend dragged me. Don't be that guy! Get off your butt and visit, because the food is so delicious and cheap.I split the chicken quesadilla and enjoyed every last bite of it.Locals do know about this place too. I went in the evening and there was every type of person sitting next to each other and eating calmly without stabbing. Whores and pimps and Marina girls and addicts and emo rockers and hipsters all communing with one another.It was the closest thing in SF I've seen to a New York-style dive.
since i moved to the east coast i dream of el farolito burritos. i was home for a wedding and i made me usual trek. i had a super carne asada burrito and let me say i inhaled it. the price point for this goodness is cheaper and better than the much tauted la taqueria. the thing i love of the carne asada is that there aren't those surprise crunchy meaf bits. until we meet again el faralito i will just talk about you to my friends of the east coast who have yet to taste your gloriousness.
i heard great things but i did not experience great things. i sampled three less than mediocre food items: a crispy pollo asada taco, a regular al pastor taco, and a carne asada super burrito... (i didn't eat it all, i shared) i just wasn't impressed. the el farolito taqueria in south san francisco is amazing, in case there's any relation....
Great late night eats. I tried some burritos that were tasty, and then the super quesadilla which was surprisingly the hit of the evening.
It makes me giggle a bit after reading the reviews for this place. The majority of them have something to do with being drunk and visiting after the bars have closed. My review is no different really. I had only been there after drunken Saturday nights at the Napper Tandy. Until today, I was craving a Chorizo Tostada for some reason and this is the only place I had ever had one. I was bit nervous at first, as the sober palette is a lot less forgiving than the drunken one. But I have to say, they delivered! It was messy, greasy, spicy and absolutely delicious! Although, I'm sure I'll regret it later. But what a small price to pay to the Tostada Gods....I have only one complaint, they were really slow for the amount of people in line. To be more specific, there were six or seven in line before me (which is nothing compared to the 2:30am rush) and I was there for 35 minutes with a take out order. But whatever, not like I really had much else to do today.
Yummy. Possibly the yummiest place on earth. They've got my favorite burritos in the city, plus they're comparatively cheaper than all the places on Valencia. En fin, delish.
Their quesadillas are the ultimate drunk food--probably why there's a line out the door all times of night. Tons of cheese, meat, and everything else you crave. Best Mexican in the city!
OMG... one of the best... a friend took me here over the weekend and their burritos are the bomb... order a beef and shrimp burritos and both were so good... sucks that I was so hungry I scuff it down and didn't really get to enjoy the taste of it... I am sooooo going back... sad that I can't find a place like this in Sac...
YUM end of story!
I have been coming here ever since I moved to the city. You can't get a better burrito in all of California. I actually usually order the Quesadilla Super Suiza. It's awesome. The fresh salsa selection is good as well. Usually you will have to wait in line to order, but it doesn't take too long and is well worth the wait. If you want true mexican food, come here. It's as good as it gets. If you want americanized mexican food, go elsewhere.
I love this place. Always great!I usually end up here late at night when I'm craving a quesadilla super suiza. mMmMmmMmmmm....
Late night find!! Craving for something to soak up all that alcohol??? Well this is the place where you can find delicious quick mexican food! BRING CASH!! CASH ONLY! If not there's an ATM right outside of course. I always order the quesadilla suiza, it's pretty big for me, a girl with a small stomach but HUGE appetite. So the next morning when I'm crawling out of bed I'll have lunch!! hahaha.... unless I forget and leave it at some guy's house and leave before they wake up, then they get to eat it, lucky bastard! Definitely crave this every Thursday night!
Absolutely some of the best burritos around. Introduced by an acquaintance who lived in the area, I can why he comes back to grab burritos here every time he visits San Francisco.Fine dining it's not, but Farolito serves up authentic dishes that make you ashamed to have ever eaten at Chevy's and enjoyed it. Relatively fast and efficient service and a salsa bar that will defintely hit the spot (especially for cilantro lovers).If you're a fan of Mexican food - whether you're drunk or not - El Farolito will hit the spot.
This is my other favorite burrito place in San Francisco. The place is dirty, but I usually order to go since they're open late.
Holy Guacamole! I can't beat El Farolito's burritos at home. Maybe it's the fact that I tend to go there at 2am post festivities? Nope, I've been there for din too (though it's perfect food at 2am) and I still think it's great. The Super Veggie Burrito, the Carne Asada Burrito, and the quesadillas that just melt in your mouth. Need I go on? But I guess you already know. I'm sorry, but Chipotle, Taco Bell, Chevy's and all you other Tex-Mex/fast food/Californian Mexican food don't come close in taste, flavor, or freshness. You can watch the whole process and drool as you wait in line. Don't be intimidated by the out-the-door around the bend line. Thankfully, the process is efficient and you get your food quickly. Don't forget to order an horchata (rice milk) to wash down the goodness. Oh yeah, and make sure you get some salsa, which goes great with the burritos (I like the green one the best).Farolito, if you want an extra point from me marinating your carne asada will get you there.
This is one of the best taquerias in the world. I love it. I love it so much, that one time we drove all the way from Santa Cruz to San Francisco just to go there. Not that we don't have our own here, but it was a craving and we had time to kill. So why not? The burritos are so big I usually split it with a friend, and for the going over the top and busting our belts, I usually get nachos to share. Super nachos actually. Which I don't know what makes them super-er than regular nachos, same ingredients. I'm assuming it's just bigger OR I'm being taken advantage of. I don't care either way because I just love the word Super. It's Super. Bottom line, so good and so big that you can eat half of a burrito and be more than satisfied. Definitely a place that you should not let your eyes be bigger than your stomach, because the portions are even bigger than your eyes.. in that.. odd.. metaphor. They're just huge.
Mean burrito. that's all I have to say. I ordered the super burrito. One thing I have to say though is that the sour cream was tucked to a corner of the burrito as opposed to even distribution. I went there three times drunk with friends and now I'm sober enough to realize the name of this burrito establishment. check out burritophile.com for more in-depth reviews!
Nothing fancy about El Farolito, but that's the appeal. It's big, it's open, the options are solid, and it's cheap. Always a good place to go if you need a quick bite, but actually want to sit down for a minute. It's super laid back, and you see a variety of people in there. For instance, last time I was there, I stood in line next to a cute Mexican lady who was making funny faces at her baby to make him laugh. Then I sat down at one of the plastic-like picnic tables next to an investment banker and we talked for a bit (we were sharing because the place was full!). The investment banker left, and then some French guys sat down at the next table over. One was visiting from Pareeeeeeeee, and had never had a burrito before (seriously, France is like Mexican food hell... they don't even know how to make the beans, let alone a decent tortilla chip). It was highly entertaining to surreptitiously watch someone lose their burrito virginity. Yes, monsieur, we eat it with our hands. And it's messy. And it's GOOD.
Still the best damn burritos in San Francisco, hands down. I challenge anyone to find me a better one! Super chile relleno burrito, fucking amazing.
Not as good as advertised, but pretty good for late night fare. I am a Texan though, so our standards are a bit higher for Mexican food.
Probably the most authentic mission experience you can get without being glared at when you enter a Latino bar.My favorite burritos in the city.
Their Quesadilla Super Suiza is my favorite piece of Mexican food in existence. With taquerias occupying every other store front in the Mission, it can be easy to throw your hands up and say "Whichever!" But El Farolito (spanish for Lighthouse) appropriately stands out from it's competitors. This means you might stand in line for a few minutes before you place your order, but it'll be well worth it. To occupy your short wait, they have a plexiglass enclosed grilling station so you can watch the goodness being cooked up in the meantime. Chips are an extra 50 cents, but they provide a decent salsa bar. Getting a table can be a bit cutthroat at times, but just hover near the back and you should be able to score one by the time your food arrives. The Ceviche tostada was fresh and didn't make me queasy as my friend assured me was typical of taqueria seafood. But truly, the thing to order is the Quesadilla Super Suiza, a steal at just under 6 bucks for such hearty meal. It's cheese-heaped quesadilla filled with a meat of your choice, avacado and sour cream, grilled to "can I please please please have a bite" perfection. They fold it to look like a double layer burrito, removing any need for utensils. If my apartment were any closer to El Farolito, I'd have to type with a wand as my finger's would get so fat from 3 Suizas a day. Don't be misled, THIS is the THE taqueria of the Mission.
Quesadilla Super Suiza de El Farolito... I heart you! Full of steak, cheese, sourcream and avocado (oh, and I had them add jalapenos because I needed it hot and spicy), it was everything I was hoping for, and only $6!! As you wait in line to order (I think we waited about 15 minutes), you get to watch the magic happen! Burritos are slapped together, tacos are assembled, and other plates of yummy mexican deliciousness are made for all the hungry people... right in front of your face!I will have to come back and order a chile relleno because I am on a perpetual quest to find out where the chile rellenos are good... you know, hot and spicy with stringy melty cheese... and even where they are bad (ugh, cheese not quite melted and *gasp* a chile that is nearly flavor-less).
Oh hell yes! I went to this restaurant with some friends while I was visiting SF looking for work. I found work and I plan to make a habit out of this place once I get up here.I got a vegetarian burrito with chile rellenos inside and a Tecate to help it down. Absolutely delicious! We also split some nachos, which were freaking amazing. Huge, piled high with everything... cheese, beans, guac, salsa, sour cream = mmmmmm. The ingredients and spices are awesome, and make for the sort of meal that makes you want to go for a second round just so that you can taste the wonderment all over again.The bathroom is a bit weird. You have to be buzzed in. I went up and asked to be buzzed, and the two young lisping hispanic males in Armani Exchange shirts who hadn't ordered but were chilling in the back tried to snake in. No way, funboys, don't step in front of my bladder. They went in after I left for whatever sort of shennanigans I don't want to think of when I'm eating a burrito.The place isn't built to impress but it didn't seem sketchy. Granted I didn't see anyone get stabbed like others have. It doesn't matter... the food is awesome.
Sweet, smooth and spicy. You wish sex was this good. El Farolito sets the standard by which all SF Burritos are and shall be measured from here on out. Yeah mon, this is the first place I am going to hit on the BART when I arrive at SFO.
My hubby says it's the best, and so does Nish. You can't argue with that.The burritos are killer, and the enchiladas are totally to die for. Note: do not eat any of these foods if you are planning to do yoga anytime soon. Not a good plan. Eat at this place after you've done your yoga already for the day.Also, the people here taking the orders and making the food are always NICE and respectful. That means a lot to me. I don't like getting a bunch of attitude or being leered at when I'm trying to get my grub on. All I want is a smile and some comprehension of what I'm asking for. This place delivers. Well, not to your door, but if you go there, you will get what you are looking for - damn good Mexican food.
I went here after reading all the awesome reviews on Yelp as I do with a lot of places. But this one didn't live up to the hype. For one, they screwed up the order and the burritos weren't out of this world or anything.On the other hand, I like how you can go serve yourself some extra salsa and other stuff which for me by itself is three star worthy.
hummm a taqueria has 865 reviews... odds are some of us have probably been there at the same time together... and a vast majority of thos people who have been there at the same time has probably been there AFTER MIDNIGHT! this place is soo awesome. we used to go there all the time. its right at the 24th street bart station so it makes it a great spot to hit up and then jump back on the train to head to downtown. i cant even tell u how many great nights ended here!the nachos are the best. its huge plate and i think its less than $4..maybe even less than $3?the quesidillas are unreal! the burritos are hands down the best and the prices are extra friendly if u are balling on a budget! this place is soo great!
I keep on hearing stories from a couple of my friends that would travel across the bay just for some "ElFarts" as they call it. Haha. So i decided one day that I would spend a little extra on BART just to check this place out.( I go to SFSU btw)I ride BART up to 24 Mission. Then I make a quick right turn and there it is. I see the open grill cookin up the meats and check out the menu. I heard that they're known for their Quesedillas so I odered the "Super Suiza". I get my number and I get it wrapped in foil and I take it home. After I get home. I open it up and it was probably the most unhealthy thing ever! But it's taste was unmatched. I probably won't eat there everyday for I'll die really fast. All I gotta say it's worth the health risk.
Great burritos and value. Interior is Spartan - it's a about the food. I like to stop off on Bart rides to take out. Can't count the number of times I went there am 2am with the munchies after a night of bar hopping.
My personal favorite burrito of all time, especially in the Mission, El Farolito is the greasiest, tastiest, deliciousest (I know, that's not a word, but I'm using it anyway.) burrito in SF, possibly the state. And drunk people rejoice the place is open til three in the morning for you to get your burrito craving filled until you pass out halfway through. But seriously though, El Farolito is great. It leaves you satisfied, but between you and me, I've never finished a single super burrito of theirs in my life. It's two pounds of food. The best kind that I've ever had in mine is lengua(tongue), and don't freak out about it, because they shred it so it's not tasting you while you're tasting it(Creepy, I know!). You could also try cabeza(brain of a bovine) but I have not. I'm too busy having the lengua. On a scale of one to ten, I give it 11.
Very Tasty Great BurritosThe burritos are excellent. By far this whole in the wall is the best place to get a burrito after 2am. There isn't even a sign that mentions their hours of operation. I asked them one time on when they closed. The cashier shrugged and said "late."Not much of an atmosphere (nor that clean) but then again, you don't come here for it.
The super quesadilla suiza is my new fatty love. I always got the carne asada burrito but it has now taken a back seat. This is one of my favorite burrito spots in SF. Burritos in SF suck overall.
I just HAVE to try a place that has 1200+ reviews and 4.5 stars! It was a good sign when there was a line out the door and it just looked like a dirty hole in the wall joint!All of us ordered the steak burrito and it was delicious. It was the size of a small baby and packed with flavor. Add the salsa and you've got one hell of a meal.I will go back here if I am ever in the mission again.
Best burrito place in SF, hands down, and I never even hardly ever get a burrito here. I am freaking in love with the Steak Quesadilla Suiza, which comes dripping with sauce. Yum. The prices are insanely cheap and always have been for the amount of food and the freshness of the ingredients. You don't want to look around at the cleanliness or lack thereof. Just enjoy the food. There's a second location down the street on 24th and ...whatever, near Bryant in that old school hood down there. I once moved to NY for school and dreamed about the food from this place. That's how good it is.
It's 11:30 PM on a Tuesday night. Starving. I was positively starving. We swung by a couple other taquerias, but found them devastatingly closed. El Farolito to the rescue! I got a regular chicken (grilled) burrito. It was one big burrito! I only got about half way through it. (And I really thought I could eat a whole cow when I walked in there!) Lotsa flavor, good and spicy, good proportion of meat to beans to rice. Good stuf!
Does El Farolito make a tasty burrito? Sheeit... This is my reason for BARTing downtown rather than driving or scooting. It is also the reason I'm cultivating a spare tire. It is part of the reason I didn't want to move when my lease was up.I take out of towners here with aplomb when they ask where the best burrito in the city is. They always cringe at the third world decor and untrustworthy filth, but they are soon kissing my feet when they taste the luscious carne asada super burrito (C.A.S.B.). If you want another life experience to take to your grave, and don't mind a little corpulence, drop in some time for a juicy C.A.S.B. I know all the locals that I've enwisened tend to look fatter the next time I see them. ;)
The obligatory El Farolito review.Delicious.
Where is my SHRIMP? I would normally have a 4-stars for their food but this time it's disappointing. I ordered a carne asada shrimp super burrito and there is NO SHRIMP in it! And it is not the first time they make mistakes. I have to admit tho that their food is really good, probably one of the best in the city.
I will never go back. HAIR found in the super chicken burrito. KW and I went there to celebrate Cinco De Mayo and encountered a massive line going out the door. The jam packed restaurant along with the sizzling smells of the carne asada on the grill had led me astray. I felt deceived and grossed out after looking down at what I thought was my brilliant idea of the night (maybe even the week) when I found the lone black hair stuck to the salsa in the actual burrito. Oh El Farolito how could you?
In constant search for the best burrito or quesadilla in the city, this place takes the taco. The one guy that works the register (he switches between this one and the one on 24th) is the nicest guy in the world. Worth going just for the 20 second interaction with him if he is there.You basically get 2 meals for $6, and if you feel like throwing a modelo on top you are still coming in at under $10. Three different homemade salsas, pickled jalapenos, onions and carrots if you feel like you can take the heat. Another trick is if you are driving and want to park easier head to the one down on 24th, same food, same people and it is a brighter location. I have never seen anyone order the cow brain or tongue, but if that's your thing... Keepin it real with steak, chicken, and pork is always safe & delicious too.Not to mention your food is ready in under 5 minutes and even if there is a line it moves incredibly quickly
Was here yesterday after attending an event over at Treasure Island. The fiance and I wanted nachos and wanted to try something new. So with the help of Yelp, we stumbled upon El Farlito. We're not from the city, so getting around wasn't as easy since we're not too familiar with the area. When we got there, the line was almost out the door. It's really a small place and kinda dark. But the food smelled oh so yummy and soon as we stepped in.Since we were craving nachos, we ordered the Super Nachos with carne asada and we also tried the Super Suiza. Yum! They were pretty big portions so luckily that's all we ordered. The carne asada was really good, not salty at all and was perfectly cooked.  The nachoes and the super suiza were packed with meat, sour cream, cheese and fresh avocado. They also have a little salsa bar available and they offer a free basket of chips also. We really liked the green salsa...had the perfect kick to it.Parking is hard to find, but then again, you are in the city. It looks like the place is almost always full so finding a seat may be hard if it's crowded. It really is your hole-in-the-wall, but the food is good.If we're ever in the area again and craving Mexican food, El Farolito will be the spot.
The best burrito in the bay. The hardworking men at El Farolito seamlessly blend together into my burrito bundle the flavors of carne asada, sour cream, guac, rice, beans, cheese, creating an amalgamation of flavor that I would make me die happy after eating. And I almost did!!! Did I mention the place is sketch? A crazy guy wielding a machete was waving his weapon at my boyfriend and me, until we scurried out the door (thus 4 stars). Don't bring the grandparents, but it's worth risking your life for this burrito.
So many Taquerias, so little time in the stinkin' Mission, why should this one be any different? Well, hmmm.... maybe I could just say "BECAUSE IT'S FREAKIN AWESOME" but no that would be making an assertion based on little fact, support or detail. Let's see, maybe I can recall a useless anecdote that tells everyone very little about the place in question but affirms my support for said eating establishment based solely on my unique experience... I saw this cracked out lady stick a burrito somewhere it shouldn't be and then make someone else consume it. No wait, wrong taqueria and wrong night.Ahh... well damn, I guess I'll just have to tell the mundane details of the how I ended up here. Well, I've started frequenting Doc's Clock on Tuesday evenings. After a friend started hyping this place up more than Paris Hilton's next bad move, I decided to give in and walk a few blocks south. This week was different, I was more sober than usual. While being a consistent carne asada consumer, I broke ranks and ordered the carnitas. There was something about that juicy fresh looking pork sitting in that pan that wouldn't let me stop staring. Uh, oh... Two things different from my usual burrito experience, would this be a harbinger of burrito horror? I ordered and waited.I had managed to get one bite from the burrito while waiting for my friend to use the bathroom, but I couldn't help it, I had to pull the fall back technique of stoners and drunks on the move... the eat and walk. I wasn't even wasted but there was something about that damn burrito that wouldn't let me put it down. I'm sure I looked like an absolute slob or an ambitious stoner as I made my way down Mission, ravenously devouring this carnitas burrito. I mean I probably looked drunk since I couldn't keep my face out of that burrito enough to walk, never mind the disgusted looks I received. It was a 15-minute walk of gluttony that was more than worth it.The lesson: come try the food here, it's quite good. Oh, and there is usually a line here. While a line can delay the instant gratification your stomach seeks, it usually means the food is pretty good.
I love me some El Farolito!!!! Their super chicken burrito is something I crave on a regular basis. The staff is quick and always remembers me. They're open until like 3 am, and they open at like what.... 10? Man, I love that place. Everything I've had there, I've loved - enchiladas, suizas, tacos, tostadas, nachos.... yu-um!
One word...AMAZING! You can never go wrong with this place. Excellent food, service, and prices.
El Farolito makes my favorite burritos in the city - probably in the world.The burritos taste the same not matter which El Farolito they come from, I prefer to get mine from the El Farolito on 24th and Florida but there is a special place in my heart for this one because it is open so late.
Most amazing quesadilla I have ever had. The carne asada is legit and the pico de gallo is so fresh! Not to mention real avocado slices inside. YUM!
Bomb chicken tacos, hot sauce is grrrrreeeeaaaat. Just somewhat small and can be dirty at times. But quite convenient location and opened till waaaay late.
This place will be the death of me and my waistline.
Hands down the best mexican food in san francisco!!
I still think the food is great, it just takes too long. Too many people all the time. And every time I get the flautas I have to wait longer and longer. If you're not drunk, have somewhere to be and want a quick burrito, you better go on yonder. I have to take away a star. Just because I waited 22 minutes for my flautas last week (after I finally ordered) and yesterday waiting 19 minutes for my burrito (again, after finally ordering). Haven't had a better flauta meal yet.
What do you think the chances are, that you and your friend met two guys in the East Bay during a month long holiday drinking binge, and one of you dated Guy A and one of you, less-than-dated Guy B, both situations ending in less than optimal conditions, and then one night you are drunk as all hell in the Mission and decide that you need a burrito to save your life that you end up in line directly behind Guy A and Guy B?Clearly higher than my guess of zero because this is exactly what happened on Saturday night due to the overwhelming awesomeness of El Farolito burritos. Damn you El Farolito. Gas rating: 5So, on top of the nasty surprise that came along with the burrito, turns out when you've drank about a bottle of pure vodka, it acts like a cold on your taste buds. You can't really taste properly. This might cause you to dump a gallon of hot sauce all over your burrito before every bite which might cause you to have a hard core case of flaming hot a$$hole the next day. And if you drank about a bottle of vodka, not even a burrito from El Farolito will prevent you from being hung over the next morning. Just saying.
Best 5 dollars you can spend on a burrito in San Francisco. Agree with all the reviewers who say go for the Quesadilla Super Suiza. It's the best.
I would have given this burrito 5 stars if the sour cream wasn't all in one spot. The second time I ordered it sans sour cream it was incredible. There is the perfect balance of rice and beans and yummy chicken. I swear to god these burritos weigh 5 pounds.I love to go sunday nights before I settle in for a movie. They cure any remaining hangover from the night before and are so heavy that it ensures a perfect nights sleep!
a very busy taqueria dishing out one of the best burritos in town. their chile relleno burrito is something everyone should try.
The very best burritos I have ever eaten. Pair one with a Mexican coke, ie real cane sugar not fructose, and you'll be in heaven! These folks are always busy so be prepared to wait but the reward of your wait will be delicious.
Tasty as all get out (especially after a few drinks), El Far is the best burrito I've had in San Francisco. These burritos are so big, that they end up being leftovers. And they taste just as good. To quote a friend, I love it so much I want to take it out behind the middle school and get it pregnant.That's right, I went there. Such is my devotion.If you haven't tried El Farolito yet, you should. Remember to give a big "gracias" to your cashier. Late nights there can be rowdy (but worth the wait).
This place is 4 stars during normal business hours, but definitely 5 stars after a night in the mission.
Really great food amazing carne asada I've been comming here for years for a reason!
I think in my previous life I was a bucket of salsa. I love Mexican food so much that I can't keep off it. Some nights its so bad that I will purposely get my friends drunk and hungry just so we can go to el farolito later and I can experience my ultimate guilty pleasure : super grilled chicken burrito, no sour cream. $5.95 please.done, and done.there is always a line. you will almost always see someone you know. the bathroom is best avoided, and the green salsa is heavenly.meat is fresh, avocado's are always ripe but never brown, there is a cute guy behind the counter who doesn't speak english, i've had some of the best conversations of my life in this joint.DISCLAIMER: i've also eaten here in broad daylight, sober, and still give it 5 stars.
Praise the burrito gods and the Yelpers who led me to this haven! Take a big old bite of vegetarian super burrito, and let us say AMEN!New Years day, hungover, and exhausted off four hours of sleep, boyfriend and I were craving a Mexi-meal. Actually, we were really horny for Nick's Crispy Taco's, but the damn place was closed, which worked out, because it forced me to drive to the Mission, where I would meet my future Lovah, El Farolito. People think vegetarian burritos are dull, unadventurous wraps, but to me, they're perfection. I eat the chicken burritos on occasion, but always find myself wanting it to be meatless. The veggie burrito at El Farolito is really one of the best burritos I've ever had. The two deciding factors are: the rice and the cheese. The rice had this amazing rich and spicy flavor and the cheese, well the cheese was melty and delicious. I often can't even tell there's cheese in a burrito. But these bad boys are filled with cheesy goodness. Other bonus points are for:a grilled tortilla, rather than a steamed onechunks of avocado, rather than soupy guacthe right amount of sour cream, rather than a white gloppy messand beans, glorious beans (they have black beans! huzzah!)!!!All other burritos I've had in SF pale in comparison to El Farolito. Boyfriend was raving about his Carne Asada burrito too, and tells me that we're going to have to cross town anytime we're feeling the need for Mexican food, because the Mission is the Mecca of beans and rice!The horchata was yummy too, like French toast in a drink! Very Cinnamony and smooth.Sweet 6 pound 8 ounce baby burrito, I bow down to you!
Sometimes when I miss San Francisco, I close my eyes and stick my arms out like ET and imagine that there's a Pollo El Farolito Burrito in my clutches that i can nod down towards and take a chomp from. And just kick back and meditate on that amazing painting of the glowing gyro machine w/meat slab they have in the last booth.mmm....
What more can be said about this place? The 24th and Mission location is the flagship for me cause they have the highest turnover and best food. 12 more months and I'll have been going there for 10 years. I guess for the newbies out there, the super burrito Al Pastor con todo (but no cheese) and the super quesadilla suiza Al Pastor are what it's all about. Try them if you haven't already....and careful when you eat the pickled jalapenos, cause every now and then there's one that'll burn your face off.
I've been a displaced San Diegan in the Bay Area for about 4 years and this is the only Mexican place in the Bay that lives up to SoCal Mexican standards. Thank you, El Farolito, for not seving Bay Area yuppie-style Mexican and keeping it real.
I tried eating here but ended up waiting half an hour for an order that never got made: yes, I'm talking about the famous invisible burrito tragedy. They didn't even realize they were not making my food until I asked them if they were making my food, which they were not. It's invisible food. They don't even give you free chips to eat while you wait for your invisible food.The dude did not seemed phased in the slightest and just asked me what kind of burrito I would like, as if this was our first dance. Then when I told him I wanted a refund (instead of waiting all over again to see if they could materialize an actual burrito in three dimensions), he refunded me the cost without the tax and ignored me when I told him he was charging me a percentage for my invisible food experience. But since then i have come to understand that this is a variation on the famous old 'making sixty cents off of an invisible burrito' trick. I think I might have even tipped when I paid so that will help with the 'invisible burrito pyramid scheme' royalties.My friend tells me I am not missing out on much as the burritos are so greasy they get all orange and soggy by the end. He says you always have to wait for a while for your soggy burrito but usually they are not invisible. You can however get a 'brain burrito', so if that's your thing maybe you can give this place five stars and laugh at all the invisible burrito victims while you chomp down on your brains al pastor.Regardless, they failed me in my hour of most desperate need, and so they get one star to the dome. Down with invisible burritos!
So what can I say that already hasn't been touched upon in the 1,000+ reviews of this place, nothing. So I will simply leave it by saying these burritos are delicious, huge, and a great deal. From the first bite I was pretty hooked and I find myself craving more and more every day.
whoever doesn't love a 1,000+ calorie carne asada (with some good amount of fat intact) burrito to cure those late night/drunken/420 munchies is loco! sure it can be a little hood and you can smell the bathroom before you walk through the door, but let's face it... i'm not thinking about my super model figure, getting jumped, or spending time in the outhouse of a bathroom when i hit up el farolito... it's all about getting that super burrito in my belly!
That's one good burrito, baby.
going out of town for a week and had to send a shout out. i will miss you super shrimp burrito with no beans (ok, shut up, it's either that or super shrimp quesadilla with no cheese, but you try ordering that to the nice man with a straight face!!). i will have to miss you this week and it makes me sad. when i first moved here you taught my ignorant ass what tasty virtue there is in mexican food. (ok, ok, it's not really mexican) but you taught me the simple wholesome goodness in those exponential possibilities of proteins and starches. unfortunately you are so good that i have never been to another taqueria, so maybe i'm biased. and unfortunately for me i am ruined to ever leave the bay area, now that taco bell and even those fancy sit down mexican restaurants just won't do no more. i mean, is that crack in them shrimp?? because i am addicted. also heard there was a nother farolito around the corner. but again, this place is sooo good, i haven't been able to go anywhere else - cause one can go very very wrong i fear, in this hood...
Most definitely a decent place to go for Mexican food in the city. We went there a couple days ago and ordered:1. Al Pastor Torta2. Tostada de Ceviche3. Carne Asada TacoThe torta was a big hit with me. Lots of chunky slices of avocado, melted cheese and a flavorful, juicy al pastor. The tostada had excellent flavor and seasonings, but the shrimp is not what I would call, you know, fresh. I ate the whole thing anyway, which says a lot about its flavor. The taco was the only thing I didn't appreciate; but I'm of the opinion that tacos should be greasy. Many of my college days in L.A. were spent squatting on the sidewalk next to a taco truck, and I have to say, greasy L.A. taco trucks serve some of the tastiest Mexican food this side of the border. I miss those days. But El Farolito's pretty good, too.
My favorite mexican place in the mission - big servings, cheap, and delicious! My favorite is the quesadilla super suiza.
Everytime I go to the Bay area to visit the fam, I make it a point to stop here and have some grub, The super burritos are HUGE and CHEAP, and they don't skimp on the sour cream and guacamole, much less on the meat!!! My favorites are Al pastor and Carnitas. The Quesadilla Suiza with carne asada are heaven on a tortilla. Prices are CHEAP!!!
Awesome chorizo burrito, and they have fresh meat. I live in san Diego, and never thought any other city could top their "on the border" tasting Mexican food. El Farolito prooves me wrong!!! This place is a great hole-in-the-wall spot with a taste straight off the streets of TJ.
I love love love ending my night with one of these burritos at 3 in the morning. You won't find a better burrito in San Francisco or anywhere for that matter no what what you hear.
The best Burrito I've had in San Francisco so far. What separates the good from the great is the details and for them they toast the outside of the tortilla, which gives it that little I don't know what. Get the Grilled Chicken instead of the regular chicken though. Has more Flavor. Can't give it a 5 because I have had a few better but not in SF.
This is by far my favorite burrito place!! I always get the Super burrito with rice, beans, cheese, sour cream, and carne asada and have never had a bad experience. Only draw back is that it is about 25-30 min away from my house so I dont get to eat there often(actually, this might be a good thing).
I have to say that when I got off BART and walked up to street level I thought I was back in Tijuana. The neighborhood puts you on guard, and when you walk into the restaurant, you do not get the feeling they adhere strictly to the county health code, but this had to be some of the BEST Mexican food I have ever had. I will go back.
Best in the Mission!! One dish feeds two people!! So the price can't be beat!!
I used to have a strict "no El Farolito before midnight" policy, as if the grease without the tempering effects of liquor had some sort of evil gremlin effect on my system. That changed after I moved to the Mission and began to take BART on a regular basis. Now it's become my favorite source of post-commute instant gratification. The burritos are pretty consistent, although I'd encourage branching out into other offerings to keep it interesting (i.e. tacos al pastor, tortas, shrimp quesadilla). Eating in can be intense, what with the squint-inducing lighting and the conversation-killing jukebox. My favorite El Farolito moment was when two otherwise nondescript women in their mid-30s jumped up from their tortilla chips and performed a fully choreographed lip-sync routine to Madonna's "Hung Up" (that recent one with the ABBA sample) then sat back down as if nothing had happened. I think they both had perms. It was awesome.
I would give this place 2 stars. Have been to this place on two consecutive nights and tried different things. The quality of food is the worst ever. Chicken is not coooked. rice is raw.. the food doesnt taste good at all.. I would recommend Pancho Villa on 16 and Mission or Taco truck on 16 and Van Ness. Unfortunately, they are not open late night!
Cheap and Delicious. Cooked to perfection. I have Super Burrito, Super Quesadilla, Super Nachos, Taco and Torsta, each with different kind of meat. The meat taste real good.
Great place for a cheap and filling burrito/quesadilla/torta at any time of day or night.The only downside is that they don't take credit card.
I came with a party of 9 tonight and we had no problem finding seating. I ordered at the cashier and by the time I grabbed my salsa (which is a little spicy for me), my fork and napkins...my food arrived at my table. I ordered a Super Taco with Grilled Chicken. The Grilled Chicken was really juicy and flavorful. The Super Taco comes with what seems like a gallon of sour cream and actual avocado slices. Although I love sour cream and avocados...I wish I had just gotten a regular street taco so that I could have savored the grilled chicken. I also shared a Super Nachos with Carne Asada with a friend and the portion was HUGE. We had to share with two other people to finish. I also had an Horchata but it was too grainy for me. If the Horchata was better...this place would have gotten that extra star. Still a great place to have great mexican food!
Came in here to grab a burrito before a 49er game. I'm still blown away at how cheap this place is for the quality of the food. The burritos are obscenely cheap, large, and great! I'm down.
El Farolito is very average Mexican food. The ingredients are fresh, the price is cheap, and the quantities are unnecessarily large. It epitomizes the moniker "hole in the wall" and has very limited and very homely seating. The menu is almost exclusively oriented around burritos, tacos, and quesadillas. These kinds of places are a dime a dozen. It's good food, but there's no compelling reason to ever return or go out of your way to come back. The only reason I've come to this place multiple times because it has great hours, being one of the last restaurants open in the Mission. Because of this however, it's super crowded at night to the point where you could wait 30-40 minutes before getting some food in your belly. Anything grilled (namely the quesadillas) is also dripping in oil, making leftovers pointless and disgusting.
Let me start by saying that I had the worst burrito of my life from this place. About three years ago I ordered a regular burrito con pollo and it was disgusting. So disgusting in fact that I threw it in a garbage can! The chicken was dry, there was no salsa, and I found a bone. Just hellacious.Fast forward to now. This regular burrito with al pastor is flavorful, delightfully spicy, and sizable. I heard upon my return home that their specialty is the torta, which I'd debated, but here I am with this burrito and it's solid, if not quite good. Yet, they charge you $.50 for chips. What the fuck is that bullshit? This is the only place I've ever seen that charges you for the essentials, and therefore I must knock it down a notch. But considering how I felt three years ago, three stars should feel like a miracle for this place.
i like this place, i really doand i wish i could give it more than one starbut the last time i went there wasnt just one big black strand of hair in my burrito, but TWOi tried to ignore and forget about the first onei kept eating my burrito because it was good and i got it to go and didnt feel like walking back therebut then i got to the second strand and had to say "no more" to el farolito :-(
There are always non-english speaking mexcerz there, and if it has their approval, then what-the-hey.The burritos are large and in charge, but if you ever get the chance, order a torta (Mikey did, and it was fantastico).It's dirty, but you can't ask too much from a mex joint. I mean... no offense... well... you know...What's up with the owner? Is he a white mexican or something? He's cool. He always has this smirk on his face like he just thought of something funny but is trying to maintain composure.And what a variety of beverages!!!Carrot juice? Frickin awesome. Those mexicans must have the best eye sight ever!Minus a star cuz it's kinda sketch for veggies since they slop animal juice all over the friggin place. Not cool.
Yeah the food's good but everyone in here is drunk and has a boner pointed at you. It's hard to communicate your burrito preferences while slapping drunk penis hands off your thigh and wiping sexy romance spittle out of your ears. And, nobody cares. Bring an automatic weapon if you don't want to get raped.
Drunk late-night go to burrito goodness.
Wow, the quesadillas are RIDICULOUS.Like, bigger than your head. Like two burritos in one dish, really.Wish they would make their own chips, cuz I'm sure those would be really good, too!Plenty of parking around, woot!
August 22nd, 2010, By far the first real day of Summer in San Francisco, My GF and I felt like crusing the mission in hopes of finding some authentic Mission style burritos then low and behold El Farolito came to mind. So we traveled down passed the traffic and to our luck, parking. YaY When we went inside it was crowded but not to a point where one would get irritated, It had good environment for a Sunday, I ordered the Carne Asada Super Burrito and the GF saw how big it was and decided she was going to have 2 Crunchy Tacos. We dined in and some of the tables weren't 100% clean which is partially why I give 3 stars. They brought us our food and to my dismay, I can honestly say I've had better in San Francisco. The customer service is good, the guy was friendly and the Horchata was great! I would give this place another chance just to order the chicken and the nachos.
This place is one of the BEST TAQUERIAS in the bay area! I have been to many taquerias in my life, looking aimlessly for the best tacos, and burritos around. My basis for comparison you ask? Mexico, and some good ole fashion home cooking, and while nothing can compare to traditional home made food. This comes pretty close in taste. Don't let the location scare you, or the bathrooms for that matter. They clearly know what they're doing when it comes to food. The line is usually out the door, but its worth the wait.I've been to El Farolito several times with different people just to get their opinion, and no one has been disappointed so far. Chicken tacos, tacos al pastor (spicy pork), steak tacos, burritos, all good. I usually go by the salsa. Rule of thumb, if the salsa isn't that great, the food probably isn't either. Besides if the salsa sucks what else can you drown a bland taco with?... ;)All kidding aside this place has good salsa and great food.
My fave of the SF burritos. Big, good avocado and cheese ratios, nice avo-salsa, good location, good prices (except for their t-shirts), good agua frescas.
Oh, I am tiring of writing the same thing about the taquerias here in SF, which is they are not as good as the taquerias much closer to the border. I will give this burrito shop props for pricing their burritos in a range that is more reasonable than most of the taquerias I have been to. A super burrito for under $5 that is still a reasonable size is hard to find in this city. The hot sauce quality and selection leaves something to be desired but they did give me a basket of chips with my purchase. They must have known, when I ordered "no rice" that I wasnt messing around because they also put extra hot sauce in my burritto without me having to ask.
The burritos were solid, and the price can't be beat, but the horchata was lousy. Definitely the powdered stuff. :(
My favorite Tacqueria in the city, it provides big, dirty, cheap burritos late at night. It's the quintessential Mission experience
One of the best mexican food places in the city. I like the chrozio burito. No egg just chorizo.
When it's 2 am and your cab is taking you home and there is a taqueria with a line at the door, something is going on.Very clean food that is worth waiting in line for. I mean all of those people can't be wrong. Right? Right. A definite Mission institution.
I Ordered some tacos and after i payed i asked one of the cooks for a couple of paper towels. The guy gave me the kind of attitude you give when you're pissed off and are in the wrong place @ the wrong time. First time that happens to me.
Three words: super quesadilla suiza
One of my fav places in the mission. Great value and the tacos are delicious! I took my sister and her boyfriend to El Farolito's while they were on vacation from NY and they really enjoyed the food. Let's just say we all had to take a nice long walk to work off some of the calories. I can't wait to go back!
**I was so drunk, i wrote this review for another place. i just deleted it, and copied the review onto this place**holy quesadilla batman! ive tried many a place since moving out of san ho, but have never found a chicken flour quesadilla that could match la vic's tasty concoction. i think ive found it. of course, its still not the same without the orange sauce, but this was one good quesadilla. granted, i was hammered and a rock probably would have tasted good, but i was hammered probably 95% of the time i had la vic too. props for being open really late and for having a sexy crowd and for the fairly quick service. mmmmmmmmm...**i now have orange sauce at home, but the green sauce here isnt too bad either. and i love me some horchata**
I used to love El Farolito.The food taste great.Its always very bust and generally there is a line out the door.I prefer not to eat in the place since sometimes its a little smelly.I unfortunately had to stop eating here because I would get sick every time I ate here. This made me question the cleanliness and quality of the food. If I could stomach it I would probably continue to eat here but beware.
I stopped by here on a food tour of SF. I had the carnitas tacos, which was delicious! All of the other food definitely looked super good as well, but I wasn't hungry enough to order anything else. The horchata is kind of gritty, but if you can look past the chalky taste, it's a good thirst quencher. One note is that the free water comes directly out of the tap. Just in case you're squeamish.They also, for some inexplicable reason, will randomly play one song really loudly and then just stop. They totally cut off some guy who was trying to play guitar in the store too.In summary:food = totally delishatmosphere = crowded, but enough space to find seats together for a party of 7. tolerable loudness unless they're playing musicservice = not too bad. line to order didn't move too fast, but the food came out at a reasonable pace.price = hella cheap! you feel like a winner when you eat here
All of their mexican food is amazing. If you want greatness I would go for the super suiza carne asada. I bought a burrito and was sad to find that my sister's super suiza was even better! The chips that come with the food are also very good!
ugh. my friend and i tried this place after seeing all the wonderful yelp reviews. don't get me wrong, i love hole-in-the-walls as much as the next broad, but that's if the food is good. the food was mediocre, borderline terrible. I had a carnitas taco and a shrimp tostada. the carnitas taco was pretty standard. the shrimp tostada was cold and flavorless. big disappointment. bottom line, i shouldn't have ordered the seafood. at one point i asked for more lettuce for my tostada. i asked an employee for a side of lettuce. after taking out the trash he grabbed some lettuce with his hand and he wasn't wearing gloves. ugh... needless to say, i'll be getting my mexican nosh from pancho villa or the little chihuahua
el farolito's is one of the best best burrito joints in the mission! i picked up my friend from a late-night flight and she said the magic words, "i'm hungry! could we get something to eat?" my old faithful-- the carne asada supreme burrito + horchata drink. i swear, it definitely hits the spot after a long night of dancing.
Cheap, Massive and Delicious...everything you want in a burrito. They have all types of meat even TONGUE..ummm! Pretty much a cardiac arrest waiting to happen but well worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great. Authentic. Mexican.I have two buddies who live a block away from here, and every time I visit I eat at El Farolito multiple times. Their burritos are delicious, fairly large, and very reasonably priced. Also, they have everything; you don't pay extra for guac or anything inside. Also, they have plates of nachos that are simply massive, and also feature all the fixin's.Also, to add to the appeal, they are open late, and they serve coke out of bottles.
Burritos are delicious! Suiza Quesadillas are delicious! Green sauce is delicious!One of my favorite taqueria joints. The burritos and suiza quesadillas are rich in flavor. They are huge and they pack it with a lot of avocado, sour cream, and cheese.One set back is that if you insist on getting more than one item and plan on eating it within the next day, you'll get sick of it. Yes, I've done it. But only because it's so good!Of all the times I've been here, the staff has always been real nice. I even came here once when they had a live band. Ok, it was just a lady playing the guitar. Still, what other taqueria does that?Oh yeah, SALSA BAR!... with jalapenos for you to pick from!
to be honest, it was okay. and merely okay. lots of reviewers exalt this place for having giant burritos. and yes, they are big, but i have definitely seen bigger.much bigger.for starters, the tortilla was virtually given no love or attention. it tasted like it came out of a package. and bear in mind that everything else in a burrito is dressed up in the tortilla's love. therefore, almost every bite tasted like a loveless, drunken one-night stand. in burrito-terms.also, when i hear "cheap mexican food," i envision slapping a five-dollar bill on the counter and getting some change back. el farolito, therefore, does not qualify (to me) as a place that serves "cheap mexican food." i mean, not that i'm cheap or anything. i think.(first i talk about the burrito like it's a one-night stand, then i claim that the food isn't cheap. i must sound like a regretfully adventurous frat boy.)but i digress. for those who champion this spot as the "best mexican food" they've ever had, i highly suggest investing in a trip to san diego. or mexico. i guess.
Previously, I have been a perpetrator of that gravest of hipster transgressions, the denigration of the burrito. Not that I eschewed burritos in general, but more that I didn't believe in the hierarchy. Mostly this is due to the fact that I have been frequenting the same taqueria since preschool (La Cumbre), which sets in one's mind a certain prototype for comparison, be it socially appropriate or not.And I will remain forever loyal to La Cumbre, but in my travels (not so much in my world travels, just mostly around town) I have had some unfortunate run-ins with inferior burritos. And on occasion, I have had some trysts with some especially delicious burritos. Which is how I came to see the error of my ways regarding the hierarchy. It is alive and well, and to the best of my knowledge, El Farolito is in the lead by several boat lengths. (Or, um, burrito lengths, for those of you who did not row crew.)They are so far in the lead, judging by the fact that I am the 139th opinion on this site as well as general non-internet hearsay, that this review is obviously completely unnecessary. I will say that one of these gratuitous super burrito explosions is just big enough to stuff the smug face of some self-satisfied Southern Californian, and hopefully shut them up for a while because I can't think with all their yapping about how their Mexican food is so superior.
I would definitely go to the city just for a trip to El Farolito. I love that their vegetarian burritos are a little bit spicy. I can totally deal with the long lines, tiny space and the fact that they're cash only because their food is truly in a league of its own. Even their aguas frescas taste so fresh. I'm still recovering from burrito food coma but would gladly go back tomorrow if I could. Be warned, their portions are massive! Even their quesadillas are over an inch thick. This is a great option if you're on budget, as a meal for El Farolito will fill up most people for the rest of the day.
Treat me badly and I will boycott you. You mess with me getting me eat on or my drink on and you are messing with my emotions. Believe me, you do not want to be F'n with my emotions. You see there are principalitys involved. Alas we live in an extremely litigious society so what can you do when you feel victimized? BOYCOTT, which is exactly what I did for more than two years promising myself I would never go in again.Then one day one of my roommates through a monkey wrench into the works. Considerate MF that he is, he returned from a visit to "The Lighthouse" with a little something extra just for me. Damn you quesadilla suiza, moral indignation or carnitas. Mmm carnitas. That little gesture pretty much ended my El Farolito boycott.Most people have issues with the cleanliness or more to the point lack of at EF. As far as I'm concerned Taqueria fare is Mexican Soul Food. As I've mentioned before, when it comes to Soul Food you can't expect a pristine environment. You have to get a little dirty and the Lighthouse is definitely d-i-r-t-a-y! (La Corneta Taqueria gets a pass on that though. There is an exception to every rule.)
I was so hungry and hungover it seemed like a good idea... my first seven bites were entirely rice... hmmm. My third bite after that revealed rubbery half melted cheese..hmmm. My second bite after that revealed little pieces of pork IN MY VEG SUPER BURRITO yuck. Twenty minutes after graciously giving the remainder of my burrito to my friend, I was doubled over with a stomach ache that put me in bed for the rest of the day.   If you want a horrid case of food poisioning, meat in your vegetarian meal, an incredibly long wait and a phethora of rice - here's your place....
Like many people, I used to stop here after drinking in the mission all night and thought it was great. I guess that's not a very reliable review though. Now I live around the corner and get food at El Farolito for lunch and dinner (mostly dinner) and of course still it's the best late night place. I haven't found a better place for consistency.The burritos are as big as a toy dog. They are cheap. The salsas are really good. The wait can be a pain, but it's always worth it. My dude loves the quesadillas.
These folks pile on the avocado, which is awesome. I know the beans they use probably aren't exactly "vegetarian," but if you are in line here, you probably don't care anyway.Great tortas, quesadillas, and burritos. Relatively cheap, relatively fast (especially considering the length of the line), I will take all of my visiting friends here and they'll be jealous.
First of all, i love mexican food but i'm not very picky with what i eat. I'm the kind of person who thinks all burrito's taste the same. And i'm sorry to say but this burrito wasn't any different from other burrito's i've tried. I'm not saying it in a negative way, it was super delicious but the dish that stole my taste buds were the NACHOS. My roommate got the super nachos with chicken in it and it was like an orgasm in my mouth! the chicken was so tender and juicy with a POW of flavor and the chips were crunchy and well, i can go on and on and on. but you get the point right? And i love that they are open late!
OK, revisted El Farolito on a pilgrimage. Better than I remembered. First came here at least 15 years ago. Super burrito de carne asada was fabulous. Just like my other favorite taquerias it is difficult to know what exactly makes the difference, but this is one place that gets it right. Great that some places just keep the magic.
This is by far my FAVORITE Taqueria in San Francisco. The Mission has the best Mexican food, and I LOVE El Farolito. Been here MANY times. It open late if I need to get a burrito late at night. The portions are huge, Sometimes I can't finish my food. The prices are really decent, Mexican food prices are already decent in the first place. But hands down El Farolito is the best Mexican food in San Francisco!
AWESOME. I had the suiza quesadilla which was recommended to me by the guy who was clearly a regular in line ahead of me. SO tasty. I brought friends who were in from outta town and I can imagine that this will now be on their list of things to do while in SF. They loved it, too.
Not my #1 late night burrito place in the Mission... but one of the best, and it's open a bit later than the rest in the area, and about a buck cheaper too. As you wait in line, you are also likely to encounter a crazy rumble or two, usually over the current soccer game score at El Farolito Soccer Club next door... just watch out for guys swinging trophies at rival fans and accidentally hitting their own friends...seriously.The al pastor super quesadilla used to be the perfect nightcap at least a couple times a week when I was living out in the Mish. I think I've lost about 10 pounds since leaving the neighborhood.... I owe it all to Farolito withdrawal.Their slogan should be... "If it doesn't leave a trail of grease running down your arm, it doesn't belong in your face."Good eatin, just have a buddy or two if you choose to wait in line in the wee hours.
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the entire Bay Area. It's usually pretty crowded but well worth the wait. I personally recommend the chorizo taco above all else. Be careful with the burritos - they are delicious but it's so much food it's hard to finish in one sitting.
i used to work down the street, so, well, the mission = burritos and all sorts thereof. farolito was the office crowd fave and well, if you want a meal that could really be 2 if not 3, this is the burrito for you. however, i think the unsung hero of the place are the chips! oooh the chips, how i miss them! those things are cracktastic.
Fish burritos was delicious. The salsa is great, and you can buy it to go as well. Really popular place with really good mexican.
i don't know why El Farolito is rated one of the best burrito places.its way TOO DIRTY and SMALL!also, i don't like smelling roach repellent while I'm eating my burrito.i only went there once and i never looked back.
I am a fan of their tacos. Tacos just cannot get better than $2+tax.I keep go back to El Farolito at Mission & 24th for their tacos.
Great tortas, burritos, quesadillas and etc. The meat is juicy and the food is cheap. The place is a little small and there is always a line though.
This is the best authentic mexican burrito that I've found in San Francisco. I love the Carne Asada Burrito. Great fresh steak. Good prices. Sometimes the line can get quite long which is my only complaint.
Possibly one of the best Burritos in the city. The place isn't all that pretty but damn. I haven't had one in so long... you know what forget this review im gonna go get me a burrito.
I went because of the hype - eh, I could've done without! As a matter of fact, I will!
I usually don't expect a lot when I get quesadillas. I say this bc how hard can it be...it's cheese and a tortilla. C'mon! Wow. Great quesadilla, probably the best I've had.
THE BEST BURRITO that I have ever had!!! You can't beat their super burrito. It's the entire "El Farolito Experience" that makes it memorable. Great guacamole salsa. Large burritos. Incredible taste. Odd paintings on the wall. Cokes in glass bottles. Diverse crowd and odd characters.  I ate there about 40 times during my college years ('00-'04) and it was great every time. I remember those days when it was $3.00 a burrito. Definitely a staple especially those days when I only had time for one meal.The only drawback to going at night was the occasional homeless person outside or drunk people inside. But that was all part of the experience. I moved to LA and I am on a constant quest to find a burrito on par with El Farolito. Anyone have any recommendations?!!
Absolutely amazing food!!! And cheap!!! My favorite would have to be the super quesadilla, but their tacos and burritos are also amazing options! The service is great and quick, and I would say it is arguably the best taqueria in the city.
So, the reviews raving about the quesadilla suiza? Yes, it tastes good in that oily, post-bar, very drunk sense of dining. However, in terms of having a satisfying mexican food experience this place lacks in a few places. The quesadilla suiza was good but where it lost points is that it had so much oil I had trouble finishing it off, also, whenever I bite into a piece of tendon any meat loses significant points. Their chips were not home made which is a quality I absolutely demand to give a 5 star rating. So is it worth checking out? Yes. Are there better places out there? Definitely.
No frills, no bullshit just good fucking mexican food. At one point I was getting carne asada super nachos on a near daily basis with a friend who was similarly obsessed and conveniently nearby. Prices are so right. And the aguas frescas are delicious.Although when the guy was ladling, the juice ran over his hand and back into the jar eughhww- DONT THINK ABOUT THAT!Just shut up and enjoy your food.
Some people, when drunk, experience the irrepressible urge to call up an ex-lover. When I get nicely sloshed, I begin to think I cannot go on living without an El Farolito burrito. The decision to drive out to 24th and Mission at 2 AM usually goes against my better judgement. But irrespective of the fact that I have to be up early the next morning, that I'm nowhere near the Mission to begin with, and that I enjoyed quite a satisfactory dinner before hitting the bar in the first place, I invariably find myself steering my car in the direction of El Farolito. Once the seed has been planted, all counterarguments become superfluous.The cheap, delectable Mexican fare within instantly banishes any lingering doubts and, before long, I'm enjoying the perfect burrito: exquisitely seasoned meat, fresh salsa and avocado, and the obligatory rice and beans all wrapped up in a tortilla that even tastes delicious (How do they do that?! I probably don't want to know.)It's enormous, so I usually end up saving some for the next night, when my El Farolito craving will undoubtedly strike again.I'm not generally a fan of superlative praise, but El Farolito makes me feel a little crazy. So, here we go: BEST BURRITO IN SAN FRANCISCO!
Open till 3am, big burritos, excellent prices. I often go there late at night. The only thing I could complain about is that towards the weekends the lines get long and the place gets crowded. The food is really good and it is rare that there is no line. I like to call this place, "The home of the five dollar burrito"
Ate a late night burrito after a night out, and the lines were long, but the service was quick, there is somewhere to sit and enjoy your delicious food. Then every time we were out in the city we had to end up at El Farolito!Its so delicious nachos, chicken burrito-my fave, and quesadillas all good and cheap too! Everyone I brought over to eat here loved it too.
i've been frequenting this place since 1990.....and can't say enough good things,,,,even the long lines late night go fast.....el quesadilla suiza con camjarones,......tres aguas frescas and the horchata.....aaaayyyyeeeee.....even the one on 24th st., depending where i'm walking from.....Late night....great food.....and to go.....survey says......ALL THE TIME......
Dude... They need to rename this place EL FARTolito. No matter how much mexican food jacks my stomach up, I always come back for more. This establishment has been my favorite Mexican joint since the 80's. Grew up in the mission and never saw this place empty. The chicken soft taco's are off the hook, the burritto's are ginormous, and the service is usually pretty fast. The only thing that gets to me about this place is the powdery tasting horchata. Other than that, this place is amazing and if it ever closes down, I might as well just shoot myself in the head... no really.
4 stars, possibly more if you're coming here after a night of debauchery. must get the carne asada suiza! it's a mixture of meat, guacamole and house sauce that hits the spot no matter what.
I ordered a super carne asada burrito. The meat was phenomenal, but the rest of the burrito lacked salsa and guacamole. The burrito was still pretty good, but i had such high expectations given the overall yelp rating, that maybe i expected too much. I have several other taquerias in the bay area that i would go to over El Farolito, given the choice, but if i am hungry and in the area, i wouldn't hesitate to go there again.
I will not go to another mexican joint - this is the place. Greasy, mexicanny, ole son, this place speaks for itself. All the food is good.Must try- Beef tongueDamn good, fresh ingredients, flavorful and the price is right.Don't take my word for it, instead try it and you'll see just how good it can be. Several of locations to get you mexican fix. Ole!
I'm lazy, I'm sleep deprived, I'm dying cus i don't know how to turn the heater on in my house and this is still in my incomplete review section so GET THE SUPER BEEF QUESADILLA. IT'S THE SHIT.
This place is the best! They have really good food for really good prices..
Me gusta mucho! Affordable, quick, easy, no thrills, no one is rude (this is important). Great place, wonderful nachos and the like!
This is my very first Yelp review. Understandably, this place has gotten lots of well-deserved good reviews. We went there to pick up 5 burritos for a picnic on a beautiful day in SF. I ordered the grilled chicken with "no" cilantro and the black bean option (as opposed to refried beans or lentils). Finally a burrito that I could enjoy, being one of the 10% of the population that cannot tolerate cilantro. Usually I must settle for Chevys to avoid cilantro so this is a big, big break for me. What was most impressive was the distinct flavors - enough of each item so that you could actually taste them. I had the grilled chicken super burrito - so big that I am having the other half for lunch this afternoon here at my office. So good that I will definitely dream about them like one of the other reviewers. I recommend this place anytime you are really hungry for something big. This will not disappoint.
UPDATE:Their camarones burrito is absolutely amazing! I have never had so much shrimp stuffed into a burrito. I would recommend it with refried beans :) *****Nothing I enjoy more than eating here late night and listening to a restaurant-wide rendition of "El Rey." It did take while to convert me from my favorite joint down the street, but after La Taqueria jacked up their prices ($1 for no beans, $1 for avocado....WHA?) I've started frequenting this place more. Nothing pacifies the drunk munchies like a quesadilla suiza. I've had the burritos, tacos, regular quesadillas, nachos....yum! Love the self-servce salsa bar, too. The prices can't be beat for the amount of food they give you.
Three words: Super Quesadilla Suiza!5 Big Red Ones
I've been coming here for at least the last 12 years. This is hands down the best taqueria in San Francisco. Their other Mission location is great too, but the original is still king. Highly recommend Carne Asada Burrito or Quesadilla Sauza. Unlike most places, the quality hasn't changed a bit over the years, only the prices.
Is this area supposed to be much more dangerous area compared to the other El Farolito? Cause there were like a security and 3 cops just hanging out by the door. Well, the security was on his job. And you see like a million taxis outside, positive that the next drunks will hop in after a fulfilling late night meal (some of those drunks being us). The place is like super gated up and super small and cramped compared to the other one. But the food did not disappoint. I had some kind of carnitas taco that seemed to be simple enough, but it was effin amazing. Place is packed even on a Wednesday night at 2:30am.
i want to cry...fri night..i had a burrito (i am not a big burrito fan) at el farrolito...and WOW that was off the HOOK! every farrolito i have gone to has some really good burritos...today i was CRAVING a burrito so i went to el faro (not to be confused with farrolito two seperate places) by my job and it was NOT what i was expecting! this teaches me a lesson...once you have had the best you can only expect the BEST! farrolito, i love you!
El Farolito is fucking dirty, and not in a good way.It is like, health-department-should-shut-you-down dirty.I think the tacos and burritos here taste roughly the same as any other taqueria in the mission, but this place is always disgustingly packed with dropouts and bums (as we were eating a bum walked in and literally tried to sell me meat he stole from safeway) who shed their filth everywhere.It IS marginally cheaper than its competitors, but blech, not worth it. They also play really annoying music really loudly.Cancun is better, and much cleaner.
El Farolito has great food. It is one of my favorite places for a burrito or super quesadilla in the mission. Even their tortilla chips are better than most. It is very reasonably priced and right next to the BART station. While the food is super-tasty the atmosphere can be hectic. Don't go here on a Friday or Saturday night expecting to find a chill place to sit and eat. After 9pm the line is out the door, the place is packed and will stay that way until closing.
Their Tortas are awesome (I was also drunk), hence they're open late!!! A little disappointed with their burritos bc they just slap on the Guac and sour cream in the middle without spreading it throughout the burrito.
Run for farolito, then run for the tums and toilet.Sober the burritos are just average. As drunk, the best burrito I have ever had. Enjoy. Bring some T.P. You'll need it. 3 stars for the Spanish MTV playing.
Best burritos ever, hands down!!! and the staff is incredibly helpful & friendly.
I understand why this place is crowded. Just like I understand why women lust after Brad Pitt (I'm assuming they still do). But just like a hot unattainable crush, taqueria selection is personal.So for me, Farolito was good, not great. I still prefer Pancho Villa - I just think the veggie items there have more flavor, rather than being a token item on the menu. I'm definitely glad I went bc it's stupid to live within walking distance and not try it! I don't want to be the person who is asked "hey I heard that place is good - what do you think?" and responds with "dunno, keep walking by but never tried it". Don't be lame!
I give a 4 star because this place is awesome at 2 (or 3 am) in the morning after boozing hours. Love it. It's a dive but the food is excellent and fast! The wait was worth it, the place is small and dingy but who's kidding, I wasn't there to comment on its interior decoration.I give it minus 1 star because the name is so hard to remember, if you're targeting drunk folks, better have a simple, one letter name. I was going to yelp it as soon as I was home at 4 am but I was so drunk trying to remember el fa....something something was quite hard. I recommend the quesadilla sueza, it is soooo good, granted my tastebuds are demented after too much tequilla but seriously, best quesadilla you can find at 2 am in the morning. Cheesy and the chicken is cut just right, not dry. You bet it was greasy but who cares!
this place is awesome. when i went the only thing that sucked was me not being more hungry. first off, it's very cheap and it's really damn delicious. there is no real point of trying to say something that hasn't been said yet. only that if you never been and like mexican food, you need to go.
I dare to say this is the BEST burrito and taco for me. Price is very reasonable and food quality is not compensated . Most of all, the food is great. Love their salsa that comes with the chips. This is a must go for your breakfast/lunch/dinner/supper, even for snacks. Expect to stand in line but it's worth it.
I don't know if I've ever had El Farolito sober, or if I would allow myself to if I was, but DAMN IT IS TASTY. I always get the nachos, because they are such a gluttonous mound of OVERLY CHEESY goodness. And cheaper than anywhere I've been in town.Beware of crackheads, unflattering lighting, the color yellow, and a layer of grease on all surfaces. If that painting of roasting meat on the wall disappears, you'll know who has stolen it. (ME).
Grain of salt: I've never been here when I wasn't drunk or it wasn't 3:30am.That being said, dear jeebus of all that's holy their shrimp quesedillas are like manna from heaven!Don't worry, the line moves at a good clip.
Screw freezing your ass off at Baghdad, this is the place to eat after a night of drinking. The burritos are well made, they have mexican coke, and don't forget to top it off with the creamy avocado salsa. Make sure and try the quesadilla. mmm, nice and melty the way Mango likes it.Ahhh. hits the spot.
dude..what happen to my burrito?...where is the meat?...what the holy cow?...all the positive raving reviews...and i get the worst excuse for a burrito i have ever experienced...4/5th rice...and 1/5th meat?...i read about it being the "best burrito"..."full of meat"...where the virgin mary was the meat in my burrito?...i mean..it was enormous...but..i only saw sprinkle of meat and ALL RICE~!~!!....*shaking head in disappointment*...i'm a no frills kinda guy when it comes to burritos...forget the beans...forget the sour cream..forget the avacado..forget the rice...i want MEAT~!...okay okay..i'm korean..i'll take a bit of rice...but holy batman...not the entire rice cooker....i like to have some meat in my burrito....it was such a traumatic burrito eating experience..i was thinking.."oh..the meat must be at the bottom of the burrito"...i'll just continue eating..*munch munch munch*...nothing..rice after rice after rice....urgh..holy mr. jose...this burrito has no meat...curiously..i check out friend's burritos...all juicy..dripping and messy....avacado..cheese...grease...rice...beans...a sloppy mess of a burrito..they say how good it is....and i'm thinking...it's all filling..where the meat be at?...ah...no way jose...this joint is definitely not to my liking
this place walks the fine line of tasting good when you're shit faced drunk and when you're sober. my fav is definitely the shrimp quesadillas and the carne asada tortas
Super quesadilla suiza with carne asada. Hold the onion and give me some of those beautiful chips and salsa. I'll try the cow brain _next_ time.This place is awesome for a late night meal, with or without the booze beforehand. Expect the line to be long and filled with some degenerates, but for the most part they're all harmless.One star away just because the line is hella annoying when I just want to hurry up, eat, and pass out so I can feel like sh*t in the morning.
I've been hearing a lot of debate over whether El Farolito's or Taqueria Cancun has the best burrito in the Mission. I am a firm proponent of El Farolito's and the constantly long line going out the door should also help to confirm which is the superior place. I wish I knew how they did it but somehow their burrito is just the best. Maybe it's the cheese, salsa or the quality of their meats...I don't know. But it is rather blissful biting into their burrito. The super suiza quesadilla is also pretty amazing. It's basically a burrito but grilled and without rice. I'll give taqueria cancun another shot but I do believe El Farolito's has them beat.
ah the mission - culture, culture, culture. This place is good. Priced right Mexican food. Only drawback is the wait. Peak dinner times can take up to 25-30 minutes for food to be ready. And there are lines...Carne Super Burrito with black beans, sans sour cream - the best.
Quesadilla Suizas are wonderful, but I can't fully enjoy them because of THAT GODDAMN MEXIPOLKA MUSIC BLARING ON THE JUKEBOX WITH THE BLOWNOUT SPEAKERS!!!!!
I really don't know what all the rage is about!?! Every time I've been here I've left with a stomachache and end up regretting the whole experience. I've been back a few times thinking that I just had one or two bad experiences, however my final conclusion is that El Farolito (on 24th and Mission) is just plain bad. Really its only redeeming quality is that it is still open when all the near by bars have thrown everyone out at 2am. The two stars are purely for the entertainment provided by the post-2am crowd that gathers in/outside El Farolito...(keep in mind you don't look your best droopy eyed, leaned to one side and your face stuffed in a super burrito...mental note for next time)On a side note: In relating my disappointment to a friend, she recommended I try the El Farolito on 24th and Harrison. Conclusion: much better quality food, no stomachache, and a good time had by all. The only negative is that it closes at 2am, so if you make it there before last call, you're in good shape.
As a kid who grew-up in SoCal, I have found it hard to find the casual, quick-and-dirty (dirty in a figurative sense, that is) Mexican joint. Since I arrived in San Francisco as a wide-eyed "freshman" in this fair city over 8 years ago, Farolito was there for me. Farolito was there for me at 3AM for a Super Quesedilla Suiza. Farolito was there for me when I just wanted some pork, cheese and beans lumped into a big fat burrito. If you can get past the guy my friends dubbed, " the burrito nazi" (TBN), you'll be aight.Seriously, TBN is usually working this place between the hours of midnight and 3AM, and has this look of utter disdain while you place your food order in English (yeah, try to mix-in a little Spanish, it's totally cool, ya know!). TBN will unleash the wrath of everything unholy hiding under his thick-a** mustache if you do not order your torta in under 7 seconds. Hence the name, "TBN", and the reason why I dig El Farolito. Right on!
This place is not really the best taqueria. I'm not sure why it is so popular, other than the fact that it stays open really late and it is next to the BART station and the bus stop. I think the fact that they are grilling meat right in the front window bothers me a bit (I am vegetarian). It's okay, just not the best. The tacos are so-so, the burritos are average for the Mission, and the tortas are actually the best thing I've had... lots of fresh avocado.  If there is a line, I suggest going to the opposite corner of the intersection and trying Taqueria San Jose instead.
My biggest regret is that I went through 3.5 years of city living before I found Farolito. That's right, I used to think El Balazo was tops. EGAD!The grilled chicken superburrito is infinitely superior to any other burrito in the universe. Those long lines out the door when the rest of the street is abandoned don't come about by accident. Filthy seating, but you won't care after the first bite. This is one of those places that makes SF so darn special.Also I find the Mission location has better food than the 24th St. location, but maybe I just prefer extra street grime in my tortilla.
Best Taqueria in SF PERIOD!
hands down one of my favorite taquerias in san francisco.all i have to say is quesadilla super suiza.experience it.
I have been here a million times but today I brought my mom for the first time. She fell in love with the food. Who wouldn't? El Farolito never lets me down. When I am 90 years old I will still be coming here. Te amo El Farolito!
We waited almost 1 hour to get into this place really late (after all the clubbing and going out) and I would definitely go back. I was surprised by how delicious everything was. The carne asada was YUM! And suuuizas even better. Ok, this was my first time having suizas, but deliciously greasy good food. If you're up for some cheeeeesey, greeeasy burritos you have to try this place out.
If aliens ever came to earth and asked for one reason why they should let us live, I suggest we don't say a word, Let's just hand them a Quesadilla Suiza and let El Farolito do the talking. After they taste one of these earthly delights, they'd nod knowingly and leave, because there's no way they'd blow up a planet that could make something that delicious. Seriously, this place is so kickass one night I dreamt about their burritos and when I woke up my sheets were soaked with refried beans. It's that awesome.
Super Suiza (Carne Asada) is my standard issue... it's the best I tell you. I make plenty of visits here (almost always late-night, haha) 'cause a couple of my friends live a few steps away. Destiny? Lucky? Great taqueria food, bang-for-the-buck... if you go here, you absolutely can't miss. "Farolito! To The Wall! To the..."
mmmm.... my favorite burrito joint in the hood/world.Super cheap, super delicious. LARGE burriotos and open late night (usually with a line out the door.)This place is a real treat.
El Farolito has the best Mexican food I've ever had in San Francisco. I usually get the Carne Asada super burrito and it tastes so good. The meat is cooked perfectly and the burrito as a whole is moist and flavorful.Don't get the regular burrito because it doesn't come with guacamole or sour cream. Get the super burrito, it's only about $1 more and you get A LOT more.
this place is still the suck. don't understand why people like it. ever try taquaria can cun for amazing dive mexican?
Any one who rates this under 3 stars is a total r-tard.... This is one of the best places for a good quick late night burrito. A good quick anytime burrito. I took a star away because of their "tortilla chips." WHAT THE HELL, GO BUY SOME REAL TORTILLA CHIPS!Other than that. I love burrito comas!
This is the real deal: Open Late, Great Prices, Tasty Food. The Super Quesadilla is enough for two people and has tons of perfect cheese throughout, fresh avocado slices, sour cream, and choice of meat (carnitas). The tacos are also good, however the carnitas weren't crispy (most likely since there was a huge line out the door and it was 2am)...
I'm not even a steak burrito guy (usually chicken) but the carne asada super at this place is my new favorite! Best burrito ever. The meat is cut up and not chewy at all. Great flavor!
This place is good and fast service, there's always a line but totally worth the wait.
The best super nachos you will ever have at 2pm or 2am, and i have had them ALL.btw, if you order your nachos to go you get about one third to one half more because they just have too much pride to not fill up that square to go container to the brim. also, it's not like you could possibly finish an entire plate in one sitting. make sure to smother your take home nachos with salsa. when you nuke them the next day, turn the container upside down in the microwave and cook them for three minutes, the steam will turn the chips into a perfect enchilada like corn tortilla blanket over the yummiest mexican stew like stuff. i think i like the leftovers even more than the original. -- maybe.
Oh my. This may be one of the few 5 stars I have ever given. The Carne Asada Burrito was to die for. The staff was really nice and food rocked. My only comment is that I need bigger cups for the salsa bar. Rock on - I have found Burrito nirvana. Thank you and can you please put one in Nob Hill area?
There are plenty of taquerias in the Mission, but this one is my favorite. Cheap, authentic, delicious, always open. Gracias El Farolito.
Drunk.Click heals three times and repeat after me, "There's no place like Farolito, there's no place like Farolito, there's no place like Farolito"Poof! You're in line at Farolito and you're not the only one drunk. Amen.Order the super chicken, super steak or any super burrito. Share it. Say a prayer to thank the burrito God's that such a place exists and is open late late late. . .nosh down and eat your burrito. Look at this burrito as one less Advil to take in the morning. Really. If you don't live in the area, the cab fare here is well worth it. . .and, the burrito's are really really tasty (I have had one sober for the record!). Now go to the gym!
its pretty much up there with altena. it's my 2nd go to place for burritos.
Eggs's review is hilarious but I can't dock any stars for the stinky drunkards lingering behind me in line or the flat-brimmed baseball hatted teenagers tryin' a holla (kid, I am a cougar compared to you!). I am lactose intolerant, but I ate one of their quesadillas about a month ago because they looked THAT GOOD, and damn it if it wasn't the best quesadilla I've ever had. Excellent shrimp preparation too and nice chunks of ripe avocado in the burritos. I also want to point out that this is also the perfect post-Dia de los Muertos location.
Or. Gahs. Mick.The Gospel according to Tyler...This, place rocks. First things first, the 81 health score only lends to it's legitimacy as far as I'm concerned. If you score over a 90 and you're a taqueria, you're not a good taqueria. Period.A long time ago, God delivered unto us his only son, who was forsaken by man. God was considerably angry about this. The news was somewhat lost in translation, Instead of hearing People did this, he heard pigs did this. Therefore he made Pork. and that gift still lives today.In Spanish this pork was called Carnitas and in El Farolito It's made perfectly -- You can still taste the smite! Go forth and eat a Carnitas burrito -- they put in some sour cream, don't be scared -- it adds alot to the meal.Chips aren't good and cost extra(!) but this monster burrito at the price (5 bucks) is unbeatable! Double Meat is often worth the investment.
Upate: 1/26/07 had the Torta with carne asada, and have to say it was terrific. The bread was perfectly grilled, the carne asada was tastey and had a slightly grilled taste, there was generous fillets of Avocado with a slight slather of refried beans, lettuce and tomatoe were there too. The top piece of bread was stuffed with sliced jalapeno's-- those guys knew , guessed I like hot food !!! timid people should scoop out the jalapenos. All in All, It was Big enough for a Woman, but enjoyed by this man; two hands could handle only half the Sando. I wish that I had washed it down with a Negra Modelo. My tummy tiger was spent.five stars for their delicious chicken Quesadilla (you must specify steamed chicken)  and you will get a wonderful , large flour tortilla stuffed with steamed chicken, cheese and salsa. They have a variety of different salsas to try. Yummy. The burritos are good too. No ambiance here, but a quick service dive. I make the trek out here on lunch hour and its a 20 minute muni ride from the montgomery train station. Exit Bart at 24th, walk to Alabama. There are two El Farolitos' (one of them is at the intersection of Mission/24th-- I have not been here)  The one I Recommend is 8 minute walk from the 24th st. Bart exit. Located at 24th and Alabama. Write that down. Hey, while you devour the massive steamed chicken quesadilla, right across the street kitty corner is La Victoria Panaderia. Good stuff too.
I am DEATHLY afraid of pigeons. As is such, when my hunger for ROCKIN' burritos overrides my phobia of pigeons (who apparently have made the 24th and Mission BART stop their pecking headquarters), I head to El Farolito for good eats.  The Super Burrito is packed with tasty goodness and with fresh avocado. Fresh avocado sure beats the green gobby mush that other taquerias try to pass off as guacamole or avocado. The burritos here are fresh, delicious and filling. One burrito is usually 2 meals. If you've got extra dough, go for the shrimp and meat burrito. It's close to $10, but it's $10 well spent. Eating El Farolito means I end up sporting a muumuu the rest of the day because my elastic sweatpants no longer fit... but it's SO worth it. Enjoy and make sure to wash it all down with a strawberry or pineapple aguas fresca!
Another dope late nite spot to eat after clubs, however the area is a bit shady late at nite... Excellent HUGE Burrito's though! Last time I was there with some friends after riding motorcycles all day, someone got shot across the street.Danger & Burritos.....I'll just take the burrito!
i am so sad i left the other half of my quesadilla at my home home because now i am 80 miles away from any amazing tasting burritos and quesadilla joints. This place is the place to go when you have that late night craving and your not sure what exactly you are craving. Once you step foot into this joint you'll know what you want and you'll get it and you'll be savoring every last bite of it.it does get a little crowded at night, but it is well worht the wait. the avocados are uber fresh and you can taste everything about them!i miss them already!
OK, I eat A LOT, especially when I have been drinking heavily.We ended up at some Warehouse party in the Mission and once again were starving! We hiked what we thought would only be a couple blocks to MECCA. I have never had the honor to indulge in and El Farolito burrito. We got the El Pastor burrito, OMG!!!!!!!!! It was the best thing since the orgasm. I"m Mexican and have had the luxury of having the best homemade food Via my Tia. So, sorry Tia, this shit blows you out of the water. Can I eat it morning, noon, and night? God knows I'll try.
This place has seen better days, but is still a good place to chow down. What would earn it one more star is if they kept the same cooks. There's always a revolving door and a new cook every week.Bascially overall the burritos are good as well as the quesadillas.  Easy a popular choice in the Mission during a late night grub. There is a possibility to wait a while in line to place your order and afterwards when yer waiting for your food.  Parking is hard noon to 9 p.m, but easy during late night.
Best. Burrito. Ever. My boyfriend and I hit this place up on a weekend trip to San Francisco. Naturally, we had to have Mission burritos and this place was recommended to us by a friend. Let me tell you, it does not disappoint! The tortillas are incredible and the fillings equally amazing -- I had a super burrito with carnitas and boyfriend had a super burrito with tongue. We couldn't stop talking about how good it was and ended up eating the whole thing, which is quite the task considering the size (like a fetus) of the portion. We were there around midnight on a Friday and there were lots of people who had been drinking that were trying to get their burrito on so if that sort of thing bothers you, coming around lunch time might be your best bet. We were there fresh off the plane and hadn't been drinking, so it was just one of those things you can't help but comment on. We can't wait to go back!
Carne asada super burrito.... mmmmm... so good!
As delelectable as the thousand other reviews say.
Best Carne Asada Burritos, Hands down. Lose a star for the most disgusting bathroom I have ever been into though.
Mm.....food. Goey, salty, cheesy, spicy, food wrapped up in a tortilla. Damn...no drunk was ever so happy as I was last night. Friends, Family AND a Quesadilla Suiza!! Heaven...
Yelp comes through for us again! We were in this area around lunch time and did a quick search and El Farolito came up.  No way would we have noticed this place otherwise as its pretty non-descript from the street. Food was really excellent! Very generous portions, too!  It was quite busy (for now obvious reasons) but the staff was very friendly.  Awesome!
It's a taqueria, how much can you expect? I just didn't feel that the ingredients were freshly cut and the chicken was dry and not flavorful. The horchata was great. I will return, however. There's nothing like a taqueria at 2 AM. Who needs pizza when you live in the Mission.
my stomach is still bulging from the lunchtime super burrito (carnitas).no -- you don't have to be drunk to enjoy this place, just hungry.  it's been a long time since my now-nyc ass has had such a delight. but it hit the spot. in fact, it pushed the spot to its widest dimensions.
There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said a hundred times. This place is still the best.
I heart this place. I know it's been said over and over... but their super quesadillas are THE best thing I've ever tasted under $6. They open late and are always busy, but they have really quick service. Enough said. Go check it out for yourself, and please leave those hard working guys a tip because they surely deserve it.
This is the best Mexi spot in the city! I have trekked across town just to come here on numerous occassions and it's well worth it. They have huge portions, great prices, friendly staff and the place is always packed no matter what time it is. It's a little shady outside (and inside for that matter) but it's not a place you come to for the ambiance...
Best carne asada burrito that I've had in the Mission yet. I'm on the search for the perfect burrito, and this may be it. I don't get the super burrito because I don't like all the cheese, sour cream and avocado, and I don't want to pay an extra $1! At $4.20 after tax for a burrito (~ 2 meals for me), this is well worth it!
I've never been disappointed when coming here to get a burrito. My husband also loves the tortas but suggests you eat it there cause the bread gets all funky during traveling....unless of course you eat it in the car I guess....not such a good idea though since it can get messy. Every time we go, it's like 2am in the morning....the line is at least 20 people back....but it's worth it to me! and you can't go wrong with the portions or the price.
This place is numero uno in my book. Their nacho plate with carne asada is freakin tasty. It's only a few stops away on BART from where I work so lunch here is a must. Lines can be long but it's worth the wait.
this place is THE BOMB. good prices for HUGE portions. i love their super nacho! most places never give you enough meat and ingredient and just load the plate with chips. not here! i've never been able to finish the super nacho from this place, but when i'm done, there's still a good amount of meat and toppings left on the plate! their burritos are also fantastic, loaded with ingredient and very big as well. i've never tried their tacos, but my brother liked it. sometimes a random guy with a guitar would come in and perform. not always the greatest performances, but hey! it makes the atmosphere that much more enjoyable! the staff there are also very helpful and they even deliver the food to your table! there's a quickly a block down, so if you're like me... you'd go grab a drink from there then come to el farolito for a bomb ass nacho! :)parking usually isn't a problem, the furtherest i've had to park was 4 blocks away, not TOO bad.
i was going to save this one for my 200th review here in the AWESOME land of YELP, but here you go!el fartoloto? more like el fartolittle.WEAKSAUCE!!!TOTALLY UNAWESOME!!!
Solid food if you can stand all the disadvantages to eating here, such as the wait and their low-ass score from the City. It's good eats for $5 though.
Perfect place to grab some good food after leaving the club. Its a "hole in the wall" but the burritos are really good. In fact, I've left a club for a burrito (in order to beat that 3am closing) and then went back to the same club. I've also gone during the day and drove half-way across the city to get there.The only reasons not to go there is the drive from downtown OR you're scared of the mission.The good:1) Open till 3am (at least on Fri/Sat)2) Burritos are good (my friends like the quesadillas)3) Food is pretty cheap and you will be fullThe bad:1) The wait in line late night (10 mins to order and 10 to get your food)2) Its kind of far from downtown (20 blocks or so)I've gone out and had nights that were wack, but I can always count on Farolitos to be the one highlight of the night...if nothing else was. Sometimes I'm thinking about Farolitos hours before I know we're gonna leave the club.
I grew up about four blocks from this place. Thus, it has been my go-to burrito joint for as long as I can remember. No teriyaki tofu fusion, no overpriced frozen "fresh" flavor, and no pretense. This is exactly what a burrito should be. Bring cash and a big-ass appetite, for you are about to be schooled in the Way of the Burrito. Simple and good.
mmmm tasty tasty! Their burritos are super! Especially after a night of drinking and more drinking. The line can get long, but it's worth the wait. And you'll probably make some friends in the meantime. They're open till late too.. maybe 3 or 4am? They don't serve their breakfast burrito all day/night though.. bummer.
This is my absolute favorite taqueria. They have awesome tacos, tostadas, and burritos. There's almost always a line out the door when I come here, but it moves fast. Even though the atmosphere contains tacky paintings and overly loud jukebox music, I still like to eat my food there. To top it all off, they are open super late which is great for getting dinner after clubbing.
Open late! Cheap! Super Burrito! The jukebox has all the greats: Vincente Fernandez, Chuy Chavez, etc.Clearly, the best on the menu is the Super Burrito. It's superb (see what I did there?).Check the BART or Muni schedule. If you have six minutes and a growling stomach, El Farolito will give you your fix. I don't just give Five stars to any Burrito shop. Only El Farolito.no una estrellano dos estrellasno tres estrellasno cuatro estrellascinco estrellas!
Drunken munchies anyone? or not?? This place is scrumptious and affordable, plus they're open till 3am Sunday-Thursday and then 4am Friday and Sunday. I got the Carne Asada Super burrito, and boy was it super. The burrito would have been great on it's own, but they offer several salsas for which you can accompany your burrito. I was using this green salsa, not sure what it's called, but it was magical :) A friend of mine got the Carne Asada nachos which is around the same price as the burrito. Those nachos were big enough to feed three people! Oh my, so good. I saved half of my burrito so I can savor it when I was sober, and it was just as good. The place is really small though and the line was ridiculously long, but looks are deceiving I guess because we waited in line for 5 minutes, got a table for 4, and received our food 5 minutes later. Speedy service I'd say. I think I should mention how spacious and surprisingly clean the bathrooms were. I was actually grateful for the urinal for the dudes, because I swear dudes have the worse aim when it comes to peeing in a toilet....Anyways, to sum it up, great food, great prices, good service, great hours, and a nice bathroom. Overall a great experience!
Saw a guy get stabbed in here once. Still got my deliciously addictive carnitas but I did change my order to "to go". What? I had already ordered and I really felt the guy had it coming.Look, it was a pinche flesh wound - 7 maybe 10 (if he was a baby) stitches, tops. It's not like it was going to help him if I DIDN'T eat the carnitas. Faro kept making my order, isn't that worse?I'm going straight to hell, aren't I?
Best bang for your buck in the mission. For a little over $5 you get a very large burrito. The chicken quesadilla is particularly good. If you go for burrito get the super carne asada. Open late but beware the long lines of drunks after 1am, it might be 30 minutes to you get fed if the line is out the door.
Yum Yum Yum....go for the Super Shrimp Burrito! Cheap eats that are made fresh and fill you up!
Pretty damn good job here, boys. You serve 'em up fresh, just like we like 'em. Despite the ever-present line and the apparent lack of seating anywhere close by, its surprisingly easy to get a table. The place seems seedy and unsanitary, which is kinda a drag, until you realize that this is Mexican food, not Mexico, and that health inspectors are probs doing an OK job. What else.... They're always chopping up meat, which looks pretty good, but I don't really go in for that so much.  My main attraction is the tortilla. Its super good and kinda crispy on the outside. Chips suck. Sorry, but they do.This place is tons better than the one down on 24th. Though, for my money, instead of going here, I'd probably head on down to La Corneta and grab some tacos or a split a veggie burrito (cause they ARE HUGE!!!!) Oh shit, I forgot to say why this place is the best. Cause its open late. Its like the only place in this sleepy ole town up past 1. Which is awesome.
Great burrito indeed, but, man, the way this place was sold to me, I thought it would be a hell of a lot better. Maybe it's because I'm a Chicagoan, and these places are a dime a dozen in my area. However, the super and 2 beers for under $11? That's great. The area's a bit sketchy, but not awful.
There are very few, if any, now that I consider it, food-centric establishments I enjoy both drunk and sober. El Farolito is (possibly the only) one. Tortas, burritos involving beautifully ripe avocado, carne asada tacos, I have never gone wrong here. Super quick service, 50 cent chips and avocado spicy salsa.... SO DELICIOUS.  Horchata is above average, I really like it...
i would not recommend anyone eat here if they have the following:high blood pressurehigh cholesteroland a need for cleanliness i had the al pastor and carnitas tacos and the meat was piled mile high. my GF has the super suiza quesadilla w/ carne asada and it was amazingly delicious; couldn't even finish it! i hope ppl don't mind getting down and dirty here.  juices oozed everywhere from my tacos and chunks of meat fell out of the quesadilla because it's so massive.el farolito is a great mexican joint and i would come here again for their food and salsa. however, my cardiologist wouldn't recommend it too often. =)
Look. I like being a grump. I like pretending that I am cooler or more informed than your average joe. It's fun. That sense of superiority really, really hits the spot. Looking down on people can be incredibly rewarding! Come on! You know it's true!Here's the deal though. I have never had an El Farolito burrito or taco, drunk or sober, and not loved the experience. And I love Mexican food--in fact I would say that I am an informed consumer of Mexican food.  At Farolito, the meat is always full of flavor, the rice/guac/salsa/etc is just wonderful...So, I know that a lot of people like to take the piss out of El Farolito. But don't believe the negative hype. It is one of the classics of the Mission burrito scene. And the fact that it is open late makes it even better. Go here. Eat a carinitas or carne asada burrito. Go when you are sober. Definitely go drunk. You will thank yourself...well, you might hate yourself afterwards, but it is still worth it.
late night drunken solo eats
Holy Moses, The rumors are true. New York really does have shitty burritos. How can I tell? i just had the best burrito of my life at Farolito.I think it weighed eight pounds.Welcome to the neighborhood, i may just stay a while.. or at least until I digest.
Without a doubt, this is the best taqueria in the Mission, despite what popular opinion might have to say. It is a drunken destination on most late nights, but that's half the fun.
El Farolito is like your favourite booty-call: you couldn't have it all the time but late at night, after a few drinks, when the need arises for something hot, tasty, filling, reliable, with questionable hygiene, you know who to call.
OMFG! The food is spectacular and extremely reasonably priced. The staff was warm and welcoming in spite of the line of people (and this was in the middle of the afternoon). I ordered super nachos and a super burrito, which would have been enough for two meals at any other Mexican restaurant, but here I have enough for four! Thanks to all the other reviewers from Yelp for their recommendations.
There are burrito FREAKS in the city. You know who you are. Me, I wouldn't really even put burritos high up on my "comfort food" list. However, when the jones does arise, nothing really handles my fix quite like El Farolito does. Is it the location? Maybe. I just love the Mission, and as racist as this may be construed, I honestly feel I'm doing someone some sort of disservice if I grab a burrito from Gordos on 9th, rather than making the short hop out to the Mission(Yeah, I live in the Sunset). Could it be that, in the mid nineties, when I visited some friends who moved to SF, they brought my "burrito-virgined" ignorant Hawaiian ass to El Farolito for my first taste of the Mission? Could it be that my great friend Jesse N, SF born and raised, protector of all things "Old School San Franciscan", re-introduced me to this flour-wrapped ambrosia when I relocated here in 2000? Could it be that after my first night of drunken debauchery as a San Francisco resident I ended up at this wonderfully charismatic hole in the wall, laughing at the the guys cat-calling the horrific transsexuals who seemed to be more interested in soliciting booty than enjoying a big fat wrapped log of heaven? Could it be that as chaotic as this place can be, the food is always consistent? All yes, yes, yes, yes, YES!!! Carne asada, no sour cream, no cheese, with rice, black beans, avocados, salsa, and hot sauce. One cebollitas please.  ...and for these occasions.... no better quote than from Mr Def Jam himself, Russell Simmons....."Thank you for coming out, God bless you, good night!"
came here right after the 3rd anniversary of mortified a little after 10, its right next to the bart station off 24th and mission so the outside smelled a bit sketch, but once you stepped into this little taqueria, it was delicious smells of meat. not much of a line when we first arrived, but after we took our orders and sat down there was a line outside the door.this place is a bit narrow so there isn't a lot of room to sit, but we managed to seat the 5 of us at one of their bench/tables in front of their counter. got the food and it was pretty good, definitely hit the spot after some great laughs. we had:alpastor super burrito - how can you go wrong with a super burrito? avocado, sour cream, cheese, rice, and delicious al pastor, all bundled up as heavy brick in a tortilla! this doubles as a meal or weapon for under $7. yums :)carne asada burrito - didn't try it but my friend seemed to enjoy it.super quesildia - also enjoyed by my friend.they had a lil' salsa bar but by the time i realized that i forgot to order chips (an extra 50 cents) and i wasn't going to stand in line to get it.
This place gets a 5 star from me due to two main benefactors. 1) it closes extremely late. and 2) this shit is the f****** bomb when I'm drunk. I'm sure it'll be delicious when I'm sober as well, but that day hasn't come yet.The meat was freshly grilled, the toppings were plentiful (avocado, sour cream, hot sauce, and hold the beans thanx) so yah. The burrito was mucho grande, excellente.
Burritos are dry and served grumpy. Or are they grumpy and served dry? No matter. Open late, so feed, my drunken sheep. Feed!I was giving this place its due Two Stars and realized that I had to give a Star for my favorite piece of art in all The Mission, Farolitos magnificent portrait, hued in gold, of their rotisserie cooker. Truly, Al Pastor has never been made to seem so heroic.
When you're living on the cheap, eating well may be a rarity. That's part of the beauty of El Farolito Taqueria. At an easily accessible location of Mission and 24th, you can eat well in both quality and quantity without thinning your wallet.The layout is very standard eatery affair: faux wood table and benches packed closely together, helping to staunch the already dense traffic of patrons in line to order. This isn't a fancy outing location, or even somewhere I would suggest for a first date (though there is always take out), but the food is excellent for an outing with friends or comfortable relationship.I should admit at this point that I have stayed loyal to a single plate in my outings to El Farolito and not experiment with their full menu, but given it's quality there has never been need to stray.The Carne Asada Super Burrito, with everything, never fails to please. This alone is more than a meal in itself, containing all four food groups (if you count the tomatoes in the salsa as a fruit.) The burrito is so large and filling I usually can only eat half, saving the second half for a later meal. A mouthful of delicious, and at only $5, is something any carnivore can be pleased about.Certainly in a city with as strong a food culture as San Francicso there will be others that claim there is a better burrito and a better taqueria. And they may be right. But for my money, El Farolito Taqueria is the best deal in town.
apparently i am on a mexican food reviewing kick. :P anyway, el farolito is a reliable late night post-clubbing spot. not that i go clubbing that often, but i think i've only eaten at el farolito in the wee hours of the night, and somehow it never fails to hits the spot. i've gotten the nachos and also a burrito before, this time i decided to go relatively light and order a single taco, with carnitas. the carnitas was slightly too salty but not bad. next time i may try another meat. and next time, i will definitely order *two* tacos. they have a salsa bar, always a plus.
El Farolito's carne asada super burrito is a forearm-sized bundle of everything you crave while drunk. Be warned, this delicacy can induce seismic readjustment in your intestines, but really there is no alternative after a good boozing.In other news, the green salsa is also amazing, though unfortunately you now have to purchase the mediocre tortilla chips. The tacos are typical for mission taquerias and the nachos a bit greasy... it's really about the super burrito here. Stop whining and eat it.
My favorite Taqueria. Avocado is a big deal breaker for me in my burrito, I love that they give you a good amount of fresh Avacado rather than soem mushy guacamole. They are one of the few places with reasonable prices. Love their steak meal and LOVE their fried green onions. Anyone that isnt up on fried green onions, holla at your girl! You don't know what your missing, I used to just cut up the green part till i realized the white part is super yummy too. Anyway love this place, classic, truly a classic.
El Farolito is everything a burrito from the Mission district should be. Really damn good, and really damn cheap. You can walk out the door with a huge burrito for about five bucks. I'm a huge carnitas fan but I hate when they put bolder sized chunks of meat in your burrito instead of shredding/pulling it apart as it should be. Well, not at El Farolito. The Carnitas are tender & delicious, not overly fatty, and shredded to perfection. The first time I was here I was looking for La Taqueria or La Corneta Taqueria but for some reason couldn't find either. El Farolito looked popular and had a decent line so we figured we'd give it a shot. Now cut to two weeks later, at 4 in the mornign, in north beach. Hopped a cab home and asked if he knew anywhere open to get a good burrito. Low and behold - we end up back at El Farolito. Four stars four their grubbin burritos, cheap prices, and long hours!
Best Carnitas burrito I have ever had. The meat was tender and plentiful. The beans were cooked but not over-cooked. The rice had a nice but not overpowering taste. The big chunks of avocado were a nice touch. The salsa could have used a little more cilantro but I am a cilantro freak. I also prefer my tortillas steamed as opposed to grilled. Fantastic bargain... for 5 bucks my burrito was full and now my belly is full.
Perfection needs no description.
had a carnitas taco and honestly, it was ALRIGHT. i had extremely high hopes but unfortunately i was pretty disappointed.
I hate saying things like "this is a san francisco institution" because, well, this IS a san francisco institution. Whenever someone visits, a trip to Farolito for their life altering quesadilla suiza or super burrito (sin crema), usually consumed with a nice cold beer at Mission Bar, is absolutely in order. When I first started coming to Farolito, I seriously ate here 4-5x a week. I turned a friend on to it, and soon he was taking out cash advances on his credit card in order to fund his farolito meals (cash only). Then of course, I burned out. I couldn't even look at the farolito sign anymore and swore it off for other taquerias. Of course, it drew me back in. I love you sweet, sweet little lighthouse.
Just tried Farolito again.Grilled "BBQ" chicken is the best meat choice here.I had a very tasty burrito here two nights ago. I also had a fight with my stomach that same night. Are the two associated, yeah pretty likely but it was convenient, cheap, and my taste buds liked it.
The food at this joint rocks. Seriously authentic Mission taqueria (maybe too authentic) serving up tasty burritos and tacos. Almost comically cheap prices too, with burritos at $3.80 each. Certainly, the "decor" leaves much to be desired, starting with the bleak building facade and sign, and the grafitti-tagged bathrooms are Mission-typical hideous. But if you can look past the setting, and don't mind being surrounded by young Mission punks with guitars and blue fingernails and a smattering of unsavory non-paying "clientele" shuffling about, then you will be in for a real taqueria treat.
The all-time best late-night Mexican place ever in the entire world. I even go there in the afternoon sometimes. The salsa is a little oniony and the home-made chips aren't really my style but alot of people love them. The seating is minimal, and why is there a painting of a meat thingy over there? These are my only complaints.Fresh carrot juice.Giant cheap burrito.A carne asada plate that makes me close my eyes and dream that I'm on a back porch in Riverside listening to my boyfriend's family saying things I can't understand in Spanish. (What I imagine Mexico to be like.)A Cold Corona with a wedge of lime and a dash of salt.Is there a more perfect meal to be found at 2 am??I seriously, seriously doubt it.
I've tried other places in the Mission when I first moved here 15 years ago, but I keep coming back to this one. Why?-Because the food is delicious, fresh, and well made. The staff is friendly also. The other places I've tried when I first moved here, weren't as good, staff was unfriendly, and had higher prices. This is the only taqueria I'll eat in the Mission. And you should too.
Forget all this "best burrito" nonsense! Arguing about that in the Mission is like arguing about the best looking woman in Estonia. They're all (for the most part) amazing, and let's just be happy about it. That said, I've got a question for you: Are you drunk? Is it late (post-2:00 AM)? Are you hungry?If you answered yes to these questions, get off your ass and go get a burrito. They're waitng for you.
the line at random times of the day should in and of itself let you know how good this place is. most things are good here, they aren't sheisty by any means with the avocado, which is awesome. i could go through all of the good things that i've consumed here, but let's just be realistic, check this place out, get whatever favorite mexican dish you like, and you will have a big smile on your face.for the amateur competitive eaters out there, last night 2 of our friends had a half-burrito-off, which the winner cleaned 1/2 a super burrito in 54 seconds. i know, it's not record breaking, but it's fun to watch.
Honestly, it doesn't get much better than this place for good Mexican food. It has tasty, great, cheap eats. It's open late. The burritos are frigging huge. It's right at 24th and Mission so the setting is ever changing.
It's not really that great, and it is because I am spoiled from living in San Diego. This place is being compared to some So Cal joints, and I vehemently disagree with that.
Super yum and super cheap.A guy selling totally random stuff in a shopping cart like:lollipops you got from the dentist when you were sevencaramel candy that pulls your teeth out if you bite into it and then try and pull them apart. ya. one regular sized bag of pink and white marshmallows. (?)could be a tad cleaner, but hey.Always busy and crowded, but then, if you walked into a joint w/tumbleweeds blowin around, ya might think twice before eating there.
I go here for the cabeza (beef head) and strawberry agua fresca. The meat is just so tender and delicious. And $1.25 for the agua fresca is awesome. Salsa is fresh and I always dig a taqueria that has those pickled jalapenos, onions and carrots. One of my go to places in the Mission for a good cabeza taco.
El Farolito is a fixture for reasonably-priced Mexican food on the run. You can also sit there but between the loud music, crowded lines hovering over front tables, and occasionally questionable cleanliness, I usually opt to take out. The burritos are delicious and more-than-ample; the horchata is refreshing; and the salsa stand brings your food to a higher level.All that being said, I've frequently been frustrated by the 10-minute wait-in-line, followed by another 10-15 minutes for my burrito, and the occasional misorder.By the way, if you're up after the bars close, this is a great way to absorb the additional hooch sitting in your gut. Just be prepared to wait with all of the other lushes.I would recommend this place for good food if you have the time and want to grab something to go.
Steak quesadilla with strawberry juice. Nothing better!
El Faro is SENSATIONAL. Thats the best word to describe it. The menu is very simple and that helps keep the line moving at 2 or 3 in the morning. I'm partial to the super shrimp quesadilla. Real avocado slices are a lost art.. F all that guacamole..break open a real avocado. The best compliment I can give to el faro is that I once went there to eat after a black tie affair. After hours of boring speeches and rubber chicken, i thought where can i get some good food at this hour? I didn't think twice about heading over there. My date wondered "wont we be a little overdressed for el farolito".. who the hell cares..Gimme that quesadilla. Line out the door.. 220am, her in her gown, me in a tuxedo and we didn't even spill anything on ourselves. Now thats classy, baby!!
I've only been here twice, and I got super nachos both times. Five bucks will get you a HUGE nacho plate, I'm a real big guy and I couldn't finish my nachos both times. They have self serve salsa which is a plus, I've seen places get real skimpy with the salsa. The dining area is really small and cramped, I didnt go in the bathroom but it doesnt look like a place you want to go .One thing that sucks is the fact they chargee $1.10 for CAN SODAS. That's a huge ripoff, but whatever. I'll be back... Just make sure to buy your beverage elsewhere (theres tons of liquor stores and markets on the same block).
Oddly enough, I have neve had a burrito here. But, I usually get the suisa, and it's not a mound of chopped steak ... you actually get a STEAK in your quesidilla suisa! Top it with their spicy salsa, have some aquas frescas --- did I spell that right?? anyway ... it'd darn good!!! The line gets long, but that just tells you how good it is. Lots of straglers from the bar next door. I gotta take other yelpers advice and get a buritto, but I can do without all the rice and beans ... just too filling for me. And we all know that for most of us guys, it's all about the meat, cheese and salsa! It is really blue collar, and really dirty, but you don't mind once you try it!UPDATE -- I was in the area and was craving Alambres, and hoped it was good as it was in the outer Mission. Sadly, it was not. There were no bell peppers, smaller portion, cold rice, and no chili sauce! I had to add the salsa, which made the dish cold. I have finally tried the burrito, and it looks like the secret is the roll in on the grill to crisp it a bit. Still good, but the Alambres was a real let down. If I want that again, I will head further out at Onondaga, but for some reason, it's more dangerous out there.
Oh, El Farolito, I sing your praises from afar, on the other side of the mountain. Your al pastor torta is a whimsical tune that wakes me from a gentle drunkeness to fill the void created inside me, courtesy of three gin and tonics. The cheese, it stretches, the avocado spread on the inside of the roll, it delights. No torta will ever compare to you.
Great great great Super burrito.I'm a burrito Snob. I'll admit it. I think one of the true tests of a Mexican Establishment is it's Super Burrito. It was fantastic. Legit ingredients, great service, awesome salsa bar. I hate when they charge for chips but I can get over that.My buddy ordered the Super Quesadilla, which was dripping with cheese and other ingredients. Also looked amazing. 8.5 mustaches
Some of my favorite drunk food ever. The vegetarian burrito is a total garbage burrito, which is why it can be so fucking fantastic at times.I've probably consumed 870000000000 calories in total just from eating their veg. nachos, which are basically a gigantic plate of garbage covered in cheese, beans, jalapenos, and sour cream. Doesn't help that this always occurs post-binge drinking with Jessi, causing a total abandonment of manners and civil-eating-in-public skills. If for some perverted and lewd reason there was ever any video footage of Jessi and I eating said nachos post-bar time, I would probably either kill myself or somehow have to resign myself to the fact that I'd never get laid again.
the green sauce is to die for... *secret tip* ask for a water cup, fill it up with the green sauce and grab a pack of tortilla chips next door at the liquor store.
Super Al pastor, no hot sauce, no cheese. Cannot be beat!
2nd best taco that I ever had in the US.
Just had a carne asada quesadilla super suiza and a carne asada torta. Muy bueno! I split these with a friend and it was very tasty.
Great location within walking distance of over a dozen bars makes it a must-stop on most of the nights spent drinking in the Mission.Fresh cheap burritos will stuff one person or a super quesadilla served in two halves could be enough for two all for less than $6. Only downside is long lines which could stretch onto the street, especially after midnight on a busy night, but, hey, there is enough tasty Mexican food for everyone!
two words---Avocado Salsa--i never had it before and it is delicious, in fact everything at this place is delicious. the nachos are incredible, the burritos are perfectly portioned--perfect amount of meat to cheese to sour cream to rice to guacamole. the homemade salsas are outstanding and really everything about this place i loved.the line just stays out the door at El Farolito and if i lived in San Francisco i would be there at least 5 times a week, its also inexpensive. needless to say, if you want a great burrito, nachos, whatever, go to El Farolito---i wish i could have gone before i left, i would have loved one of these for the plane ride home--i'll be back sweet Farolito, i'l be back
i have eaten here a few times. the first two was great but i recently ate here and it wasn't so great. i mean, if you want to clog your arteries and have a heart attack, then by all means. sure the food is tasty. it's probably because they put LARD WITH EVERYTHING that is there! i got the pollo plate last time and i noticed that my rice was really shiny. after eating it, i realized why...LARD. my friend had the veggie burrito with no cheese and whole beans and there was grease everywhere. two stars for the greasiness. minus the grease, it would be 3 stars but EVERYTHING IS GREASY there. it's funny bc i feel like most taqueria these days rare use any lard in their food. also, i think i'm just maybe a little more sensitive to it bc i have been eating raw mostly these days.
Huge vegetarian burrito with fresh avocado! At the salsa bar they had some of the best dilled jalepano and carrots I've ever had. A mission district must!
Any place this dirty has to be good right? I like my veggie burritos filled to busting, and my horchata out of a bucket. Its the only way to eat, my friends. Seriously, though, this is my favourite mexican place in California... and if you've read my Gardens of Taxco review, you'll know this means its a real BFD.
It's. Fucking. Delicious.Enough said.
I love the burritos, love the tacos, love the refried beans (extra lard, please!), love stepping around the food bits all over the floor. Hearing my number called feels like winning the lottery every time. Even when I'm not drunk at 3 in the morning. Only 4 stars because the chips they serve taste like they came from Ohio and the salsa bar is similarly unsavory.
Grew up on Mission burritos and I now live in NYC where I survive bitterly without burrito bliss. love these so much I almost missed my red eye flight out of SFO because I insisted on having a burrito to eat in NYC that actually made my eyes shine with glee. Totally worth running through SFO on a broken foot!
This place has the best shrimp dishes EVER! My first taste of this place was a super shrimp quesadilla. OMG if i was a guy I might have had a culinary boner, lol. The shrimp are humongous and they load it all up in there, then comes the cheese, the guacamole, and the sour cream. On my next visit I ordered the super shrimp tacos and received the same generous amounts of shrimp and fix'ins but also the yummy salsa and cilantro goodness. The only thing that sucks is I think they close at 2am so if you stay too late at the clubs you'll have to settle for something else.
434 reviews and counting can't be wrong!believe the hype!! forget la taqueria!! forget the yellow health violations!get the pastor or quesadilla suiza like everyone says. if you have not been here you need to put in on your "bucket list."
Is the food here really that good or are people just really that drunk? Ummm... a little bit of both. I've been here around normal dinner time to find a decent crowd and have indeed enjoyed my buritto, quesadilla suiza & tacos thoroughly when sober. I have also been here at 2:30 in the morning, a few under and waiting in a line that ravels out the door and along the window. My enthusiasm for el farolito ranges depending on the former or latter scenario, but averages out to a happy& satisfied feeling about this place.
New favorite late night place in the Mission.  There was a huge line and it took a while to get our food, but it was worth it - the carne asada burrito was huge and tasty, and really hit the spot. Great deal too at six bucks.  Definitely coming back here to try their breakfast burrito.
I haven't been here enough to fully judge it, but its one of latest open places in the mission. The drunks love it because its open passed last call and its literally right next to the 24th Street BART station. Not to mention that the food is like wicked cheap hereI had the tacos and found them to really good and this place, unlike Taqueria Cancun, has a small salsa/condiment bar and better tortilla chips. The biggest problem with this place is that its rather narrow and not very big, which leads to long lines late at night. The key to this place is the understand how the average drunkard thinks, so that you may beat him there and avoid the long line (basically get they before anyplace has last call if you can).
all I can comment on is the vegan version of their burrito, the chips, salsa, and guacamole, and those things are AWESOME. cheap, delicious, fast service. if you are vegetarian or vegan and not sure if you want to come here, DO IT. a great place to go with omnivorous friends, everyone goes away happy.
Awesome greasy heavy food. The carne asada quesadilla and carne asada nachos are amazing.
So I feel like an Ostrich that has just pulled my head out of the sand....where the hell have I been? Great burritos, PARKING, and they have Lengua all the time!!! And PARKING people....great to have a place that you don't have to double-team and do the drive by like you do with the Tacquerias deeper in the Mission.
Super quesadillas with beef are to die for.Sure you may be hesitant to venture into this taqueria (those of you slumming from the Marina), but have no fear. Farolito scored a 100 on the health inspector's site.Farolito is a Mission Institution. It's open til the wee hours of the morning, so stop on by after a night of clubbing. I enjoy Farolito's burritos and of course their super quesadillas. Their horchata is pretty tasty as well.It's right off the 24th BART station, so it's also an easy lunch destination for those of us working downtown.
I can honestly say that in my opinion, there is no better late-night street-food than their quesadilla suiza! There is not a kabab stand in the world that can step to this place.
super delicious humongous burrito for only $5-6!!! their super nachos are the bomb as well! this place is definitely generous and well worth the price for their food. usually pretty crowded but their employees are pretty nicee. :) definitely should check it out!!
Three stars seems pretty fair for a joint like this. While the prices are very inexpensive ($4.84 for a veggie burrito!) they make you pay for a side-order of chips! Personally, I think that chips should come standard with any purchase at a taqueria, especially in the Mission. Also, I had a really frustrating time trying to order. The man at the register was trying to push chips and a drink at me, even though I only wanted a burrito. I know it's a silly thing to complain about, but they should stop asking after the first time you say, "no." Am I right? It's also not in the best area, so I recommend taking your order to go. The people dining inside were a little shady. Needless to say, I MAY go back, but only if I'm in the area (which is like, never). I'd rather pay a dollar more somewhere for some free chips and a better experience.
OMG, the best burrito EVER!
One of the things I miss about SD is the Mexican food, especially carne asade fries. But it's ok now that I've been to El Farolito. I had their marinated pork burrito and it was delicious! Mmmm...pork. I was full halfway through but kept eating because it was sooo good. I got the regular burrito. Perfect for me because it doesn't have the sour cream and cheese of a special burrito but still has veggies. I've seen bigger burritos but eh, that's what I get for getting regular. For less than $5, I'm happy.
so good. must go. late at night.
The BEST burrito in the WORST area. Isn't this always the case when it comes to good, cheap food? It is pretty much your typical hole in the wall place. The place is a bit narrow though. But you get nice and friendly, fast service. Parking is nearly impossible to find. I heard good things about this place but I knew it's wasn't in the safest area. Never thought I would have to risk my life for a burrito! j/k It is not thaaat bad. I ordered a carne asada super burrito for $6.00. Price is about average for a burrito. I have to say the meat is seasoned and cooked just right, not dry and crunchy but tender and full of flavor. I was surprised to see slices of avocado instead of guacamole in my burrito. Probably the only healthy item in my burrito. I will definitely come back here. I am not sure when but I will! I would love to try their tacos and quesadillas.
I gladly drive here from Mountain View for the Super Carne Asada burrito (the San Jose Farolito is a joke). Everything here is jam packed with fresh flavor. Their salsas and chiles are better than your abuelita's. Just go already.
Great food at a great price. My only complaint is that it is not too clean, but you can't get everything,
this is my FAVORITE late night burrito place in the city! i'm extremely picky about my mexican food, but the portions are huge and tasty and the employees are so sweet.
pimps, prositutes, gauchos, dirty hipsters, fobs and yobs.this is the scene at 2am at el farolitaafter a night of fine red wine, fancy pants beer and bourbon and pool we ended up here....im from LA and am always hearing and reading about SF losers lamenting the lack of "mission style burrito's". first of all burritos are gringo food so i never really gave a shit...i had an al pastor torta which was inauthentic but delicious as fuck. i still dont know what a mission style burrito and i still really don't care what it is.
damn good tacos. hella cheap. i'd recommend going there. plus there was a marichi band last time i was there.
Quesadilla Super Suiza!!! It's the size of the average person's face, but I don't know anyone who has managed to leave the place without inhaling the entire thing.
Roosevelt was always my favorite, but this place is damn good. The portions are soo freakin big and the food was very delish. I was very impressed and i wasn't even drunk yet.
Recently I had a a chance to try a few different items off the menu. The beef taco wasn't bad but it was disappointing, and the veggie burrito was nothing special. I'm going to stick with the chicken burrito in the future; I was just disappointed that one of my favorite chicken burrito places didn't serve a beef taco or veggie burrito of the same caliber.
I like big hot burritos with lots of stuff so this is the place to be. I'm a fatty when it comes to burritos so you have to trust me on this.
If my wiener was as big and tasty as the El Farolito Super Carne Asada Burrito, I'd be three pounds heavier and have people fighting to give me BJs.
i'm usually not a huge mexican food/burrito fan, but this place is pretty awesome! can't complain about the amount of food you get for the price. for less than $6, you can get a super burrito that is truly SUPER. it ought to weight at least 3 lbs and it's humongous!! i liked the chicken one a lot better, definitely recommend. the best part is, it opens late! so when you're hungry, you can just head over and expect lots of people even at 2 in the morning. it's a bang for your buck!
Best 'greasy taqueria' around. This was the first burrito I tasted after moving to SF and it was love at first bite. (I didn't plan that little play on words or anything). The super burritos are huge and overwhelmingly delicious. One time when I went there there was a group of Japanese girls (tourists). They were in the table next to me and all they said was (in Japanese of course) "Oh my god its SO BIG! AMAZING! Its SO BIG!" Domo, El Farolito...majide.
I don't like making absolute statements, but El Farolito has got to be the best taqueria ever. The food quality, the taste, the variety, the prices...it cannot get any better. The only way this place improves itself is by expanding its seating/waiting area..and adding another restroom or two. I digress, back to the food - super burrito, quesadilla suiza (basically a flat super burrito minus the rice), nachos, tacos, combo plates, they got it all. Meats - aside from the standards, they have lengua (beef tongue), shrimp, fish. Actual avocado in the orders instead of green splatter that looks like guacamole. Tasty salsa selection to top it off. Taqueria Cancun in SF, Guadalajara in Davis, Super Sergio's in SD, those are some of the better taquerias I've frequented over the years...but El Faro tops 'em all. Aside from the best taste, they offer the cheapest prices as well. Jump on it says Sir Mix-a-lot.
I'm sold!After reading all the positive reviews, I decided I'd stop in after getting off the BART stop. I ordered the vegetarian super burrito. It was as good as everyone promised.It's not the cleanest place I've ever eaten (not disgusting, just not a place that says "we mop after the lunch rush"), but the burrito was big and tasty. Didn't cost me much either.So to summarize:1. mostly clean2. big3. tasty4. cheapWow, that sounds like my requirements for sex.
I'm going to contribute yet another five star review to this place. Me and two friends went there after 3 AM this weekend. Despite the line being way out the door, we received our food very quickly and they didn't mess up our order! Beforehand, my buddy who lives in the mission said they're his favorite burrito place on Earth. I've been to a lot of good ones, but this one was able to move up the list. It has the speed and convenience of a fast food joint, the quality of a more expensive restaurant worth frequenting, and the hole-in-the-wall attitude of a taqueria. There are few, if any, other burrito joints I'll visit in the Mission.
Love this spot! Probably the best burrito I've ever had.
Been to this place about 3 times and loved it each time. The super quesadillas are great! Food is always fresh and the servers are very friendly and efficient! It is amazing to just sit and watch the production!
I am ashamed. I am a bad San Franciscan. I have only just, this past Friday, finally partaken in the delight that is El Farolito. Super chili relleno burrito. My new favorite munchable on EARTH. And minus the Man-I-Shouldn't-Have-Eaten-That-Whole-Thing, puky desire to become bulimic feeling one usually gets after consuming burritos of that size, especially as quickly as I hoarked that thing down. Simply amazing. Can't wait for more.
I leave here stuffed all the time for less than $5. The portions are quite big and they are open really late (which is the only time I come by here). The food is your typical 'mexican' restaurant fare and the decor is really simple. The late night crowd can get really interesting at times and the neighborhood is not so good, especially at night. Parking is tough as I wouldn't park more than a block away at night. As long as I can get close parking this place is my late night place of choice.
Food: 2Service: 3Decor: 2Atmosphere: 2My first, only, and last visit to El Farolito was quite disappointing. Considering all the great Mexican options in SF and nearby in the Mission, I won't be back.I ordered a pork burrito with avocado (guacamole). As soon as I bit in, I noticed that the tortilla was chewy, as though it were stale and/or had been overcooked. The pork itself was tough and not at all the shredded, tender goodness I have come to expect from places like La Taqueria. Worst, it was really greasy - a burrito should not have orangish grease oozing from it, sorry.There's definitely no reason to frequent this joint if the food isn't good, and isn't.
A buddy from work told me about this place and he was right. THIS is THE place to get a burrito. Best I've had in SF so far. Yes, it's a hole in the wall. Yes, it's kinda dirty. But isn't that what you want in a burrito joint? LOADED with all that Mexican goodness that makes for a huge, heavenly burrito. Wonderful nachos too. All for a totally reasonable price. Open way late for those of you looking for drunk munchies in the Mission. Yes, there's gonna be a wait, but it's well worth it (I've never seen a line this long at La Taqueria, which I think speaks volumes about their food).
Pretty good tacos and burritos if you want a late night snack beforehitting Mission bar. This place can get busy, but traffic is moved quickly. no free chips here people, but you won't mind paying once you're gnoshing on a super burrito or chicken nachos
Its good, but I don't really get what all the hype is about. If its lunchtime on a weekend, its kind of a shitshow and the carnitas down the street at La Taqueria is way tastier.
Been hitting this joint for 10 years now. Super quesadilla suiza w/ carnitas and creme on the side. That with a Mexican Coke or horchata on the side- and this kid is in heaven- drunk or sober. But, El Farolito does get props for staying open so late. Always fun to see drunks and stoners *making out* with their food in the wee hours of the AM. Really cool staff also- I don't know how those guys work so hard and stay so patient/ friendly with all the freakjobs that come in there. Decor: always love seeing that random, dirty gyro meat machine painting and hear the jukebox blaring Tejano tracks.
El Farolito is the reason why I could never, as much as I've wanted to at different times in my life, live in New York (or any other non-Mexican border state). My reviews are heavily tilted in the mexican food direction b/c I could live on black beans and guacamole and sour cream and brown rice every day. For real. Most of the places I've gone over the years are gringo-mexican (the place in Noe Valley, Mariachi's in the Mission, Green Chili Kitchen in NOPA), and I only went to El Fartlito, as I lovingly call it, after late-night trolling and a decision that I was better off waking up the next day with a small hangover and a baby-sized burrito in my belly than a wicked hangover and nothing in my belly. I returned last Saturday night relatively sober after diverting friends from a near $100 dinner at Foreign Cinema (which I also like, but only when I'm flush), and we all ended up happy! They loved the quesadillas (which are not skimpy) and burittos (also gordo) and I had a chicken and beans plate (with the aforementioned guac and sour cream staples) that hit the spot for a mere $6. The ingredients were fresh--though don't go asking if the meat is free-range or anything--and well-cooked.The line moved fast, the staff dealt with my picky-assed ("um, no rice please and no tortillas and guacamole on the side") order without a snag. I recall from the less-sober trolling days that they're open til 3 am and have great flan as well. So good, you don't even have to be on a budget to go!
After a 6-year search, I've found my favorite taqueria. Some days are better than others (thanks U2). But one of the best "food moments" of my life occurred at Farolito. Me, a beer, a chicken and a beef taco on a sunny afternoon. Beautifully seasoned meat and fantastic salsa... It doesn't get any better than this.
got to have my weekly fix of farolito. hard to not get the same thing cause its so damn good - super quesadilla suiza with carnitas. freakin delicious!the burritos are good too, and the torta. tacos not that great, at least not like other places in the mission where they give you a heap for 5 bucks. but i dont mess with the tacos here - quesadilla suiza all the way! the best in sf for sure.
I just recently moved to SF, and this was the first place I ate when i got here. Its in walking distance from my house, which works out perfectly! Ive tryed pretty much everything.. it is all SOOOO yummy!!! My absolute favorite is the regular steak quesadilla.. I dont know why it is so good.. but I could eat it everynight of the week!!! They keep it simple, take cash only, and have a nice selection of beer.. that is a must to finish off the meal!!! Come hungry.. the portions are on the larger side :) El farlito save my soul!!!YUMO!!!:)
SO good. even if its out of your way, this place is definitely worth a trip. i'm from san diego, and i've learned that the more run down the burrito place is, the better the food. the process line is really cute, and the men that work there are so sweet. get a super burrito, sit down with your bottle of coke and take in the sights and sounds of the heart of the mission. definitely one of my new hot spots.update: alright, since my bff's live right next to the og, i haven't been to this location in months. still, check it out. same great food, just a little safer atmosphere.
so good and so cheap
Super Burrito : Next time I WILL finish you.
The breakfast burrito is so good!
The only drawback of this place is that it is a bit cramped and definitely lacking in aesthetics. But then again, that is actually a big plus in the Mission.I don't get down here very often, but I regularly crave and even daydream about the tacos al pastor with cilantro, onions, and the spicy/ tangy tomatillo salsa from the salsa bar. Their aguas frescas (any fresh fruit variety) are excellent, so no need for beer here. Their food is fresh, made-to-order, and with just the right amount of grease (because honestly, do you trust any taqueria that isn't at least a little bit greasy?). I also love that they don't put beans or rice on their tacos. Rice is just cheap filler, and no beans just makes more room for meat. And that's what it's all about.
I've only been here a couple times drunk and thought it did the job with burritos. However the last time I got a Quesadilla Super Suiza, and goddamn I want to go back sober!
CheapGoodIn your faceAnti-pretentiousDid I say Good?Bottom line...it f**kin' ROCKS!!!Reminds me of some 'a da kick-ass pizza/calzone joints back in NYC, where six bucks buys you a handful of heaven, and where a misplaced attitude will buy you a thumpin' at the hands of a few bangled guidos...
The only place that knows how to make a chile relleno burrito along with everything else on the menu.  A great diverse crowd, I was a bit skeptical my first time walking into this place with my friend. She reassured me that the food is more overwhelming than the ambiance of the atmosphere. Not extremely horribly disgustingly dirty and not the most sanitary at the same time. But boy oh BOY the food is fab. I feel so betrayed that nobody ever mentioned this place to me before =P
I dream about this place.Try the al pastor, I would tentatively say it's the best in the bay.
Went here last night with some Flickr friends. It's a real scummy type place but the food was OK. I had the Quesadilla with carne asada and it was real juicy and flavorful. Just don't look at the food when you walk in or you might not eat it :)
oh el farolito!whene'r i am drunk and hungry i find myself waiting at your doorstep. the burritos are constantly amazing. once i found myself craving eggs and chorizo at 3pm (perhaps it was the hangover) and asked for a breakfast burrito and instea of being mean and nasty, the guys who were working there made it for me anyways, and i rejoiced. on fridays and saturdays at 2am the lines get a wee bit long and the patrons get a wee bit rowdy, but that's part of the fun of the place. the best part is that in order to use the restroom, you gotta stand near the back and somehow catch the eye of the guy working the cash register, so they can buzz you in. oh le mission, how do i love thee!
The El Faro never dissapoints! Been to the ones in Sonoma County, same deal here, good and cheap mexican food.
After a night of drinking, and I can't find the Bacon Hot Dog Cart, my body needs a carne asada dilla at El Farolito. Cheap, quick, open late.... how can I, Details Magizine, and all of San Francisco be wrong.
A Mecca for the drunk and hungry. All you need to know is the SUPER SUIZA. Expect a line if you come past 2 on a weekend. meaty cheesey goodness making sweet gentle love with avocados and other deliciousness.
The best taqueria for the late night crowd hands down. If you're drunk already it'll taste fantastic! If you're not, well, it's kinda greasy. I like the tacos that come simply with cilantro and onions and you can get a nice big burrito for a fair price. Quesadillas are also super good if not better than the burritos. The chips SUCK! And you have to pay extra for them? Whatever!
For about six bucks, you can get a regular burrito and a can of coke. Not too shabby when the bank account is low! Counter service is friendly and very efficient. I used to be all about the super burritos but as my waist line expands, I've had to take it down a notch. Also, the ratio of meat to rice here is very good. Other places serve what I call "rice wraps" as you can barely taste any carnitas/carne asada/chicken.
I didn't like burritos (okay, I know Chipotle and Taco Bell shouldn't count:) that much until I had the carne asada burrito at El Farolito. I noticed that lots of people like the "Super" burrito but I don't like to dilute the taste of meat with the extra add-ons of the super burrito. I noticed that there's an El Farolito on 24th and Alabama... should try that one too sometime.
Super Burrito, Al Pastor re-fried beans no Salsa. Yes, onions and cilantro...  Horchata please
i think this place is highly overrated. taqueria san jose down the street is a lot better. i stopped by here after the erykah badu/mos def show only because taqueria san jose was closed. i ordered the carne asada torta and the meat was way over seasoned. i was drunk and if i could tell that it was salty, it was damn salty.
Nothing ends a night, like standing in line with the Mission Crowd and some of the yuppies who got lost leaving Medjool at 2AM waiting for your Super Burrito or Quesadilla Suiza. Everything here is great, awesome salsas for your chips, all star staff, these guys are pros man, sometimes can take a few minutes, but thats where the real entertainment comes in with the regular stream of crackheads, drunks, and homeless that hang around the 24th Street Bart Station.The carnitas are awesome, tender and juicy in the middle, crispy on the outside. Super Burritos are big enough for two meals, I also really like their homemade fruit drinks (Strawberry is my fave), the chips are always fresh and go great with their multiple variety of salsas.GO FAROLITO, Down with La Taqueria and their 9.00 tacos.
hype to me. another place flooded with late night eaters. i forgot to review this place awhile back--that's a first.
Cheap and good eats that wont bust your pocket. You know it is good cos the lines are going out the door. I love the carne asada super burrito and the carnitas quesadilla. Try out their various salsas from the bar. If you are finicky about cleanliness then this is not really the place for you.
After being sorely disappointed by many local taquerias that have increased their prices and decreased portion sizes, I was overjoyed to have taken my friend up on his recommendation of going to El Farolito. We ended up going late-night, and when you walk in, it looks sketch, but it adds to that hole-in-a wall/great food feel. The food is definitely authentic to food that I've tasted abroad. One of the best orders is to eat the chicken quesadilla which is monstrous in size and not skimpy on meat or cheese at all. It is definitely filling! The strawberry drink is sweet and quenches your thirst if you have eaten anything spicy. I like adding green, spicy sauce to my chips.  The nachos are a meal within itself. The most difficult part of visiting El Farolito is what you are going to order. We always end up over-ordering and having an abundance of food left over because of the generous portion-sizes. The beauty of this place is that you can't make a bad decision!
pros: - SUPER SUPER SUPER DELICIOUS!- perfectly-spiced yummy shrimp, carne asada, carnitas, and chicken- Open super late on friday and saturday! This is rare in SF where everything shuts down shortly after midnight which is annoying and inconvenient for the drunk/bored population. - avocado instead of guac! (tho many would consider this a con, I am very picky when it comes to the guac, avo is so much fresh-o)- a short walk from doc's clocks/make-out room/many other Mission haunts- a lot of hipster gents (aka some nice eye candy) - a giant 5lber-ish sized burrito to behold in its cute red picnic style basket (perf for two meals, what a deal!) -cheap greasy mexican! cons:- the plastic tables that dont move are not comfortable and when you are drunk at say, oh 2am and sloppy, it's even worse- narrow and crowded when the bars get out and i get paranoid people are cutting when I'm drunk and all I want is my damn burrito! (Usually people aren't cutting, I'm just hungry, tipsy, and impatient. Because the burrito is bomb!)- the line out the doooor - sometimes sketch bathroom - (this is a personal con) there is no good mexican food in NY and therefore I miss El Farolito
My favorite late night drunken meal! And I love how it's so close to BART! It's tempting not to stop here every night after work (ha!) I love the veggie burrito, seriously it's so good! And their marinated jalapeno peppers are the hottest and the BEST thing about this city!!
Everything you want from a Mexican spot: traditional cooking, real carne asada and carnitas, Mexican cheese, fresh salsas, fresh agua frescas, beers available, cheap, hole in the wall, only Mexican music juke box, open late, Mexicans eating there.I ate here 4-5 times a week when I first moved to SF and lived around the corner. There's a reason why there is a line at 2:30am on a Fri night (they're open until about 3:45am on Fri and Sat nights and 1am on weeknights). I'm partially Mexican and grew up eating Mexican food made from Mexicans. I also cook Mexican more than anything else and one of my favorite things to eat in the world is a carne asada Super Quesadilla Suiza from El Farolito, no joke. it's the only place I will even order a Quesadilla, because the ones I make at home are better usually. They're meat is traditionally cooked, the cheese is authentic Mexican cheese, the salsa's are fresh and perfect and the agua frescas are quenching. They serve beers too, but late night you can even sneak your own in there. The carnitas super burrito eaten with the green tomatillo salsa being washed down with horchata and/or a cold beer is a little bit of heaven on earth.I can't recommend this place any higher. It's really everything you want out of a Mexican spot.
Lines are a NO NO...quesadilla suiza and super nachos con carne asada is a yes x 10that is all
This is the place to go for burritos. I suppose I have not been anywhere else in the Mission for Mexican food, but I have not seen any reason to. Their food is sublime, and the place is kind of a dive, but that really doesn't matter. Make sure to order in Spanish if you can, if you do the chips are free ;)
My favorite taqueria in the bay area. This is fantastic food for dinner, lunch or late night snack. I always get the Carne Asada and its cooked to perfection.Best Burritoes in the bay.
I heard SO many good things about this place so I guess I might have had super high expectations, but I was seriously disappointed in the burritos. Yes, they are incredibly HUGE, but bigger isn't always better in my book! My boyfriend and I got the carnitas and the carne asada burrito and had half of each. To me, they tasted like any run of the mill burrito you can get at any taqueria with one exception, WAY too much rice! It was like a rice burrito with some extras. For all the hype, I didn't get it. I'd much rather have a burrito from Papalote up the street!!!
My job is literally right up the street from this place, so I eat here all the time. Let me first say that the Super Quesadilla Suiza is delicious, and in a close second is their Super Burritio.  The fact that the put avocado in nearly everything is a plus too, since I am a big fan of avocado. All the food here is extremely affordable, with the massive Super Quesadilla coming in at a cheap $5.45. I can tell you that, with this being so close, I'll be eating here many days to come.
Wow, I had no idea so many people have been to Faro's. This used to be a staple in my S.F. household, especially since it was just up the street and around the corner. I'll let my stars speak for themselves.Might I add, though, that 1 burrito = 2 meals. Yes, that's right, TWO.
Awesome food! One of my all time favorite taquerias in San Francisco. I think what I like best compared to other awesome mexican places in the city is their meat seasoning is so full of flavor. Definitely a must go place if your craving a burrito or quesadilla either during the day or late at night after hitting a club.
How fortunate I am to live less than a couple blocks away, in case I need a late night Mexican food fix! The carne asada super burrito really is super: I took a bite that cleared the steak and it still tasted really good. Great people watching here too...
These guys rock, I love my burritos. After my buddy took me here I couldn't find a better burrito anywhere. The taste is great and I love going super too. For my burritos I have to have everything in there, all the extras.lol (SUPER BURRITO) I have also eaten at the 24th street one, which surprised me when it was pretty consistent in taste. I haven't been back for a little while but I would really like a burrito now. Deng it, sooooo hungry, freakin yelping at work cuz Imma that hungry. lol
Eh, at least the carne asada is good...There are a lot better taquerias in the mission honestly, but if you're too late to get to El Metate or Taqueria Cancun this will do I guess.
My favorite taqueria, what else can I say? Great burritos, ceviche, and the Torta is delicious! What really stands out is the carnitas super suiza. I LOVE these! Once you try that, you have a hard time ordering anything else when you come here.
I know everyone loves to come here, especially after a night of drinking because they are opened till the wee hours.  I think this place is crap and the food gross, it will give you the runs and blow you up like the Hindenburg. The only thing I've ever been able to stomach here is a quesadilla, your basic mexi crap sandwich in my opinion. Pork with tons of gristle in it?? Oh and the guacamole and refried beans look like baby diaper, i'd rather eat a dirt sandwich that's been face down on the street covered in mayo.  Taqueria San Jose and Pancho Villa are much better.
number 1 in my list love this place so tiny but the food is soooo good when i want mexican food in the city this always pop in my head first great place i love it
As soon as I stepped into this place, I realized I had been here years before. Yesterday I decided to stop by after my rehearsal for a light lunch because I heard they yelp hype about this place. Well I wasn't dissappointed, especially since I'd been here before, but also because my quesadilla suiza was so satisfying. Thinly sliced beef on top of melted swiss cheese and grilled flour tortillas. You really can't go wrong with that sort of dish, but I still give them credit. The strawberry agua fresca was also very tasty and quite affordable for a large at $1 a pop. The only drawback is the long line and limited amount of seating. 3.5 stars.
didn't feel like ordering the standard taco/burrito bullshit (not that there's anything wrong with it), so i went with the pollo ranchero. chicken cooked with red/green bell peppers and onions in a mild red sauce. mmm tasty. it came with a side of rice, beans, tortillas, and a small salad with avocado for 'round 8 bucks.a great deal, considering my friends got just a sausage in a bun with some condiments for 6 bucks at another place nearby. suckas.one star off for the wait being long--i waited about 20 min for my order :\otherwise, they live up to the hype. i'd love to try the mole enchiladas next time :D
The steak quesadilla supreme (cheese, sour cream, carne asada avocado) is huge, delicious and an amazing deal for $4. Doesn't strike me as the healthiest meal in the world - better just make it a special drunken treat. The chicken burrito I had was so-so.The main knock against this place is that it's a dump, and typically filled with stray, middle-aged, homeless-looking dudes. The wait can be a little long.
Best burrito on the planet.  not much else to say.
Great place, and it just gets better when you realize it's cheap Mexican with free entertainment from the transsexuals that are all over the place. Wait until the Marina types walk in with their tranny dates, and still don't figure it out at 2:30AM after the bars close. So hot.
i've been here a few times and it's always the same. large portions for cheap price. burrito for just $5 to $6. shrimp burrito is very good but only if you get it with everything to me anyways. i tried their quesadilla sandwich thingy. it was huge and very good. i'll be ordering that again soon!
Most favorite ceviche I've had yet
I love burritos. I love El Farolito. I've only mostly burritos here, so I can't say much about the other food. I also had some of the vegetarian nachos one time, and they were pretty impressive. Definitely go for the carne asada here. I've had the marinated chicken, the grilled chicken, and marinated pork here as well. The marinated chicken is not the best choice for a burrito- too soft and boiled for my taste. The salsa is very good. Their tomatillo (green) salsa has a nice fresh taste to it and the chunky red salsa packs a good little spice to it. The clientele here as it gets later, gets drunker, but I've had this when both drunk and sober and it always tastes amazing. The place isn't the cleanest burrito joint in the world, but it's respectable and they do a good job of making sure there aren't heaps of baskets and salsa all over the tables that you have to clean up yourself. This is quickly becoming one of my favorite burrito joints in SF
OMFG@#@#$@#$! I miss this place. I used to live up the hill from this place. I would be rolling by at 3 am, and they would still be open. Oi! Then I would roll by the next day around 11 am and someone would be opening up the joint. Hardcore lovin' coming from the burrito lovers I tell ya. The guys behind the counter are hit and miss nice, but I understand. When you're busted ass busy non-stop do you have time to build rapport? Even though they're slammed I have never had a rude experience. Just keep the good food comin' For the carnivores the meat is slammin'. Man, I crave one of their quesadillas right now as I write this....
Good burritos in the busiest part of the Mission district. The place is very small and very noisy. It looks like a hole in the wall...but their portions are large and the food is good!!
i like the carne asada super burrito. also, "jarritos," which is a soft drink, is apparently pronounced like HAH REE TOES, and not jerry-toes.
I don't want to get sucked into the eternal "who has the best burrito in SF" arugument, so suffice it to say that El Farolito is *my* favorite burrito. When out-of-towners request a stop at a burrito place, we always bring them here. El Farolito burritos are big and fat, with no frills or pretensions; it's just a burrito and that's what makes it glorious. When you eat it after you close the bars, it's a fantastic hangover prevention measure. Really, happiness is a warm El Farolito burrito... I also love their avocado-y green salsa, too. Sometimes, to mix things up, I get a vegetarian quesadilla suiza with rice and beans instead of meat--it ends up being like a grilled burrito. Their Fruitvale location has equally good burritos and a slightly different menu, with a lot less hipster factor in the clientele.UPDATE: I saw how many calories are in the tortilla alone on the nutrition label while standing in line. If you wanna know, ask me. I encourage you not to, though!!
I have a new love. The chorizo buritto at Farolito. It is filled with mex-sausage goodness. I have had three this week. Don't tell my doctor please, my blood presure is high enough.I have always considered this is best taqueria in the Mission. I know that there are others and sometimes the other shops are better. Farolito has the most consistantly great food. Everytime. 10am? Awesome 3am? Killer.Anytime of day, anything on the menu is awesome.
best mexican food in the city. with the exception of chipotle, if you count that as mexican.instead of guacamole, they cut up REAL avocados to put in the food. and the shrimp is extremely fresh and well marinated, i highly recommend it.
Well, I had to reaffirm my love affair with El Farolito last night. As soon as my friend asked if I would go to S.F. with him I knew where we would be eating. We were not in the neighborhood but I didn't care I was gonna get me a carne asada super burrito no matter what. As usual they did not disappoint. The crowd was perfectly typical for this place. I didn't realize how hard parking was during normal hours however this should not be a deterrent. (just give your order to your friend and circle the block til it's ready) I'm so glad we got to go there last night and I can't wait til I can go again.
El Farolito is crazy busy late on a Saturday night for a good reason. This San Francisco institution serves the legendary mission-style burrito, a gut bomb monster practically large enough to feed a family of four, that inspired a world Q'potles to pop up all across the country. When we arrived, a line was snaking out the front door. The front window provides us voyeuristic food porn fetishizer types with a glimpse of the rapid grill operations at El Farolito. The line moves rather rapidly, so don't let the deter you. I went with an order of three tacos, one al pastor, one cabeza, and one lengua. The al pastor was pretty middle of the road for me. It was soft, tender and spicy, but lacked the crunch a good al pastor gets from caramelizing on the spit. It also didn't come with pineapple, pretty much a sin in my book. The cabeza was simply not good - it was kind of waxy and ultra bland. The lengua was marvelous - a lovely symphony of tender, slightly gooey, rich, and oh-so-satisfying beef tongue. Each bite bursted with flavor. They stock three salsa, which were merely just okay. Overall, this place is a-okay, a great place to satisfying your need for a second dinner in the mission.
Stop the madness!This place suffers from Yelpis-suggestus...the phenomenon of giving good ratings based solely on someone else's prior good rating.I intentionally did not review this eatery after my first experience, as I like to give most places a second chance, especially if they are so highly rated by fellow Yelpatologists. The crew and I visited EF on 24Th tonight for the second time. We waited in line for nearly 20 minutes. I still can't figure out why. Go to Pancho Villa, or any of the other popular burrito place in the Mission for that matter, and they don't seem challenged in the least with handling numerous orders.After we finally ordered, it took nearly another 20 minutes to get our food. What the hell? Beans, cheese, rice. Beans, cheese, rice. Repeat.OK. The Super Burrito con Carne Asada was nearly tasteless. I ate through more than half of the thing prior to hitting the sour cream and the slice of avocado. There is supposed to be tomatoes and onions and cheese in a 'super' as well, but I was not able to locate any of those. The chips you get, are like the generic 'Safeway' brand, priced at 3 tons for a buck 99 and labeled "korn chips."We also had the Ceviche Tostada. This was again, a pancake-sized "korn" chip with a dollop of fish stuff. No flavor.The Quesadilla Suiza, the Piece de resistance of food items here, as I understand it, was akin to a wet crepe filled with chopped meat. Sound yummy so far?Future diners, read other reviews of EF very carefully. Most begin, "this is a great place to eat when you're wasted." Maybe people writing a review of this joint should first be subjected to a BREATHALIZER TEST!
background:we went on a taqueria pub crawl for a friend's going away party. apparently there are no taquerias or pubs in nyc. ;) during the night, we hit up (1) el farolito, (2) mission bar, (3) taqueria cancun, and lastly (4) zeitgeist, where (5) the tamale lady showed up.review:my friends all love hitting up this place after a night of drinking. and everyone orders the super quesadilla suiza. up until that night, i'd only heard stories of how good it is. there's a story of a friend who had too much to drink one night, ate half his quesadilla, went outside to puke, and then came back inside to finish off the rest of his quesadilla. u know it's gotta be good after hearing this story. and it did not disappoint. best quesadilla i've ever had! definitely a good place to get a quesadilla post drinking or even for lunch or dinner.
Great place for food in the mission at the end of the night. Even if it does get a little crowded and there is an occasional fight: youtube.com/watch?v=Snwa
with so many taquerias in the mission, it's hard to pick a fave but i would put my money on el farolito. never has disappointed me.
This is exactly what defines and deserves the cachet of an SF Mission burrito. The grilled tortilla makes all the difference. Tightly constructed. Well seasoned carne. Delicioso!
This and Cancun always vie for my favorite burrito in the city award. Hard to go wrong with a place that cooks everything right in front of you, slices fresh avocado into your burrito, and still charges less than 5 bucks.edit:To: All these haters talking about veggie burritosMessage: Eat the Carne Asada or the Carnitas and then come talk to me. Oh wait....you're vegetarian? Damn. That sucks. Maybe you should just go to Greens. Or Millenium. Sorry, but I will not stand idly by while you denigrate my favorite burrito joint.
Got a couple of carne asada burritos, one supreme and others regular but they seem to be the same huge size...not a complaint...you get to watch the cook behind the glass counter heat the tortilla then pile on the tasty rice, beans, onions, finely chopped cilantro, cheese, sour cream and freshly slice half avocado and the steak filling was perfectly seasoned, grilled, chopped and heaped on top then somehow he managed to roll it up in the neatly wrapped foil...don't try this at home...just bring it home and drip on the fresh red and verde hot sauces...yum, yum, yum....there seems to be parking spaces available along mission near the front of the store if you're patient...it does take awhile to get through line that seems to be always present but the food is worth the wait...maybe waited about 15 - 20 minutes for the burritos. There's only a few tables in this place.
If theres ONE burrito place to get shot at in the mission, its this one!! This isn't the best burrito your ever going to eat, but if its going to be the last one, it ain't half bad. If you find yourself stumbling aimlessly around 24th and mission, say, at 3am you should do 1 of 2 things.1) Get a cab and go back to whatever nice district you really live in.or 2) Go to El Farolito!! The burritos are insanely good and the Nachos are the F*IN best!Bully!
found out about this place on yelp, had to try it. the ratings are sooo high. went there on a friday night. line out the door, place is packed, must be good food.  ordered the carnitas super suiza. priced nice at around $5.50. i really DO NOT see why this place is so highly rated!!?!! it has decent mexican food, but in no way any more special then any other decent mexican food place. the carnitas was so-so, but the suiza was big, could not finish it. ok flavor, and alot of grease. i eat at ALOT of mexican spots and this DID NOT impress me what so ever. el gruelence in hayward on B st kicks this places ass, el amigo in san leandro kicks this places ass. shoot, the taco truck on industrial in hayward kicks this places ass. i suppose all the good ratings are from people who do not eat mexican food on a regular basis like myself. there are many more places that are WAY WAY better.
I think you either have to be hammered or taking this home to enjoy this place. Unfortunately, I was neither when I ordered my super carne asada.Value: Out came a tube about the size of a liter of tonic water. Tons of food, so that's great if you're only eating one meal a day. Meat: Unfortunately, the consistency & flavor of the meat was more like beef from a chinese restaurant. Shredded, dry, thin. If I wanted Chinese food in my burrito, I would have gone to 360.Distribution: If you're ordering a super, you want the extras to run the full length of the burrito mile. The head was all guac and the ass was all sour cream. That's no no.The interior reminded me of a smokey bowling alley from the 70s which reminded me of Sam's on Broadway, another place you should only hit hammered.
everytime i pass by 24th and mission, eventhough im not hungry at all, El Farolito gives me that stomach-that-needs-to-be-filled feeling.. =D I always love its Super Quisadilla Suiza..The size is just right for me.The men who work there are very nice to the customers, they really are experts in doing those delicious burritos! The place is just small but what's important is, you'll get out with a delighted stomach.THE BEST!
In the right frame of mine (read: loaded), you can have a mind altering burrito experience here. They make some damn tasty burritos and I have left there thinking I had found paradise. However, the grease factor that works so well on the beer lined stomach can sometimes set you off in the wrong direction if you aren't prepared. In fact the salty/greasy flavors have made Farolito a no-go for the wife. (we'll fix that in due time)But like I said, you can hit a home run here and satisfaction is usually found. Best gooey-green avocado salsa tin town, and it is really all you need to throw on. Fresh avo in the burrito is an option too. Carne Asada is my staple and really no reason to go another direction. Somtimes a 5, sometimes a 3...we'll call it a 4 and be done!
I went to El Farolito and I didn't think it was that good... I don't know what I did wrong! I guess I'll just have to keep trying.. atleast I'll only have to walk half a block from my house.EDIT: I have 4 words for you: CARNE ASADA SUPER BURRITO. I also have four other words for you: FRAMED PAINTING OF MEAT.
The super vegetarian quesadilla suiza is life changing. And, slightly less indulgent, the super vegetarian burrito will fix just about anything wrong in your life for 10 minutes.
Is it classless to admit that the food here gives me a boner?
If you have not come to El Farolito, i feel sorry for you. This is the best freakin Mexican rest. in SF. I dont care if you are from SD and think they are the best, you dont know crap. Come here, its always busy no matter if its 2pm or 2am. I have never tasted such a flavorful, delectable burrito.
OMG this is the best taco place in the city!! It's open late, so I can't tell you how many times I've come here drunk to fill up after a night of dancing and drinking. It's always packed too! I had recently realized that I had never had it when i was sober, so maybe it wasn't all that it lived up to be. I decided to have it for dinner one night and the food was still great (tho not as epic as when i am wasted) The portions are gigantic and can last for 2 to 3 meals, the meat is good, not the best but who cares. The cheese is really good.I have tried burritos, tacos and nachos from this place. This place has one of the best super nachos in the bay area. They are loaded with plenty of toppings and seriously could feed three people. And for only 6 dollars its totally worth it. This is my new meal of choice when coming here.The burritos are tasty too, I wouldn't mind eating those for the rest of my life.The tacos are boring, don't really like tacos anyway.There is one thing I don't like about this place. You need to be buzzed into the bathroom. In most restaurants and other business establishments this is done to prevent the bathroom from becoming a shit hole. But it's already dirty and gross here. That kinda defeats the purpose for utilizing a buzzer, right? If you are gonna make people stand and wait for you to buzz them in, keep the bathroom clean!!!All in all this is probably one of my favorite Mexican joints in the city and the fact that its open until like 3AM makes it even more of a frequent must for me (better than McDonald's drive thrus)
I went here based on yelp review. I am not a big fan of mexican food. But since I will go back to my hometown which doesn't have any mexican food, so why not to try it. I got the burritos and the tortas. Holy mother of god look at the size of burrito. It was huge. I couldn't even finished it. Eventhough the size of burrito is big, I wasn't satisfied with the taste of it. It just okay burrito to me. Though it was different with the torta. So unbeliavable delicious. The bread are good as well the chicken. No doubt that this place is cheap especially for me who live by paycheck.
Best burrito in San Francisco. Actually, best burrito in the world. I had my friend bring a couple to me while living in Paris...I froze them and would thaw out a quarter of one once a month. No kidding. Fresh Mexican queso goodness, perfectly grilled meat, plus the yummiest salsa verde. When I'm craving Mexican, El Farolito makes my heart melt.
2 Stars for asking for no rice, no cheese, no sour cheese and getting all those in my damn burrito.. Argh..
The line is long, but don't be discouraged. It moves fast and it's worth it. Went here for the so famous 'super' offerings. Wanted to try the super quesadilla - but - went with the super burrito since it's on my to-do list from good ol' 7x7. I agree, this is something to try before ya die. I mean I have yet to have a bad burrito in the mission, but this one had a little something special. I couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was, but something was different. I think it was the tortilla, it seemed fresher and thinner, more delicate than others and I really liked it. But all the other ingredients were great and mixed together it was burrito perfection. The chips n salsa on the other hand, boooring. Same ol salsa that's at all the taqueria's. Pico de Gallo, mild green and spicy red. Not bad, but nothing unique. and the chips were more of the same. To have the best combo I'd say get a burrito from here then grab chips n salsa from papalote - now that'd be perfection.
best burrito in the city!!!! open late night which is perfect after being out in the city late night!!!!
My favorite burrito in SF, plus they have beer and mexicoke!
MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PLACE TO EAT EVER! !! El Farolito is the only food I crave. I always get a burrito and its always the best. I never tasted anything quite as unique and delicious as this place. The green salsa is also bomb! I like the late night crew the best, they make the food very good. I literally drive to the city just to eat here. It's amazing. Always busy, always on point with food and service. Im always here weeknights after partying, or for lunch at noon. I never get sick of this place. GO HERE WHEN YOUR IN SF AND WANT THE BEST FOOD!
A great hole-in-the wall. It's a little too dirty for my tastes. The chorizo though is delish. The al pastor too. Carnitas could use some work. Great value though, and a classic. Better than Cancun.
Wonderful take-out burritos!
Awesome awesome Mexican food!! And such a bargin too. A burrito or a couple tacos hit the spot perfectly late at night after an adventure in the city. All their meats are sooo good and you'll find your mouth watering watching them cook it as you wait in line. You can't go wrong with the pollo or carne asada but definitely try a chorizo taco if you get a chance.
I would have to say that its probably the best Burrito in San Francisco. Bar none. I can speak for anything else on the menu, except for maybe the Nachos, however the Super Burrito, specifically the Carne Asada, with everything except the tomato is probably the most delicious thing I have ever tasted in all my time in San Francisco (11 years) definitely dive chic, this burrito joint while kind of narrow has plenty of seating and has about as vibrantly diverse a clientele as you could possibly imagine in the Mission. The place at any given time is choc full of hipster douches as well as Mexican Gang bangers, my favorite being the latter of course. It is reasonably priced has fresh ingredients and without any kind of pretension is the only Burrito place I go to in San Francisco.
This is that dirty mexican joint with the tables you wouldn't dare eat off. Food is good and they give you alot for your money. Check it out in the dirty dirty mission.
Best burrito in the city and the crowd is always interesting.
this is my fav burrito spot! everywhere else i go doesn't even compare.. and trust me i've been to a lot! and whenever i take my friends here, they dont even want to go to the place they use to goto anymore! the area is pretty ghetto, but food is awesome and their open pretty late! i usually get the same thing when i go.. the steak and shrimp burrito with everything.. refried beans light on the sour creme and i grab like 6 red sauces.. lol.. but recently ive been put onto the pork burrito! (THANX JUNE) that one packs sooo much flavor! 5 stars!
Tacos had way too much rice, and not much interesting. $2.75 for a Jarritos soda?
Been here many times. Lunch, dinner, late night snack, and even take out to bring to the Giants games. The food here is just so good and this place is open til late at night. My favorite burrito place in the City. There is always a line here no matter what time i come. And the burritos are so huge, you'll absolutely have a food colma when you're done and still would have leftovers to take home. The only negative is the location. Not the safest place in town, but it's worth it to come for the super burrito.
Despite what the haters say, this is THE BEST BURRITO IN SAN FRANCISCO. Nothing comes close to their super carne asada. Nothing. Not even Jesus himself.
I'm tempted to give this place a 4-star rating just because of all the late-night burritos I've had here... but... let's face it: This is a place to go when you're drunk and the bars have closed. Given the sober choice of going anywhere you like in the City, you shouldn't choose this one. They do, however put slices of avocado in their burritos... nice touch! And hey... the food really is pretty good. I will return to this establishment... again and again. It will generally be sometime around 2AM when I'm here though, guaranteed.
I have had their tacos, burritos, quesedillas and tortas. All of which were not very flavorful or of good quality. Good to go after a night of bar hopping since there are not too many places to go after midnight. I like Pancho Villa better for just a quick tasty bite, better quality.
everything here is Excellent. especially luv the carne asada burritos and the super nachos. Avocados scooped right out of the avocado and slapped onto the dish.Location and parking are minuses...
This place is unreal. The carne asada super burrito is to die for.
This place is awesome. You deserve a 4.5 stars. Foods good, prices are awesome, and its open late when I usually come in from a night of dancing and CRAVING some greasy Mexican food goodness. I'm always so disappointed to see the line out the door, and dread the idea of waiting 20 minutes to order, then another 10 to devour that super burrito, super nachos, and quesadilla suiza. MMMM, I can go for one right now.
I just had to try this place after reading Yelp. Unfortunately, I didn't agree with a lot of the reviews. The first bite was like eating salt and it just got saltier and saltier. I
There's almost no reason to write a post about El Farolito, is there? It's pretty much hands down the best f*ing Mexican place in all the land (check out Cu Co's plantain burrito, though).Get: super burrito carne asada (super nachos carne asada for the gluten-allergic), chips, horchata.One note: along with the self-serve salsas are self-serve peppers. The big ones are tangy and sweet; the small ones are, well, not. I learned the hard way.
Oh man, that was a great Super Carnitas Burrito. Actual fresh avocado in there. Big and heavy. Excellent flavors well blended together. And open 'til THREE?  That rules.
it always seems late at night i crave for the sf staple, the burrito. i dont have a usual whenever i order a burrito there but whatever it is, i always leave satisfied. i rotate between the carne asada, carnitas, and pastor. the ingredients are always tasty and the meat is always a tender and flavorful. the complementary chips and the salsa bar keep me from going crazy waiting for my order to finish up. overall one of the most enjoyable burritos in the city.
Love the salsas they have! We had carne asada plate, that was nothing special, but the burrito was really good. It is huge that hubby and me shared one burrito together. Will come back to try the suiza.. don't even know what it is but sounds really good!
I didn't find the burritos here all that spectacular so this review is just for the shrimp quesadillas. Absolutely the best I've ever had. Fresh, sweet, crunchy shrimp in a mysterious creamy white sauce that is definitely not healthy for you because it made my mouth tingle. Definitely a "come-backer".
today, I decided it would be a good idea to hit the mission to celebrate cinco de mayo in style! So my coworkers and I hopped on bart and popped into el farolito for lunch. Holy mierda! The super burrito I had was by far the best burrito I have ever had in the bay! I was gonna go with the carnitas at first because the menu stated it was fried, but when I saw it...it didn't look crispy....so then while still waiting in line, i was gonna opt for the carne asada that looked so gooood on the grill...but then yo, wait....they had lengua on the menu! I aint french, baby, but gimme dat tongue! It was excellent! Juicy and flavorful! This is as good as it gets! Check this out, The burrito was piping HOT! Not warm....but HOT! So hot that I could barely hold it! Dios mio! Mmm mmm good! The cheese was stretchy...the rice and beans were just right...and instead of guac, they throw in about a fourth of an avocado! I was full after eating about half of this donkey-sized burrito, but because it was THAT good, I proceeded to eat it, cuz I need it! Man, was I stuffed! Thanks el farolito for an excellent burrito! My coworkers who had carnitas and carne asada said theirs were good too! Can't wait to go back! See you soon, mi corazon! Palabra a la madre!
Do not go here! the big security guard there at night is totally rude. I got buzzed in to use the restroom last night and and then they buzzed some guy in when i was still in there. i thought it was rude and being 2am it was dangerous. i complained about that and they just said "you should have locked the door" yes true i didnt think about it. but i figured that when they buzz people in it automatically locks. plus there was a huge line behind me. weird. i tried to talk to the manager but he didnt care. i got a refund and told them id never go there again. i urge you to ban them as well. i will be taking my business to one of the other great taquerias in the mission. it's too bad as i went there once a week. ps the huge security guard there nights is a joke.
Mark 4:21-25 And he said unto them, Is a candle (1) brought to be put under a bushel (2), or under a bed (3)? and not to be set on a candlestick (Yelp 5-star review)? For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad. If any man have ears to hear, let him hear (4). ------------------------------1) El Farolito's Carne Asada Super Burrito with a grilled tortilla2) A bushel is a cylindrical container, 18.5 inches in diameter and 8 inches deep...like a ginormous dog bowl. Who knew.3) Mmmmm...bed...4) And if boyz and grrrrlz have mouths, let them eat------------------------------In a nutshell, this place blows the doors off Cancun, Corneta, and Pancho Villa. I literally can not put an El Farolito burrito down and walk away. Every bite it better than the last. BTW, "farolito" means "little lighthouse" en Engles. NOW you get the Mark 4 thing above...
This place is is the bomb! It may not look like it with it's run down exterior. But once you have your burrito in hand take that first bite, you'll forget all about the guy outside asking you for a quarter or all the weird characters you've observed waiting for it. :D
I came here after some really drunk clubbin' going on with my friends, and the tacos hit the spot. Unfortunately, I wasn't sporting much cash, so I only got a carne asada taco, but my friend was kind enough to let me have her chicken taco as well. The chicken taco was a little on the salty side, but I love my sodium, so I gobbled it up. The carne asada was definitely less salty and sooooo good. It does get all sorts of crazy there as the club-goers pour in, so make sure you check your bill because I think someone else may have paid for my friends' meal, but I was really too drunk to be sure or care.I have been craving the tacos ever since. Alas, it is too far for my lazy ass to drive to, and I always crave it in the middle of the night when I figure the neighborhood is really too sketch for me to want to go by myself. What's a girl to do????
Best/Cheapest in city... Try the Tostada de Ceviche or the Shrimp and Steak burrito
All I'm saying is that I barfed after devouring one of their DELISH burritos... Might have been the large quantity of beer I had prior to consumption of said delicious burrito, but I barfed nonetheless. Even so, will probably be back the next time I get a drunken hankering for a burrito.
their classic carne asada burrito (and the pastor super burrito) is the only reason i have to visit the mission.
Order the carne asada ..... douse with green salsa.... pack your bags for heaven. Best Carne Asada in the city.
If you're a vegan, vegetarian, or neat-freak, I wouldn't come here. Too authentically Mexican. If you like meat, spice, and aren't afraid of a less than spotless dining room you'll be fine. Carnitas burrito was awesome. Tacos al pastor authentic and flavorful. I didn't get to try the (poblano) chile relleno burrito but it was raved about. Worth the BART ride for a Mission-style burrito in The Mission. Thanks Yelpers for sending us there. Better than my hometown burrito joint; sad for me.
This place has the best (carne asada) super quesadilla suiza ever. I came here once and was hooked. The portions are very generous (good for two meals; fortunately they slice it in half) and it's got everything. I've never enjoyed Mexican food so much. I've gone on drunken tirades about how great this place is and how I'll never find another taqueria that could match it's excellence. Too bad it's on the other side of town...
I first discovered this place after a show at the old Balazo Gallery, and have since returned whenever I'm in need of a late night meal in the area. I eat here less than I'd like to, due to my girlfriend's aversion to the place, and the proximity of her favorite taqueria just one block away, but I plan to return ASAP.If you're just looking for your typical good, solid, basic taqueria near the corner of one of the sketchier blocks in the Mission, give this place a try.
I am a homebody nor a biggest Mexican food fan, but I would leave my house and drive all the way to SF just to eat here. Their Quesadillas are the BOMB!
I went here with a few friends last night and it was pretty decent. I got the super burrito with carne asada. For $5.45, it was a huge delicious burrito filled with rice, beans, meat, avocado, cheese and wonderfulness. And they have beer and jarritos!
The best. 'nuff said.
This is not the best Mexican in SF. It's just a middling, dingy little burrito joint. But if it's after 2 AM and you've spent the night barhopping in the Mission, nothing is better than a burrito at El Farolito. Get a combination of carnitas and carne asada for the hell of it.
Best quesadilla I've EVER had in my life- cheap too!
there is always a huge line here. which is always a good sign. and there is always a large amount of meat being prepared, which is another good sign.love the burritos here, but minus one star because there seems to be a little abundance of rice in the burritos, i would love for them to have less rice but and more something else. surprise me. i just dont want the mission to turn into chipotle.
got cravings in the middle of the night? come here...you'll find yourself in a line at 12 midnight with others drooling over mex food...big servings of very good tasting burrito and quesadilla...with beer...
Their super burrito con carne asada hecka hits the spot, especially when it's 2 in the morning and there aren't any other joints willing to accomodate your drunk, hungry ass. Thank goodness for late night burritos. El Farolito is the go-to spot! They're not the cleanest taqueria around but their burritos are like fireworks in your mouth.-1 star because they charge for chips and salsa. Boo.
Diviest of the dive taquerias, the salsa bar was oddly clean and dining "area" oddly devoid of meth heads and drunks last time I came in!?!?? The tables were also wiped down enough for me to set my bag on while I waited for my order. One of the servers was even dishing himself up a plate of the very same food he stands in front of all day to eat on his break? What is going on? Please just leave me alone in the corner with my carnitas tacos as I cover my eyes and pretend this gentrification thing isn't really happening...
Inexpensive, huge portions. The food was okay. Coming from Southern California I'm spoiled by really good mexican food. I'd eat here again. Mexican food is tricky because the flavors will be different depending on where the cook is from. The food here had a bit of a sweet flavor to it.
Where has this burrito been all my life! Perfectly grilled chicken super no rice and the salsas made for a perfectly good, although LARGE lunch. One really could live on this monster alone for a day. It will be hard for me not to stop in here after getting off bart, especially at under $6.
Another El Farolito?! I can not believe I have surpassed this location up several times. How shameful to know that blocks away amazing food was awaiting me. I definitely recommend this taqueria to any burrito connoisseur around. And trust me, I've had plenty of burritos of all kinds-small, big, round, flat, skinny, dry, wet, tall, savory, boring... First off, no one can resist the temptation of walking in here. It's like Cinnabon's Cinnamon Bun scent that you can smell 50 miles away, (which I think they have a secret C-Bun machine that only wafts out the scent to attract people). Turn the corner and you smell the savory meat flavors already. Staring at the menu, I decided to go with the Camaron (shrimp) burrito. I ripped open the foil & shoved my face in it, and couldn't stop eating the savory burrito. Even the regular size is pretty big, as I tried to finish the entire thing (a goal I set each time). Good flavors, and filling for the price you pay (roughly $6 for a burrito). They have vegetarian & meat selections, and don't forget to top it off with a bottle of Mexican coca cola (I don't know their secret, but it always tastes better). Although most places give you chips for free, I believe they charge you (yes, sorry to disappoint you)...well they're still set at a cheap price regardless. The service was good, and I have no complaints. The man taking our order was nice, and they got our food to us in a decent amount of time despite the crowd at 11 P.M. Best part is they are open fairly late, so burritos late night always put you to sleep. Not a huge place to eat, squishy here and there...I got mine to go. And a juke box full of Mexican music selections?! Drop a quarter in, and I'll shake myself to fullness to lyrics I can barely understand! Outrageously delicious burritos. This will definitely fulfill my weekly burrito cravings. :)
Carne Asada super burrito, with extra avocado. The best. in 20 years I have not tasted a better burrito. Their green salsa and salsa fresca are great. Para Ibar.
1. Not touristy2. Still open when the bars close3. Convenient walk from everywhere else in the Mission4. Not expensive5. Big chunks of avocado
I love their green salsa which has avocado in it..I order their Super Quesidilla Suiza..It seems like theyve been skimping on the avocado lately thou...I go across the street to Tacqueria Guadalajara..becuase they have bigger portions...but much props to el farolito ive been going there for liek 5 years now
Could use a greater variety of salsa, and look less like a dungeon. If you are a sucker for an authentic looking menu then by all means go.
My friend recommened me to try this place out and i am totally glad that i did. The food over at this place is totally awesome. Some of the best mexican food I have had in quite a while now. I ordered the super chicken quesadilla along with a sangria. The ingredients seemed fresh and the chicken oh so tender. Service was definitely very prompt and the cashier also told me that i had paid her a little to much by accident. Refreshing to come across honesty like this and of course great food all at this one Taqueria. I will return for sure the next time i happen to get the craving for mexican food.
It was my third Mexican meal of the day, and I really wasn't even hungry, but the boys insisted we stop here after a night of cocktailing... and it was quite possibly the best veggie burrito I have ever eaten. The entire thing went down in less than five minutes, to the impressed amazement of the rest of the group. There is always room for a delicious burrito!
one of the best burrito in town
I haven't been here in ages but this place brings back tons of memories for me...this was the spot when you just got out of some club in the City, drunk and exhausted from gyrating all night, and need to take care of your late night/early morning munchies...love their Carne Asada Burrito!!! So good that at times, we would leave the bar/club early just to make it in time for our El Farolito stop!
Really modest, hole-in-the-wall atmosphere, but GREAT food!
Tongue burrito... left me speechless!!
Grilled tortillas are the only thing left going for the vegetarian burrito here, which if you ordered the "super," used to rival Can Cun's in flavor and balance of ingredients. Sometime ago management must have figured out that rice is the cheapest ingredient to put into a burrito because ever since their veggie burrito has become a log of rice with a few beans, a glob of sour cream at one end, and begrudgingly small pieces of avocado.They once got my order mixed up and I came home to discover a regular carne asada burrito with just meat, rice and beans, and it was marginally better (I ate it for the sake of economy), with a decent amount of meat, so if you are a meat eater perhaps this place will still float your boat. Otherwise, go back down the street to Can Cun unless you were looking for a roll of tasteless, undercooked rice.
The butteriest quesadillas you'll find, but damn are they delicious. El Farolito is the ideal late night, after-drinking place. Long lines, smelly grill, cheap food, loads of grease. The carne asada burrito is among the best in the city, and a side of grilled scallions is always welcome.
Best burrito I've ever had in NorCal period. Their tacos are legit, meat, onions, & cilantro on two corn tortillas. The people who work there work quickly and are nice. The place isn't super loud either because everyone's too busy chowing down to converse. I've been to a decent amount of Mexican restaurants in The Mission and this is by far the best one I've been to yet.
A group of us were pretty hungry after an art show. Since we were by Mission Street there were so many Mexican places to choose from. On of my friends suggested that we go to here. When we got there, it was a long line out the door, so I thought to myself that this place has to be pretty good. I ordered the carne asada super burrito, and all I can say is that it might have been the best burrito I have ever had. The meat is flavorful and they add big chunks of avocado that made it taste even better. All I can say that if you are ever in the mission district and want a good burrito go to El Farolito.
This place ROCKS!! Their salsa selection is awesome! The burritos are best eaten on the spot. They taste great the next morning too.I always get the Super Carne Asada with a side order of Cebollitas. Try their Super Quesadilla Suiza if you need to change it up!!! J
When you live in the Mission you become quite snobbish about Mexican food. I like the salsa from place X and the quesadillas from place Y, etc. With that in mind, El Farolito is the place I go for the salsa verde, the quesadilla suiza and the cebollitos and the price is always right. Other things such as the burritos are a good as well. You'll most likely want to order the food to go as the ambience is a bit rough.
Best carne asada I have ever had! Really yummy mexican food. I totally pigged out at this place, I loved it. You have to get the quesadilla suiza: Carne asada meat, sour cream, avocados, cheese, tortilla grilled to crispy perfection....sooooo good.
I decided to seek out the best burrito SF has to offer. After much Yelp research, I found myself on the complete opposite side of the city and salivating just at the thought of the various reviews I had read about El Farolito. Needless to say, I was not disappointed, and my faith in Yelp is once again affirmed. I decided to say F-U to my recent "diet" and went all out w/ the the grilled chicken super burrito. SO worth it. At first bite, I noticed that the flour tortilla is just the right amount of chewiness. The most tender, flavorful chicken meat I've had in a burrito in a long time. Good quality cheese that melts beautifully. Several slices of fresh avocado (none of that stuff that goes squirt). Creamy pinto beans that add the perfect texture to this package of delight. Salsa to add a hot kick. Fluffy rice to soak up and support all the tasty juices running throughout. Only (minor) complaint is there was a little too much sour cream for my liking, not the most pleasant first couple of mouthfuls. I also took the advice on here and had the strawberry aguas frescas. What a great sweet, pulpy companion to my burrito and chips. I love alternating bites and sips of the different textures....is it just me?Thank god I had some restraint and listened to my stomach halfway through the ten-inch burrito. Now I have lunch and can relive the whole experience again. Must make the moments last b/c I don't know when I will get my ass over there again.
Late night burrito obsession? Don't live anywhere close to San Jose's infamous La Vic's? this is the closest you'll get to almost perfect burritos. This location does get huge lines. Lnies that actually go out of the establishment and into the streets. The place can get pretty packed on friday's and saturdays. Only takes cash, so bring cash with you, there are ATM's nearby, but i'm sureyou wouldnt' want to leave the line go to the ATM then come back in line only to realize that the line just got longer.
Over 1100 reviews with over 4.5 stars? Srsly? Both the carne asada tacos and the chicken burrito were dry and vaguely soapy-tasting. The only things that this place has going for it are the they are dirt-cheap and open late. Maybe the food tastes better after a few beers.
Anyone who doesn't like this place is El Fucked in the head. You'll notice that the few negative-o's are generally written by emaciated hipster chicks.  A bit of advice: try taking that Adderal AFTER dinner. Then there's the illiterate guy who complains about 'to much rice.' A bit of advice: kill yourself. I love it how the same people who move to the Mission because it's so down and dirty (by Bakersfield's standards) complain when they find a place that's down and dirty. I suggest the chorizo quesadilla. It's delicious and only 29,538 calories.
This is a mid range joint. I'll go here if it's late or something. There's better places in town to go.
This is the best Mexican Taqueria in the mission. The quesadillas rock and so do the super burritos...don't bother ordering a "baby" super burrito either because the burritos at IL Farolito are so damn good that you wont be satisfied unless you gorge yourself on a SUPER...HA! I always cut mine in half and tell myself, "self, your only going to eat half and save the other half for later." Ummm, yeah right! I have failed time and time again. i love to smother the green salsa they have at the counter all over it...its made with avocado and some other tasty delicious ingredients that make it taste like a spicy liquid guacamole...(kind of)...it tastes better then I am describing...its so good I usually fill up 6 or 7 "to go" sauce containers when I am getting my burrito to go...just so I have enough to pour ALL over it!...I actually think that I may have to go after work today....I crave El Farolito like no other Taqueria.
I wasn't going to write a review because this place has a million plus already but hey, why not another one right? The burrito's are soooooo delicious, esp the chicken (the beef is also good too, some minor pieces of fat tho). The chicken meat is all white, thick and they give you A LOT. The burrito is also huge! What I love the most also is the sauce at the end of the row. YUMMMMMMY.!! Only funny thing was when I asked for steam rice with my burrito, the guy at the counter told me to go to a Chinese restaurant if I want steam rice LOLOL....excuse meeee. Sheesh! I swore my burrito was filled with white rice the last time I was there but of well, it's even better with the Spanish rice so no complaints. P.s. make sure you bring quarters for street meter parking.
whenever i'm in the bay, i definitely go to el farolito. living in new york has really made me appreciate and miss the california mexican burrito. carne asada super burrito...please come home with me. oh the breakfast burrito is also superb! always add tapatio too.
Overrated bullshit this place sucks ass you don't shit about Mexican food rather suck my dogs ass.
I used to come here for just their super burritos, then I got some friends to tag along and they helped me expand my horizons. I now totally dig the nachos, which are the heartiest I've found anywhere, and the cheese quesadilla with the steak meat was astoundingly hearty. Yes, I am more or less a seafood and veggies eater these days, but that was a damned good quesadilla. Also try the strawberry aguas frescas. The flavor is pleasantly strong. One disappointment is the horchata, which I only tried once, but isn't as sweet as I'm used to having it. The service is also wonderfully attentive, especially considering all the people who pour in.
The best burrito in the city. I have never had a bad burrito here. They don't use too much rice and the beans and meat are very very good.  The staff is friendly and the service is quick even when there is a line out the door.  Also the random music is pretty entertaining.
Wow, this was one busy busy taqueria yesterday evening! I met up with some new friends here before a showing of "Milk"--one friend had a very specific request of wanting to have a Mission/San Francisco style burrito, and yes, my fellow Yelpers did help me make the decision for going to El Farolito. One of my friends was already with me, and since we were at the place a bit earlier than the appointed time, we decided to start with some libations, two different Mexican beers, with a goodly amount of chips. When all were present, one had a carnitas burrito, another had the veggie, and I had the shrimp burrito. All very yummy items that satisfied us all nearly to the point of bursting. Beautiful salsas of the tomatillo, fresca, and chipotle varieties. And the fact that there was a line the entire time we were there was pretty telling of the business this place receives. Ohh boy, I think the siren song has been sung for El Farolito--I'll be back for sure!
Brave the mission and you will find an oasis that you will never forget. The quesadillas are out of this world. The seating is nonexistent and the decor has to go. But none of this taints my memory of my perfect quesadilla.
open past ten pm; yay!kinda scary inside; uh...standard tacqueria fare; ok.my fave: two super vegi tacos, please. small horchata. thx.
I've been in NYC for several months and I just got back to the Mission for a visit. I got an instant chubby when I tasted Farolito for the first time all over again. I felt like a virgin. Lord knows I'm not...I've had so many Farolito burritos in me, it's only fair to call me a slut.
Best carnitas burrito in the City! Make sure you order it with light sour cream though, otherwise they drench it. The food is cheap, the service is fast and friendly and the unlimited salsa bar is AWESOME!! The green salsa is the best salsa ever!! The only drawback to this place is that it's sometimes hard to get a seat and the seating area is very narrow.
the year was 1999, i was literally straight off the boat, and staying for a couple of days in what i thought was a neighborhood called "cesar chavez army". take a late night fearless stroll and get to a pretty, lively intersection with lots of light and lots of cowboy hats -- the real kind. so i walk into the corner joint, try to assess how it works (no table service, no menu, no niceties), put on my best taxi driver deniro look and hope for the best. wow. i am blown away. it's my first mission-style burrito and it has rapidly kicked the ass of any LA or TX style burrito i've ever had. ridiculous. i think i've tried every other burrito joint in what's now my neighborhood, no longer called cesar chavez army, but i remain loyal. my only indiscretion is, if the line is too long, heading down to the farolito on 24th and alabama. oh, farolito, farolito. best burrito. awesome crowds. nothing beats it at 3 AM, 3 PM, or whenever you're feeling kind of urban, kind of down and out, and really hanker for those carnitas.
Being from So Cal, I consider myself to have a finely tuned burrito palette. I remember when I first moved to the city, I took a late night drive around the mission to scope out the burrito scene, and I was glad to find a place that at Friday night had a long line.  See, that's the key to finding the best burritos, look for where people who are going out on a Friday night are willing to accept the excessive food coma, the gas, the foul breath, and forfeit any chance at impressing their dates.. all to get the world's most perfect food. You find that, and you have found a legitimate contender for best burrito. Yeah that's right, eat that Azteca, where's your line on a Friday night... that's right, you don't have one do you... hmmmmm.... I digress.El Farolito not only makes a damn good burrito, but their quesadillas are really good too, especially the quesadilla farolito... that's one item well worth the indigestion. But the food here isn't the best, their shop is filthy by the end of the day, and the buzzer for the bathroom makes you wonder about the locals... all that aside, it's a top notch place for the greasy gooey craving you get after a night of drinking beer. Ain't no El Castillito (Church St.) but few things are, and unlike eating at Azteca, you can still love yourself in the morning.
This place serves good solid Mexican fare. The real acid-test (at least for me) for a Mexican joint is how many Mexicans are actually eating there. I felt like I had ended up in Zihuatanejo, and the Quesadilla Suiza was my guide.
Their burrito al pastor is INCREDIBLE. But damn, could you turn down the music just a little bit? Their space isn't that big, but I guess people gotta have their musica. I'd get up and complain, but I don't want to get yelled at. Or stabbed.
This is the most over-rated dog food dispensary in the Mission. Look closely at the line next time: Mission A-holes and drunk chicks from Foster City. What do they know about tacos? Honestly, you're much better off eating the lo mein-filled jelly donuts at the place on the other side of 24th street across from the BART station. Or you could just walk two block to eat real human food at La Taqueria or even venture down to La Palma Mexicatessen, which is hands-down the best place in the neighborhood.
We go there at least twice a week regardless our plans. Need I really say more? Las aquas frescas son mas finas! Y la carne asada con cebollitas es mejor!
when i'm craving mexican, i always think of this place first. huge burritos for 5 bucks...and awesome quesadilla suizas. I frequent this place, probably once every week and half. mmmmmm...bring on the beans, rice, and cheese!
Why is there 3 different review links for El Farolito? Can't we just combine it all since we ALL agree that this place rocks the house harder than the Shins? I have been to this place twice in one week. Once during the lunch and another time at 1 Am after bar hopping. Both times very satifying for the stomach. The burrito is hearty and I love taking a bite out of a whole avacado piece tucked inside the tortilla. My only pet peeve is that the nachos were the type you get in a GIANT ASSED bag at Costco or Smart and Final. I would of prefered home made nacho chips but that still doesnt subtract a star! Maybe I'm too generous of a Yelper?
drunk or sober, my favorite burrito in sf. I prefer carnitas or carne asada. Also, the 3 different salsas are a party in your mouth. The dive-like atmosphere only adds to the charm. And despite long lines, they go pretty fast.
This was the stop at the end of a long night of drinking. The best burrito I've ever had. I wish I lived across the street from this place. Everybody go here.
Late night munchies. Mid day snack. This is a sure way to hit the spot everytime. Can't beat the price either. Delicioso!
A great taqueria
el farolito. the little lighthouse of my heart. i love this place. it's dirty and run-down but dang those burritos, quesadillas, and other items are great. i love the fresh actual avocado that comes in the burritos. not just a green mixture that is watered down with some kind of cream nastiness. actual avocado. most times i can never finish a whole burrito. so i save it for later and it still tastes good the next day. :) i usually get the super chicken burrito sin cebollas. it's got lots of shredded chicken, which is my preference, and not chicken in red sauce. whole beans and lots of crema. i like it when they grill my tortilla a little. but they don't always do that. it's cheap and full of locals. whoever said there were tourists?? i've never seen any. i took my cousin here once. he's a big eater and loves mexican food. he got a super burrito and was scarfing it the whole time and kept saying how good it was. he couldn't even finish it. every time i see him he always reminds me of the time we ate burritos in the mission. that was probably the tourist that someone saw. anyway, if you want some good hole-in-the-wall buena comida then go here. late night or any time of the day it's good.
Ahh, it took me years to find this place. It was a regular pit stop of my pre-21 days, my friends and I tired from dancing and sweating and knowing we were the shit among the 18 and over set would stop by here. I was always a passenger so I never knew where we were going. It has now become a staple of my late night post 21 days. This is the best carne asada. Brilliant. You stand in the order line and you can see the guy shucking avocado's for your 'dilla or whatever. food is AWESOME, service cool, might be a wait and no tables if you are in the late night drunk set. Nice portions, decent prices, and full of flavor. You'll have bums hitting you up for money, but nothing too bad. Almost 500 reviews and it is at 4.5 stars, did you know you have the real deal.
Maaan, someone beat me to the long live super quesadilla suiza, and on the front page too. It is pheeeeenomenal. faaaaaantastic. Everything else is covered. Definitely beats the quesadillas from a taco truck, i.e "someone stepped on your burrito."
The chilli rellano burrito is delicious. Open late. Giant heart.
The burritos and nachos here are off the neck! While other taquerias skimp on the good stuff, EF piles it on. Perfect burritos every time.
Allow me to explain my four star rating (and its not for the 81 health code score). Let me start with my main complaint, that being the chips are mealy and not very good. In addition, thier black beans taste funky. At $4.95, though the super carnitas burrito is not only a phenomenal deal (its huge), but the quality of the of the deep fried pulled pork makes anything they put it on incredibly good, including tacos, tortas. So while I've probably encountered more innovative / more delicious burritos, Farolito is the best cheap, straight forward one you'll get. I added one more star cause its a dive.
(230AM-drunk as a mofo) One super quesadilla sueza and a large horchata please.
My favorite super burrito (they're fat, juicy & filled with freshly carved avocado) place in the whole wide world. Their burrito brings me a thousand happiness.
Being new to SF and residents of the burrito capitol that the Mission is, we have slowly been eating our way around the hood to make the judgment calls for ourselves. El Farolito kicks ass and their super burrito is good for 2 meals. Cheap and amazing. Not done with the hunt yet but they are the winners so far... I have a pretty good feeling it will stay that way.
best burritos in the world!! Make sure to stop here every time I'm in the city.
Okay, well first off, let me start by saying that the only people who seem to have ANY issue with this place whatsoever are either yuppies, vegans, vegetarians or any combination of them. That being said, this place is about as good as it gets as far as Mexican food in California (Yes, i grew up in LA, plenty of good places too). Drunk food? Sure. Sober food? Absolutely. I just returned from my (at least) weekly visit, and it was just as good as ever. The first thing I ever ordered here was a taco (4 of them, actually) and they were everything tacos from a legit Mexican restaurant should be. But i quickly moved onto their Super Burritos. I almost exclusively order burritos al pastor wherever i go, but the bites of asada burritos i've had here have been quite tasty as well. They pack these monstrous super burritos with beans, cheese, rice, sour cream, big chunks of avocado, and your choice of several meats. The pastor is exquisite and, in my opinion, is the way to go when ordering burritos. The damn things are gigantic, and i've only finished an entire burrito once... and I've got a pretty decent appetite. basically, you won't be left hungry when you order a burrito.One menu item at El Farolito that is sadly overlooked all too often is the torta. I had never strayed from their trusty burrito, until i saw my buddy's torta one day. Next time i visited, i ordered one up, with asada, and, man oh man was it good. jalapenos and cheese melted into the bread, fresh leaves of lettuce, some tomato slices, beans, sour cream, slices of avocado and a thin slab of asada cooked perfectly for a torta. They are exactly what a torta should be. They don't stuff you the way burritos do, but, again, you leave feeling perfectly satisfied. all for a little under 5 bucks.Again, if you're a yuppy, vegan or vegetarian, go find somewhere else to eat. If you piss your pants because a Mexican dude with tattoos comes in; go elsewhere. If bums intimidate you; perhaps this isn't your place. If your feelings get hurt because the cashier doesn't want to small-talk with you... well, you don't need to waste your time. There is plenty of decent Mexican food in other touristy neighborhoods. Try Haight St or Castro. Little Lighthouse, you've earned my respect and loyalty with a consistent meal that never fails to hit the spot. You've never messed up an order (perhaps because i'm not picky) and you've pulled your weight in this city for plenty of years. Keep doing what you're doing.Cheers!
the hype about this place is truly beyond me... i am definitely down w/ the whole dirty, hole-in-the-wall taqueria thing, but the food has to be excellent. my food was far from that... i ordered a regular veggie burrito con un poco queso pero sin cebollas (onions). this burrito is advertised as coming with: rice, beans, fresh tomatoes, onions, and cilantro. when it finally came, i eagerly bit into a burrito which i soon discovered to be made solely from rice/beans/avocado*.i decided to ask them to correct my order. i felt bad doing it and my dining companions were giving me tons of shit, that i should just eat it and shut up about it. however, when you are a paying customer and ask nicely, i think we have every right to have the order corrected. so that is what i did... they redid it for me, begrudgingly (i hope no one spat in it!). still didn't like it at all... it was FAR too salty. i ate about half and threw the rest away in disgust. i have zero plans to return!*fyi, i love love love avocado but had consumed a massive quantity of guacamole earlier on in the day so i was kind of on avocado overload at the time
My all time burrito fave. So good. I live in Marin now, and I still go back!
Everyone raves about this place, but the carne asado burrito is nothing to write home about. It's very wet, and I felt like I was drinking it at the end.
El Farolito is one of the best taquerias in the mission, duh. I got an al pastor taco there the other day-- amazing! Actually, better than Taqueria Cancun's al pastor taco. Okay chips, deece salsa. Not much else to say. Go there and eat something.
Ok, so here's the deal. After school one day, I was super hungry and was around Mission district. My boyfriend wanted to eat here since he said that the burritos were freakin humongous and finger lickin' good. I'm really not a huge fan of burritos, but after my boyfriend ordered the carne asada super burrito for me. . .OMG! i was freakin converted into a burrito lover! it was freakin delicious. Anyway, a cool thing about this place is that they give you chips and they include different types of salsa you can choose from. They also have a yummy cinnamon tasting milk (not sure what the proper name is) which only costs $1.00! You can't beat a gigantic burrito for $5.40 now. Get your ass there!
i love it!!! reminds me of southern california without carne asada fries on the menu... hopefully they add it soon. i am in love with the carne asada super suiza quesidilla and the chile rellenos burrito. i love the prices too.
They've never dropped in quality. Excellent. I love the salsas. The green salsa is the best in the Mission imo.
After looking at the reviews for this place, I am a little shocked! My burrito was pretty terrible-a carne asada filled with mostly rice and sour cream, what meat there was in there was terribly salty and over-cooked. The chips were pretty gross-not your standard taqueria fare, but seemingly more like fritos. The salsa bar is a nice touch and very cool that you can help yourself to as much as you want, but after tasting the salsas did not really need all that much. The tables were all very dirty, as was the whole establishment. You have to get buzzed into the bathroom, which is a men's room and a ladies room split by a half wall that won't give you any privacy if anyone else gets buzzed in while you're in there. The only good thing I can say about this place is that it's open late. I guess if you're starving and wasted all the stuff I've said won't make much of a difference!
I go here every year, order a super carne asada burrito with everything on it, tip the cook $10 and tell him its my birthday. Last time the guy at the register muttered something that most likely meant stupid gringo, but the cook threw his hands up (raising the roof style) and hooked me up with the fattest burrito you or I have ever seen!
This hole in the wall is definitely one of the gems in the Mission district. In a neighborhood that is packed with Mexican taquerias and chic restaurants, El Farolito is one of the restaurants that keeps be coming back to this Mission area.The value and tastiness of the food are undeniable. For a treat, get the super shrimp quesadilla. They do not skimp on the fresh avocado and sour cream. Do yourself a favor and pile on the fresh salsa and grab a horchata. One of these bad boys is enough to send me into a damned good food coma.To change it up, sometimes I get the torta. This thing probably has enough saturated fat to clog my arteries for years but the combination of cheese, meat, refried beans, sour cream, avocado, and jalapeos make the thought of heart disease fade pretty quickly.
After reading all these reviews I just had to try this place. I ordered a Carne Asada Super Buritto. First thing I noticed was how heavy the damn thing was, If you like huge burittos stuffed with rice and beans then this is for you...I call it the Pancho Villa style buritto, As a San Diego style buritto lover I'm not crazy about this style of buritto buy it tastes good. I didn't find it any better or any worse than Pancho Villa so I gave it 3 stars. I think my expectations were just too high.
Found this place by accident the afternoon of January 1st. La Taqueria was closed, and I had some burrito-craving Alabamians to satisfy. Farolito was the light in the darkness. Little did I know it had shined as a beacon of hope (and greasy mexican food) to so many before me. The burritos are solid, great suizas and tacos, hell, even the plain old cheese quesa-dilla ain't bad when you dip it in that magical green avocado-salsa stuff. And of course, the fifth star, or maybe all five alone: los aguas frescas.
A good San Francisco style burrito, nothing more nothing less. I don't eat much meet so I usually get the veggie. It's good but nothing amazing in my opinion.
A friend of mine recently got me into this place and now I make a point to stop there often. The burritos are huge and the nachos come topped with fresh slices of avocado. It's a great place to stop late at night. Recently I was drivinghome from the bars in the mission and had already gotten past nob hill before my buddies and I turned around to head back to El Farolito.
Hi Kids,Listen this is really a specific review of the El Farolito al Pastor Super Burrito cause that's all I've ever ordered and I've probably been there 10 times.Originally from So Cal, so I've never fully adjusted to lukewarm ingredients ladled out of metal containers sitting in tepid water as if somehow the MASSIVE portions you get in SF are somehow supposed to make up for the complete absence of flavor in most burritos here. El Farolito is different. Yeah, the place is dirty. Yeah you gotta park a few blocks away and wait in line with 25 people before you get to that younger dude, who's now sporting corn rows, to order the same damn thing you had last time, which you order anyway because it was soo good. The Al Pastor burrito here worries me. I know it will kill me. It feels like I'm eating a pound of bacon whole. But it's flavorful and the cheese and sour cream and whatever else the slap in it just melts into this creamy porky goodness. I like it a lot, but I'm worried it will kill me.I don't smoke weed but this would be an awesome burrito to just zone out on. Until you get that one piece of chewey meat that kind of spooks you a bit. That would be a bummer.So I can't speak for the rest of the food but I imagine their carne asada would be pretty good. I usually avoid chicken in places where it looks like they get their meat from someone who found it after it "fell of a truck".Disfruta!
I had the carnitas burrito (carnitas, rice, pinto, salsa), and it tasted very authentic and flavorful. The rice was spiced just the right amount (not overly so, like some bad Mexican places), and the pinto beans were not mushy. They don't skimp on the fat either. They oiled the tortilla with something (maybe lard), which was quite flavorful. Some of their items, like the tacos however, looked too greasy. But anyway, my carnitas burrito was very good. The only complaint I have is that the meat was a bit dry. Other than that, the flavor was spot on, and the prices are great.
the rare place where the food is just as good when you're sober as it is when you're drunk. that being said, i would never dine in. i'm a lady and this is no place for a lady. that being said, i'm the drunk red head in the back most thursday nights. WEIGHT WATCHERS WARNING: one $4.95 super vegetarian burrito sans cheese or sour cream add extra avocado is your entire days worth of points. this means for the rest of the day, you will be forced to eat celery (THIS IS THE RARE FOOD THAT BURNS CALORIES WHEN YOU ARE EATING IT OR SO I'VE BEEN TOLD I HAVE NEVER REALLY DONE ANY RESEARCH I JUST BLINDLY CHOOSE TO BELIEVE IT!) and your own finger nails. delicious. please note, it is entirely worth it.
Super quesadilla suiza. aka, the best piece of food you will ever eat. I was adventurous enough to live two blocks from this place for about 8 months (back in the bubble when rents were so high), and ate at el Farolito about 4 nights a week. We had to move because my brother almost got caught in a drive-by, but I miss the place so badly. I dream about the super quesadilla suiza (chicken, salsa on the side), although I only venture down there very infrequently. If you want a more modern but also very good mexican place nearby, try Papalote.
wow THIS place is great. The burritos are good but i can't rate this #1 on my list. Maybe it would be one of the top burrito places. I got the super burrito and it was so good. The place doesn't look all that fancy. Its basically a place where you eat. Kind of ghetto looking but hey... nobody went there to see a view. The burritos are good!!! i love this place.
i just had the ceviche, and holy hell i think i might be converting to farrolito from cancun considering i just ate here three times in a week and a half. is there mexican food rehab?nachos, giant. burritos, giant. quesidillas, fucking giant.i'm pretty sure that you could split anything on the menu between two people and get fed comfortably, but if you're a fattie like me, you love to stuff your face with as much carne asada and cheese as the next person. i really like their chicken burritos, and the strawberry agua fresa is sweetly mixed, but it's the quesadilla suiza that will do you in. i'm pretty sure there's some damn crack in there, as i can't help but inhale the first half and then save the second half for a delicious round two. in-freaking-credible.oh, and late night is good too.
three words: super quesadilla suiza. oh and two more: aqua fresca. Nothing like a good bite after a good night out, plus it's open late, 'till 3am on Fri/Sat. The line to order can take awhile, but the service is fast and friendly.
If you want to introduce your visiting friend to the quintessential Mission Taqueria, this is it. Great food, quick service, and a very diverse clientele. Slightly sketchy area, but all part of the charm. Absolutely the best place to go after the bars close, as it closes at 3AM and a supreme burrito satisfies those drunken craving sooo well.
Best salsa verde ever.
this has to be one of the dodge-y-est taquerias in town. last time i went stopped by there was dead guy next to the BART elevator. no joke. but i love it.my philosophy is that the dodge-y-ier the the clientele, the louder the music and the tackier the decor, the better the taco... with that in mind, el farolito might take the cake. i still haven't had a taco or a burrito at el farolito, but i L-O-V-E the nachos. for 6 bucks and change you and a friend can get a huge heaping plate of vegetarian nachos and two horchatas and be stuffed for the rest of the day. my friend and i split the nachos for brunch the other day and i wasn't hungry till dinner. now that's a bargain.
the only thing better than the cheap, delicious food that is available really late, is that if you're there on a good night, you may just catch a fight between some drunk fuckers getting all crazy!nothing like dinner AND entertainment for under $6.did i mention it is like MUNI.you sometimes wonder if it is ever cleaned...
veggie burritos or nachos,YES!also, the salsa is divineand the corn quesadillaoften filled to the brimso grab your burritoand tuck inwithout worrying about personal space or intoxicationwatch out for the bar next doorapparently you get the worm there!!!
This taqueria is a pantheon to the late night taco gods.
This place is great.
Late night. Avocado slices in burrito. Avocado salsa. This place kills it.
Whatever you decide to have, it's all good. Light appetite? Try the tacos. I'm all about the Chorizo tacos. Need something substantial that'll hit the spot? Go for the super burrito with carne asada, refried beans & hot salsa. When it's done well, the tortilla is nice & crisp while the carne asada provides an occasional crunch of grilled meat. The creamy blend of rice, avocado, sour cream, refried beans and tangy, spicy salsa completes the circus of flavors. If devouring a burrito is too daunting for you, I would suggest the Quesadilla Suiza Superrrrrrr... Same delicious combo of rice, avocado, sour cream, refried beans and your choice of meat in a crispy, melted cheese wrap. Don't miss the strawberry or cantaluope aguas fresca to wash it all down. And the fun doesn't stop there, because everything is priced just right. 2 words: Mmmm-mmmm-mmmmmm! Okay, 3 words :)
I'm here every tuesday night after basketball. After hustling up and down the court, I don't mind loading up on the calories. The food here is fantastic. Even better when intoxicated. The only problem is that it can get a little shady in there. Please excuse the crackheads and ruffnecks. It's the prototypical hole in da wall. The food is worth it though. It's so good, I brought my GF here.....in the daytime.
I agree with Christina and Jaime that these burritos are GI-NORMOUS! One burrito equals three full meals for me. Conveniently located right next to the Bart station so the alluring smell and sight of piles of chopped up meat in the window is often times tempting. Strangely, though, I've found that my burritos are much better when I'm with my friend who orders them in spanish. Racist? Perhaps, so bring a spanish-speaking person with you.
El farolito has saved my broke-ass plenty of times from going hungry. Yes it's not the cleanest, but damnit it's open really late, it's cheap and quick. Where else could you buy the super quesadilla suiza with salsa verde and a side of beer at 3 am in the morning? The burritos are not my favorite, they tend to be dry, and heavy on the rice. But I do love their carne asada tortas, their quesadillas,tacos and nachos are also great. If you don't want beer with your meal, no problem, just order an agua fresca (melon or fresa) instead. My only question is how does a place get a health score of 100, when clearly it's somewhere below that? oh well, it's good cheap food nonetheless.
This place is really good in a dirty sort of way. I think the only reason I didn't give it five stars is because everyone says it's the best mexican food in the mission and I think that's a lot of hype to live up to. Then again, I don't know what's better, so..
Hipster shimpster...call it what it what you want this place is the joint! Al Pastor tacos(my fav) and Shrimp Carne Asada quesadilla off the hizzy! Good salsa's & great after a nite of debauchery. Oh... and SD has nothing on SF w/ Mexican food by the way . I lived there for 3 years....and found nothin but garbage. LA ain't got *%&! either. Here's to you dirty taco place. me love you long time!
I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food. But really, this place is a real deal. It's cheap and generous in portion. We ordered super burrito with marinated pork, and a single taco with carnitas. Ohhhhhh, they were awesome. The re was a line though, so prepare to wait.
I had THE MOST amazing quesadilla in my life here. The super quesadilla suiza w/ carne asada caused me to make inappropriate moaning sounds the entire time I was eating it. Good thing it was crowded in there so the only person who could hear me was my BF. We got there at 645 and there was already a line to the door. By the time we left the line was outside wrapping around el farolito. I can see why...I bet everyone was coming for the quesadilla suiza.
Born and Raised in SF, and yes this is still my favorite burrito spot, and the price is right!Brought one all the way to the Brooklyn to one of my best friends! Late night, their open.
This place is REALLY good!  When I go to Mexican restaurants to get a burrito I usually expect it to be.. just.. a burrito.. good, but not GREAT.. this was actually pretty delicious. It's also a nice place because the people there are really friendly. They smile and they cook right in front of you. They are very professional, and the guy frying the meat and tortillas does cool tricks while he's cooking. Anyways, I haven't had a burrito this good for a long time.. I'll definitely be going back there soon.. I've been to a few places in the Mission and this one is definitely one of the better restaurants out there.
Superb burritos! This taqueria is no frills - divey and crowded as every self-respecting authentic taqueria should be. I had a vegetarian super burrito: black beans, cheese, rice, avocado, cilantro, tomato, and onions tightly wrapped in a soft flour tortilla. Awesome.
Call me a taqueria snob but this place was great but not awesome. First of all what's up with the chips, funky ass tostitos!?! It would be great if they fried their own or something cause the stale stuff is not cool. Also the huge no no for me, the crispy taco! WTF? Its made with a funky old taco shell! Like taco bell... At other taqueria's its typically a regular corn tortilla grilled crisp. Aside from that I can still give it 4 stars because of the self serve salsa, the pico de gallo and green sauce rock.. I also loved the carnitas tostada I had, that thing was piled high with meat, beans, avocado and lettuce. Also the carne asada in the funky taco was very tasty. I guess now I know better and will order tacos and quesadillas here but not the 'crispy' taco. This place is right outside of the BART exit so very easy to get to from downtown. I probably wouldn't be so willing at night because it is a pretty sketchy area.
This place is the only place I've been where you can get shrimp AND intestine in the same burrito. Enough said.
i hate to write reviews for something that has so many good reviews already. there's nothing i could say about el farolito that hasn't already been said.a million thanks to el farolito for all those gassy (and hung over) morning afters.
Five stars for the food, prices, and hours, minus two for for the clientele. Ladies, you've got to get over the touchy-feely drunks and aggressive homeless people, though I never did. Still, great burrito!
only the universes best taqueria ever.... no really i looked.
Probably the best burrito place in the city. Cheap good food thats open pretty late. Only down side is there's always a long line...
Hands down one of the best Mexican Food places.....Everytime i come up to SF...i make it a point to come here. I discovered it when i used to live up there.....and its stayed with me ever since........if your ever super hungry after drinking and partying all night.........this is your place!
I recently moved to California from abroad and honestly didn't care too much for Mexican food. I am now a convert. Their super quesadilla is to die for. My hubby, who's from the Bay Area says it's the best quesadilla he's ever had.
Your drunk or getting there. Your in San Francisco. You got the muchies and it's late. You want something quick and good. You choose El Farolito. You get there but there's a long line. You wanna kick someone. You are hungry. You need food now. What do you do? You wait. Why wait? It's 2am and you have no where else to go. Why wait? It's 2am and these burritos are so friggin good. Are you kidding me? Why are you open so late? I hate you guys for being open so late. The only reason I'm unable to lose any weight on Fridays or Saturdays is if I end up here after a night of drinking. The burritos are made better than anywhere else in the mission. The fact that they are located in the mission district makes them even more tastier. You end up thinking it's authentic real mexican food. HAHAHA! dont' get me wrong. I'm only laughing becuase most people just don't know the truth. They think burritos are from Mexico but they are WRONG! It's something that was created here in California. If you go to Mexico they will laugh at your foolish request cause they don't know what the heck your talking about. Well that is unless you are in some tourist trap area (instead they'll be laughing at how much they can price gouge foolish Americans...sorry didn't mean to offend anyone....jsut saying we are fools sometimes!). Anywyas I always do this running away from the actual subject. Just visit this place for they offer a good late night burrito. The only downfall is getting a stomache ache right after because its happened to me on more than one occasion. IT'S ALL WORTH IT THOUGH! Sometimes you just gotta pay a price to enjoy the finer things in life. RIGHT?
Hands down the best taqueria in the city. Everything is good here but the carne asada is amazing. The quesadilla suiza is a must have for you carnivores. And with super burritos at under $5 and staying open till 3am, this place is tough to beat. I'm getting hungry right now just writing this review.
So delicious! One burrito could last me at least 2 meals. Not only is the food good it's always an entertaining experience to go here after the bars. Once two groups of guys got into a fight... fists and blood flying everywhere. Everyone was shielding their burritos/quesadillas from the blood splatter. Oh man, I woulda been so pissed if my food got wasted.
Usually places like these need two rating systems: a drunk rating and a sober rating. Having been here sober (while my friends were drunk), I heartily endorse this place. The super burrito was great. They definitely did not skimp out on the Al Pastor. My friends got the Carne Asada, they definitely piled it on there. The sliced avocado is also a nice (and welcomed) touch. Being the gluttons that we are, we also shared a Carne Asada Super Nacho to compliment the burrito. Comparing the two meats, I would say I made the right choice in getting Al Pastor, though the Carne Asada was still delicious as well. The portions are huge and the prices really cheap. Did I mention this place is open til 4 am? It's a miracle that there's food at 4 AM, let alone really good food. Either way, I don't think the time matters, you'll still enjoy a hearty, well-made burrito (though if you're starving at 3:30 AM, I really can't recommend a better place than this)
very good burrito! they also have cheap tacos, but the taco is tiny. they also have a $10 shrimp and meat burrito with special sauce that was also very tasty. luuuv it.
I try to get here every time I visit San Francisco. A cheap, huge, delicious artery-clogging burrito, just as god intended. Sure the atmosphere is tacky and dirty, but that's not why you're here.
i've been to a lot of really great taquerias throughout the bay area but i have to say that el farolito has the best carne asada super quesadilla suiza...by far. i love that they warm up the tortilla so it's a little crispy on the outside, and the meat is always super tender and full of flavor, and you get a piece of fresh avocado in every bite. i've never had a quesadilla melt in my mouth until my sister introduced me to this whole in the wall circa 2000. it was a moment i will never forget. couple that with a corona or a strawberry fresca and you're good to go.
This place gets some rave reviews but I think it's a bit overrated, like many places in SF. I tried their tacos: al pastor, chorizo, and carne asada. The tortillas were not very good, the salsas were just ok, and the meats were salty and too dry. They do give you a crapload of food, but I'd rather have freshness and flavor over quantity. My girlfriend had the quesadilla suiza and I think that was better but nothing to rave about.
SACRILEGE! A burrito is a burrito is a burrito?El Farolito is a stand-out among Mission taquarias. There are three things that make El Farolito great, in my opinion: (1) they use large chunks of avocado, as opposed to guacomole; (2) their fresh, spicy-as-hell, tasty salsa; and (3) they grill the burrito a little after rolling it, so it has the crisp on the outside, mushy on the inside, quality of a good quesadilla or other grilled cheese-type experience. I can also say good things about their beans and their prices.
im sure there isnt anything i can say that hasn't been said before. but i must remind anyone and everyone that if you need emergency food latenight this is the place to go. its cheap and you get your food pretty quick. the burritos are decent and the tacos are delicious. anyone who goes out in the city has probably had to hit this place up once or twice. the place is notorious.
One of the best! I love their burritos--big and everything you could possible want--beef, sour cream, guacamole, salsa, beans, rice! This is the hotness, son! Come when you are hungry because you are going to want to eat the whole thing! Mouth watering goodness!
I love this place. As much as I hate wasting calories, I am willing to forego a second meal, so that I can get a super burrito from this place. I live in the freakin' Marina and I'm willing to brave public transit there and back 2+ times a week. Ha ha. How's that for dedication?
I have to agree that this is the grimiest & scariest taqueria I've visited in this city. And definitely don't stray from the burrito... enchiladas covered in gross red sauce don't settle well. Wouldn't even go back if I was blacked-out drunk and starving... well, maybe... but I would NOT enjoy it.
Best burritos in SF. Hands down. note: some people like Cancun better. note: I heard the El Farolito in the Fruitvale district (Oakland) leaves much to be desired. I'm actually starting to think that there is a Burrito Cartel in the City because so many places have the exact same menu - down to the lettering. However, El Farolito out-scores everyone else by a long shot because of the super-loaded Super Veggie Burrito. I'm not vegetarian, but this burrito would make even the surliest carnitarian's knees quiver due to it's overwhelming size, flavor and overall awesomeness. Keep in mind that it's in the Mission and it's a real SF burrito shop - not a "restaurant."
Super veggie burrito with black beans! Big chunks of avocado! Melty cheese and tons of the green salsa! Oh yeah!! All the way!
I go to the Farolito in the Excelsior District and when you have that craving for burritos at 2pm or 2am, go here. Must have their shrimp burritos(although cost a bit more than a regular burrito) and steak suizas. Seating does not look all that great but what you expect from a burrito place especially one that opens until three in the morning. But if your really picky about experience in restaurants, I suggest to take it to go. Other than that, this place is the number one option to go when I have that craving for burritos and suizas.
My first real SF burritto, what a treat.I walk in, first thing I see is some men slaving over a hot griddle cooking up massive amounts of steak. The music suddenly kicks on and I am all off a sudden in Mexico. Hipsters, spanish people, hippies, gays, and everything in between in this place. The burrito's are the best I have had in the city, they have a salsa bar, chips are great, everything about this place is great. The tables are dirty and they sell sangria in a 20oz. bottle.
Not as clean as you might like, but great burritos.
This remains the place to go for the salsa de tomatillo y aguacate. Has the best super nachos, and super quesadilla suizas, and the cheapest fresh drinks (fresas, horchatas, etc. for only $1.) When the line is out the door, I'm forced to head elsewhere sometimes. (The line is shorter at the one nearby on 24th Street.) There is also one in Fruitvale in Oakland, and they're all nearly identically great. Minus a star for the fact that the salsas are self-serve, and thus unhygienic.
If you are looking for a great Mexican experience in Mission, this is the place. We ordered 4 different things, and all of them were fantastic! Highly recommended.
No doubt about it....this is one of my favorite burrito spots...lil crusty in the inside but yO ...bomb burittos and horchata...tacos are pretty good...Super suiza...wow !!!
Once upon a time two years ago, it was 2 AM and I was at a house party. I had mingled, drunken (drinken? drank??) and was good for the night. But I knew I had no food at home. So someone told me about El Farolito, and I made the 5 block trek with a visiting Belgian girl I had just met, and it was awesome. Some drunk homeless guy with a hat that looked like a pair of breasts (this wasn't just my interpretation, they were rubber boobs made into a hat) kept harassing me about my opinion on the Scott Peterson case. But shit, the quesadilla suiza is BOMB!!! Wow. and it's a fun late-night environment. ParTAY in El Farolito! And their horchata is ONE dollar!
um, yeah. i actually went to el farolito twice, because after eating here once, i was convinced i was at the wrong place, given that the burrito i had was just not good, and so many yelpers rave about them. come on. the only possible explanation can be that its open til the wee hours of the morning, and yes, when wasted, mexican food (even crappy mexican food) tastes good. this place doesn't even come close to la taqueria. not. even. close.
i dont like mexican food but i got a burrito here late night saturday and it was sooo goood! they put big chunks of fresh cold avocado in the burrito instead of guacamole and it made a huge difference. the sour cream they have is good too..i hear they also have freshed strawberry juice. ill have to try that next time. i hope it this place tastes as good when im sober! =P i must have for after partying and great cause they open late!
As the endless San Francisco burrito debate rages on, my allegiences lie with the El Farolito. Translated to English, El Farolito means "the little lighthouse." I have no idea what that has to do with making burritos, but damn, said burritos are tasty. My burrito meat of choice is al pastor, and make it a super, please. Many a post-blowout hangover has been staved off by a late-night visit to the Lito. As an added bonus, if you visit the Mission St. branch you are only a stones throw from the Jack M.'s house. I'm sure The Doctor wouldn't mind if a fellow Yelper stopped by to see if he was "in". However, beware, he may be zooming about the city in his race car, or terrorizing poor inhabitants of the Marina.
Even for a Vegan, it was awesome. I ordered a burrito with only rice, whole beans, salsa, & jalapenos, and it was GIGANTIC. I'm gonna duplicate my review of the sister restaurant in South City by saying that STEAMING the tortillas is crucial to a good burrito, and praise Jesus, they have a steamer. The pineapple agua fresca might have been the best I've ever had, plus free chips & salsa make me a happy lady. And not only is it delicious, but it's totally cheap. I want to go back today.
I know this place doesn't really need any more 5-star reviews, but had to chime in after a great meal today. Excellent regular burrito, for a reasonable price.
in my opinion the tastiest burritos, quesadilla suizas, tortas, and tacos (minus the taco trucks) around!and the salsa verde is yummie toofriendly people, cheap, and super portions!it's the only unhygienic place i'll eat at...
Love me the Quesadilla Suiza from El Farolito. Try it with Chorizo - there is so much grease it is almost a Quesdailla-Suiza Soup!
This is my favorite cheap eats in SF. VERY inexpensive, and open til 4am, you can always count on it! The ingredients they use (the chicken, the carnitas) are excellent -- not the shwag gristle you find at some cheap places -- and they've even got FRESH SQUEEZED carrot juice and OJ in addition to the authentic Mexican aguas naturales like horchata and strawberry water. If the late night crowd is too scary for you (it can get pretty sketch at times), then head to their other branch just down the street on 24th near Harrison.
Yum Yum Yum. My favorite mission burrito. Super spicy salsa. HUGE burrito, The line moves fast and the booths are always dirty. Thats a good sign. Crazy scummy place keeps the snobs out. $5 for a super burrito, $5 DOLLARS. Loaded with avocado, and all the other burrito goodies. I don't need no stinkin' can-cun.
"preciousssss"... must have the precious.
Gosh darn delicious tortas for 5 bucks. And the nachos are definitely worth it.... my mouth is seriously watering and I'm not even hungry.
Two *pounds* of avocado-slathered nachos and a super burrito for $9? A 2-block walk and your arm is sore, and shit, you have lunch and maybe dinner the next day. The only word for that is "tits".
Definitely worth five stars especially when you take price into the consideration.
Ok been here many times both drunk and sober. (yes they are open super late to help u get some grub in yourself) I figured it's time to give them the props they deserve. The food here is the bomb. If your into Mexican food or even if your not i think this may change your mind. My favorite here is SUPER. QUESADILLA SUIZA. cheesey greasy goodness, You can share it and still be satisfied because its huge or if your hungry eat it all. I've also tried the shrimp burrito which had plenty of shrimp in it and was so tasty. Place gets packed late night early morning but is so worth the wait. Large portions very reasonable pricing and every thing is cooked to order not like other burrito joints that just got stuff sitting around waiting to be put into a tortilla. This place is very addictive and even you don't live around there you will make the trek like my friends that come down from SJ do haha.
Pretty much the best quesdillas i ever had in my life. And the horchta is legit. its not milk based its rice based.
Nothing says drinkin' food like a burrito...so easy and cheap. This place is super yummy and cheap! I had a great chicken burrito which was the perfect thing after a few drinks in the mission. Totally worth your time if you're looking for food in the area!
I hate mexican food but I have to say this place is very good. Everything is fresh because of the turn-over and the scene is very interesting.
Sure, it's the only place to feed your face after 10PM in the Mission/24th Street area, but the burritos are actually quite tasty. There is a bit of dinner theater too -- you'll probably see a drunk guy passed out in his tacos, or some other shenanigan that will make you fall in love with the neighborhood all over again. (Note: this place is not for people who think the Mission is scary, sketchy, grimy, or shady.)
This is the best, most authentic Mexican food you'll ever get...unless, of course, you're in Mexico. It's fresh, flavorful, delicious, I could go on and on about my fave, the Veggie Burrito. Added bonus, they're open after the bars close. Do it.
drove from the richmond district every sunday for years to get a burrito from them. first meal in SF when i returned from a year of travel. got their green salsa for my bachelor party. one of my last meals when i moved out of SF.
sweet holy sonofabitch, these are the biggest $1.95 tacos I ever did see. quarter pound of meat, easy. tasty to boot! i fail to see how this is not the best deal in late night feasting in all of the mission, and possibly beyond. FEASTING.
Is it true that you cannot get great Mexican food outside the Mission? I don't know, but I can tell you that if you like Mexican food then this is your place. Great vegetarian burritos and guacamole. Soooo good.
The burritos were eh. Beer is very cheap.
Torta was sooo good. I haven't tried the other stuff but will try their super burrito soon. chips aren't free here, they add on 50 cents to your order for them. The horchata however is ridiculously good and only a dollar. this place gets pretty packed though and seating is limited, so come on off hours.
im heading back to socal in about 9 hours. i havent really been back since the summer (almost 6 months). shit yes i will be shoveling tacos down my throat while i can down there.when i jones for mexican in san francisco i come to the farolito. why? because i have nothing better to do then to starve in a long line on a brisk (read: cold as f*!) san francisco night waiting for a F*ing burrito.up here, its more about huge burritos then tacos like down south, but actually at farolitos, its all about the super quesedilla suiza. its like a quesadilla wrapped almost like a burrito but without rice or beans... beacuse really... F* them. the carne asada here is better then most dingy taquerias but im a carnitas man myself. seating space wouldnt be too much of a problem if the place werent so F*ing busy all the time and to get into the bathroom you gotta get the guy to buzz you in. which guy? i dont know... the one by the buzzer. the jukebox is filled with nothing but (to me) unintelligable spanish music (the real shit not that wannabe pop shit the kids listen to) and kicks ass!
my favorite mexican restaurant. my favorite strawberry agua fresca. my favorite late night treat. my favorite place to have awkward conversations with my significant other.
i wont complain about their food which is not bad. but they've got me and my friends really pissed off last time. we paid and waited on the table for our orders that never came. when we tried to complain they simply sad we didn't pay. the place was busy i understand, but the guy wouldn't even listen to me after i nicely asked him to just listen to me. in two years of san francisco i have never seen anything like this. we just walked out the place hungry and eat something else at home. that was just ridiculous and i will never come back there.
found this place here on yelp which is why i signed up so i could add a few words. my second visit to san francisco with my wife and son has been great. we walked through the mission district today and decided to stop at el farolito based on some great reviews i had read. we decided to split a mexican sandwich so we could sample more food further along our walk. it was delicious. had the marinated pork and some tortillas and salsa. simple and wonderful. we have had a lot of good food on our trip but this was particularly memorable because we were hungry and it was a nice break on a long walk.
Great tacos and tostada de ceviche, but their other offerings leave something to be desired. nachos are greasy and pretty heavy. pretty busy given it's prime location at 24th and mission bart. overall, it's fine, but i'm not sure it's better than a lot of other taquerias in the mission.
5 stars. this isnt even a question.at just about 11 am lyndsey b and i hopped on the the civic center bart and headed to the 24th street mission station. (+: this place is located about 50 feet from the stairs). we walked into the restaurant and quickly looked over the menu (sort of how you give the eye to that attractive person across the bar--look her/him up and down, immediately approve of what you see, and make a move). well we made a move. we moved for a carne asada super burrito and a super quesadilla suiza. we got some chips and a soda.grand total: 13 bucks. (whaaaaat? really? thats it? huge +: this place is extraordinarily cheap.)we sat down. started to dig into the chips. not the best but crunchy and salty and the salsas were really good. my favorite was the salsa verde (but what else is new?). our number got called and my mouth immediately began to salivate. got our food. HOLY SHIT. the burrito was the size of a new born child and the quesadilla could have served as a table cloth. (i remind you: 13 bucks). i mean seriously. i have heard of large portions but this was ridic. we split the meals because we each wanted to try both. the quesadilla was absolutely amazing. oozing cheese and sour cream. big chunks of steak that were tender and tasty. fresh double layered tortillas that provided a perfect crust-like crisp. the burrito was great as well. (and this is coming from someone who does not generally like beans and rice in the burrito shell). but this burrito was different. it was mixed perfectly-to where you can bite in and get a fair amount of each ingredient in each bite. it was not as good as the best socal burritos (imho) but nevertheless, this was the best burrito i have had in the bay area. (oh yeah, did i mention it was HUGE!?).so we both finished the quesadilla and had a huge amount of our burritos left. (enough for another meal, actually). decided to take them to go. we hopped back on the bart and arrived at the civic center. walked back to my apartment to drop the food off. i checked the clock: noon. (i had to do a double take. did that really all take place in the span of an hour?) i started to feel dizzy. catatonia was slowly creeping in. what was this feeling? why did i suddenly have the urge to sleep for 3 days? how was i this full? what the hell just happened to me?i will tell you what happened to me: i was roofied, raped and impregnated with a love child. a super quesadilla suiza love child. and im keeping it.el farolito i will be back.
Hands down THE best burrito in the Mission. Cancun is a close second, but you can't go wrong with the good old El Farolito and the painting of roasting meat in the background. It's all about the Super Veggie w/o Sour Cream. It's open till like 3 or 4 in the morning and I think only closes for a couple of hours. Awesome salsa, great burritos, drugged out cooks, dirty dirty bathrooms, what more can you ask for in a burrito joint?
The carne asada super burrito at 3:30 am is the best thing to ever cross your inhebriated lips. CanCun was my number one but they got too popular with the out-of-districters and Farolito is still rife with locals because the kids who don't live in the Mission are too afraid to wander down to 24th late at night. Farolito is just the way I like it, dirty and delicious.
I have to say that this mission staple seems a little dirty. Not too much time goes into their food. Definitely not vegan friendly, but nice people and authentic atmosphere.
The Super Burrito with carne asada is good enough for me to frequent this place. They use fresh condiments which make a difference you can taste. The use of avocado slices instead of guacamole is a plus. The only downsides are that chips aren't free and there's a long wait to order when I go.
Oh-my-scrumptious-nacho, Batman. This is, hands down, the best taqueria I've been to in SF. I am originally from the land-of-many-taco-joints. Good ones. So I know good greasy Mexican food when I see it. And when I close my eyes to dream at night, El Far is all I see.
got a beef brain/beef tongue burrito...dang it was off the heezy
Delicious carne asada burrito slathered in that perfect salsa verde. Oh, how happy I am when I eat here. I haven't decided whether El Farolito is my favorite taqueria, but it's definitely in the top three.
best hole in the wall in the city. for insomniacs this is heaven. cheap food that's open late. they have the best burritos in the city. best quesadillas in the city (make sure you get the suiza) and best of all, they open till 3 in the morning fri-sat. and that's not all, its conveniently located on top the 24th street bart station.
great dive call me simple but this is what mex food is about
2:15AM. Slight buzz. Super quesadilla suiza con carne asada. Tomatillo salsa. Yapping with friends about the evening's hijinks. Heaven. 'Nuff said.
what happened:the fragrant smell of grilled meats wafts through the air down the street.  the scent dances and mixes with the melange of other smells that permeate the mission at 11 pm on any and every given night - restaurants jockeying for attention, trash that's been left out on the street for weeks, the exhaust of cars whizzing by, searching for that elusive rock star parking spot. this, to me, is quite literally the essence of the mission. a beckoning as visceral and primal as life itself tugs at my sleeve. i cannot resist. i walk into el farolito and review the menu: carne asada, carnitas, al pastor - words that are at once familiar and alien to this california native. i decide on a super sueza and watch as the sure-handed quick order cook behind the counter makes my order. juicy, tender meat, large slices of avocado, wrapped in a flour tortilla that is grilled to perfection, with a little charring that makes the tortilla slightly crispy and flaky and prevents it from becoming soggy and overwhelmed by the juices inside. and then i reflect -- we are truly fortunate to live in the bay area, a place where we have access to this and a hundred other types of food every single day. and then they call my number, score. what really happened:holyy shiit i'm hungry! thers el farolito! yes! quesadillas are awesome!! high fivv! anyonoe?? ashoole... i thinnkn i druank too muchh. shoulnaa had that mickckey's, malt liqur, wat wasss i thinging. gottapeegottapeegottapee. oh shoot, chheeeeessseeee!! i llooooovvvveeeecheeeesseee! al paswha? whazzat? whatevs, quesadilla con meat por favor my good man! me n chheese, sitting ni a tree. K-I-S-S-I... HEY! gett that clown outtta here! this iss my quessadillaa, not for youu, stupid clown. i tol you befor, stolp followingi me! whaat? kill them allll? no, i caaan't do tthat! really?? no, killins wrong. wrongwrong wrong. that iss true... thass a good point yor make sirr. you'r right, bitch hass been eyeieing my food. how manny virginsss? they'lll do what?? to easch other? awesome... are yoi sure? you'rwe rigjt, thas the only way. they must pay. they mus tpay and it is i who must make them pay! i will smite them dowm withh my hand of rihghteousnesss!! now i am beccom death, destroyer of wor... oh wait they juss called my nummer, score.
I don't know what the big deal about this place is all about...I mean the burrito was ok...it was big enough and it was tasty enough, but I've actually have had better burritos in my lifetime...also, the chips and salsa were just ehhh!!! Although it wasn't the worst and not the best I give it 3 stars for above average, which is just about right to describe the flavor of this place.
Fuckin' killer carne asada super burrito...no stupid rice...really what's the point of shitty rice in a burrito anyway?
i feel kind of like i'm missing the joke here. i've read about how amazing el farolito is and now i've been there twice, just to give it a fair chance, and i just don't get it. yes, i am a vegetarian and i didn't get to try the brains or the tongue or the head of a cow, so maybe that's what makes this place special (although my husband, an avid carne asada aficionado, doesn't understand the fervor either). yes, i really and truly appreciate vegan beans and rice--it's really hard to find, especially in the mission. plus i have to agree the salsa verde is incredible. but i guess i'm just spoiled with papalotes, because i didn't see anything that special about this place. standing in line was okay, and even sitting at a filthy table next to the bathroom didn't bother me. i just can't find a reason to come back when there are two papalotes locations in the city. sorry!
...so El Farolito is my second favorite mexican joint. the best in SF for certain. open late, maybe 24 hr not sure...but the super anything is good probably feed 2. I had their tacos for the first time and they were standard. The burritos are great, the nachos are amazing! Yeah I know, you think- chips cheese salsa- great. I can make that in my living room., but noooo...their avo and seasoned toppings are marvelous. you won't be disappointed. it's where the after bars & after club goers reunite later in the night.
I love a superveggie burrito. Cheap, fills me up bigtime. Sometimes I'll save half for dinner or lunch (ok, even breakfast) the next day.
After hearing even a vegetarian friend proclaim this as the best mexican in town, I finally made the trek over to the mission. My motto with mexican food is the ghetto-er the better, and this place was living up to that upon entering. And did I read that right? $1.95 for tacos?? Hell yes, I'll take 3. 2 carne asada and 1 al pastor. My mistake right there was not making it all 3 al pastor. I bit into the first carne asada taco and was slightly disappointed that it tasted like pretty much every other good taqueria in the mission, which isn't hard to find - it's the friggin mission. I figured I had just set my hopes up too high for my little friend el farolito, but lo and behold, once I bit into the al pastor taco, I was in absolute taco eating bliss. Amazing flavor in that meat, I could really taste the pork.  I willed my last taco to turn from carne asada to al pastor. It ranked right up there with the al pastor taco I had in TJ. (Note my mexican food scale above.) Next time I'm trying out the carnitas, I hear that was another bad choice on my part, ignoring el farolito carnitas based on my hatred of chipotle carnitas. Super plus, they have horchata!!! and that deliciously spicy pickled jalapeno carrot medley in the salsa bar. I wish there was just some plain old pico de gallo in there, since I wasn't really a fan of any of the salsas. My boyfriend really liked the green salsa, but I felt it was a little bland. And my picky side wishes there were lime wedges for my tacos. But all in all, I left full and happy.
A good spot if you're out late and starting to feel that "I didn't really have much to eat before we went out dancing" feeling. The most memorable thing about this place was the clientele... and I remember wishing I'd gotten the nachoes instead of the burrito I purchased. I remember being a little sketchy about how clean the place was.
Hot damn, El Farolito is the truth. I've enjoyed my share of good burritos in the city, but I cannot find a better Carne Asada burrito then at this humble abode. Bonus points: being open late, excellent aguas fresca's, swapping the beans for extra avacado (with no charge!!!), and coincidentally the best value for your money.. $5 for a super burrito?! Done deal.
I'm not sure if how sanitary this place is, but I love their food, the music's awesome, and the guy at the cash register is great.
After 15 years and countless hours of research -- El Farolito is still my favorite veggie burrito in the city. Can't beat the price and I love the green salsa...
Oh El Farolito how I love thee late night burritos y tacos after a night of drinking. Your salsa bar is divine and lets me take as much salsa goodness as I need (a lot). I love you even though you forgot to put cheese on my quesadilla; it was still delicious.
On many a hurried journey to the 24th St. BART station, This taqueria I have passed endlessly --- perhaps I thought it looked average or un-appealing. Please do not miss this taqueria. The food is muy autentico --- the salsa, the carne asada --- brilliantly cooked small and easy-to-chew pieces. I avoid carne asada at most taqueira because I don't have the mouth to chew large and often un-chewable portions. These small easy-to-eat pieces of meat are brilliant for grilling---the flavour infused by the grilling goes a long way for making this essential dish fantastico.  This is a taqueria of simplicity so you will not see anything but a very simple menu---and part of that autentico you will see Seso (beef brain) on the menu. But take this for the simple authentic Mexican approach to a tanqueria and leave well satisfied by such a commitment to great quality. I go at least 3-4 times a month.Buen Provecho!
come here for the yummy nachos. They are very generous with their portions and it's excellent. A popular spot to hit after you gone to the clubs. The food is good to very good but I wouldn't call it great. Get's an extra star because it's open late.
My favorite burrito in the Bay Area. The carne asada super burrito is outstanding - it includes giant chunks of avocado and the steak is tender and perfectly charred.
yup, it is actually as good sober as it is drubunk. nice and sloppy.
good cheap burritos and tacos, excellent salsa verde, nice and spicy. right off the bart. get buzzed into the graffiti-fied bathroom to make your experience memorable; they should lift it out and put it in a museum.high turnover should keep you from your doubts about the bathroom restaurant relationship from coming true.
This place is pretty good. The burritos are gi-normous but I've had better at other taquerias in the Mission. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is a bit digny, but then again it is right next to the Bart station.
I mean, it seems redundant to say this, but this is by far the best taqueria. Anyone who thinks otherwise I automatically put into "that" category of people...ohh its too dirty.....ohhhh its sketchy....ohh are these beans made with lard....WHATEVER! The carne adsada quesadillo is out of this world. I live right around the corner and the smell of steak cooking at all hours of the day is enough to drive me mad- I know I can't eat it all the time- but I want to. But actually I prefer the veggie burritos here (with re-fried beans) and usually go the veggie/bean option on all items- also recomend the cheese enchilladas & carne asada or bean tortas. Just last week my husband discovered the chille relleno burrito. I couldn't believe my good luck- chille relleno burrito?! I got one though and was not too impressed- but it may have been me, I was huritng from the night before and maybe ate the chille relleno burrito a little too quick- I think it deserves another shot.
open late.excellent greasy steak nachos.haven't tried anything else here but will if i have a late-night craving. if i have a daytime craving i'll probably spend my money on something closer.
The beauty of El Farolito are the hours, after a night of serious drinking, you can always count on going to El Faro for a non-healthy dosage of greezy quesadillas, or enchiladas, or carnitas, or chorizo. They are open late, the food is good for fast food mexican, and they serve beer, just in case you need to sober up, but not right at that moment.
I don't know what it is with me and hole in the wall places in questionable neighborhoods. They do have kick-ass burritos though and whoever doesn't like the food here must be freakin' nuts.
I can't say enough good things about this place. Their refried beans are amazing, so is their steak. Don't miss the green salsa (no, it's not salsa verde). Having a burrito here makes my whole day better.
Such the perfect late night fattening, sobering spot to hit before heading home. I really do it to myself by indulging in super steak nachos (YUM) and super steak quesadilla, I think its the best i have ever had, EVER! This use to be a regular spot for me, but as i get older, cant do the late night grub no more. I also really like the tortas, super cheap and super good. I have to say i have stepped into this little slice of heaven during daylight hours, and it didn't quite do the trick. Definitely a late night spot.
The lighthouse's light is dim and intermittent, but can be counted on for occasional guidance as you careen towards the perilous rocks. One of the best late-night-ugly-drunk-stuffy-head-achy-chest pre-bed-spins-why-not-eat-it-now 'cause-it'll-be-tougher-to-wolf-down-when-you're severely-hung-over-in-a-couple-of-hours-why  on-earth did-I-think-I-needed-those-tequila-shots-at-last-call hey-she's-kinda-cute burrito joints in the city. I'd recommend you exercise a don't ask/don't tell policy with the bathrooms, however.
Let me start by saying I can't handle spicy food or onions -- I am a steak and potatoes kind of gal. However, I get a carne asada torta (hold the jalapenos) just about once a week at this place. It's delicious, my cat likes it when I give her little pieces of the meat, and it's cheap. Also, my friends like the food there, too. When you've had one beer too many and you want something greasy and tasty, this is the perfect place to go. My favorite Mexican restaurant in the city!
This is my favorite burrito spot outside of San Jose, definitely the best sf has to offer. I've been eating here for years & still haven't experienced a lack luster burrito. They use avocado instead of guacamole in their burritos- which makes me really happy, the portions are huge, and the line is quick enough & yes there is always a line. I wish they took cards, but there is a wamu across the street so it isn't terribly inconvenient. The prices are super cheap & their portions are giant. This place packs a lot of bang for your buck,...
This place serves very tasty food, and is open til 4am. Great for those drunken, judgment impaired mission nights. It's grubby to the point of novelty. There is a very spiritual looking painting of an al pastor pork spit in the back. You will like it. Everything is good and worth trying, especially the burritos and the tortas, but the main attraction is the Super Quesadilla Suiza. Cheese, steak, sour cream, avocado, salasa, fried crispy on a flour tortilla. This is food so wrong it's right. I love to take people to have a suiza and see that "where have you been all my life" look in their eyes as they take the first bites. From there, it's a downward spiral. Try the green sauce too.
One of the most filthy, dirty and magical spots in the Mission. It's always tastes better to enter El Farolito with a little alcohol in the bloodstream. The salsa verde is the trademark of this long time favorite. I suggest pouring it liberally on a Quesadilla Suiza preferably the Carne Asada! Nice, ouch nice, nice.
Best Burrito in the Mission. Hands down!
So I just wrote a scathing review of another taqueria in the mission and mentioned that I find it hard to believe that El Farolito is the best place, so I will naively go to these other places to prove my point to my friend who introduced me to El Farolito, and I am always proven wrong! I have not had a better burrito anywhere else! I don't know exactly what they do or how they do it, but their grilled chicken burritos are to die for. I'm sorry El Farolito for doubting you! I'll never eat at another Mexican food place again! Except for the other El Farolito on the other end of Mission street! Oh and your Horchata...also the best in town! and then the icing on the cake (or salsa on the taco) is that the prices are also the best and you get so much more food for so much less cash!
Best super burrito with grilled chicken I've ever had. I'm not sold on the super nachos tho. I've had better.
The el pastor here is quite nice, and the portions are huge. Frying up the tortillas in butter before hand doesn't hurt matters either. Plus El Farolito is open way late. Great spot.
After a heavy night of drinking, this is the place. You can't beat the prices and the late hours at this tasty taqueria . Everything is pretty good here, but for me the super nachos are the way to go. I enjoy the tacos and the burritos, but it is nothing to get too excited about. I do get very excited when I come here though. This is probably because I am starving and need to soak up some alcohol.
This is it. The BEST Mexican food in the city. Hell, the best Mexican food in the state! I used to live in Southern California so have had the best of the best but until I stumbled into El Farolito one night, I didn't know what I was missing. Everything I have had has been amazing. Their portions are generous and prices reasonable. The chicken quesadilla with the works is probably the best meal I have ever had. I paired it with a side of their green salsa (you have got to try it) and I was in heaven. I have to try a torta next time because they looked pretty darn good. You seriously have GOT to do yourself a favor and try El Farolito.
do yourself a favor next time you are at el farolito - break out of the burrito routine and order a torta. they are luscious and filled with real quesillo cheese, beans, meat, veggies, and avocado.while el farolito is the best i've found, it's still inconsistent. you never know when a piece of lengua will end up in your chicken, especially when it's busy. maybe try cancun, just down the street.
The best burritos in the city. Many people say Pancho Villa is superior, but they are fools, el faro rules. Also, next time your there notice the odd picture of shwarma in the back. Hilarious...
haha, totally drunk when we had this place but my boyfriend thinks their quesadilla sueza is SUPERB!
great drunk food!
Addiction doesn't even come close to describing my affinity for this place. I never eat a whole burrito, so once again it is 2 meals in one for me. Al pastor is the way to go...also the occasional carne asada. tacos are great. not everyone waiting in line will smell like roses or have the best attitude, but you can get in and out quick, and i enjoy the seedy elements of the mission on a day to day basis. viva 24th bart station.
Maybe it's the hours, or maybe it's the other stuff ... but the burrito isn't the best I've ever had. Oh, and I got steak (a significant amount of it) in my chicken burrito ... that sucked
kille r burritos.
Yummy cheap Mexican food. Inconsistent though and it's in a shady area.
This was the best thing about living at 24th and Mission. My parents don't even drop off their luggage before getting their quesadilla suiza and cebollitas here. I absolutely love this place - and this is the one burrito place that has never given me a stomach ache - sure, nearby places are fancier, but nothing tops Farolito's. FYI - this spot is much better than any other Farolito location.
Again, only been here when I'm drunk, and it always tastes amazing. But avoid the green sauce! Especially if you have more roommates than bathrooms at home!
Carnitas good here too, though quality has been going downhill. Enormous and cheap, though.
Count me among the believers. I'll take a carne asada super burrito. Cheap and delicious at any hour.
yes, the place is filthy. and yes, the clientele can be drunken and filthy as well.but i have dreams about the al pastor super burrito. it will call to me from across the city.especially if i've been drinking. late at night you can't find a better spot.
OMG.....I LOVE avocados! They put 1/2 of a creamy, ripe, buttery avocado in my veggie burrito!!! End of review.
I got an upset stomach here the first time I ate here...so next time I got something else and I was fine. Basically, know your limits.
So I went to San Francisco on a day trip and visited Chinatown's autumn festival. Tons of people, a myriad of food, a rare sunny, temperate and beautiful day in San Francisco. It have couldn't have been any better. After walking the crowded streets of Chinatown and sampling it's street fare, it was time for a filling meal. I had enough Chinese food, so I decided to sample the much raved about Mexican food on Mission Street. I decided to follow fellow Yelpers and go to El Farolito. From the menu I ordered the super suiza (quesidilla) and the regular burrito, both with carne asada. The super suiza was only OK at best and the burrito was just awful. The most prominent flavors in the super suiza was the sour cream and cheese. The carne asada was too flavorless to have an affect in the entire meal. The burrito was had a similar let down. Rice and beans overpowered the whole meal and the meat was also flavorless. I had high expectations of this place from the reviews posted. Maybe I've been too pampered by the Mexican food in San Diego, maybe the food was over-hyped. In the end, I did not enjoy the food.
The best burrito in the city (trust me...I know someone who did extensive research)! You won't be disappointed, and the price is definitely right! Get the boiled chicken...no matter how unsavory that sounds!
Still the best taqueria in San Francisco. Their tacos are the sh!t, and the Quesadilla Suiza amazing (and LARGE). The only thing I don't like there are their enchiladas - I don't know, the sauce tastes a little sweet to me. Otherwise, fantastic, authentic place - whether you're drunk, sober, or just really, really hungry.
These are the very best vegetarian burritos in the known universe. Huge and jam packed with delicious. I call them burrito crack. Their salsa is also insanely delicious; green and red. Oh damn I want some right now.
-2 stars! i ordered a super quesadilla suiza and they neglect to give me my sour cream and avocado. you jerks. good thing i was too hungry to care, or else! you better give me everything on it the next time i come back! haha, its still hard to stay away.
I fantasize about eating the best burrito in the universe. Al Pastor, yummy and crispy..Super Burrito..w/no onions, toasted tortilla w/melted cheese, big chunks of avocado...used to come here all the time after clubbing...too bad now that I'm older I can't indulge like I used too...I miss you El Farolito....
Good God, how I miss thee. Please open a Mountain View branch, STAT!
yes, it's all true. really good food at a really decent price. portions are generous-- my husband and i are good eaters, but we often split the super suiza quesadilla. all ingredients are fresh, and meats are grilled in front of you as you while away a few minutes in line. tortillas are fresh, warm and soft. beers are muy frias! and oddly enough, even when the line's long, and it looks packed, there always seems to be a table opening up in the back!
All other mexican restaurants....watch out! My wife and I went to Mexico for our honeymoon and the taco's there are still not as good as what El Farolito offers. The Shrimp and Carne Asada taco's are good. My wife loves the quesadilla suiza, and their burrito's will fill you up. Great prices and great food.
hella tasty burritos. Decen Salsa bar, they forgot to give me chips but I was super-full after my burrito anyways. Avocado instead of guacamole is always a plus.
I grew up in the mission so this is where you go for that well talked about Mission St. Burrito or my favorite Super Quesadilla! The price is cheap and you definitely get your fill........Their sister store up on Mission and Onandaga is even bigger in portions! This place is my spot for late night munching. To you who own the place....thanks but you could use an upgrade in paint and decor after all these years...
Chili relleno in a tasty burrito... what a damned fine idea!
this place is great just to people watch alone. nothing better than watching drunken 20-somethings devouring burritos, tacos, suizas, frantically drunk dialing and texting their booty calls at 2am... not to mention all the tweakers and crackheads roaming the dining room asking for leftovers or change. oh yeah but the food. probably the best carne asada burrito i've ever had. i can't wait to return to try the carnitas one day. i overheard someone refer to the place as "el fart-a-lottos", but personally (and fortunately) i found this to not be the case.
Still the best quesadillas I have ever eaten. I mean, I DREAM about these things! That's how good they are. The Best!!!
My favorite burrito in the entire world, Al pastor super burrito, everything please. Who cares about the decor, it's all about the food!
so excited that i finally got to experience el farolito. i went with a few people and everyone was raving, it was so good. i felt like picking, so i went for nachos (no beans or sour cream), and even with those the delectability was readily apparent - the cheese was real melty cheese, not nacho cheese, the salsa was excellent, the jalapenos added just enough kick, and there was sliced avocado, rather than the typical runny guac. dang, i just made myself hungry ...
two words... al pastor! this place is GREEEEEAT! open late, always a line out the door (good sign), fresh avocado, and in the mission! great hangout after the bars close! mmm... i'm getting hungry just writing about it!
I worked right across the street from El Farolito for over 5 years. During that time, I probably ate there, about 6 million times. OK, I might be a bit off on the math, but there were many days where I ate there twice. While I tried virtually every other Taqueria in the Mission, this is, by far, the best bang for the buck.
yumm!great sober or not! super bargain, always a line, and there's good reason for this!i always get the super burrito with carne asada. fan-fricken-tastic!get fresh (ish, perhaps, i mean, this clearly is a dive!) salsaand they have fresh OJ, and the bottled "mexican" cokes, my husband swears he can tell the difference!
here in the mission there are two camps of burrito lovers. there are those who adore cancun, and those who favor el farolito. i have always leaned toward to the cancun camp, but that said i have had many a gratifying drunken after hours burrito experience there. it's open super late on the weekends and as such, usually wins my business by default.
Hey all. This is my first ever yelp. I saw all these reviews and I just wanted to mention in case the owners read these posts that there is a cool San Francisco review about $5 burritos that mentions El Farolito. it's at associatedcontent.com/ar
Best burrito in SF.
My favorite burrito joint in SF -- there are some other good ones in the mission but you can't go wrong here. Possibly the best burrito I have ever eaten anywhere.
This place is the real deal. This is my go to place. Not really a sit down type family establishment. You get in line,grab your number, and stuff your face. Carne Asada Burrito is unreal....
Yes, El Farolito is a crap hole with food all over the floor and homeless dudes pilfering the salsa buckets and a nasty stench emanating from the bathroom in the back. Normally, this would mean the burritos are awesome, and the hipsters who pack this place at all hours certainly seem to like them. But you don't come here for the burritos; they're slightly above average at best. You come here to slum it up with other hipsters.
one of my favorite burrito joints in SF.i was born and raised in Salinas, which has a very high mexican population. i grew up eating my friends moms homemade tortillas and mexican food. i KNOW mexican food. so when i say this is one of my favorite burrito places in SF, you know its good ;) nice and fresh ingredients. big burritos. meats are always good, never have sketchy bits, and their carne asada is some of the best. great quesadillas.small place that can get packed, but well worth the trip if youre in the mission. for people who work in downtown SF like i do, just hop on the BART using your fast pass, get out at 24th/Mission and bam! youre right there. you can go out there, scarf down a delicious burrito, and be back at work in an hour flat. honest.dont forget to get a bottle of coke! this OG coke made with cane sugar is so much better than the regular canned stuff...
Go to El Farolito cause you just got out of the bar... and for no other reason. The food is okay but a little greasier than most... and most are f-ing greasy! But, grease does cut the alcohol level a bit and is a good primer for a night of coca.
dude. seriously. their super nachos with chicken is perhaps the greatest thing to ever happen to me in the mission, besides the time i found a pucci purse at mission thrift for $10. share with a friend or else you won't be able to finish. healthy portions of meat, cheese, avocado and salsa on top of a mountain of tortilla chips. artery-clogging, rib-sticking goodness that makes me wish i lived in the apts above it. my ass, however, thanks me for residing a bus-ride away.
long lines at night..but goes by fast. i seem to always order the same thing since the first time i went1. super nachos w/ carne asada2. carne asada super buritto - for my meal the next day3. carne asada quesadilla - like a buritto but w/ melted cheese and no rice and beans.everythign is good and i tend to crave this place alot
i only go here drunk at 2am and for that its always the best mexican i have ever had. sober not so much., but good , greasy, always entertaining in that line and i usually have a belly ache the next morning. yet i still go. and i still like it. its a guilty pleasure for sure.
With a friend visiting from out of town, I needed to make sure she had the most authentic, most delicious burrito I could provide. After debating which of the many mission options would hit the spot, Taqueria El Farolito won out, and we were on our way to burrito heaven. I think what really takes these burritos to the next level are the onion and cilantro, creating a flavor fiesta in your mouth. I got the super carne asada - the steak was tender and savory, the sour cream was cool and soothing when my mouth felt like it was on fire, the generous helping of avocado was perfectly ripe, and the tortilla certainly wasn't dried out. They also have a little salsa bar; I was a bit disappointed they didn't have a tomatillo salsa, which is my most recent food obsession, but the red salsas were quite good. (Also a minor downer - no complimentary tortilla chips.) They also have a vat of something that looks like pickled peppers. I knew my place and didn't even consider trying one of these obviously spicy little treats, but my friend, who was once paid $18 to eat a plate of jalapenos and likes to think of herself as "good at spicy" decided she should try one. Luckily she waited until the burrito came to go in for a big bite. There was a moment where it looked like it might all be okay, and then her eyes sort of bugged out of her head with a look of panic, her face flushed, her eyes became bloodshot, and she was sucking on her burrito to try to calm the fire that appeared to be burning deep into her soul. I laughed so hard I cried - and I will definitely be going back. But I think I'll still pass on the peppers.
Open late, fun to people watch (if you are sober enough to process what they look like), super excellent burritos. Great salsa. I usually hate veggie burritos, but I love the one here. Can't beat this place, I think it's the best the city has.
best nachos in town and one of the best paintings in the world
got myself a burrito with carnitas. and really, it was pretty damn bomb. just what i was looking for after walking around the mission all evening and looking at all the food. service was good. the guy with the silver tooth seemed like a nice enough fella. and the burrito filled me well. loved it.
This is the one for me, my favorite taqueria and burrito in the city of burritos! I used to work on mission and 22nd so this place was always a great lunch time stop. Their super carne asada burrito with everything on it is the standard that all taquerias in the world should be judged buy. It's just text book, Fuckin' perfection! I'm not even gonna get into the whole best taqueria/bese burrito in SF debate, all I have to say on the topic is that many of the taquerias in our city are awesome, it just depends what you are in the mood for...but this El Farolito location will always be my favorite with their bomb ass carne asada! Granted sometimes the lines can get out of hand (and even tense at 3 am on a Saturday night/morning) but who cares! The food always come out quick enough, the workers warm up to you after a few visits, their chips and salsa are both the bomb, and there horchata aguas frescas is horribly addictive! A word of caution though, I did get held up at gunpoint on 24th and mission at 4 am one night, so if you are in the neighberhood on a late/deserted night...watch out man, for real.
I came here for dinner one night during the week. It was crazy busy, but I braved the line and waited. I was a bit concerned that they would not have black beans, but they did so I was pleased. Overall, a good burrito. The rice was a little greasy, but still good. The size of the burrito was generous and the price was alright.
This is where your diet plan comes to rest in peace. The entire reason why El Farolito exists is to hustle that last three or four dollars that only sheer willpower got you to leave the bar with in the first place. You don't feel so bad though, when you end up here after 2am in line with all the other El Farolito minions watching them grill that carne asada steak. Take heed however, because lots of drunk bros and wiggers are on the El Farolito tip as well, and expect them to accuse you of being a dyke if you don't answer to their mating calls. Typically I end up here drunk as all hell so it's mostly a free comedy show at that point. Good luck finding a place to sit though because this shit gets PACKED. I pretty much admire the awesome work ethic of all the people who get stuck working the graveyard shift here because in my mind, the worst job imaginable would be serving a bunch of wasted jerk-offs like us at such an ungodly hour. So be nice because they're quick and nothing's going to cure that anticipated hangover better than a $4 SUPER burrito from El Farolito.
i begged my friend to go to el farolito and she asked skeptically, "why, is there something that stands out there from all the other taquerias in the mission?" YES. ridiculously delicious food and i don't mind the "dirty" seating or the long lines, it adds to the whole-in-the-wall-but-super-awesome feel.
my boyfriend took me here for the first time ever not to long ago and i cant believe it's taken me this long to discover my now favorite late night eat spot. the quesidilla suiza is amazing. so are the nachos. top it all off with and old school bottle of coke and it's the best fourth meal you could ask for.
al pastor burrito. comalo
the BEST quesadillas in town! seriously, you don't even have to be drunk to enjoy these. steak is the way to go. yummmmmm.....i want one right now! stay away from the shrimp quesadillas, they are way too messy and you don't get much shrimp.
had a holy encounter with their chili relleno burrito today. its grilled, cheesy goodness had me in a state of ecstacy such that i was able to recover a long lost, champagne-soaked memory. almost two years ago i had eaten el farolito after a late night of partying and limoing around sf for a friend's birthday. 12 girls, 1 collective black out. the birthday girl, a vegetarian since childhood, ate a beef torta in her drunken stupor. she didn't know until she woke up with heartburn. but you don't care about my dumb drunken anecdote. you care about what to eat. normally, vegetarians eating mexican food make the ever-exciting decision between a quesadilla or a black bean burrito. not so at farolito. get a chili relleno from this place. it was so naughty, i thought i was eating meat.
The Super Suiza Quesadilla is amazing! Huge chunks of avocado and a nice grilled tortilla make this a meal of perfection. As far as how shady the area is, I don't think it's too bad. But then again, I do live in the TL.
my no. 1 midnite snack.
my first love... went here as a kid with my dad who taught up the street. love in tostada form, one of the few places with fresa drinks (as far as i can remember), and all around yummy food. i've been to the one in south city and i'm in love with that one too. i feel like i'm cheating... but it's with the same lover over and over again. just in different places in the city. kinky. still in love.
Best in SF.  Try the Quesadilla Suiza (Super) with Al Pastor.  Ask for anything you want/don't want, they always get it right. The Veg Super Burrito is dang good too.  The green salsa is the best ever.
El Fartolito! Excellent burritos because the tortillas are grilled (on a nice meaty, greasy grill you vegetarians! Ha! Hey - and I am almost a vegetarian who used to squat and listen to CRASS and all that but these burritos taste so good!) Just ignore the dead animal grease, spay or neuter your pet and adopt your next pet from the pound and savor the flavor and dig on the HOT guacamole sauce with little avocado chunks you can load up on. You can order whole beans (to alleviate your meat residue eating guilt) or refried beans (in LARD) if you like. YUM! Most burritos places STEAM the burritos which make them taste bland and soggy in my opinion. Anyplace that real Mexicans eat at has got to be good! Also - they put chunks of real avocado in their burritos (not that wimpy runny green stuff most places use). I am only giving this place 4 stars because I am writing about the one on 17th and Mission where you take your life in your hands after 10 p.m. because of all of the crackheads and gangsters (and the sidewalk smells like pee!) The El Farolito on 24th and Mission is just as good.
the meal:super quesadilla suiza con carne asadathe good:super quesadilla suiza con carne asada, the salsa, the pricethe bad:the lines, the bathrooms, the guys trying to pick fightsthe ugly: the hangover the next morning...
Seriously, the BEST veggie tacos I've ever tasted in my life! The green salsa is incredible! Everything else i've had here is great too!
what a dive. but if you can get over that, the blaring fluorescent lights, shiny benches and general unkempt quality of the place, then this is the place for an awesome burrito. they are cheap, huge and always satisfying. quite authentic but don't bother if you're looking for an "upscale gourmet" mexican restaurant.
This is a good place to eat with good food. It's hard to screw up the taqueria model, but it is as hard to perfect it. This is the place you want to go for a late night Mexican and be on your way in half an hour (ish). If you are a local, chances are you'll see some friends, but even coming from out of town, there's always so many different crowds here that I never feel out of place. I have had every flavor of burrito and quesadilla they offer. What I would say makes this place stand out is the assembly on the griddle and the proper proportions of the ingredients involved. Their asada is my favorite. I've personally never had it dry, but it looks like a few here have... its a taqueria, it happens. It would be nice if they had free chips, but hey, I'm paying $6 for a super burrito, what do I care? Salsa was pretty good, not stellar, but not lacking. BTW, I'm super sick of the "Since I'm from LA... anything north of Bakersfield is by default sub-par" reviews. I've been all over EasLos, nothing there has shifted my allegiance southwards. Since we're both from California, we're both spoiled rotten when it comes to Mexican food. I'd venture that Nor Cal mexican food puts more emphasis on the meat and veggies, SoCal mexican might have an edge on the spices. A little extra cilantro, a little extra narcissism, and there you go.
best carne asade burrito in town for the price. hands down. but if your not used to the joys of 24th and mission. i suggest a day trip!
Knowing that I would be exiting the country soon, I made it a point to grab something here on a daily basis. Now that I am stranded thousands of miles away from this place (and from anything that even resembles mexican food), I am seriously questioning my decision to move. Despite all the wonderfullness Germany has to offer, it seriously pains me that "tortillas" are actually the name of a dish here...a horrible, laughable take on quesadillas. It's as if Richard Simmons decided to have his hand at blending some evil hybrid California cuisine with Mexican food...and served it with a side of dissapointment. Oh, El Farolito, how I miss your quesadilla suiza. How I yearn for even a spoonful of pico de gallo. I would gladly dine next to a passed out hobo that just pissed his aluminum foil pants for the chance to dig into anything on the menu, anything! Maybe it's the Helles talking, maybe it's the fact that I know can't be with you, but I think I love you, El Farolito.
the best part is that it's always open till 2am, so for late-night cravings, they own the market.
i have been eating in this place for the last 10 years sometimes the food doesn't come as good as always but i still can't find any other place that can beat them. the carne asada burrito is delicious, the quesadilla suiza is delicious. the tacos are the best. i personally love their carne asada sandwich.
Bring it back to this joint after a night of partying. Be prepared to stand in line, but it's well worth the wait. Super Carne Asada with Refried Beans & Everything is the only way to go!
This place is great. The super quesadilla suiza is perfect, as are the burritos. The carne asada tacos are just like mom makes, but make sure to ask for a side of lime.
4.5 stars. An excellent burrito, not my favorite, but still very good. Juicy Carne Asada and a perfectly grilled tortilla. Why not five stars? The rice and beans were on the bland side and seemed to overwhelm the meaty goodness a little. Still excellent, but not perfect.
great burritos and nachos. very generous servings, cleanliness is questionable, but a dirrrrty table is no big deal for a yummmmy burrito.
5-stars for the chorizo tacos. mmmmm.....
i dunno... maybe it was the night i went but this is my least favorite place in the mission. i've been in other sketchier taquerias and this is the only one that gave me the heebie-jeebies. i'll have to give it another try.
A burrito is a burrito is a burrito in the Mission, but what differentiates El Farolito is its meat preparation. In particular, its carnitas and pork al pastor are slow-cooked, tender, succulent and thoroughly infused with seasoning. The key, it seems, is that the cooks here know that when it comes to braising meat, fat is a good thing. The carnitas are so savory that it's almost criminal to bury their flavor in a burrito; a taco serves as a superior showcase. El Farolito also offers a stellar but oft overlooked torta.
the super quesadilla suiza makes the greasy life worth living.
i am giving 4 stars based on tacos alone. i will return however and try the burritos and i will return and try the quesadillas. and i will be back to try the brain and the beef head. I found the Al Pastor taco to be very very good. a little bit of sour cream probably would have pushed it to a 5 star taco. i guessed i should have asked i guess but didn't see the option on the menu.  i do have to take a little off for the subtleties of the establishment. there was some kind of high pitched ringing like an alarm or something that seemed to be coming from the back. the place is grimy, but i don't really mind that. but unfortunately the blaring Mexican music gave me a headache. nest time I'll get it to go and go eat in the park or something.this definitely ranks up there as a good taqueria and i think it's a lot better than Cancun which used to be my favorite place until the last time i went there. what happened to that place?  there is still an opportunity to get another star from me from this joint and i will be back.
best burrito in san francisco. and therefore, possibly the whole world! whoa, heavy. and don't let me hear you calling it "hipster", marina girl, or i'll lock you in their bathroom! five stars is not enough. farolito por vida!
oily..open wee hours of post-boozing pre-snoozing
best burrito and super sueiza quesadilla in town! i'm sure the rest is gr8 too but i stick to my favs since its out of town...hands down! and there is one on 24th and Alabama about 4 blocks from the one on mission with better seating and less lines....i see the same guys working at both places so you know its gonna b the same food...oh and the strawberry agua fresca is delicious too, try it if your there...i have gotten free refills at 24th and alabama....not sure why, i think they respect my appetite for delicious food...probably read yelp
best consumed in the wee hours, an el farolito burrito is truely a work of art. a punk band popular when i was in high school gained modest fame and not a lot of fortune singing the praises of el farolito, and with good reason. they are masters of cheese application here, and for under $4, you can get a perfectly warm and delicious food log that could easily make two meals.
good late night mexican taqueria. one of the few places in SF where there is a line at 2:30 in the morning. i don't think i've ever been there when i was sober...
Burrito? Burrito? Burrito? Yeah, they aren't bad. Have you ever tried the tacos? No extra toppings, salsa, onions, and meat. Carnitas and al pastor. They are simply unbelievable. Not as filling as the burritos but the best tacos I've ever had.
el farolito's quesadilla suiza is a hangover's heavenly cure. you must order it with carne asada and have them add guac. you will not be disappointed. it's a promise.
el fart a lot-o
if el farolito was a girl, i would kiss her and kiss her and kiss her and kiss her and kiss her, then slowly unwrap her like a burrito and ravish her with all types of mystical techniques collected from around the world to enhance her pleasure. then i would bring her to the perilous edge of climax, and pause for dramatic effect, before ruthlessly pushing her towards abyss like a superhero villain. finally, i would gently bathe her in scented rosewater, lay her on a bed of lotus petals, and sing songs by the famous recording artist Seal until she drifted off into the most pleasant of slumbers.
